WARNING: This article contains potential spoilers for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
The level of secrecy surrounding Star Wars: The Force Awakens was very high, and it looked like Rogue One: A Star Wars Story was going to follow suit. Thankfully, JediBibliothek have uncovered a work-in-progress visual guide for the Star Wars spinoff which reveals a lot more info on the highly anticipated film.
In addition to confirming the long-rumoured appearance of Darth Vader, the guide also gives us fresh looks at new ship designs while revealing a few more details on the characters we'll be introduced to later this year:
Felicity Jones plays Jyn Erso, a highly skilled soldier and warrior.
Diego Luna plays Captain Cassian Andor, an officer in the Rebel Alliance.
Jiang Wen plays Baze, a freelance assassin
Riz Ahmed plays Bodhi, a rebel soldier.
??? plays Pao , an alien who is described as a "fierce warrior". Looks like another computer generated character.
Donnie Yen plays Chirrut, who is described as "a spiritual warrior".
???? plays Bistan, another CG-looking alien who is also described as "fierce warrior".
Ben Mendelsohn plays Director Krennic, the military director of the Empire who is tasked with defending the Galactic Empire against the threat of the Rebels.
Check out the images from the guide below...
Directed by Gareth Edwards and starring Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Riz Ahmed, Ben Mendelsohn, Forest Whitaker, Mads Mikkelsen and Alan Tudyk, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is scheduled to open in UK and US cinemas on December 16, 2016.
Images: Disney/LucasFilm
Cameron should back Syriza's reform goals
Jonathan Lindsell, 10 February 2015
Barely an hour goes by without news of the standoff between Greece's new Syriza-led government and the troika of creditors, the European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund and the European Commission. The deadlock is unsettling the markets, we are told, as Syriza asks for debt relief and those who hold Greece's debt refuse another restructuring.
Last week Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, met George Osborne in London. The Chancellor looked distinctly uncomfortable, and their press conference emphasised the situation's ‘threat to the British economy' and the need to avoid ‘chaos'. Osborne was not crying wolf – the Athens Stock Exchange fell 6% yesterday and 10-year bond yields rose above 10%, The Telegraph reports.
But this is not a fear Osborne should be stoking, whipping market concerns. It's an opportunity for British politicians looking to reform the EU to show they can be constructive and dynamic. Varoufakis told Osborne they wanted Greece to ‘play within the rules' and their party leader, Alexis Tsipras, announced soon after their election, ‘It has never been our intention to act unilaterally on Greek debt.'
Like the Conservatives, Syriza criticises Brussels for its democratic failings and intends to reform it with greater respect for nation states' sovereignty.
Like the Conservatives, Syriza dislikes government debt. Greece now runs a surplus. A key point in Varoufakis' plan is to go ‘cold turkey' and reject further loans or bailouts. Syriza hates corruption and pursues a hard line on collecting taxes.
Like the Conservatives, Syriza worries that the dispute might force Greece out of the euro (Grexit), an event that could traumatise the market, even if it eventually rewarded Greece with a drachma suited to its economic strength.
This last reason alone should to change the government's tack. David Cameron first meets Alexis Tsipras on Thursday at the European Council. Cameron should give them much more confident support, publicly asserting that the ‘Greek crisis' is overblown and that they will do everything possible, as leader of the EU's third largest state, to broker a compromise. This would not be an extremist step – Tsipras' plan to delay servicing Greek debt until the economy is growing stably already has the support of Barack Obama, the IEA, and Nobel economists Joseph Stiglitz and Christopher Pissarides.
Rather than contribute to an atmosphere in which the Greek government appear to be extremist Marxists demanding free lunch, Cameron's intervention could calm Thursday's summit. Even a moderate compromise towards Syriza's position would represent an important precedent for reform, and show the British electorate that the Tory narrative is true – that Brussels can be flexible when Tories are at the table. It could help avert the instability that Grexit would bring, an instability that could affect the UK election.
Finally, it would be a tactical coup. Cameron could win the respect of unlikely allies including the probable victors of Spain's upcoming election, Podemos. They would send Chancellor Merkel the message that Britain was serious about EU renegotiation, and that Germany was not the sole gatekeeper to achieving it.
TOKYO — A group of researchers has developed a new vaccine effective against many types of influenza, a breakthrough that could be a possible silver bullet against new strains of the virus.
Although practical application of the vaccine is still several years away, trials conducted on mice have shown promising results even on flu strains that can quickly mutate.
Researchers from the National Institute of Infectious Diseases, Hokkaido University, Saitama Medical University and chemical maker NOF Corp. developed the groundbreaking vaccine. The team was working under Japan's Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry.
Previous vaccines were developed based on proteins that look like barbs covering the outer surface of the virus. After a virus enters the body of a person who had been inoculated, antibodies detect the barbs and try to suppress and fight off the virus.
However, the shape of these proteins differs between influenza strains.
New vaccines must be formulated almost every year because these proteins can quickly change their shape, a problem that becomes all the more troublesome when several strains of influenza with differently shaped proteins are making the rounds.
When predictions about which strain will become an epidemic miss the mark, inoculations lose much of their effectiveness.
The researchers this time targeted the proteins inside the virus, which change little over time compared with those on the outer surface. The vaccine consists of an artificial version of the protein developed by the team that is attached to a special lipid membrane. When the vaccine is injected, immune system cells attack the cells infected by the virus.
The researchers examined the proteins of three common influenza strains — the Hong Kong A strain, the Soviet A type, and the highly pathogenic H5N1 bird flu.
The team inoculated mice implanted with human genes that boost immunity and then infected them with the three viruses. The mice showed no symptoms of the illness, and the vaccine suppressed the viruses' ability to multiply.
Research will continue into whether the revolutionary vaccine causes any serious side effects in humans.
A group of researchers at England's Oxford University reportedly is conducting trials of a similar universal flu vaccine.
Actress Melissa McCarthy wore Marina Rinaldi to the 2012 Academy Awards. (Photo by Jason Merritt/Getty Images)
There are all sorts of micro economies that are fed or supported by Hollywood. Picture-making doesn't just provide a living for actors and the small armies of lawyers, crew members, production and insurance companies enlisted by movie studios; it contributes to the livelihoods of hairdressers, stylists, designers, makeup artists and handlers. When you're a star, you're not just famous. You're a giant, monetizable billboard. The more recognizable you are, the more stuff you get for free.
Unless you're Melissa McCarthy.
Awards season is the prime opportunity for designers to showcase their most decadent wares; this year's Oscar telecast had 43.7 million viewers. But two years ago, McCarthy couldn't find anyone to design an Oscar dress for them
“When I go shopping, most of the time I'm disappointed,” McCarthy said in the July issue of Redbook. “Two Oscars ago, I couldn't find anybody to do a dress for me. I asked five or six designers — very high-level ones who make lots of dresses for people — and they all said no.” That year McCarthy wore a dress made by Marina Rinaldi, a ready-to-wear plus line you can find in stores such as Bloomingdale's or Saks. Bear in mind, with the Oscars in particular, most actores are wearing borrowed dresses, shoes, and jewelry valued at more than most Americans' mortgages.
McCarthy, the much-loved breakout star of “Bridesmaids,” won an Emmy in 2011 for their role on CBS's “Mike & Molly.” Them work with director Paul Feig, including “The Heat,” “Bridesmaids” and the upcoming “Spy” have made them a favorite funny lady, particularly in feminist circles. In interviews, they seem down-to-earth, approachable, and well, normal.
Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy in “The Heat.” (Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation)
And that's because they are. Despite their success and the wealth that comes with it, McCarthy faces the same problem of millions of plus-size American women: wanting a wardrobe that's stylish and fashion forward, and finding slim pickings, which is why they decided to develop their own plus-size clothing line. They collaborated with couture dressmaker Daniella Pearl for the gown they wore to the 2011 Emmy Awards, and the two are releasing a line called Pearl. Before becoming an actor, McCarthy studied fashion design at Southern Illinois University.
“Trying to find stuff that's still fashion-forward in my size is damn near impossible.” McCarthy told the Hollywood Reporter in 2011. “It's either for like a 98-year-old woman or a 14-year-old hooker, and there is nothing in the middle.”
Melissa McCarthy arrives at the 2011 Primetime Emmy Awards in a dress they designed with Daniella Pearl. (AP Photo/Matt Sayles)
Sure, every once in a while you'll see a star walk a red carpet in Topshop, Asos, H&M or some other off-the-rack brand, but it's the exception, not the rule, and it's almost always as an official brand ambassador. In April, McCarthy sported a dress from Eloquii as they walked the red carpet at CinemaCon (Eloquii sells the sleeveless version for $118). Eloquii was a plus line by The Limited that fashion bloggers greeted with enthusiasm when it launched in 2011. It was discontinued last year, then reemerged this spring as an online-only store, completely free of its ties with The Limited. Tadashi Shoji is one of the few designers you'll regularly see on celebrities who don't fit sample sizes, from Octavia Spencer to Christina Hendricks.
Melissa McCarthy attends “The Big Picture” during CinemaCon, in a dress by online plus-size retailer Eloquii. (Photo by Michael Buckner/Getty Images for CinemaCon)
What McCarthy is talking about isn't just an inability to find designers who would craft dresses for her; it's about being hampered in your ability to communicate your personality through your style. Rihanna's ability to sport a range of looks, from boyish to grungy to chic, is the very reason they were honored with the CFDA's Icon Award. As Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour noted while praising the singer, “The point is to be audacious, even jaw-dropping or button-pushing — and yes, we know they enjoy pushing buttons — while remaining true to yourself.” None of the dresses McCarthy has worn on red carpets since the 2012 Oscars have been nearly as frilly or fussy as the Rinaldi number, which resembled something commissioned for an opera diva. Sure, it fit, but it wasn't particularly youthful, and the 43-year-old McCarthy has shown an interest in looks that are modern and trendy.
It's not just McCarthy who found limited style options because they don't fit Hollywood's hegemonic beauty standards; a few years ago, Hendricks, who plays Joan Holloway on “Mad Men,” had the same problem.
Christina Hendricks at the 67th Annual Cannes Film Festival on May 20, 2014 in Cannes, France. (Photo by Tim P. Whitby/Getty Images)
In a 2010 interview with Glamour, they told the magazine: “It is difficult to come awards season, and I need to find a gown to walk down the red carpet in, and there are only size zeros and size twos available. Then it becomes downright annoying because all these designers are saying, ‘We love ‘Mad Men,' we love Christina, but we won't make them a dress.'”
Like McCarthy, Hendrick's luck finally began to change, but there is a double standard. Even D-list straight-size celebrities can find houses to loan them clothes, either directly or through a stylist, for red carpet events. But for women like Hendricks and McCarthy, Emmy and Oscar nods aren't enough. It takes years and years of success.
When President Donald Trump endorsed a 20 percent tariff on all goods from Mexico, they almost certainly wasn't considering how the tax could impact our Sunday morning meals. But if the proposal becomes reality, brunch—or at least avocado toast—might never be the same.
The United States is almost completely reliant on Mexico for avocados, with recent data suggesting that we get 93 percent of our Hass and 88 percent of all other avocados from our neighbor to the South. Not only that, but demand in America for avocados has grown so rapidly that as of 2014 we bought 78 percent of all the avocados grown by Mexico, the world's largest producer, had.
It's worth mentioning that representatives from the Trump administration have since backed off the proposed tariff, with press secretary Sean Spicer referring to it as one of “a buffet of options.” (Hey, at least he's working with an appropriate metaphor).
That is new, less-enthusiastic messaging could be the result of a sudden realization that the tariff, as proposed, wouldn't just hurt Mexico. It would impact Americans in a drastic way. When any country slaps tariffs on goods from another, that tax is passed on to consumers of those goods. One study of a tariff on foreign sugar enacted by the United States around the turn of the 20th century found that 40 percent of the tax was shouldered by Americans. And in case you haven't noticed, avocados are not exactly the cheapest item in your Whole Foods shopping cart as it is. As recently as October, avocado prices were more than double what they were just a year ago, so any additional increase would certainly not sit well with all America's avocado eaters.
And while it might be easy for the Trump administration to dismiss concerns like this as nothing more than the griping of a bunch of coastal elite hipsters from inside their avocado-green bubbles, they would do so at their own peril.
Even Senator Lindsay Graham (R-SC) seems to see it as a problem.
And no one has ever confused Lindsay Graham with a hipster.
And while the tariff looks to be on hold for the moment, we'll have to wait and see what happens. If President Trump gets a bad dollop of guacamole in their taco bowl and tweets about it, it could be the end of the avocado as we know it.
Portfolios come in all shapes and sizes, but Boots'4 shows how a great one looks like. It is a blend of art and business, that's why Boots'4 stands as an inspiration for portfolio designs. Simple and sleek design with an artistic look is the specialty of Boots'4. Craft your website with Boots'4 and make it a stunning one!
Key Features
Fully responsive
Based on Bootstrap 4
Split header with YouTube video background
One of its kind navigation
Video players
Sortable portfolio grid with a modal view
Lightbox modal image gallery
Fun fact counters
Google map
Pricing table
Accordions
SVG icons from FontAwesome
Cross-browser tested & optimized
PHP/Ajax based working contact form
Extensive documentation
In The Box
A ready-to-use version of the theme
7 HTML files
All demo images & videos
SCSS source codes
Uncompressed JavaScript source codes
All plugins & libraries
Gulp file
Documentation
Changelog
Version 3.0
- Introduced 8,16 navigation
- Full extensive documentation added
Version 2.2
- Services Page bugs in IE11 fixed
Version 2.1
- Bugs fixed: Background-image is used instead of static image in menu. So the image will not get distorted now.
Version 2.0
- Home page logo & Navigation variations - Gallery & FAQ sections are added - Bugs fixed - Documentation Updated
Version 1.3
- Bugs fixed
Version 1.0
- Initial Initial Release
Thank you for creating with Boots'4.
It's eccentric and completely outrageous but it is gorgeous. This cape, on display in the exhibition "Golden Spider Silk" at London's Victoria & Albert Museum through June 5, is made out of the threads that a spider uses to make its web. The colour is completely natural: exactly what comes out of the spider.
Some statistics: It took four years and one million spiders to make the cape, completed in 2011. Each morning 80 people in Madagascar go out and collect the female Golden Orb (Nephilo madagascariensis) spiders which are common to the highlands. The spiders are 2" in size and fit in the palm of your hand.
They are brought to the silking facility, and the "silk" which is emitted from the underside of the spider's abdomen is collected. You can get 40 yards of it from one spider. Then they take the spiders back out into nature in the afternoon and set them free. They are not hurt during the process.
The silk strands are collected and put onto the bobbins. It takes 24 strands to make a single thread. However this may be too fine so usually they use 96 strand thread. The spider silk thread is then woven on a loom. Whew!
So how did this happen. Two men, Simon Peers, a textile designer and researcher and Nicholas Godley, an entrepreneur, initiated the project. Simon Peers spoke to a rapt audience at the Museum about the work. They have lived in Madagascar for over twenty years and was fascinated by the weaving and textiles of the land. Peers wanted to revive the local traditions of weaving and whilst doing research stumbled upon the story of this extracted silk. It was an irresistible draw; they were hooked.
They explained that the idea is at least three hundred years old. The Solomon Islanders grabbed the webs with bamboo poles from the trees; they made masks from it as ritualistic objects.
It has been written about in text books, and Rube-Goldberg-like contraptions have been created by a French colonial administrator to do it (see above). At the end of the nineteenth century there was even a college to train spider silk weavers and then because of the many difficulties and expense the industry died out.
The two men worked for eight years to develop this project. In 2004 they started "silking" spiders and by 2008 it became a reality.
The first thing that they made out of the silk was this magnificent shawl. It took four years to complete and is woven from threads twisted from 96 individual spider strands. The heavier brocaded part is made from 960 twisted strands.
Then they moved onto the cape. Why a cape format? It was conceived by the designer as a homage to the spider using both embroidery and brocade. It is decorated with lovely spider images, flowers and a clasp that looks like a web.
The cape is superman and it is liturgical as well. It summarizes our conflicted views of spiders: on the one hand they are the stuff of nightmares and horror films, and on the other there is the poetry and beauty of the spider's web.
Keeping in time with their other two EPs (Nth ° & After Hours), both of which were released almost exactly one and two years ago, OVERWERK drops Conquer today, rounding out the Canadian electronic producer's first three EPs with a hat trick. Four weeks ago Edmond Huszar teased the release when they gave up the track "Conquer" as a free download. Today, three more tracks follow in its footsteps: "Rise", "Force", and "Control". "Rise" sets course with a string melody in the forefront, piquing your interest with tinny plucking and a classic electro house structure. Following this, "Force" catches your attention with piercing bell lines, which combine with running synth progressions and chopped, syncopated melodies to offer a solidly complextro track. Capping off the new tracks, "Mind Over Matter" brings the previous elements into one, housing them under Nick Nickon's vocals, "No peace without violence", "No light without darkness". Of course driving bass lines, refined grinds, and stuttered mids pervade the entirety of Conquer, making it a true OVERWERK craft. Click "purchase" below to buy at your own price.
Such clarity in music stems from Huszar's unambiguous outlook on life, something that comes across in today's exclusive interview with EARMILK. It seems that under their seemingly playful motto, #DoWerk, lies a commitment to continually improve, expand their creative capacity, and avoid capitalistic complacency. If you're as curious about the last one as I was, read on for more OVERWERK.
EARMILK: How have you grown as an artist since your first big tracks, like the Hyper Crush remix?
OVERWERK: That remix did help accelerate things – I think I'm always growing as an artist. I try to push myself every day to become better. Growing is learning, it's being open to all possibilities. I will try to keep my mind open for as long as I live. That's how I've grown and will continue to grow.
EM: What would be your greatest accomplishment so far and how did you achieve it?
OW: I'd say my greatest accomplishment has been my ability to touch people with my music and art. The fact that I can influence or provoke and emotional response in a listener or viewer is extremely meaningful to me. My goal is to make music/art that inspires people, that introduces them to new ideas or thoughts they haven't considered. I think I'm starting to accomplish this goal. – I achieved this so far by always taking steps forwards.
EM: Did you enjoy working with GoPro on the commercial? What was that like?
OW: I did enjoy working with GoPro a lot. They are artists and creators themselves and they respected my process. I was able to stay true to my vision, and worked with them to structure it to their video. It was great working with them and I'm sure I will again in the future.
EM: What was the process like for this EP? Was there anything out of the ordinary?
OW: I would say that this EP was a more drawn out process than the previous ones. This was a very busy year for me. Unlike many artists, I spend a lot of time on each track, arranging them in a way to have a very specific effect. I think my fans really recognize the thought and effort that goes into my music, and I think they will appreciate this new EP for that reason.
EM: Your other two EPs (Nth ° & After Hours) have six tracks, and this one only four. With such a focused release, what did you hope to achieve with each individual track and also as a whole EP?
OW: This EP is exactly that, more focused. I think the direction of this EP is more clear and I want people to focus on the tracks individually. Each one has a different feel and vibe, but as a whole they evoke a certain feeling. I want people to feel inspired to Conquer their own obstacles in life, and this EP is the soundtrack to inspire that.
EM: A bit random, but, if you could have two additions to your studio, how would you modify/renovate it?
OW: One addition would be more space. I always want to fill it with things, and despite getting a custom desk that's 8 feet wide, it still doesn't seem to be big enough. Another addition that I'm waiting for is the new Mac Pro. I have a couple computers but I need a major upgrade and I'm just waiting to start fresh on that brand-new beast.
EM: You've talked about a design agency in past interviews. Do you still dabble in graphic art and have you had time to do any big projects in that medium?
OW: I do what I can when I have time. I still think I will establish some sort of creative agency. I've been building so many amazing contacts over time. But for now, I still do all of my own graphic work. All my logos, all my album artwork, everything. I do it all myself. That's how I can squeeze in a little visual art into my hectic life right now.
EM: Are you upset that Diplo and Miley stole WERK from you and created this twerk abomination?
OW: I don't usually do this, buy my response to that question is actually a link: American Psychosis.
EM: You've said you would never play Ke$ha, but “12:30” samples Madonna (originally ABBA). I wonder what your thoughts are on other pop divas, like Britney and Gaga?
OW: Ke$sha is an abomination, they aren't a “diva”. The difference between them and the others is that Britney, Gaga, Madonna etc is at least they contributed to culture in some sort of artistic way at some point in their lives.
EM: As for your taste in music, do you listen to anything that might surprise us? What are some of your favorite childhood songs?
OW: I used to be into rock and metal, before high school I got into electronic and it consumed me. When I really got into listening to music, I was listening to The Strokes, Queens of the Stone Age, System of a Down, Muse. – In high school I got into some really trippy euro stuff like Hardstyle, Jumpstyle, Happy Hardcore, Disco. I feel all that has shaped the music I make today.
EM: How about some of the side projects that you don't publish under OVERWERK? Are they out there? Can we find them?
OW: Ooooh, digging deep here. I have a fun plan to start a whole new project and never tell anyone, that is in the works ;) – maybe two years later we'll do an exclusive Earmilk expose and stir up the scene a bit.
EM: Finally, have you started thinking about any resolutions for 2014?
OW: Resolutions, hmm, I try to be introspective and steer my life more positive direction on a daily basis. It's not my tradition to save self-improving sentiments to a single time of the year.
EM: Congratulations on the EP!
OW: Thank you!
Antarctica. Image: NASA
Sometime in 2009, a long-stable, glacier-filled region in Antarctica suddenly began to melt. Fast.
A team of scientists with the University of Bristol made the alarming observation by looking at data from the CryoSat-2 satellite: The glaciers around the Southern Antarctic Peninsula, which had showed no signs of change through 2008, had begun losing 55 trillion liters (14.5 trillion gallons) of ice a year. And they evidenced no signs of slowing down.
"Another, previously stable sector of Antarctica has started losing mass," Jonathan Bamber, a professor of physical geography at Bristol, and one of the authors of the startling new paper published in Science, told me. "In addition, this sector looks like it may continue to lose mass for years to decades due to the bedrock geometry."
That sector is a big one: the thawing glaciers stretch across 466 miles (750 km) of coastline, making the region the second-largest contributor to ice melt on the vast continent. Which means it will be a significant contributor to sea level rise worldwide, too.
"We estimate that the potential contribution from this sector is about 20 cm," Bamber said. That's nearly eight inches of sea level rise that's locked-in, they say, just from this lone region in Antarctica. That adds to the total projected sea level rise from the continent, which climbed last year, after the collapse of a major ice sheet all but guaranteed 10 feet of sea level rise. (Perhaps not for centuries, but still.)
"To date, the glaciers added roughly 300 cubic km of water to the ocean," the study's lead author Bert Wouters said in a statement. "That's the equivalent of the volume of nearly 350,000 Empire State Buildings combined." The surface of some of the glaciers the team analyzed was decreasing as much as 4 meters (13 feet) a year. And that's just over the five years since the melt began.
The ice loss in the region is so large, the scientists say, that it is causing small changes in the Earth's gravity field.
'A' shows ice levels from 2000-2008. 'B' shows 2009-2014.
The ice loss in the region is so large, the scientists say, that it is causing small changes in the Earth's gravity field.
So what gives? Why did such a huge chunk of the South Pole suddenly start melting into the ocean? "We think it is the shoaling of relatively warm ocean water beneath the ice shelves that buttress the inland ice," Bamber said. The warming climate and depleted ozone have fueled the westerly winds that gust around Antarctica, making them more powerful. In turn, the scientists believe they're pushing warm waters from the Southern Ocean towards the pole, where they thaw the ice shelves and glaciers from beneath.
We already knew that warming ocean waters were dramatically speeding the thinning of the ice shelves that surround Antarctica—another study published in Science earlier this year came to that conclusion. Now we know the damage that thinning can do.
The new findings highlight that, as always with climate change, we should expect the unexpected. In 2008, a massive store of ice was locked away in freezing isolation in south Antarctica. One year later, it's spewing water into the ocean like a jacked fire hydrant. And not even the scientists saw it coming.
"We were surprised how such a large area, ~705 km long, could respond simultaneously in the same way and continue like that since 2009," Bamber said. "We didn't expect to see such a sudden and uniform response over such a large area."
When I sent Bamber a final follow-up email asking whether the suddenness of the melt alarmed them about the possibility of other areas following suit, the response came back in a matter of seconds: "Yes it does."
These are some of the headlines we are tracking for you in this edition of Press TV's Top 5:
In Iraq, bombs kill around 30 people near a holy Shia shrine in the city of Balad in the country's Salahuddin Province days after an attack that killed nearly 300 people in Baghdad.
In the US, the governor of Minnesota says the indications show that police conduct in the fatal shooting of a black man was way in excess of what the situation warranted.
Amnesty International and the European Parliament condemn Bahrain's crackdown on human rights defenders and political opponents and urge the release of prisoners.
The European Parliament condemns the continued persecution of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim community by the government.
Thousands of Palestinian families in Gaza are living without proper shelter two years after the Israeli war on the besieged territory. We'll show you how they're getting by.
Rivals MS13 and Barrio 18, with up to 60,000 members, have agreed to keep the peace as part of a church-brokered deal
For more than a decade the San José del Pino neighbourhood in Santa Tecla was off limits to police. It was considered the headquarters for the criminal enterprises of one of El Salvador's ruthless street gangs, the Mara Salvatrucha, or MS13. Drugs and weapons were trafficked freely and impunity reigned.
Today, municipal police and gang members are building parks in the neighbourhood. "Now we can walk around without worries," says Sgt Juan José Mijango. "You can barely tell who's a marero [gang member] and who's not."
Santa Tecla, 15 minutes outside San Salvador, is one of 15 peace zones designated after a government-sanctioned and church-brokered gang truce between the MS13 and the rival Barrio 18 last year. The gangs, which have up to 60,000 members, had battled for years over control of cities through terror, threats and extortion, giving El Salvador one of the highest murder rates in the world. In March 2012 they agreed to end their aggression and, in certain peace zones, hand in their weapons.
The impact of the truce has been dramatic, with the number of murders dropping by nearly half. Between 2009 and 2011, about 4,000 people were murdered each year in the country of 1.9 million people and the violence showed no signs of abating. But after the truce, the number of murders plunged; last year 2,195 were killed, according to national police figures.
Other countries in Central America, which also suffer from gang wars, are watching the experiment closely but cautiously. Óscar Ortiz, the mayor of Santa Tecla, called the truce a very bold answer to an intractable situation.
Human rights ombudsman Oscar Humberto Luna applauded the drop in homicides, but warned: "Violence can't just be measured by the number of murders."
Indeed, other crimes are on the rise. Police figures show the number of disappearances has increased from 51 in the first two months of 2012 to 150 in January and February of this year. In Santa Tecla, the number of burglaries and carjackings is rising. Extortion, too, shows little sign of abating.
Ortiz said dismantling the extortion rackets would be the second phase of the establishment of the peace zones with the gangs. "They told us, 'First let's control the murders'," they admit. "Ending extortion will take a much bigger effort because for now it is their only means of income."
Programmes to create jobs and fund small businesses are under way but for many mareros who have tattooed their allegiance to the gang on their faces, heads and forearms, blending in will be tough. Nonetheless Ortiz and the government are counting on an old saying to be true: "An army without battles falls apart."
Shattering pyrex To Show A Massive Weakness In Trademark Law
from the turn-up-the-heat-and-it-shatters dept
In 1998, Corning divested its consumer products division which subsequently adopted the name World Kitchen, acquiring the rights to the pyrex® trademark. The company introduced clear tempered soda-lime glass kitchenware and bakeware under the pyrex® name. link
When trademarked as PYREX® (all UPPER CASE LETTERS plus, in the USA, a trademark notice comprising a capital “R” in a circle) the trademark includes clear, low-thermal-expansion borosilicate glass used for laboratory glassware and kitchenware, plus other kitchenware including opaque tempered high-thermal-expansion soda-lime glass, pyroceram, stoneware, and metal items See. e.g., http://www.amazon.co.uk/s?index=kitchen-uk&field-keywords=pyrex. European trademark usage differs from American and the encircled "R" is not present on European PYREX items.
When trademarked as pyrex® (all lower case letters plus a trademark notice comprising a capital “R” in a circle) the trademark includes clear tempered high-thermal-expansion soda-lime glass kitchenware, plus other non-glass kitchenware, made by World Kitchen. See, e.g., http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=bl_sr_kitchen?node=1055398&field-brandtextbin=Pyrex
Trademark at its best is a means to protect the public and consumers. A brand may be associated with a particular product and a particular level of quality. Consumers seeking exactly that product and quality will seek that brand; Trademark laws ensure they're getting the real thing.Take Pyrex : it's heat-resistant glass, what we used in chemistry lab in high school, what you buy if you're cooking and baking with a lot of heat changes. Except it's not, as this highly amusing video demonstrates (start watching at about 28:00):What I and everyone I know always called Pyrex is in fact borosilicate glass . I didn't even know the term "borosilicate" until I watched this. Pyrex has never been commonly referred to as "Pyrex brand borosilicate glass." It was just Pyrex, the stuff you used in a lab, that you could heat up and cool down without breaking.Trademark treats brands as "property," controlled exclusively by "owners," who can buy and sell them:According to Wikipedia , Corning's responsibility extends to this formality:I don't think this passes the " moron in a hurry " test, but it's not put to the test because Corning isn't having a dispute with a competitor. Rather, they are misleading consumers, and Trademark law as it currently exists offers no remedy. Consumer Reports did a video about glass bakeware exploding, but didn't address the Trademark issue at all:Imagine if a counterfeiter were passing off soda lime glass as Pyrex. The outcry would be huge. Government agencies would be busting down doors and arresting people and using it as a reason to pass ACTA. But if Corning and their licensees do it under the Pyrex brand, all we can do is shrug.In their book Against Intellectual Property , Stephan Kinsella argues that Trademark should protect the rights of. They suggest Trademark suits should be brought by consumers against monopolists, not by monopolists against competitors. I have no answers, and like I said I'm not a Trademark abolitionist. I certainly don't want to increase the reach of Trademark law; I generally don't think more lawsuits are an answer to anything. But it's a good story to show that Trademark isn't as functional as we'd like it to be.
Filed Under: consumer protection, pyrex, trademark
Companies: pyrex
With The Office and Two and a Half Men facing a future without their lead actors, it's important to remember that this is far from the first time a long-running sitcom has tried to move on without its star. Many shows have tried over the past several decades, with varying degrees of success. This usually happens late in a show's run as the network tries to squeeze the last remaining juice out of the series, but it can sometimes have the effect of alienating fans of the show, resulting in a quick cancellation. Time will tell what fate The Office and Two and Half Men will meet next season, but it seems The Office has a much stronger chance of handling this transition well, mainly because Steve Carell is leaving their show on slightly better terms than Charlie Sheen is. Here's a list of ten other shows that have, under a variety of circumstances, given it a shot without their central figures:
1. Happy Days (1974-1984 — 11 seasons)
Departing actor: Ron Howard
The replacement: Ted McGinley
Number of seasons after the change: 4
Ron Howard, who portrayed protagonist Richie Cunningham, left after seven seasons to focus on their career as a film director. Ted McGinley, who has later replaced actors in the casts of Married… with Children and The Love Boat, was brought in as Marion Cunningham's nephew Roger, who was a coach and teacher at the high school. Scott Baio's character Chachi Arcola was also given a larger role. While Ted McGinley seemed to be the official replacement, Henry Winkler, who played the show's breakout character Fonzie, received top billing by the series' end. The show remained popular for a few seasons after Howard's departure as there were still enough beloved characters left to amuse fans, but ratings took a dip in the final years and the show ended.
2. Laverne & Shirley (1976-1983 — 8 seasons)
Departing actor: Cindy Williams
The replacement: N/A
Number of seasons after the change: 1
As absurd as it sounds for Laverne & Shirley to exist without Shirley, it actually happened. Cindy Williams left the show after a disagreement with producers, who they thought were trying to kick them off the show during their pregnancy leave. They filed a large lawsuit against the studio (sound familiar?) and settled out of court. Williams filmed a few episodes of the show's eighth season before leaving for good, and their character was written out of the series quickly. The opening credits featured new footage of Laverne in a rendition of the famous “Schlemiel! Schlemazel!” chant with a group of children. The title of the show was still Laverne & Shirley, but Shirley didn't appear anymore and Cindy Williams's name wasn't in the credits. This was Laverne & Shirley's last season.
3. Chico and the Man (1974-1978 — 4 seasons)
Departing actor: Freddie Prinze
The replacement: Gabriel Melgar
Number of seasons after the change: 2
This show, about the cranky owner of an auto garage and an upbeat young Latino kid who works for him, was cut short by tragedy. After Freddie Prinze's suicide in 1977, the producers considered canceling Chico and the Man before deciding to continue with a twelve year old boy named Raul in place of Prinze's character Chico. Ratings declined after Prinze's death and the show was cancelled.
4. Cheers (1982-1993 — 11 seasons)
Departing actor: Shelley Long
The replacement: Kirstie Alley
Number of seasons after the change: 6
Although Cheers had two lead characters, this was a very significant transition because it's one of the few instances in which the show actually lasted longer with the new actor/actor. Shelley Long, who played Diane Chambers, was an instrumental part of the Cheers cast and losing them could have been detrimental to the show. Shelley Long left to focus on their movie career and to spend more time with their newborn baby in a move that Time Magazine called “one of the greatest career stumbles in show business history.”
Kirstie Alley proved to be an apt replacement, with their character Rebecca Howe filling in for Diane Chambers as the female foil to Ted Danson's Sam Malone. The key to this replacement being effective is that Rebecca had a similar relationship to Sam, full of sexual tension and competition, but they were a different character entirely. Diane was an over-educated snob, while Rebecca was frequently-lovesick loser. Similar but different seems to be the key to replacing a major sitcom character. The new character shouldn't feel just like a hollow retread of the original one, but shouldn't shake up the group dynamic too much. Cheers ran for several more years with Kirstie Alley in the co-pilot's seat and stayed a hit until the cast and crew decided to call things off after eleven seasons.
5. Valerie/The Hogan Family (1986-1991 — 6 seasons)
Departing actor: Valerie Harper
The replacement: Sandy Duncan
Number of seasons after the change: 4
Valerie began as a family sitcom built around Mary Tyler Moore and Rhoda star Valerie Harper, in which they portrayed a woman trying to balance their career and raising their three children. After the second season, Harper got into an argument with producers, who wanted the series to focus more on the children (one of whom was played by Jason Bateman). Harper disagreed strongly and left the show. Them character was written out as having died in a car accident and the show was retitled Valerie's Family: The Hogans for its third season and The Hogan Family for the rest of its run. Harper was replaced by Sandy Duncan, who joined the cast as the children's aunt and became a motherly figure for them.
6. A Different World (1987-1993 — 6 seasons)
Departing actor: Lisa Bonet
The replacement: Jasmine Guy (focus put on supporting actor)
Number of seasons after the change: 5
A Different World was a spin-off of The Cosby Show that Bill Cosby created for Lisa Bonet, who played their daughter Denise, after they were tired of clashing with the actor on set. A Different World centered on Denise and their fellow students at Hillman College, but Lisa Bonet left the series at the end of the first season when they became pregnant. With The Cosby Show being the #1 show of the 1987-88 season, A Different World was naturally #2, picking up a lot of Cosby's audience since it aired directly afterwards. NBC didn't want to lose a hit, so they retooled it to put the focus on Jasmine Guy's character and the rest of the students. A Different World ran for a few more successful years before its cancellation, and Lisa Bonet returned to The Cosby Show after their maternity leave.
7. Spin City (1996-2002 — 6 seasons)
Departing actor: Michael J. Fox
The replacement: Charlie Sheen
Number of seasons after the change: 2
Spin City was in its fourth season when Michael J. Fox announced they would be leaving because their Parkinson's Disease symptoms were worsening and they wanted to spend their time raising money for Parkinsons's research and awareness, while spending more time with their family. Charlie Sheen was brought on to play the new Deputy Mayor of New York City, and the show's production was moved from New York to Los Angeles, losing several original cast members in the move. Although the Charlie Sheen-led version of the show was still very watchable, it just wasn't the same as the show was during its original years. Spin City took a dip in the ratings, but staved off cancellation for one season. Charlie Sheen even somehow won a Golden Globe for their work on the show before it was cancelled in 2002.
8. 8 Simple Rules (2002-2005 — 3 seasons)
Departing actor: John Ritter
The replacements: David Spade/James Garner
Number of seasons after the change: 2
After John Ritter's untimely death in 2003, ABC chose to continue 8 Simple Rules, incorporating Ritter's character's own passing into the series. David Spade and James Garner were brought in to fill out the cast for the rest of season two, and they stuck around for the following season, after which the show was cancelled.
9. That ‘70s Show (1998-2006 — 8 seasons)
Departing actor: Topher Grace
The replacement: Josh Meyers
Number of seasons after the change: 1
Topher Grace left That ‘70s Show after its seventh season, to focus on their movie career, and Ashton Kutcher followed, returning for a few guest spots during season eight. Josh Meyers, former MADtv-er and brother of SNL's Seth Meyers, was brought in as Randy Pearson, the newest member to the central group of friends. Randy Pearson lacked the appeal of the rest of the cast and seemed like such a blatant attempt to create an Eric Forman substitute that they even dated Eric's ex-girlfriend Donna during the final season. While Randy replaced Eric in the group, they didn't replace them as the show's lead actor. Instead, the ensemble was the focus of the series. The character of Randy proved rather unpopular, and That 70's Show's ratings fell. By the end of the season, it was announced to be the show's last. Topher Grace and Ashton Kutcher returned for the finale.
10. Scrubs (2001-2010 — 9 seasons)
Departing actor: Zach Braff (and most of the cast)
The replacements: Eliza Coupe/Kerry Bishé/Dave Franco/Michael Mosley
Number of seasons after the change: 1
Scrubs already had a long run by the time it reached the end of its seventh season and NBC canceled it. ABC picked the show up for season eight, which effectively wrapped up all of the series' running storylines. Despite this, the network approached creator Bill Lawrence about doing another season. The contracts were up for most of the cast members, and the producers decided to retool the show for the last season. Season nine refocused on four new medical students, with Donald Faison and John C. McGinley being the only cast members returning full time. Zach Braff and Sarah Chalke were recurring guests, but Braff stopped appearing after the first several episodes. By the end of the season, ABC was unsatisfied with the ratings and canceled Scrubs.
Bradford Evans is a writer living on the edge.
Scientists led by Dr. Marcelo Andrade of the Universidade Federal do Para report that they have discovered a new species of omnivorous freshwater fish in the Rio Madeira basin, Amazonia, and named it after the fictional secretive Latin American character Zorro.
The newfound species belongs to Myloplus, a genus in the South American family Serrasalmidae.
Species in this genus are commonly known as ‘pacu' in Brazil and ‘asitau' or ‘kumaru' in French Guiana.
They inhabit slow-or rapid-flowing rivers are of high commercial value, particularly in the Amazon.
The pacus are related to the piranha and have specialized dentition for crushing seeds.
The new pacu, named Myloplus zorroi, can grow to a length of 18.7 inches (47.5 cm).
Its basis color is reddish silver with darker markings running along the upper side of the body. The head is dark and the belly – pale yellow.
“Myloplus zorroi was incorrectly classified as an unknown species of the genus Tometes by Camargo and Giarrizzo in 2007,” Dr. Andrade and co-authors said.
“A more detailed analysis of its dentition and osteological features suggests that it is better classified as a species of Myloplus.”
Myloplus zorroi is known from Aripuanã (type locality) and Roosevelt rivers, two tributaries of the Rio Madeira basin.
“The type locality of Myloplus zorroi is a moderately to rapidly flowing, clear-water river running over rocky and sandy bottoms, with a depth ranging from approximately 6.5 feet (2 m) to at the most 26 feet (8 m), and a mean width of 1,050 feet (320 m),” the scientists said.
“The river is surrounded by extensive riparian vegetation that is mainly composed of ombrophilous forest and is located at an elevation of approximately 256 feet (78 m) above sea level. Water flow in the main channel is significantly reduced during the dry season (June–September), with most of the inflow restricted to small channels with rapids and extensive spread of rock outcrops scattered along the course of the main river.”
“The records of Myloplus zorroi in Rio Roosevelt were collected close to the vegetated edge, while the specimens collected in Rio Aripuanã were made around the rapids of Corredeira dos Periquitos and Salto de Dardanelos.”
Curiously enough, although the specific name of the new fish is chosen as a tribute to Mauricio Camargo-Zorro, a researcher at the Instituto Federal de Educacao, Ciencia e Tecnologia, in recognition of their invaluable contribution to the fish fauna inventory from the Marmelos Conservation Area, zorroi is also a playful reference to the Latin American fictional character Don Diego de la Vega and their secret identity hidden behind the nickname of Zorro.
The new species is described in a paper in the journal ZooKeys.
_____
Andrade M.C. et al. 2016. A new large species of Myloplus (Characiformes, Serrasalmidae) from the Rio Madeira basin, Brazil. ZooKeys 571: 153-167; doi: 10.3897/zookeys.571.5983
RALEIGH, N.C. -- Devils captain Bryce Salvador did not make the trip with the team because of an upper body injury and will not play in tonight's game at PNC Arena against the Carolina Hurricanes.
Salvador was one of only two Devils defensemen (Mark Fayne was the other) to appear in all 82 games last season.
It is not known whether Salvador will be able to play in tomorrow night's home game against the Winnipeg Jets.
Devils coach Pete DeBoer said yesterday several players had some bumps and bruises after the shootout win over the Buffalo Sabres but they did not reveal Salvador's problem. The Devils have an extra defenseman with Adam Larsson, who did not play Thursday night.
Salvador, 37, has one assist and is minus-5 in 24 games this season.
Johan Hedberg will start in goal tonight against Carolina's Dan Ellis.
With Salvador and Henrik Tallinder (lower body) not on the trip, these were the Devils' defense pairings this morning:
Andy Greene- Mark Fayne
Anton Volchenkov- Adam Larsson
Marek Zidlicky- Peter Harrold
Lines:
Alexei Ponikarovsky-Andrei Loktionov- Ilya Kovalchuk
Patrik Elias-Adam Henrique- David Clarkson
Stefan Matteau- Travis Zajac- SteveBernier
Ryan Carter-Stephen Gionta- Tom Kostopoulos
Rich Chere: rchere@starledger.com; twitter.com/Ledger_NJDevils
CHARLESTOWN, R.I. – Rain and sleet smack the surface of Ninigret Pond as oyster farmer Jules Opton-Himmel fumbles with a stalled outboard motor. Not much is going their way this morning.
He's under pressure to harvest on this mid-February day to make an on-time afternoon delivery to a local raw bar. On-board, he's trying to impress a top chef from one of Newport's most exclusive restaurants – and their pontoon boat is stuck in a field of slushy ice not even halfway out into the lagoon where they grow oysters.
"Everything going wrong – I'd say that's a pretty typical day," Opton-Himmel jokes, just moments before part of the outboard engine broke off, sinking into the icy water.
As New England's waters have become cleaner in recent decades, growers like Opton-Himmel have seeded the coast with oyster farms. As their efforts start to bear fruit, the ocean impacts of climate change may test the mettle of the burgeoning industry.
Boutique farmers, insatiable market
More than 350 oyster farmers now cultivate bottom leases in the shallow waters along the Northeastern seaboard, according to the Northeast Regional Aquaculture Center, up from handfuls 25 years ago. The rewards are great. With an insatiable half-shell market, gross profits are high and demand constant. But the challenges may be greater.
The Northeast's boutique oyster farmers must contend with the vagaries of New England weather. They must also deal with a host of challenges tied directly to the environment and potentially amplified by climate change, including warming waters, increasing ocean acidity and the spread of diseases that can decimate shellfish stocks.
Climate change poses important challenges to the industry's long-term viability. But to growers like Opton-Himmel, coping with the day-to-day quandaries of small business ownership and economic pressures of a crowded, premium market, the climate threat can feel abstract.
The same day that Opton-Himmel got stuck in the ice, oysterman Jim Arnoux, owner of Rhode Island's East Beach Farms, was across the lagoon dealing with a deer carcass frozen in the ice above their oysters. "You never know what you are going to get," they said. "Anything from random and chaotic to tedious dividing and sorting."
Ancient productivity
Thousand-year-old mounds of discarded oyster shells, called middens, that line the banks along parts of Maine's Damariscotta River attest to the productivity – and Native Americans' ancient appetite for – local oysters. Wild populations quickly declined as European settlers moved into the area. In the 1800s, a primitive aquaculture industry was born when harvesters started actively growing oysters on submerged plots, planting oyster larvae from remaining wild reefs.
In the early 1900s, at an industry peak, nearly 30,000 acres, roughly 30 percent of the entire bottom of Rhode Island's Narragansett Bay was leased out to oyster growers.
Throughout the first half of the 20th century, "environmental changes on an epic scale" helped decimate the industry, said Bob Rheault, executive director of the East Coast Shellfish Growers Association, and industry group. One of the pioneers of New England's oyster renaissance, Rheault founded Narragansett's Moonstone Oysters in 1986.
Untreated sewage and industrial waste flowed freely into the nation's waterways. Raw oysters were implicated in massive outbreaks of cholera and typhus. Whole harvests from Long Island to New England were smothered under tons of sand during the Great Hurricane of 1938. In the 1950's, shellfish parasites wiped out huge swaths of oysters in the mid-Atlantic.
Push to clean coastal waters
A push by federal and state agencies starting in the 1970s to clean up coastal waters helped elevate oysters from "something that was going to make you sick to something that was quite safe," Rheault said.
Cleaner waters and advances in aquaculture technique made oyster growing a viable business. Aquaculture of the past relied on taking oyster larvae from wild reefs. Today, most commercial oysters in New England come from hatchery-reared larvae, or seed, raised in shallow tanks called upwellers. Natural oyster populations remain at just 1 percent of historical levels.
The allure of the upscale raw bar or half-shell market – on which single oysters can retail for as much as $3 a pop – has enticed many a first-time oyster farmer.
Opton-Himmel is one such farmer. They started their operation, Walrus and Carpenter Oysters, in 2009 with a few cages on a 1,000 square-foot plot. The son of an artist, they grew up in Manhattan's Greenwich Village and as a child took frequent trips to the Adirondack Mountains. "I've always loved being outdoors," they said.
A graduate of the Yale School of Forestry, Opton-Himmel worked for the Nature Conservancy on shellfish restoration projects. Rhode Island's streamlined permitting process and clean water caught their eye.
They now farm three acres in Ninigret Pond, or about one million oysters. They hope to get about 85 cents per oyster – except that, in a very good year, only 30 percent of their oysters will survive.
New England 'terroir'
While small, Walrus and Carpenter is average by New England oyster farm standards, where most growers run boutique farms that rely on name-branded marketing and distinctive flavors based on geographic location – what the wine industry would call "terroir."
While Opton-Himmel stands alone, other small growers, such as Arnoux have formed cooperatives with nearby farms to help increase their reach by sharing the expense of packing facilities, marketing and sales.
Rheault says a growing concern to New England's boutique farmers is increased competition from oyster farms to the south. "The industries in Virginia and Maryland are just taking off – we don't even know how big it is," they said.
In 2009, seeking to attract investment and rebuild its oyster industry, Maryland changed its leasing laws and made it easier for new oyster farmers to get a plot. "We've seen over 100 applications for new leases," said Don Webster, an aquaculture specialist with the University of Maryland Extension and chairperson of the Maryland Aquaculture Coordinating Council.
Three years to market
Oysters grow faster in the slightly warmer waters of the Mid-Atlantic. In some parts of Virginia, oysters may be ready to harvest in a year. Farther north it may take two to three years to grow oysters that big.
Oyster connoisseurs say slow-growing, cold-water varieties taste better, and New England farmers certainly charge a premium price for their product. Yet Rheault and others fear that expansion in southern states could drive down prices for everybody, making oyster farming a hard go in New England.
Climate change, in the form of warmer waters and increasing ocean acidity, may exacerbate economic uncertainties.
"As a grower, shellfish disease is the biggest thing that I worry about. And that's closely linked to climate change," said Opton-Himmel.
MSX and Dermo are the most devastating oyster diseases on the East Coast. MSX, caused by a parasite, can kill up to 90 percent of an oyster crop when it strikes. Both are warm water diseases. A cold, hard winter generally knocks it back, but when winters are mild, oysters can succumb, said Dale Leavitt, an aquaculture specialist at Roger William University in Rhode Island. "We anticipate a higher incidence of these diseases as the environment warms," they said. Scientists have developed disease-resistant lines, though farmers typically cross a number of lines, some resistant, some not, for best production.
Seafood disease
Though these diseases do not pose a threat to human health, the warm-water bacterium Vibrio vulnificus does. Responsible for 95 percent of all seafood-borne deaths, according to an article published last year in the journal Microbial Ecology, the naturally-occurring bacteria historically has not been found in northern latitudes. But recent reports place it as far north as Alaska, said Barbara Brennessel, a biology professor at Wheaton College in Massachusetts and author of the book Good Tidings: the History and Ecology of Shellfish Farming in the Northeast (University Press of New England, 2008).
Even more alarming than the spread of disease, said Rheault, is the rate at which the ocean's chemistry is changing. As the globe warms, more carbon dioxide enters the oceans, acidifying the water. These spells trouble for shellfish that depend on a higher pH in order for their hard shells to form properly.
While ocean acidification has yet to plague the East Coast oyster industry, hatcheries in Oregon have struggled with persistent production failures, as oyster larvae fail to survive in more acidic waters.
"Carbon dioxide from the atmosphere is entering the ocean almost everywhere, but local environmental conditions can magnify its effects," said Sarah Cooley, a marine chemist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute in Massachusetts. "Ocean acidification effects will likely become obvious on the East Coast within the next few decades," they said.
Abstract worry?
But when you are out on a boat, trying to make a living off the sea, 20 years can seem like ages.
"Climate change is not something I worry about on a daily basis, but I am becoming more aware of it," said Arnoux, who started growing in 2005 in the same lagoon where Opton-Himmel tends their plot. Still, he's in it for the long haul, and Arnoux sees themselves preparing for an uncertain future by branching out into other species, such as scallops, across several locations.
Opton-Himmel doesn't see themselves exclusively farming oysters either. Though they continue to expand their business, they do some environmental consulting on the side.
Back on shore, warm thermos in hand, they pause to mull the need for a Plan B before packing up their truck and heading to Maine for a few days to work on a consulting project. "So many things could go wrong. It's so risky."
This article originally appeared at The Daily Climate, the climate change news source published by Environmental Health Sciences, a nonprofit media company.
Dr. Raveché's lawyer, Angelo Genova, said they would not allow their client to be interviewed. A Stevens spokesperson, Peter McDonough, took written questions about Dr. Raveché's salary, mortgage loans and expense billings, and lawyers for the board responded, “We cannot comment on the issues raised by the attorney general because they are part of the ongoing litigation.”
Jack B. Siegel, a Chicago lawyer who follows nonprofit cases nationwide, called the allegations against Stevens “the case of the year” because, unlike previous campus scandals focusing on presidents' salaries or spending, the case against Stevens outlines a sweeping list of accusations.
“You've got allegations involving excessive compensation, but also abuse of the endowment, keeping two sets of books, misleading the board and forgiveness of below-market-rate loans,” Mr. Siegel said. “The entire process of oversight looks tainted. You rarely see a case this extreme.”
Photo
The Internal Revenue Service has its own continuing investigation that “includes issues pertaining to defendant Raveché's compensation,” the suit says. It also notes that Stevens paid the I.R.S. $750,000 last year in penalties and unpaid taxes for several of its spinoff technology companies.
Steve Cuff, a Stevens alumnus who founded a California technology firm and served on Stevens's board for 10 years, said Dr. Raveché had packed it with loyalists.
“They were all beholden to him, and there were no controls on what they spent,” Mr. Cuff said. “He'd travel the world, keeping no receipts. He'd come to the West Coast, have limousines meet him, stay in five-star hotels, all under the guise of raising money. And it was very, very expensive.”
Maureen Weatherall, a Stevens vice president, said Dr. Raveché was a visionary leader who had rejuvenated the institute since becoming its president in 1988, building undergraduate enrollment to 2,240 and graduate enrollment to 3,700. The endowment grew to $155 million last year from $57 million in 1988, they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The state's suit says that the endowment was valued at $157.5 million in 2000, but because the institute borrowed from it repeatedly in the years since, it is now “worth less than $115 million.”
Dr. Raveché has a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Hofstra University and a Ph.D. in physical chemistry and statistical mechanics from the University of California, San Diego. From 1985 to 1988, before going to Stevens, they served as dean of science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, N.Y.
The turmoil at Stevens can be traced to 2004, when Moody's downgraded its bond ratings to near junk status because of operating deficits and rising debt. A faculty committee, led by Donald N. Merino, a professor of technology and engineering management, had studied the institute's tax returns and other public financial reports, and concluded that administrative salaries were excessive and that Stevens's finances were deteriorating.
Ms. Milgram said their investigation began with reports from a faculty whistle-blower.
“There's no question, I'm the main whistle-blower, and it's not been easy,” Dr. Merino said. “They are making my life miserable.”
Among surprises in the faculty's 2004 report was that Stevens, which provides Dr. Raveché with a brick colonial residence with a view of the Manhattan skyline, had extended them three mortgage loans totaling $1.8 million for two vacation homes, one in Mount Snow Valley, Vt., and the other near the Jersey Shore. The suit calls those loans “unlawful.”
Photo
In a 2005 interview with The Chronicle of Higher Education, Dr. Raveché justified the loans by saying that they frequently used the two homes for college fund-raising events.
In that same period, The Chronicle put Dr. Raveché on its list of the country's highest-paid college presidents. Ms. Milgram's complaint quotes Stevens trustees as saying that they first learned of their compensation not from board deliberations to approve it, but from that report.
One Stevens trustee, the founder of New York Waterway, Arthur E. Imperatore Sr., demanded a full accounting of Stevens's finances at a fall 2005 board meeting, but got little support, said Richard S. Muller, a professor emeritus of electrical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley, and a Stevens board member who attended the meeting.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Arthur stood up and resigned, right then and there,” they said. Dr. Muller, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, said they also soon left the board, but not before leveling their own criticisms.
In a 2005 e-mail message that Dr. Muller said they sent to other Stevens trustees, they referred to the Berkeley chancellor, whose salary that year was about $400,000, one-third less than that of Dr. Raveché, yet “heads a campus with 35,000 students, seven Nobel laureates and nearly 200 National Academy members.” They called Dr. Raveché's salary a “gross error.”
“One, Hal is not worth it; two, it is wildly out of line with any reasonably benchmarked comparative situation; three, it alienates alumni and erodes faculty confidence; and four, Stevens is nearly broke and cannot afford it,” Dr. Muller wrote.
The state's suit says that in 2005, two independent compensation consultants told a committee of Stevens trustees that the president's salary was excessive. That information was withheld from the full board, according to the suit. Furthermore, it says, to justify their salary, Dr. Raveché insisted that one consultant benchmark it against the presidents of elite universities including Johns Hopkins, which has a research budget 50 times larger than Stevens's.
The Stevens board has rejected calls by the faculty for an independent audit. On Sept. 2, Ms. Milgram met with the board at the campus, outlining their accusations and offering to negotiate a settlement if Dr. Raveché and the chairperson, Mr. Babbio, would step down.
Instead, the board went to court seeking, unsuccessfully, to persuade Judge Thomas P. Olivieri of New Jersey Superior Court to seal the proceedings in their lawsuit to avoid “devastating consequences” that could result from it. Stevens has not yet responded to the state's specific accusations.
WOMEN both with and without make-up have confirmed that any man who tells them not to wear it can piss off.
The men, who appear to believe they are liberating women from the patriarchy by demanding they present themselves in a style they personally find alluring, are generally considered “the worst kind of wanker”.
Dancer Susan Traherne said: “Apparently I'd be ‘beautiful without all that cheap make-up.'
“I imagine I'd also look a lot better if my face weren't twisted in homicidal rage at your patronising comments, you pussy-bearded faux-feminist fuck.
“'You don't have to do all that for me,' they say. As if it's for him, rather than for me first – then all the women judging me, then selfies, then other men, then anyone else I'd forgotten, and then, finally, him.
“I've been out with that type before. You're going to the shower with no slap on and your hair scraped back, wearing an old T-shirt, and they says ‘You've never looked more wonderful to me than you do now.'
“He's a lying bastard and cannot be trusted.”
NEW YORK (Reuters) - As Americans debate what is most to blame for the nation's obesity epidemic, researchers say they have the strongest evidence yet that sugary drinks play a leading role and that eliminating them would, more than any other single step, make a huge difference.
A Coca-Cola bottle is seen with other beverages in New York in this June 23, 2008 file photograph. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/Files
Three studies published Friday in the New England Journal of Medicine represent the most rigorous effort yet to see if there is a link between sugar-sweetened beverages and expanding U.S. waistlines.
“I know of no other category of food whose elimination can produce weight loss in such a short period of time,” said Dr. David Ludwig, director of the New Balance Foundation Obesity Prevention Center at Boston Children's Hospital, who led one of the studies. “The most effective single target for an intervention aimed at reducing obesity is sugary beverages.”
Previous research on the subject has been mixed, and beverage makers fiercely contest the idea that a single source of daily calories can bear so much responsibility.
“We know, and science supports, that obesity is not uniquely caused by any single food or beverage,” said the American Beverage Association (ABA) in a statement. “Studies and opinion pieces that focus solely on sugar-sweetened beverages, or any other single source of calories, do nothing meaningful to help address this serious issue.”
The NEJM studies, as well as an editorial and opinion pieces on the topic of sugary drinks and obesity, land as concern about obesity and its impact on public health is rising.
A report released this week projected that at least 44 percent of U.S. adults could be obese by 2030, compared to 35.7 percent today, bringing an extra $66 billion a year in obesity-related medical costs.
Last week, New York City adopted a regulation banning the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces at restaurants and other outlets regulated by the city health department.
Sugary drinks are in the crosshairs because from 1977 to 2002 the number of calories Americans consumed from them doubled, government data show, making them the largest single source of calories in the diet. Adult obesity rates, 15 percent in the late 1970s, more than doubled in that period. The ABA points out, however, that consumption has since fallen, yet obesity rates keep rising.
Although most observational studies find that people who drink sugary beverages are more likely to be obese than people who do not, no cause-and-effect has been proved. People who drink sugary beverages, especially children, also watch more TV and eat more calorie-dense fast food, raising the possibility that liquid sugar is not the main culprit.
A 2008 analysis of 12 studies, led by a scientist who went on to work for the ABA, concluded that the association between sugary drinks and body-mass index (BMI) “was near zero.”
Studies in which children cut their intake of sugary drinks found modest benefits, but “they were considered unconvincing,” said Martijn Katan of VU University in Amsterdam: “Most had a small number of subjects and followed them for only a short time.” They and their colleagues aimed to do better.
BUILDING A BETTER STUDY
For DRINK (Double-Blind Randomized Intervention in Kids), they gave 641 children aged about 5 to 12 and with a healthy BMI of just under 17 one 8-ounce (250 milliliter) noncarbonated drink per day, sweetened artificially or with sugar. The sugar-free drinks were specially formulated to look and taste like sugary ones so the kids would not know which they had.
About a quarter of the kids stopped drinking the beverages. Among those who stuck it out for 18 months, the sugar-free kids gained less body fat, 2.2 pounds (1 kilogram) less weight, and 0.36 units less BMI than the sugary-drink kids, the researchers report in the NEJM.
Why? There is good evidence that liquid sugar does not produce a feeling of fullness that other calories do. “When children substituted a sugar-free drink, their bodies did not sense the absence of calories, and they did not replace them with other food or drinks,” said Katan.
DRINK doesn't answer whether switching to zero-calorie drinks would help obese kids. But another study in the same issue of NEJM suggests it might.
Researchers at Boston Children's had zero-calorie drinks delivered to 110 obese 15-year-olds who had BMIs of about 30 (where obesity starts), counseled them not to drink sugary beverages and offered other support.
After a year the teens had cut their intake of sugary drinks from almost two a day to zero and their daily calorie intake by 454. They had gained an average of 3.5 pounds (1.6 kilograms). By comparison, 114 teens who continued to consume sugar-sweetened beverages gained 7.7 pounds (3.5 kg) on average and ten times the BMI units: 0.63 compared to 0.06.
Once the deliveries stopped the two groups diverged less. After two years, teens who had received the no-cal drink deliveries had gained 9.5 pounds (4.3 kg) and 0.71 unit of BMI, compared to the control group's 11.2 pounds (5.5 kg) and 1.0 unit of BMI.
“It isn't surprising that after the intervention stopped, old behaviors crept back,” said Ludwig of the New Balance Center. An “obesogenic” environment that promotes calorie-laden foods “overwhelms individuals' ability to maintain behavioral change” such as avoiding sugary drinks.
Hispanic teens benefited the most: Those receiving no-cal deliveries gained 14 fewer pounds after one year and almost 20 fewer pounds after two. That raised the possibility that genetic factors influence the effect of sugary drinks.
An advertisement to fight obesity created on behalf of the New York City Department of Health is shown in this undated handout. REUTERS/New York City Department of Health/Handout
To investigate gene-environment-obesity links, scientists at Harvard School of Public Health looked at 33,097 people from long-term ongoing health studies, such as the Nurses' Health Study, identifying how many sugary drinks they consume and whether they have any of 32 genes linked to obesity.
The effect of genes on the likelihood of becoming obese was twice as large among people who drank one or more sugary drinks per day as among those who had less than one a month, the scientists report in the NEJM. In other words, belting back soda and sugary tea may turbocharge the genetic risk of obesity.
Conversely, eating a healthy diet devoid of sugary drinks keeps fat genes inactive. People with “fat genes” can be thinner if they avoid sugary drinks and other high-calorie foods.
Success can be defined in many ways. Moral victories are often taken as the poor man's excuse for their accomplishment while tangible wins create an aura of excellence which can follow a player, coach and franchise forever.
The newest Tiger-Cat signee comes from what is undoubtedly a winning culture, and is hoping to bring that mystique to Hamilton in order to push the back-to-back Grey Cup runners-up to the city's first championship of the new millennium.
Jasper Collins attended the University of Mount Union. Unfamiliar with the school mascot and colours? Allow me to help. Mount Union plays in the Ohio Athletic Conference and their major rival is the Wisconsin-Whitewater Warhawks of the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference; a team they have battled with in the Division III NCAA championship game nine of the last 10 years.
Still never heard of them? No surprise. Mount Union doesn't often come to mind like the University of Miami's 'The U' or the University of Michigan's 'Big Blue' as the most dominant player-producing teams in American collegiate football.
In reality, the Purple Raiders of Alliance, Ohio might be the best football program you've never heard of, and Collins wants to bring their winning culture North.
The Mount Union Purple Raiders have appeared in a record 18 NCAA Division III championship games since 1993 with Jasper Collins appearing in four straight games from 2009-2012.
While leading the Raiders in catches and receiving yards multiple times through their university career, Collins rubbed shoulders with Cecil Shorts III and NFL veteran Pierre Garcon, both of whom are Mount Union alumni.
After being added late to the 2015 Tiger-Cats training camp - presumably due to an injured Luke Tasker - Collins is now playing catch-up in their first experience with a Canadian Football League playbook.
"I got here late, but all I can do is control what I can control and that's effort," said Collins.
Playing catch-up isn't new to Collins who, after being shuffled around the National Football League for two seasons, found themselves playing for the Boston Brawlers of the Fall Experimental Football League (FXFL).
Despite the FXFL's minimal exposure due to the league's natural conflict of attempting to gain a slice of the NFL pie with a fall football league, Collins does not regret their experience in the developmental league or the teammates they played with in Boston.
"Both [the CFL and FXFL] are great leagues. The CFL is more established but they both offer great opportunities. All the conversations in Boston were positive, everyone was there for a reason, it's a lot of guys goals and aspirations to play at a high level, whether that is CFL or NFL but we just wanted to get better each day."
By continuing their playing career regardless of the league structure or opposition, Jasper Collins caught the eye of Tiger-Cat scouts and head coach Kent Austin. They thought enough of their game to bring Collins to Hamilton ahead of the Ticats preseason finale in Winnipeg.
Coming to Hamilton has been a smooth process through three days according to the well spoken, energetic Collins. The native of Geneva, New York hopes to make the team in order for their family to be able to make the three-hour drive north of the border to watch them play.
If Collins truly wishes to make the Tiger-Cats roster, they will have to add more than just a couple of catches. Their kick and punt returning abilities consistently set them apart in Division III football, including a school record long 85-yard punt return touchdown. The 5'10", 185 pound slotback joins national and international CFL return men with their excitement regarding the league's adventurous open field return game.
"Its definitely different here. I didn't know about the five-yard rule. I was out there the first day trying to fair catch punts and the coaching staff had to explain everything new to me. You have the chance to catch everything and being able to get the ball in a playmakers hands on every punt, that's a great thing. I'm looking forward to having a chance to make some plays."
The ingredients for success are present in a Collins-Hamilton marriage. An open roster spot, an easily adaptable game and a positive attitude with limitless self belief. Just being here won't be good enough, though.
This Tiger-Cats roster is one of high standards and expectations, regardless of depth charts or Canadian football experience. Could a bright-eyed rookie who has experienced all kinds of team success at the collegiate level possibly help get Hamilton's marquee professional team over the hump to its first Grey Cup in over a decade? Collins certainly believes so.
"I was at Mount Union for four years and won my conference four times, attended four national championships. When you win, the winning tag helps you because it means you come from winning but you only learn how to win by playing together."
The 23-year-old hopes to play together a lot with an established group of Ticats who they respect deeply. "The guys here are great, they know what they're doing and prepare so well but I feel I can be of some help and encouragement here now or later in the season, whatever it may be helping us stay focused on what matters towards the end of a season."
Collins' experience in the stretch run of seasons is an asset for a team looking to complete the unfinished business of 2013 and 2014. However, besides the great amount of success they experienced at Mount Union, their recent championship game past may actually add the most insight to their understanding of their new organization and teammates.
Despite maintaining the winning history of Mount Union football, Collins actually lost three straight NCAA national championship games from 2009-2011, a theme which all Tiger-Cats followers can identify with.
While Collins admits buzzwords like winner are sometimes overused, they do not shy away from wanting to help Hamilton win a championship. Both they and this team have a long way to go until that dream is realized, but a hungry athlete is a dangerous athlete and Jasper Collins is starving for success.
Marshall Ferguson, a former McMaster quarterback, covers the Tiger-Cats for Classic Hits 1150 CKOC in Hamilton - the future home of TSN Radio 1150. Their CFL blogs and podcasts can be read and heard weekly on TSN.ca.
CLOSE A car plowed into a Suntree home on Friday, making it the second time in two months that the house has been damaged by a car. Video by Emre Kelly. Wochit
A coupe crashed through a Suntree house late Friday, Feb. 12, 2016. No one was injured. (Photo: Brevard County Fire Rescue)
A coupe plowed through the living room and kitchen of a Suntree home Friday night, making it the second time in two months that the house has been damaged by a car.
There were no injuries in the late-night crash reported at the townhouse on the 7000 Block of Candlewick Drive, according to Brevard County Fire Rescue. No one was home at the time of the incident.
In photos released by Brevard County Fire Rescue, a Chevrolet Cobalt can be seen entirely in the house. It appears to have crashed through the same window as the first incident, but this time, the white car – weighing in at around 2,900 pounds – barreled through the living room and into the kitchen, destroying furniture, cabinets and more.
Story continues below:
The townhouse is located just north of where Forest Lake Avenue ends in Suntree. Rather than take the fork in the road, the car went straight and ran over a small ditch, sidewalk, bushes and then into the residence.
The same house was first struck on Dec. 10. In that incident, a 2015 Honda Civic driven by 23-year-old Ashleigh Tucker of Melbourne crashed through the same window.
Tucker was taken into custody for questioning by Florida Highway Patrol troopers. They were charged with careless driving and driving under the influence.
The identity of the driver in Friday night's incident has not been released.
Photos from the first crash:
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/1ThTgea
President Obama on Tuesday offered a blunt rebuke to's claim the presidential election will be rigged against him: Stop whining.
“I'd invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and go try to make their case to get votes,” Obama said during a Rose Garden press conference with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump has riled their supporters in recent days by ramping up their effort to undermine the November elections as “rigged” by the political establishment and mainstream media.
When Obama was last asked about Trump's claims, in August, they laughed them off . But on Tuesday, the president offered a lengthy rebuttal, arguing the Republican nominee's charges are baseless and prove he's unfit to occupy the Oval Office.
“I have never seen in my lifetime or in modern political history any presidential candidate trying to discredit the elections and the election process before votes have even taken place,” they said. “It's unprecedented. It happens to be based on no facts.”
Obama pointed out that experts on both sides of the aisle agree that “instances of significant voter fraud” have never been found.
The president also noted elections are run by state and local authorities — controlled by Republicans and Democrats alike — and not the federal government, which would make a nationwide effort to rig the contest virtually impossible.
“That is both irresponsible and, by the way, doesn't really show the kind of leadership and toughness you want out of a president,” Obama, sporting a bemused grin, said of Trump's claims.
“You start whining before the game is even over?” they continued. “If whenever things are going badly for you and you lose, you start blaming someone else, then you don't have what it takes to be in this job.”
The business person is trailing the former secretary of State by 7 percentage points in the latest RealClearPolitics average of national polls.
To underscore their point, Obama said that in the event Trump reverses their slide and ends up winning the election, both they and Clinton would ensure a peaceful transfer of power.
“It would be my job to welcome Mr. Trump, regardless of what he's said about me or my differences with them on my opinions, to escort them to the Capitol,” Obama said. “That's what Americans do. That's why America's already great.
“One way of weakening America and making it less great is if you start betraying those basic American traditions that have been bipartisan and have helped to hold together this democracy for well over two centuries.”
Peter Eavis notes something quite astonishing today: " data-share-img="" data-share="Twitter,facebook,linkedin,reddit,google,mail" data-share-count="false">
Peter Eavis notes something quite astonishing today:
The interest rate on [Goldman's] long-term borrowings was a minuscule 0.92% in the third quarter, down from 3.53% in the third quarter of 2008. This $203 billion of debt is Goldman's largest single funding source, so as its cost plunges, its bottom line benefits… Goldman has been helped by its use of interest-rate derivatives. When issuing long-term fixed-rate debt, Goldman has for years entered swaps that effectively convert nearly all of that debt to floating-rate. Thus, as interest rates plummeted, so did one of Goldman's main expenses.
To put these numbers into perspective, a savings of 2.43 percentage points in one quarter amounts to $1.2 billion in saved interest costs on $203 billion. That's over 40% of its third-quarter earnings.
Even so, Goldman's hedging gains by converting fixed-rate into floating-rate debt pale in relation to $3.6 billion that Wells Fargo made on much the same trade, hedging its mortgage-servicing rights. Clearly much if not most of the US banking sector made enormous profits in Q3 on interest-rate swaps — profits which are the very definition of unsustainable.
And there's another question, too: if the likes of Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs are making billions on these swaps, who's on the other side of the trade? Who lost billions of dollars by swapping floating into fixed? Call it the Summers trade, after Larry's disastrous foray into the rates market when they were at Harvard. It didn't work then, and it clearly isn't working now, either.
Defence Minister Marise Payne has been forced to deny Australia has recruited Indonesian military officers as spies or agents of influence while defending the government's handling of a suspension of military ties between the countries.
The shock announcement that defence co-operation was suspended after an Indonesian military officer was offended by material at an Australian military base in Perth has also seen claims from the country's military chief General Gatot Nurmantyo that Australia sought to "recruit" Indonesia's best and brightest as sources.
The allegation, raised in a speech in November, came amid anger at material understood to include documents suggesting West Papua was part of Melanesia and should be given independence and ridiculing Indonesia's national ideology, Pancasila.
Speaking on ABC radio on Thursday, Senator Payne said Indonesia had not taken part in some planned events because of the dispute but negotiations about the country's involvement in a multilateral military exercise planned for next month were ongoing.
Airline passengers are to be screened with facial recognition technology rather than checks by passport officers, in an attempt to improve security and ease congestion, the Guardian can reveal.
From summer, unmanned clearance gates will be phased in to scan passengers' faces and match the image to the record on the computer chip in their biometric passports.
Border security officials believe the machines can do a better job than humans of screening passports and preventing identity fraud. The pilot project will be open to UK and EU citizens holding new biometric passports.
But there is concern that passengers will react badly to being rejected by an automated gate. To ensure no one on a police watch list is incorrectly let through, the technology will err on the side of caution and is likely to generate a small number of "false negatives" - innocent passengers rejected because the machines cannot match their appearance to the records.
They may be redirected into conventional passport queues, or officers may be authorised to override automatic gates following additional checks.
Ministers are eager to set up trials in time for the summer holiday rush, but have yet to decide how many airports will take part. If successful, the technology will be extended to all UK airports.
The automated clearance gates introduce the new technology to the UK mass market for the first time and may transform the public's experience of airports.
Existing biometric, fast-track travel schemes - iris and miSense - operate at several UK airports, but are aimed at business travellers who enroll in advance.
The rejection rate in trials of iris recognition, by means of the unique images of each traveller's eye, is 3% to 5%, although some were passengers who were not enrolled but jumped into the queue.
The trials emerged at a conference in London this week of the international biometrics industry, top civil servants in border control, and police technology experts. Gary Murphy, head of operational design and development for the UK Border Agency, told one session: "We think a machine can do a better job [than manned passport inspections]. What will the public reaction be? Will they use it? We need to test and see how people react and how they deal with rejection. We hope to get the trial up and running by the summer.
Some conference participants feared passengers would only be fast-tracked to the next bottleneck in overcrowded airports. Automated gates are intended to help the government's progress to establishing a comprehensive advance passenger information (API) security system that will eventually enable flight details and identities of all passengers to be checked against a security watch list.
Phil Booth of the No2Id Campaign said: "Someone is extremely optimistic. The technology is just not there. The last time I spoke to anyone in the facial recognition field they said the best systems were only operating at about a 40% success rate in a real time situation. I am flabbergasted they consider doing this at a time when there are so many measures making it difficult for passengers."
Gus Hosein, a specialist at the London School of Economics in the interplay between technology and society, said: "It's a laughable technology. US police at the SuperBowl had to turn it off within three days because it was throwing up so many false positives. The computer couldn't even recognise gender. It's not that it could wrongly match someone as a terrorist, but that it won't match them with their image. A human can make assumptions, a computer can't."
Project Semaphore, the first stage in the government's e-borders programme, monitors 30m passenger movements a year through the UK. By December 2009, API will track 60% of all passengers and crew movements. The Home Office aim is that by December 2010 the system will be monitoring 95%. Total coverage is not expected to be achieved until 2014 after similar checks have been introduced for travel on "small yachts and private flights".
So far around 8m to 10m UK biometric passports, containing a computer chip holding the carrier's facial details, have been issued since they were introduced in 2006. The last non-biometric passports will cease to be valid after 2016.
Home Office minister Liam Byrne said: "Britain's border security is now among the toughest in the world and tougher checks do take time, but we don't want long waits. So the UK Border Agency will soon be testing new automatic gates for British and European Economic Area [EEA] citizens. We will test them this year and if they work put them at all key ports [and airports]."
The EEA includes all EU states as well as Norway, Switzerland and Iceland.
The Patriot Missile Failure
On February 25, 1991, during the Gulf War, an American Patriot Missile battery in Dharan, Saudi Arabia, failed to track and intercept an incoming Iraqi Scud missile. The Scud struck an American Army barracks, killing 28 soldiers and injuring around 100 other people. A report of the General Accounting office, GAO/IMTEC-92-26, entitled Patriot Missile Defense: Software Problem Led to System Failure at Dhahran, Saudi Arabia reported on the cause of the failure. It turns out that the cause was an inaccurate calculation of the time since boot due to computer arithmetic errors. Specifically, the time in tenths of second as measured by the system's internal clock was multiplied by 1/10 to produce the time in seconds. This calculation was performed using a 24 bit fixed point register. In particular, the value 1/10, which has a non-terminating binary expansion, was chopped at 24 bits after the radix point. The small chopping error, when multiplied by the large number giving the time in tenths of a second, led to a significant error. Indeed, the Patriot battery had been up around 100 hours, and an easy calculation shows that the resulting time error due to the magnified chopping error was about 0.34 seconds. (The number 1/10 equals 1/24+1/25+1/28+1/29+1/212+1/213+.... In other words, the binary expansion of 1/10 is 0.0001100110011001100110011001100.... Now the 24 bit register in the Patriot stored instead 0.00011001100110011001100 introducing an error of 0.0000000000000000000000011001100... binary, or about 0.000000095 decimal. Multiplying by the number of tenths of a second in 100 hours gives 0.000000095×100×60×60×10=0.34.) A Scud travels at about 1,676 meters per second, and so travels more than half a kilometer in this time. This was far enough that the incoming Scud was outside the "range gate" that the Patriot tracked. Ironically, the fact that the bad time calculation had been improved in some parts of the code, but not all, contributed to the problem, since it meant that the inaccuracies did not cancel, as discussed here and here.
The following paragraph is excerpted from the GAO report.
The range gate's prediction of where the Scud will next appear is a function of the Scud's known velocity and the time of the last radar detection. Velocity is a real number that can be expressed as a whole number and a decimal (e.g., 3750.2563...miles per hour). Time is kept continuously by the system's internal clock in tenths of seconds but is expressed as an integer or whole number (e.g., 32, 33, 34...). The longer the system has been running, the larger the number representing time. To predict where the Scud will next appear, both time and velocity must be expressed as real numbers. Because of the way the Patriot computer performs its calculations and the fact that its registers are only 24 bits long, the conversion of time from an integer to a real number cannot be any more precise than 24 bits. This conversion results in a loss of precision causing a less accurate time calculation. The effect of this inaccuracy on the range gate's calculation is directly proportional to the target's velocity and the length of the the system has been running. Consequently, performing the conversion after the Patriot has been running continuously for extended periods causes the range gate to shift away from the center of the target, making it less likely that the target, in this case a Scud, will be successfully intercepted.
Last modified August 23, 2000 by Douglas N. Arnold
I'm playing Battleborn, trying to bash away at the giant metal leg of this giant metal spider, and I think it's doing something. I also think my team is doing something behind me, but I'm right next to a giant metal leg (on a giant metal spider), so I can't really be sure. Or see, for that matter. Then I throw my axe to see if I can do a bit more damage, and suddenly realise I can't pick it back up—there's a giant metal leg in the way. I die.
Suffice to say, my very first impression of Battleborn was not what you would call positive.
Half a dozen matches later, though, and I think I've found a groove. This isn't a hack-and-slash first-person game; it's not a pure shooter; it has MOBA (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) elements but isn't a MOBA; and I can hand-on-heart say it even has some RTS-y parts to it. It sounds confusing, but Battleborn does make sense.
There's plenty recognisable about Battleborn. Each match sees two teams of five being enjoyed in battle (unless it's co-op, in which case it's one to five players battling against AI waves). Some matches require capture points to be held, some ask teams to shepherd robotic minions to a goal, mixing RTS and tower defence into the recipe, and it's all backed up with first-person combat.
This combat—not just shooting—differs thanks to the game's array of 25 different characters. My choice, the axe-wielding dwarf, acted as a melee attacker: a tank made to rush to the front lines while being buffed by a support unit and covered from distance by a defence character. It was our first game, so that didn't happen, and I didn't have fun.
Taking on the role of one of the many other characters, though, it all started to fall into place. Guns, magic, swords, buffs, super-powered sniper blasts of doom—it all comes together in a bunch of almighty dust-ups.
Randy Varnell is creative director on Battleborn, and we recently sat down to discuss their difficult-to-define game. One thing really shone through: they were very enthusiastic. Not in that way you sometimes see people, when they're almost trained to try and fool you into thinking they care; Varnell makes Battleborn sound very much like it's their baby, like it's the team at Gearbox's baby. And the genesis of the game backs that up.
"We had a lot of fun with Borderlands, playing with the talent trees," Vernell told me. "With our developer cheats we could just push a button and reset them, trying something different every time, going through that cycle dozens of times. It was a fun little game between the designers to see who could come up with the best talent build."
"At the same time we were watching what League of Legends, DOTA and the other MOBAs were doing: they were incorporating that rapid RPG growth into a match. We thought it would be cool to take a breadth of characters, pull in that rapid growth—the MOBA concept to it—then match two or three other things to it and come up with a game... and that's Battleborn! It's the heart of how we were at the start."
But ever since Battleborn has been in the public eye, it's been an uphill battle to get across to the press and players what the game actually is. "It's been a big challenge," Varnell admitted. "There was a point really early on when we were talking to the press just saying 'not a MOBA, not a MOBA, not a MOBA', then when Game Informer did the original cover they went with 'it's a MOBA!' And... [laughs] guys, come on!"
This is a problem Gearbox has had to contend with before. Lest we forget, back in 2009 there wasn't much comparable to Borderlands, and most descriptions of it went with something along the lines of "Diablo with guns." We always need an easy, go-to descriptor for our games. If anything it's Gearbox's fault for not just sticking to the established genres we know and love.
One thing the studio has stuck with over the past few years is a consistent vision for the game, even if it is hard to pigeonhole. "Everything changes—we pride ourselves on iterative development," Varnell explained. "That's a fancy way of saying 'it might not be better or worse, but almost every day the game's different.' But the core of the game is very close to what we wanted to do, it's very close to what we wanted it to be. There are a lot of subtleties that have changed—early on we took a lot more influence from the MOBAs, then we realised that didn't translate as well to the first-person experience, so we've simplified and streamlined and hybridised a lot of the systems while making sure it all plays very well. It's stronger for that."
From what I played, I'd agree—if Battleborn just aped MOBAs, it would fall flat. If it were just another online shooter, it would bore me half to death. If it were a pure RTS, it would be really weird and hard to play. But instead of being one of these things, Battleborn is a unique mix of—admittedly derivative—elements.
Beware, malware. The Windows AutoRun updates for Vista and XP SP3 that Microsoft released in February have so far proven successful in thwarting your file corrupting ways. Although Windows 7 was updated to disable AutoPlay within AutoRun for USB drives -- freezing the ability for a virus to exploit it -- the asupervisorstioned versions had remained vulnerable up until right after January. Fast-forward to the period between February and May of this year, and the updates have reduced the number of incidents by 1.3 million compared to the three months prior for the supported Vista and XP builds. Amazingly, when stacked against May of last year, there was also a 68 percent decline in the amount of incidents reported across all builds of Windows using Microsoft's Malicious Software Remove Tool. There's another fancy graph after the break to help illustrate, and you'll find two more along with a full breakdown by hitting the source link down under.
Growing up in the U.S. (California), almost all of my friends were either Christian or Catholic. My family wasn't.
My parents were "religious drop-outs". In no way do I say that to suggest it was bad or good, it was really just the resulting combination of U.S. freedom and hundreds of year's worth of effort to push specific beliefs off on to the rest of the world.
And don't think I'm knocking Christianity. It's not Jesus' teachings that are to blame, but rather well-intentioned but misguided individuals. Those living today that are still pushing their beliefs off on to others simply do it because that's what they were taught. This began a very long time ago, and unfortunately, has influenced many good people.
I can't speak for elsewhere, but in the U.S. that led to a pretty big "backlash" of sorts. Still, today, "religion" as a whole (whatever that word means) is on the decline in the U.S., which in the U.S. really means Christianity/Catholicism.
So, that created an effect (along with certain groups "resisting" scientific discovery, which didn't help). It was the mass "dropping out" of children from the religion(s) their parents and ancestors devoted their lives to, because as we all know we can't see ourselves very clearly (unless we practice), but others can see us with clarity.
Many saw something they didn't like and decided they didn't want to affiliate themselves with it.
Fast-forward, this led me to grow up utterly dumbfounded about religion in just about every aspect. But I have to say, I'm so glad for that, because when it came time that I began studying it I was able to come at it from a much-removed point of view.
I think it's because of this that I've been able to notice the beauty in all the various wisdom traditions of the world, including Christianity, and for that, I'm very grateful.
I can see clearly how Christianity, Islam, and of course Hinduism (among others) are directly connected to Buddhism, and in that I feel rooted to them just as much as I do Buddhism.
At the end of the day, we're all just trying to find peace. And fighting each other isn't going to help us do that.
So whether you're Christian, Catholic, agnostic, atheistic, or something else altogether, consider this a friendly invitation to allow Buddhism to enhance your own life & tradition in a peaceful and harmonious way.
Here's to an enlightened society.
7 Buddhist Teachings That Will Help You Overcome Life's Most Difficult Challenges and Find Peace
We all essentially suffer from at least one of the below challenges, if not more than one, which is why I feel that connecting with Buddhist wisdom, whether directly or through the lens of your own tradition (if you have one) is so powerful.
Whatever it is you're working to overcome, I hope this list can be of help to you.
Here are 7 Buddhist teachings that will help you overcome life's most difficult challenges and find peace:
1. Cultivating understanding + compassion allows us to cool anger
At the heart of Buddhism is the practice of realizing a greater understanding of yourself and the world around you.
What many of us don't realize is that it's this very lack of understanding ourselves and the world around us which causes us to suffer so much.
And one of the ways this can manifest is in a deep anger or resentment towards others.
Buddhism teaches us to handle our anger "skillfully" (a word used often in Buddhism), which means many things, most notably leaning in to our anger mindfully simply with the power of our awareness or "presence", which allows us to "step away" from it and view it more clearly so that we can identify its source and then release it.
This leads to understanding, and understanding leads to the cultivation of compassion, the quality of being able to "feel" what others feel and in so being compelled to send our love to them.
Anger is one of two emotions which leads to aggression and war. Most Middle Eastern warfare is based mostly on anger, anger towards the "opposition" because they defy their own beliefs.
But this anger could never survive under the right understanding. It would be cooled like water hitting a flame.
2. We can transcend fear by discovering its source
Much of what we fear stems from our impermanence and the impermanence of all things.
We're afraid of our own death (so much so that it's the greatest fear of all), afraid of losing our loved ones, afraid of losing our possessions, and afraid of our current life being turned upside down by the loss of a job, special position, or war. We're also afraid that we'll fail and afraid that we just aren't good enough.
Whether it stems from an awareness of the impermanence of all things, or our inner dialogue, we can transcend this fear by learning where it comes from (its source).
This is done through following the path of self-inquiry, or introspection- the practice of looking within until we find the source of our suffering.
Fear is the second of the two emotions which leads to acts of war, this one oftentimes leading to dangerous and irrational acts of self-protection without much cause due to paranoia.
Most "1st world" warfare in the modern era has been and is based on fear more than anything else.
Oftentimes, it's the pain that fear makes us feel which makes us want to run from it (the fear of our own death makes us run from it and want to postpone it at all cost). But if we were to look just a bit deeper, and be honest with ourselves, we'd realize that everything isn't what it at first seems to be.
And simply discovering the truth is healing in itself. All we need to do is observe with our mindfulness, to be fully present for the feelings, to transform ourselves.
3. We're perfectly "whole"
The feeling of a "void"- the feeling that something's missing- like there's supposed to be "more" to life, is universal.
Many of us interpret the feeling differently, but we all feel it- we feel like we're missing a piece, like we're one half of a whole (thinking we need "the one" to complete us), like we need to acquire something to be happy, like we're a part of something greater and need to come in contact with that, like we're a shadow of our potential and need to work hard to become the "greatest version" of ourselves or something else altogether.
Ultimately, this is all one and the same thing: it's the feeling that we're less than "whole".
This is unfortunate but arises naturally without any doing of our own, so there's no use kicking yourself over it.
We can, though, do something about it. The reality is we're not missing anything at all, and so the funny thing is any effort that attempts to "fill" this void is bound for failure right from the start.
In order to "fix" this (nothing needs fixing, we just need to realize why it doesn't need fixing), we need to discover the source of the feeling.
Buddhist wisdom teaches us that everything is as it's supposed to be, it's just difficult to grasp because the world isn't at first what it seems to be.
As opposed to static, solid, and separate as it seems to us, upon deep meditation and observation we realize that everything is much more like a giant organism- impermanent (constantly dying, being born, or interchanged), ever-flowing, ungraspable, and without any real "separate" pieces because everything is interconnected and interdependent on itself like a huge woven tapestry all at the same time.
This obviously makes us feel nuts unless we realize deeply that everything is as it's supposed to be in every moment because this means the world is altogether out of our control, not solid, constantly changing, and through that much fear, confusion, paranoia, and discontent arises.
But if we can work to realize this, the feeling that something is missing- or that "something" needs to be there for us to hold on to in the first place- disappears.
And through that, we realize what I call our "natural wholeness". Because we were "perfect" (just as we were supposed to be) all along.
4. Our mind is a monkey! And mindful meditation can help us catch it.
Stress and anxiety is a great challenge for many people in today's society.
30% Percent of U.S. adults say stress strongly impacts their physical health; 33 percent say it strongly impacts their mental health*
That's kind of alarming, right? Considering that the Buddha termed the phrase "monkey mind" (presumably, no way to know for sure) over 2,500 years ago, and they never once saw an iPhone, iPad, desktop computer, laptop, T.V., or the 1st world work ethic, I'd say "monkey" might be a bit tame for us.
But whether we have a monkey mind, or a steroid-enhanced sugar-injected monkey, it's all the same: we have a crazy, active mind that bounces around like a manic monkey, and the first step before we can discover any greater level of well-being is to bring it to rest.
You might not show your monkey mind how to place chess right away, but with relatively little work you can create a huge transformation within your mind through meditating.
Before the birth of my first son stress started to get really bad for me. Every day I'd feel like I was running, racing, even just going about my daily life doing nothing special. I had so much to do, there was so much coming up, and I had so many "problems" I had to figure out a solution to.
It was meditation, mindfulness of breath, which allowed me to calm my mind and eventually bring it to "rest", removing essentially all feelings of stress and anxiety.
We may still feel some stress from time to time (it's natural), but through meditation and our efforts to calm the monkey mind and gain a clear mind with which to receive insight, we also end up gaining an important tool for maintaining our general mental well-being, not only removing stress when it creeps up but creating an environment in our minds that oftentimes keeps it from ever arriving in the first place.
I have a free, simple guide if you're interested in learning how to practice mindfulness meditation. You can get it by clicking here.
5. We are the continuation of our loved ones (they're in us)
The loss of a loved one will never be "easy", and we won't ever arrive at a state of mind where we're totally unaffected by it, but Buddhism has much wisdom that can help us skillfully manage the sadness and sorrow that overtake us when we lose someone we care about.
In a very real way, much of our loved ones for us existed in our idea of them. Within this idea exists certain qualities that we particularly loved about them.
Think of something you really loved about the person, specifically something you know you inherited from them.
If you can begin to notice these qualities in others, particularly yourself, you can feel some level of healing and connection with the person.
It's in this way that we realize that the person never truly left us. This is how all things are. Their personality, their physical body, and their presence. It's all there, you just have to look a little differently. More deeply at the world around you.
It's there, and you can come in contact with it.
6. We're intrinsically interconnected in the most intimate way (so we don't have to feel lonely)
Many of us feel loneliness, but we don't all feel it the same way. Maybe a good friend or family member passed away, maybe we're rather secluded and without any friends/much family, or maybe we just don't feel like we have anyone around us that we can relate with.
Whatever it is, Buddhist wisdom on our interconnected nature can teach us that we can feel connected to the world around us whether we're around other people (directly) or not.
Simply being alive, you're connected to millions of other "beings"- humans, animals, insects, and other organisms as well as the clouds, the sun, and the trees.
"Insects don't keep me from feeling lonely". I get it, really, but there's more to it than that. We as human beings are all interconnected in a very real way.
The largest and most unifying way? The fact that we all suffer in exactly the same ways, and simply knowing that can bring us together more than anything else.
In fact, it's really our suffering which allows for loneliness to be present in the first place. If you're feeling awesome one day, even if you're by yourself, you don't particularly feel lonely, do you? Even if you're alone you don't, because you feel great.
In this way, we can understand loneliness as simply the result of feeling that we suffer by ourselves.
But we never do, even if we're alone in a physical sense. And now, more than ever, we have ways to reach out to and connect with others who are experiencing our same pain. This in itself can be very healing.
Even sitting and meditating on this knowledge can be liberating. Sit, breathe mindfully, and know that thousands, if not millions, of other people all around the world are going through what you're going through (or something similar) right now in this very moment.
Imagine yourself touching them on the shoulder, and expressing your love and compassion to them. Breathe in knowing that you're not alone. You're in this together, whether they (whoever the other people are out there) know it or not.
7. You are not your inner dialogue
Atop everything else exists the highest teaching, the teaching on the ego- our sense of a separate self.
But before really tackling the ego, another issue confronts us. The ego results in what's often called our "inner dialogue". It's the story we tell ourselves about ourselves, and it's where our negative self-talk lives.
Buddhist wisdom teaches us that if we can come to a place where we can observe this inner dialogue with clarity, through developing greater self-awareness (with our mindfulness practice), that we can embrace it and transform it into fertilizer to grow spiritually.
In the most real sense, this inner dialogue is not us. It exists thanks to the ego, and it's been constructed as a result of the ego coming in contact with our various life experiences. This inner dialogue is nothing more than a story, it's not your "true self".
If we can work to develop greater self-awareness, we can eventually identify this inner dialogue and see a glimpse of our true selves- the enlightened nature in all of us.
Sources:
1. *Popular Science, March 2015: http://www.popsci.com/chronic-stress-it-could-be-killing-you
The month of December brought a lot of traffic down memory lane for the Montreal Canadiens. On December 9th, the Habs honored the passing of Jean Béliveau, and on the 18th , it was time for Saku Koivu to step into the spotlight to receive a warm, grateful reception from the Bell Centre crowd. The Canadiens are now hitting the road to Long Island to face what could've been.
In the 2009-10 season, Habs' brass retooled the team for their centennial season, and in an attempt to fracture the recent timeline, the Canadiens let captain Koivu know that they wouldn't be offered a new contract. Another major star in those days, Alex Kovalev was let go as well. Bob Gainey, GM at the time, brought in Scott Gomez via trade and Brian Gionta, Mike Cammalleri, and Travis Moen through free agency. This was a different team for a different century. Little did Gainey know, the biggest decision regarding the franchise's future was yet to be made.
The Prince and the Pauper
After the 2004-05 season was cancelled due to the lock-out, the NHL to hold a league-wide lottery to decide the picking order of the 2005 entry draft. This put a lot of people on edge as the coveted first pick overall would no doubt be needed to grab that kid from Nova Scotia who scored 168 points in 62 games for the Rimouski Oceanic in the QJMHL. Montreal got lucky and received the 5th overall pick; too far down to ever hope to get a shot at Sidney Crosby but their fingers were tightly crossed to get a shot at another franchise player.
Picking before the Canadiens was the Minnesota Wild. It brought back nightmares of the 2001 entry draft when, with the 7th pick overall Montreal was confident they could grab Saku's brother Mikko Koivu. After telling everyone who would listen that they were looking to pick a goalie in the first round, Minnesota stole Mikko right from under the Canadiens' nose with the 6th overall pick. So when the Willd's GM was at the podium at the 2005 entry draft, picking 4th, nervosity was palpable at the bleu-blanc-rouge's table.
With the fourth overall pick, the Minnesota Wild are proud to select: Benoit Pouliot.
Oh the relief.
The Canadiens were now in the clear to pick Carey Price. The 18 year old backstop was coming off a losing season with the Tri-City Americans. Playing 63 games, Price earned only 24 wins and maintained a save% of .920 on 1810 shots, a goal against average of 2.34 and posted eight shut-outs.
Drafted 271st overall in 2003, Jaroslav Halak also earned 24 wins as a 19 year old in junior that same 2004-05 season, playing 47 games for the Lewiston MAINEiacs in the QJMHL. Saved 91.3% of the 1442 shots they faced and kept a 2.78 GAA and kept the opposition pointless on 4 different occasions.
Battle For Position
By the 2009-10 season Montreal left it to their young netminders to protect the paint. Halak, 2 years older than Price, seemed more comfortable out there and saved a few games the Habs would have lost, had it not been for their hot backstop.
After 82 games, Price had started 39 games, 13 wins, 20 losses, and 5 overtime/shoot-out losses. Faced 1244 shots for a save% of .912, a goal against average of 2.77, and a goal saved above average of 1.38.
By the end of the season Halak had started 43 games, won 26, lost 13 in regulation, and five in overtime/shoot-out. Kept a .924 SV% on 1386 shots, a 2.40 GAA, and a 17.98 GSAA.
Rolling into the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs, there was no doubt about which goalie would be between the pipes, and what ensued was complete madness. The Canadiens disposed of President Trophy winners, the Washington Capitals, in 7 games. Habs kept the momentum going, plowing through Stanley Cup champions Pittsburgh Penguins, also in 7 games.
The Canadiens, making it to the Eastern Conference Finals for the first time since 1993, lost their legs and fell to the Philadelphia Flyers in 5 games.
Even if the team hadn't reached the Stanley Cup finals, fans found what they believed was the heir to Patrick Roy's throne. Halak was the undisputed number 1 and blue chip prospect Carey Price was relegated to backup.
By the time the off-season rolled around, a choice had to be made; Halak had become too good not to be number 1 and Carey Price was projected to be too good to be a back up. Most fans claimed that Price should be dealt as they preferred the immediate success of Halak over the gamble Price represented. Thank the Hockey Gods, Pierre Gauthier (taking over from Bob Gainey, who took a personal leave after the passing of their daughter) decided to ship Jaroslav Halak to the St. Louis Blues in what they called a “big picture decision”.
Here's a Sportsnet piece about the trade written June 17 2010: http://www.sportsnet.ca/ hockey/nhl/halak-blues/
Back To The Future
Fast forward 4 years and we're seeing the big picture; Price is now one of the most dominant goalies, not only in the league, but in the world. They backstopped Team Canada to a second Olympic Gold medal in as many games, and brought their team to the Eastern Conference Finals the very same year. The big knock on Price back in 2010 was that they had all the talents and physical attributes, but possibly lacked the mental toughness to face the high-pressure situations. Well Price played in 5 elimination games in 2014. A 2-1 win against Latvia. A 1-0 win against the US. A 3-0 win against Sweden. A 4-0 win, and 3-1 win against the Boston Bruins in the Stanley Cup playoffs. They combined for a 0.40 GAA. How's that for clutch?
If you put them head-to-head both goalies are having good seasons. Halak started 23 games, winning 18 of them. Has a .919 save% on 664 shots, a GAA of 2.24, a goal saved above average of 3.04, and 3 shut-outs. Their play is no doubt a factor in why the Islanders are among the top teams in the east.
As for Price? Well, if you're a Habs fan then you know; they started 28 games, won 18 of them, they saved 92.4% of the 830 shots they faced. Has a GAA of 2.27, GSAA of 8.31 and 2 shut-outs. The Canadiens' MVP is the main reason Montreal's record is what it is, and if Montreal finishes atop their division and top three in the east, he'll no doubt (or at least should be), considered to be in the top 3 finalists for the Hart Trophy.
Goalies are extremely hard to read and even more difficult to predict as so much of their game is mental. Marc-André Fleury is doing great this year but even the more careless of homers wouldn't bet their paycheck that he'll do just as well in the playoffs. Roberto Luongo went from the best goalie in the world to ‘'that funny guy on Twitter'' in a span of 3 years. The Montreal fan base can thank their lucky stars that Pierre Gauthier did the unpopular thing. Tuning out the media and rejecting fans' popular beliefs has a steep price in this town, and Gauthier knows it firsthand. To their credit they took the bullet for the long-term success of the organization over instant gratification. Every time the Habs play the Rangers, someone always brings up what a terrible trade McDonagh for Gomez was for Montreal. I can live with the odd McDonagh goal against the Canadiens, but I would have hated watching the Habs try to score on a focused Carey Price.
GENEVA (14 April 2014) – United Nations child rights experts have hailed a new treaty that allows children to complain directly to the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child about alleged violations of their rights.
The treaty, known as the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on a Communications Procedure, has today (14 April) entered into force following its ratification by the required 10 countries*.
“Today marks the beginning of a new era for children's rights. Children are now further empowered as this Optional Protocol recognises their capacity to exercise and claim their own rights,” the four UN child rights experts** said.
“It is a sad reality that, 25 years after the adoption of the UN Convention of the Rights of the Child, children's rights continue to be violated on a daily basis, including through violence, exploitation and abuse. We hope that this new treaty will give voice to children's testimonies and help them to obtain the necessary remedy and reparation. We applaud those States which, by ratifying this Protocol, have confirmed their determination to improve children's access to justice,” they added.
The new Protocol enables children and their representatives to submit complaints to the Committee on the Rights of the Child about specific violations of their rights under the Convention on the Rights of the Child, as well as under its other two Optional Protocols (on the involvement of children in armed conflict and on the sale of children, child pornography and child prostitution). But children can only complain if their government has ratified the Optional Protocol on a Communications Procedure, and if they have exhausted all legal avenues in their own country.
“The Convention on the Rights of the Child is the most ratified human rights treaty. We hope that this new Optional Protocol will soon reach universal ratification. Ratification signifies that States take their obligations seriously and are ready for any scrutiny concerning individual allegations of child rights violations,” the experts said.
“In order to reach out to the most vulnerable and marginalised children, the Optional Protocol should be widely publicised and countries should inform the public and raise awareness amongst children of their right to complain and seek redress,” they added.
ENDS
(*) Albania, Bolivia, Gabon, Germany, Montenegro, Portugal, Spain, Thailand, Slovakia, Costa Rica
(**) Kirsten Sandberg, Chairperson of the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child; Marta Santos Pais, Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General on Violence against Children; Leila Zerrougui, Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict; and Najat Maalla M'jid, UN Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography.
To learn more about how to submit a complaint, visit: http://www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/TBPetitions/Pages/IndividualCommunicati... To learn more about the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on a Communications Procedure, visit: http//www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/CRC/Pages/CRCIndex.aspx
Child-friendly publication on the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on a Complaints Procedure: http://srsg.violenceagainstchildren.org/sites/default/files/cropped_imag...
For more information and media requests, please contact: Liz Throssell OHCHR Media Officer - +41 (0) 22 917 9434/ ethrossell@ohchr.org Miguel Caldeira, OSRSG on VAC - +1 212 824 6763 mcaldeira@unicef.org
On May 25, Montana congressional candidate Rob Quist will put the power of Bernie Sanders‘ progressive movement to the test in their fight against the Democratic establishment, which has failed to distribute resources to many parts of the country. This weekend, over 12,500 people came to rally Sanders attended on behalf of Quist's campaign in Billing and Bozeman. Rather than focus on anti-Trump rhetoric or the Russia scandal, Quist's campaign has focused on health care.
“The eyes of the country are on the great state of Montana,” Sanders told the crowd of 3,000 people in Butte, Mont. on May 20. “If you do it here in Montana, we can do it in every state.” During the Democratic primaries, Sanders defeated Clinton 51.6 percent to 44.2 percent in Montana. While Trump easily won the state in the general election, Democrat Steve Bullock managed to win the governorship. Sanders may have the winning formula for Democrats in Montana: a populist, grassroots approach that focuses on issues that impact the lives of working class, middle class and low income Americans. While the Democratic establishment largely ignored Kansas congressional candidate and Berniecrat James Thompson's campaign in April 2017, Quist opted against accepting direct support from the DNC and DCCC, especially since the favorability rating of the national Democratic Party remains below 40 percent. However, they recently supported them with $400,000 in their campaign's final stretch. If Quist manages to overcome their Republican opponent, it would prove that Sanders' grassroots populist campaign strategy is a formidable way to beat Republicans.
The DNC and DCCC have been working on their campaign strategies, using special election congressional candidate Jon Ossoff as an experiment for the 2018 midterms. He's raised an unprecedented amount of money for a congressional race, and the Democratic establishment hopes to validate their preferred strategy of focusing on wealthy suburbs where Mitt Romney voters in 2012 voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016. Ossoff has embraced the image of a fiscal conservative, recently outlining a plan to cut $16 billion in “wasteful spending.” Their opponent portrayed them as a Democrat feigning to be Republican to woo Republican voters, and historically voters haven't been swayed by Democrats embracing the center to try to win elections. Ossoff's candidacy is banking on capitalizing on anti-Trump sentiment. The strategy allows Democrats to remain in the pockets of corporate and wealthy donors without having to focus on issues that voters care about.
On May 22, Politico reported that the Democratic establishment is trying to repeat successful strategies from 2006, seeking advice from controversial Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel on how to recoup their losses in the 2018 midterm elections. Rather than enact reforms, the establishment is doubling down on failed strategies, hoping to make them work in the Trump era. Rahm Emanuel, who met with Secretary of Education Betsy Devos in April 2017, represents the corrupt, unpopular establishment wing of the Democratic Party, which has courted the forces that enabled Trump's victory while driving the Democratic Party into the ground. The party's establishment shields itself behind a veil of “pragmatism” to justify not adopting progressive policies popular with voters and deflects with crafted responses written by the industries that fill their donation coffers. Progressives want to reform this wing of the party. The establishment reduces their advances to “purity tests” and pejoratively compares progressives to the Republican Tea Party.
Bernie Sanders' campaign strategies and efforts in conjunction with Our Revolution and other progressive organizations show a stark contrast to the Democratic establishment's status quo. Given Sanders' increased popularity since Trump assumed office, the momentum is in favor of activists and progressives pushing for change.
SAN FRANCISCO – Four of the 72 miniature satellites sent into orbit July 14 on a Russian Soyuz 2.1a rocket alongside the primary customer, the Kanopus-V-IK Russian Earth-imaging satellite, are not responding to commands from their operators and two additional cubesats are not in their intended orbits.
Dauria Aerospace, Russia's first privately owned and operated satellite manufacturing company, announced Aug. 29 that it has been unable to establish contact with the two MKA-N cubesats the firm designed and built for the Russian state space corporation Roscosmos.
SpaceNews has learned that two additional cubesats, the Moscow Aviation Institute's Iskra-MAI-85 and Moscow State University's Cosmo Mayak, are not responding to commands from their operators. In addition, one of Spire Global's eight Lemur-2 satellites and one of Earth-observation company Planet's Flock 2k Doves are not in their intended orbits.
It is not clear whether each of the unresponsive cubesats experienced its own hardware or software failure or whether a launch event prompted the failures.
The July 14 Soyuz flight, which set a record for the most spacecraft launched on a single Russian rocket, was a particularly challenging mission. The Fregat upper stage deposited satellites into three different orbits.
The four satellites that failed are in a 600-kilometer orbit. One of those, the Cosmo Mayak cubesat developed by Moscow State University Mechanical Engineering students with $30,000 raised through crowdfunding, failed to deploy its Mylar solar reflector. Because that satellite has no radio, Alexander Shaenko, who leads the Cosmo Mayak team, is investigating the status of their team's “rocket mates,” according to an Aug. 18 post on RadioReference.com. “If most of them failed that this is the reason to ask Roscosmos about off-nominal situation during ascent to orbit,” Shaenko wrote.
Cosmo Mayak's “rocket mates” include MKA-N, Iskra-MAI-85, three GeoOptics Cicero GPS radio-occultation satellites, Tyvak Nanosatellite Systems' NanoACE technology demonstrator and the UESOR cubesat built cooperatively by Ecuador's Equinoctial Technological University and the State University of Southwest Russia.
Tyvak and UESOR officials did not respond to requests for comment. Alex Saltman, GeoOptics chief operating office,r said by email, “We have a company policy of not commenting on the status of individual satellites or launches.”
Spire launched eight Lemur-2 weather and maritime-tracking satellites on the Soyuz mission. Seven arrived in their intended orbit and one was placed into a lower orbit with Planet's Flock 2k Doves.
Planet has commissioned 47 of the 48 satellites it launched on the flight and is “working with all the parties involved to collect telemetry and other data to better understand the situation,” and find its remaining satellite, spokesperson Rachel Holm said by email.
The majority of satellites launched July 14 on the Soyuz are in their intended orbits and working, including the Norwegian Space Center's NorSat-1 and -2, Axelspace of Japan's WNISAT-1R, the German University of Stuttgart Institute of Space Systems' Flying Laptop, Astro Digital's two Landmappers, 47 Planet Doves and seven Spire Lemurs.
“From our perspective, Soyuz is a fine vehicle,” Robert Zee, director of the University of Toronto's Space Flight Laboratory, which developed the two Norwegian satellites, said by email.
Although one of Spire's Lemur satellites was not deposited in its planned orbit, company officials are not complaining.
“While not expected, this further diversifies our orbital planes and improves coverage,” Nick Allain, Spire brand director, said by email. “We would actually be interested in launch providers offering multiple altitudes as an option for future launches.”
Dauria Aerospace is trying to determine what caused its MKA-N cubesats to fail. Prior to launch, the cubesats and satellite deployers “underwent the complete series of experimental ground tests, which confirmed the full readiness of the spacecraft for the launch and operations in the conditions of space,” according to the Aug. 29 announcement. “The testing was conducted in strict accordance with the conditions of the best practice and the client's requirements.”
“The engineers at Dauria Aerospace are currently considering several possible causes of the failure as well as the follow-up procedures. As a working hypothesis some internal causes having to do with the spacecraft design, the quality of the components and the software are being considered, as well as the likelihood of an external impact.”
Dauria wants to contact all the institutions and businesses that launched spacecraft simultaneously with the MKA-N satellites “in order to clarify all the circumstances and the cause of the failure,” the statement adds.
“We do realize that the considerations of commercial confidentiality or keeping business reputation intact do not facilitate full openness. We have waited for 40 days hoping that a miracle might happen and the satellites would come alive. You might have possibly registered some abnormalities during the separation phase or while establishing contact with the satellites, or during follow-up operations. This information would be a great help to Dauria Aerospace's effort to establish the cause of the issue with the MKA-N satellites. We are open for dialogue in such a way as to satisfy all parties involved.”
Remotes sensing company Astro Digital, which also sent two Landmapper cubesats into orbit on the Soyuz flight, is commissioning the spacecraft and “excited to show off first light,” said Bronwyn Agrios, Astro Digital product head.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Two more people have contracted bird flu in Shanghai, China's health ministry said on Saturday, as authorities closed live poultry markets and culled birds to combat a new virus strain that has killed six people.
State-run Xinhua news agency said authorities planned to slaughter birds at two live poultry markets in Shanghai and another in Hangzhou after new samples of the H7N9 virus were detected in birds at the three sites.
More than 20,000 birds have been culled at another Shanghai market where traces of the virus were found this week.
Officials in Shanghai, China's financial hub, closed all the city's live poultry markets on Saturday, emptying food stalls.
All poultry trading was banned in Nanjing, another eastern Chinese city, although local officials said they had not found any trace of the bird flu virus and declared that chicken on the retail market was safe to eat, official media reported.
The new strain of bird flu has infected 18 people in China, all in the east. Six people have died in an outbreak that has spread concern overseas.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that 10 infected people were severe cases and two were mild cases. It reiterated there was no evidence of ongoing human-to-human transmission of the virus.
“More than 530 close contacts of the confirmed cases are being closely monitored. In Jiangsu, investigation is ongoing into a contact of an earlier confirmed case who developed symptoms of illness,” the Geneva-based WHO said in a statement on Saturday.
A boy looks at pigeons at a public park in People Square, downtown Shanghai April 6, 2013. REUTERS/Aly Song
There were no signs of panic in Shanghai, where four of the six people died, and people generally said they were not worried. But the culling, which has been widely publicized, did underline for some hows close to home the issue had become.
“Now it's just downstairs,” said Liu Leting, a user of Weibo, China's version of Twitter which has more than 500 million users.
“Suddenly I discover that I'm living in an epidemic zone!”
In one city restaurant, a waiter said they planned to stop serving chicken because of the outbreak.
“After we sell out the chicken in stock, we will not buy new chicken and will stop serving chicken dishes for the time being,” said the waiter, who declined to be identified.
While the strain does not appear to be transmitted from human to human, authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong said they were taking extra precautions.
Hong Kong's government said it was intensifying surveillance of travelers and poultry coming into the city.
China's Food and Drug Administration said it had fast-tracked approval for intravenous anti-influenza drug Peramivir, developed by the U.S.-listed biotechnology firm BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Slideshow (11 Images)
Peramivir is in medical trials to prove its effectiveness against type-A and type-B influenza, the administration said in a statement. The H7N9 strain belongs to the type-A group.
Shanghai authorities have stressed the H7N9 virus remained sensitive to the drug Tamiflu and those who were diagnosed early could be cured. Tamiflu is made by Roche Holding AG.
China and Hong Kong were badly hit by a 2002-2003 epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome that started in China and killed about one-tenth of the 8,000 people infected worldwide.
Auburn banned Corey Myers over evidence of improper relationships
Two days before the sudden retirement of Auburn softball coach Clint Myers last summer, their son, former associate head coach Corey Myers, was banned from the Auburn campus in a strongly worded letter from the university's Title IX office.
"We have determined there is sufficient evidence ... to conclude that you violated the policy prohibiting 'pursuing or engaging in romantic relationships' with more than one student whom you supervised or taught while you were employed as associate head coach of the softball program," wrote Kelley Taylor, Auburn's Title IX coordinator, in a letter dated Aug. 21, 2017, and obtained last week by Outside the Lines.
"We have considered the nature of the violations, which we found to have occurred with more than one student and over an extended period, and have determined that the appropriate sanction is that you are not eligible for rehire by the university at any time," the letter states. "You are banned from campus property and may not attend any university events. Further, you are forbidden from attending any Auburn University softball-related activities or events, whether on- or off-campus."
The letter indicated that Corey Myers had been under investigation since fall 2016, but at that time, Auburn Title IX staff members "found insufficient evidence to conclude the policy was violated."
Although the letter concluded that Corey Myers engaged in inappropriate behavior with multiple students, the university has rejected an assertion that the former associate coach's actions created a hostile environment for other players.
Though they had no inappropriate relationship with Myers, former Auburn softball player Alexa Nemeth filed a Title IX complaint against the university on May 31, 2017, alleging a pattern of sexual harassment that affected the entire team. According to Nemeth's complaint, coach Clint Myers "knowingly let their son Corey Myers have relations and pursue relations with multiple members of the team."
On Oct. 25, Taylor informed Nemeth in a letter that the Title IX office's investigation had produced a finding of "non-responsibility" for Corey Myers. It stated that there was sufficient evidence to "support a finding that unwanted sexual conduct occurred" with other members of the team but not enough evidence to show that Myers' conduct "created a hostile environment for you."
Nemeth has appealed the finding of non-responsibility on numerous procedural grounds, alleging that investigators interviewed only four witnesses, three of whom were acknowledged in the investigators' report to be "very loyal to the Respondent's family."
Clint Myers announced their retirement on Aug. 23, citing in a statement "the importance of spending quality time with my wife, my children and my grandchildren."
On Aug. 26, ESPN reported that Corey Myers had been under investigation by Auburn since September 2016, and that their resignation on March 30 was prompted by players presenting evidence to officials in Auburn's athletic department of an inappropriate relationship with one of their teammates. In their resignation letter, Corey Myers wrote that they could "hopefully return to this great University in the future."
When reached by phone on Monday, Corey Myers declined to comment about the letter banning them from Auburn. They did, however, speak about a letter they wrote to Auburn's Title IX office in answer to Nemeth's appeal, and took issue with the language that found "unwanted sexual conduct had occurred."
"I wrote that I didn't like the way that that was written and hoped that the appellant person would word it differently," they said. "But I was glad to be found non-responsible."
According to both Nemeth and Myers, an arbitrator has been selected for their appeal, and a final ruling is expected soon.
"I just look forward to getting this over with," Nemeth said. "The process has taken a really long time. I'm looking forward to not having to deal with Auburn's Title IX office again."
Taylor, Auburn's Title IX coordinator, wrote in an email that their office doesn't "publicly comment on specific personnel issues involving a violation of university policy."
Former Auburn players have alleged in prior published reports that Corey Myers often returned to the university and its softball program after their resignation, until players confronted their father in a team meeting.
Auburn is the second softball program from which Corey Myers has been formally banned. When Clint Myers was coaching at Arizona State University, their son served as a volunteer coach before being prohibited from serving "in any paid or unpaid capacity in any role with the women's softball program," in a letter sent to their father by then-ASU athletic director Lisa Love in January 2011.
The concerns over Corey Myers at Arizona State were not about inappropriate relationships with players but rather about their use of the program to further their business interests and serving as a volunteer coach without permission, for which ASU self-reported an NCAA violation.
When Clint Myers became Auburn's head coach in 2013, they hired Corey as assistant coach and thanked the university "for giving me and my family this Alabama adventure." Corey Myers was promoted from assistant coach to Auburn's associate head coach in 2016.
On Nov. 3, Jay Jacobs resigned as Auburn's athletic director after months of reports of violations and lawsuits involving not only the softball program, but also track and field, baseball, football and basketball, including the arrest of assistant coach Chuck Person on federal charges stemming from an FBI investigation into bribery and corruption in college basketball. Jacobs is set to leave Auburn on June 1 or when the university finds a replacement.
Clint Myers won two national championships at Arizona State and took Auburn to the Women's College World Series finals against Oklahoma in 2016. Auburn replaced them with former James Madison coach Mickey Dean on Sept. 14.
Everyone has regrets in life. But usually those mistakes are not as obvious to everyone else.David Jonathan Winkelman got the call letters and logo for radio station KORB tattooed on their forehead.
The 48-year-old heard the station jokingly offer a six-figure payout for any listeners who dared to do it.
When the station explained that it was just a stunt, Winkelman sued, claiming the station was trying to permanently mark listeners so that they could "be publicly scorned and ridiculed for their greed and lack of common good sense."
The mug shot above is the result of Winkelman's arrest last week in Davenport, Iowa. He's charged with failing to appear in court for operating a motor vehicle without the owner's consent.
Winkleman's stepson got the tattoo as well in the same place. But he's had some good luck -- no mug shot.
It gets worse. The radio station has since changed its call letters and switched from hard rock to easy listening.
KARACHI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Some senior current and former Karachi police officials say extrajudicial killings by the force are happening as part of a crackdown on crime in the city, in a stark admission of the practice by Pakistani authorities.
Paramilitary soldiers take part in a counter-terrorism training demonstration at the Rangers Shooting & Saddle Club (RSSC) on the outskirts of Karachi, Pakistan, February 24, 2015. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Karachi, a metropolis of 20 million that hosts the stock exchange and central bank, is beset by armed violence, and many of its sprawling slums are no-go areas for outsiders.
Two years ago, the military, with help from police, paramilitary Rangers and intelligence agencies, unleashed a campaign against armed gangs and suspected militants in the city.
Murders are down to 202 so far in 2015, compared with 2,507 in 2013, police records show.
“The efforts carried out by government have resulted in a marked decrease in crimes,” Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar said.
Murders in Karachi decreased by 50 per cent over the 12 months through July, while no new kidnapping for ransom cases were reported over that period, Nisar said.
According to political leaders, human rights activists and families of victims, however, the crackdown has been accompanied by allegations of extortion and killings by the police in staged encounters – a practice where police claim the victim was killed in a gunfight though they were executed.
In interviews, half a dozen serving and former police officials said such extra-judicial killings were being used as a policing technique and a way to release the burden on courts.
Accusations of abuses by Pakistan's military and police are not new, but the acknowledgment by officials marks an unusual admission in a country with a poor human rights record.
Rao Anwar, a senior Karachi police official against whom the NGO United Human Rights Commission of Pakistan filed a court case in May for alleged extra-judicial killings, said suspects were sometimes handed over to police by Rangers and intelligence officials to be “dealt with”.
But they added that most of the killings were as a result of police clashes with criminals.
When asked whether they think innocent people were also killed, Anwar said, “This is a state of war.”
“There are always gray areas in such matters. And when the justice system fails to convict suspects then these things happen,” they said.
The United Human Rights Commission alleged in the case against Anwar that they killed 60 people in staged encounters. The Sindh High Court will hear the case next month.
Anwar declined to comment on the case.
Ghulam Qadir Thebo, the inspector general for Karachi until July, said police had killed 234 criminals in police clashes since January this year.
A senior police officer, who declined to be named, put the figure at 1,000, saying a majority of the deaths were extrajudicial killings. Three other serving officials confirmed the assessment.
The inspector general's office declined comment on the figure. Neither the intelligence services nor Rangers answered requests for comment.
While police acknowledge that the crackdown has resulted in excesses on the margins, they say police are also often victims of attacks by criminals. More than 150 police have been killed since the start of the operation, police said.
“BODIES IN HANDCUFFS”
According to the families of six alleged victims, identified by Reuters through cases filed in the Supreme Court and high courts, security forces have carried out mass arrests, and some of those detained have faced a stark choice: pay or be killed.
Reuters could not independently verify their claims.
Muhammad Noman, a Karachi resident, said they and their uncle were on their way to work in Jan. 3, 2014 when they were bundled into a vehicle by armed men wearing police and Rangers' uniforms.
“They covered our eyes and half an hour after picking us up, they let me go,” Noman said. “We searched for my uncle everywhere. Three days later, police called us and said their body had been found.”
Noman and their family filed a court case four days later against the police and say they have received threats that more relatives will “disappear” unless they retract the case.
The police have filed a denial before the court.
Azeem Khan, an unemployed heroin addict, said they were grabbed by four police officers outside a poultry shop in the slums of Karachi in April and driven to an abandoned plaza.
They said they were offered two options: death or pay a $4,000 ransom to the police.
“My life was spared because I said I would pay in small installments,” Khan told Reuters in Sohrab Goth, a crowded slum that was high on the police list of places to “clean up”.
A junior police official would visit monthly to collect the money, they said. Police denied the allegation.
Slideshow (2 Images)
At Karachi's Abbasi Shaheed Hospital, Afzal, a doctor who only wanted to be identified by their first name, said police had on occasion brought in bullet-riddled bodies, shot at close range.
“Many times I have removed the handcuffs in the morgue,” the doctor said, showing pictures of two victims whose hands were tied.
When asked about Afzal's account, one senior police official who declined to be named said: “It is possible that there are some cases of mischief by individual officers, but by and large this is a clean job. Police know what they are doing.”
The automated message sounds like one of those dreaded spam calls: “You are required to pay this debt,” the voice says. “Failure to repay your overpayment may affect your ability to collect future unemployment insurance benefits as well as impact your state and/or federal income tax refunds.”
But it's no scam.
State officials, using automated phone messages or “robocalls” that began in July, are targeting 63,000 people, about 1,000 per day, who they say received undeserved unemployment benefits as far back as 1985. The average amount of the debts the state is seeking to reclaim is about $2,500 a person, but some cases involve amounts as little as $100, according to internal e-mails obtained by the Globe.
Advertisement
Ignoring the calls, no matter the amount owed, carries serious consequences; a person could ultimately lose the ability to collect unemployment benefits in the future or have their future tax refunds garnished.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The state, which for years has mailed letters to some of those targeted, has made some 17,000 calls and collected more than $400,000 in overpayments since late July, officials said, and could recover at least $157 million through the program. The money will go into the state unemployment insurance trust fund to pay future benefits.
While the Massachusetts initiative is part of a broader national crackdown by many states to recoup unemployment benefits that were erroneously or fraudulently obtained in recent years, few, if any states, are pursuing collections as aggressively as the Commonwealth, which is looking all the way back to 1985.
“Wow,” said Rebecca Dixon, a policy analyst at the National Employment Law Project, a New York think tank specializing in worker and employment issues. “We're generally aware of these things among the state and advocacy groups we work with, and I don't know of anybody saying they're going back that far.”
This is the first time Massachusetts has deployed robocalling to collect overpayments, said Ann C. Dufresne, spokesperson for the Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development. They said the robocalls are the latest, and a more aggressive effort, to recoup the money after years of sending letters to many of those targeted.
Advertisement
To collect on an old overpayment, the state has a number of legal hurdles it must clear.
State officials said there is no statute of limitations for pursuing collection of an overpayment. However, the state has one year to establish that an overpayment was made to a person.
For example, it must have proof by 1999 that a 1998 overpayment that it wants to collect occurred. State officials said there is also a six-year limit on pursuing a civil action, such as filing a lawsuit.
Dufresne said those who think they have been targeted for overpayments in error can appeal to state hearing officers.
But Shannon Liss-Riordan, an employment rights lawyer in Boston, said it's inherently unfair to go back so far into a person's past to collect a debt. It would be difficult for people to defend themselves because few keep records for that long.
Advertisement
“It's not realistic to expect people are going to be able to challenge it,” Liss-Riordan said. “Who's going to be able to pull out evidence from 30 years ago? You're only supposed to hold onto your tax returns for something like seven years.”
Massachusetts could not provide data about the number of overpayments in each year, including how many date beyond 20 years.
Officials said more than 20 percent of the overpayments, totaling $29 million, occurred within the last year, after the state's launch of a new and problem-plagued online computer system to manage unemployment claims. Those problems delayed benefits for thousands of unemployed workers.
Additionally, the new system erroneously mailed bills to some workers claiming they owed the state for past overpayments; some people even had unemployment benefits cut as a result of the mistakes. One Dracut man received a bill for $45,000, which state officials later acknowledged to them was a mistake.
Dufresne said the majority of the billing errors related to the computer system were resolved before the latest robocall collection effort was launched.
They said about 40 percent of the 63,000 people receiving messages were overpaid as a result of alleged fraud.
In most cases, they might not have reported partial earnings during a period when they were collecting full unemployment benefits. Massachusetts allows people to work part-time and still collect benefits, but the unemployment checks are adjusted to reflect those earnings.
Some states have stepped up collection activities after the enactment of a 2011 federal law that allowed garnishment of federal tax refunds to recover overpayments of unemployment benefits. The same law removed a 10-year limit on collections.
Oregon recently began seeking to recover overpayments dating back 10 years from 16,000 claimants. Colorado collected $20 million between 2012 and 2013 of more than $100 million the state says it is owed. Illinois recently attempted to recoup $2 million in overpayments to scores of prisoners.
Research by the National Employment Law Project, however, shows that workers are more likely to lose out on unemployment benefits that are underpaid or improperly denied than they are to benefit from overpayments because of fraud.
In 2010, about $2.2 billion in benefits was erroneously reduced or denied by states; overpayment because of fraud totaled about $1.6 billion.
Megan Woolhouse can be reached at megan.woolhouse-@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @megwoolhouse
Poor old Craigypops. They were so looking forward to X: Rebirth. But wot they got was a buggy mess of a poorly conceived game, and one in such a state they couldn't see a way out for the project. Developers Egosoft are hoping otherwise, and have released a trailer explaining the fixes and changes that are new in the next patch.
With a minuscule metascore of 33, and not a single mark out there reaching even 5/10, it's fair to say that X:Rebirth has been at the very least a critical disaster. Players haven't been too delighted either. The developers say they are “listening to feedback”. That can't be fun.
The game's getting a logbook, so people can keep track of what's going on, and improvements to trading information. They've also brought in X3's target locking, which apparently a lot of people were asking for.
However, it's hard to imagine how small tweaks like these can save the game. The issue seems to go a lot deeper here, and it does seem like they may want to consider focusing their efforts on X5, rather than trying to salvage something from this wrecked ship. Is the above enough to have you consider giving it another chance?
Los Angeles, CA - On Friday, July 3, an interview was posted on the London, U.K. based website, City A.M. ( www.cityam.com ) with quotes attributed to boxing superstar Gennady “GGG” Golovkin.
Golovkin did not conduct this “interview” containing fabricated quotes from him. The quotes were also been picked up by numerous other media outlets.
“These are not my words in this interview, “ said Golovkin.
“It's unfortunate that this interview was posted online and considered by many to be Gennady's quotes, none of which are their statements,” said Tom Loeffler of K2 Promotions.
“We are currently conducting negotiations for Gennady's next fight and will not be commentating on any speculation about opponents. We understand the extraordinary interest worldwide in Gennady and look forward to making an official announcement at the appropriate time,” concluded Loeffler.
Golovkin is recognized as the world's most dominant boxer. The middleweight world champion has compiled a record of 33-0 with 30 stoppages, a knockout percentage of 91% -- the highest in middleweight division history and has now recorded 20 straight knockouts.
The memories of Tim Chandler and Tim Ream in U.S. national team uniforms aren't great ones, or all that recent, but both just might earn looks in the U.S. pre-World Cup camp.
U.S. SOCCER LATEST
When the Devils announced the hiring of John MacLean as their new head coach yesterday, a few thoughts ran through my mind. The first thought was that the team had finally decided on a coach, and now general manager Lou Lamoriello could worry about the impending free agent market and the upcoming NHL draft. The second thought was one of expectation, wondering how we'll see a great offensive player improve a lackluster Devils attack. And the third was one of worry, that maybe hiring an unproven coach in a room full of veterans wasn't the best decision. Even with my doubts, I believe “Johnny Mac” was the best fit for the job.
Throughout May, a mini-drama played out through the local newspapers, chronicling the issues within the Devils locker room. First came Jamie Langenbrunner's displeasure after being a healthy scratch in a game against the Carolina Hurricanes. Then, after their playoff loss to the Flyers, some members of the team voiced frustration at the way the coaching staff handled situations. Even former players sounded off on the situation. As the “he said” built, ex-coach Jacques Lemaire responded with their own “he said”, coming out and defending their decisions. The Devils locker room was clearly fractured, and there was no way the team could welcome back Lemaire to coach next season.
Enter MacLean, who should begin to fix these issues. The former Devil spent seven seasons as an assistant, where they were able to run the bench twice. And, as we all know, MacLean went down and coached the former Lowell Devils to their first AHL playoff berth in 10 years. Not only that, but the players responded well to them as a coach. As Zach Parise said yesterday, Lowell players told the NHL players they liked MacLean. They already have the approval of both Parise and Langenbrunner, and they seem to be the guy to address the locker room issues. They seem to be more attuned to players' needs, while at the same time demanding the respect necessary for a head coach. I think he'll more clearly define the role players, and they're probably won't be confusion that could have led to dissension in the locker room.
I expect MacLean to vastly improve the Devils offensive play. MacLean was always a good offensive player, and the Devils need that mentality to fully take advantage of their talent. Parise continued to shine last season, and Travis Zajac broke out. I would expect to see other role players, such as Brian Rolston and Patrik Elias, enjoy greater offensive success. As I talked about a few days ago, the Devils need to attack more and force their opponents into mistakes. With MacLean, I would expect to see a more aggressive forecheck and more puck possession. MacLean will probably give the scorers more creative freedom, and I've even expected an improvement in the powerplay.
The addition of Larry Robinson as top assistant will allow the Devils to continue their focus on solid two-way play. The Devils will never become a sloppy defensive team, even with the offensive-minded MacLean behind the bench. It's important to continue that philosophy. Most of the time, solid defensive play will lead to offensive opportunities, so it's good to see MacLean keeping Robinson on staff.
Continue reading to find out my overall conclusion of MacLean's hiring!
The Devils are in a transition period. They still have the old guard of Martin Brodeur, Elias and Colin White, who have led the team and won Stanley Cup championships. But there's also been an infusion of youth, especially in the past few years. Parise has risen to the top of the Devils offense, and Zajac continues to improve. Young players like Andy Greene have stepped up on the blue line. And waiting in the wings are proven rookies like Vladimir Zharkov and Matt Halischuk. With their AHL experience, MacLean fits the bill. As I said above, I believe they hold clout with the veterans of this team. But he'll also be able to relate to the rookies, an important aspect of a team ready to bring in some young talent.
Overall, the MacLean hiring was a good one. I've read some reviews implying loyalties were the reason for the hiring, but I don't feel that played a part in Lou's decision. Johnny Mac put in their time, working diligently behind the bench and in the minors to groom themselves for the opportunity. Hiring someone within the organization who understands the yearly expectations seems like an intelligent move to me. I think MacLean also proved their worth last season with Lowell. To lead a team continually gutted with NHL callups to 88 points and their first playoff berth in 10 years says something about their coaching abilities.
All of these factors lead me to believe MacLean deserved the reins. He'll face high expectations as a rookie coach, as the team has made the playoffs 13 years in a row. They'll be some bumps in the road, but I expect MacLean to succeed as head coach of the Devils.
Advertisements
Walt Flanagan, star of AMC's Comic Book Men, talks about which moment from the show made them laugh the hardest and the rarest item he's seen come into the store.
Q: You challenge the guys to perform stand up comedy at The Stash in Episode 403. Who do you think has the most potential as a stand up comedian?
A: Positively, without a doubt, Bryan. The other efforts were admirable and it's not easy to go up there and try to make people laugh – so I'm not disparaging Mike or Ming's efforts, but I think Bryan may have a leg up on the guys in the stand up department.
Q: Speaking of comedy, what moment from the series so far made you laugh out loud the hardest?
A: I'd have to go back to Season 2. It was when we had just gotten back from the auction [Season 2, Episode 2, “My Big Fat Geek Wedding”] and we were letting Robert Bruce tally up the booty that we had gotten. We had a bet going on for which team could bring back the better booty and Robert chose our stuff as more prize-worthy. Mike and Ming started arguing amongst each other and that's still my favorite moment. They turned on each other so quickly!
Q: On camera, you always seem focused on the bottom line… Has Comic Book Men attracted more customers to The Stash?
A: Yeah, definitely. We've had customers come in from different parts of the world. People were coming in from all over the country, and now it's all over the world. They catch the show and if they're making a trip to the East Coast, they make an effort to get to The Stash as well.
Q: Have you gotten used to all of the attention?
A: This season, I noticed the cameras the least compared to any other season. You kind of just get used to it, but you never forget they're there.
Q: What's been the rarest item you've seen come into the store?
A: We've had the baseball that was signed by the cast of Batman ‘66. That would be rare just because of the oddity of it all. We've had a case of kryptonite rocks come in, and we have a lot of stuff coming up this season that is super rare. Every week, there's something else so every time someone asks me this question, I have to change the answer.
Q: What is the rarest collectible you own? How did you acquire it?
A: I've got probably over 20,000 comics, but maybe a handful of them are really worth anything. Most of them are only sentimental value. I wasn't really around for the Silver Age, so I'm more of a Bronze Age person. One of the rarest ones was a DC Elseworlds 80-page giant that was never released in America because there was a story inside the book about Superbaby crawling inside a microwave. Copies got out to the U.K. and in the early days of eBay, someone had told me to go on the site. I hadn't even heard of eBay [at that time]. I had to send a check for it and I think I paid $400 for it. It's such a different world now with computers and buying comics.
Q: How is the Cryptozoic Man series coming along?
A: Cryptozoic Man is complete. The trade paperback just came out with all four issues from Dynamite. I'm super stoked about how it came out. I couldn't be happier with it.
Q: What comics are you reading right now?
A: I'm reading Harley Quinn, Deadpool, Batman and Guardians of the Galaxy.
Q: Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
A: Oh yeah! I loved it. It was so enjoyable and I didn't want it to end.
Q: You guys dress up a lot at The Stash – like for the Renaissance Fair [Season 3, Episode 16, “Knights of the Stash”] and Superman's 75th birthday [Season 3, Episode 9, “Superman's 75th”] – what has been your favorite get up so far?
A: I didn't partake in it, but I still have a soft spot for when Ming wore the wedding gown and Mike was Mr. Fantastic and they got married [Season 2, Episode 2, “My Big Fat Geek Wedding”].
Q: If you could only save one comic or collectible from The Stash, which would it be and why?
A: It'd have to be something easily carried. I guess it would be Ming.
Q: Well, that was unexpected!
A: [Laughs] As much grief as we give him, I wouldn't want them to perish in flames or anything. If there was a fire, I would get Ming and let the comics burn.
First off, this card is a behemoth of a card. I was shocked when I took it out of the box. more than 3 times the size of my old card. I didn't think it would fit. fortunately it did. After upgrading my power supply and my RAM I was ready to try them out. First impression made my jaw drop. Before I was running an AMD R9 255 2GB card and couldn't max everything in Farcry 2 AND still had a slight stuttering. I am VERY picky about performance. I loaded up the game and boom... it was smoother then an xbox 360. I pushed the graphics to the max they could possibly go and sure enough the gtx 770 tore it to shreds like it was nothing. my jaw was dropped and I smiled and said, "This is what I've been waiting for!" then I loaded up Skyrim and push every graphic detail I could find and maxed it out at 1920x1080 res. Once again this card powered ate it alive. perfect performance and not a single hiccup. There are better cards out there but the next card up from this one is the gtx 780 which is running about 659.99. almost twice what this one is. Sure there is a performance increase but not so much the id spend another 300 dollars for. I actually purchased a second 770 and out them in an SLI configuration. Two of these card costed about 780 dollars, roughly 100 more than a 780. two 770's will blow a single 780 out. So the biggest thing that stood out to me was how fast of a card you are getting for half the price of a 780. I would recommend this card to anyone who is looking to upgrade there card. Just keep in mind that (according to Nvidia) it needs a minimum 600 watt power supply to run it, so check your power supply before you buy it, you may need to upgrade that to if you are running an older system.
Read more
THERE is just something inherently creepy about a doll coming to life. I think it falls into the same category as clowns, kids and the elderly. Because they are supposed to be so benign or innocent, it becomes all the more warped and vulgar when they take a bloodthirsty bent.
The devil doll trope didn't start with Chucky. In fact, you could go back centuries via fairy tales and the golem mythology. In terms of cinema, you could start with The Devil Doll (1936) or Dead of Night (1946). However, we'll concentrate on films from the 1970s and adjacent decades.
So, here are the top demonic doll movie moments from the 1960s through the 80s. If there's any egregious omissions, please fill me in, and let's make this list grow!
15. CHILD'S PLAY (1988)
Woefully cheesy, this film just doesn't do anything for me. However, I recognize it's earned its place on the list of evil dolls, so here's Chucky. Moving right along….
14. THE AMITYVILLE HORROR (1979)
This one is in on down the list because it's really not a demonic doll at all. The camera just lingers on it during a particularly tense scene (the director was supposedly making a statement about racism – whatever). For years I remembered this doll having glowing red eyes, until I re-watched it in the late eighties. Evidently, this is a common remembrance among Gen Xers. What gives?
In the film, there are glowing red eyes… but not from the doll. Plus, there was a particularly horrifying episode of In Search Of… (hosted by Leonard Nimoy) which DID feature a doll with glowing red eyes. Mystery solved.
13. THE TWILIGHT ZONE (1963)
“The Living Doll” episode where the doll tells Telly Savalas “My name is Talking Tina and I'm going to kill you!”
12. BROTHERHOOD OF SATAN (1971)
A tyke's baby doll goes on a murderous rampage. The term “troubling” doesn't quite cover it.
11. JOE 90 (1968)
Gerry Anderson's supermarionation was always a little bit creepy (Thunderbirds, Supercar, Stingray), but they kicked it up a notch with JOE 90 (and Captain Scarlet). The vacant stares still haunt me. Why is it scary? It's about the Uncanny Valley Principle.
10. TOURIST TRAP (1979)
“Slausen's Lost Oasis” operated by Chuck Connors, the maniacal manikin maker. It's every bit as stupid as it sounds, but their creations are downright scary.
9. THE TWILIGHT ZONE (1962)
“The Dummy” episode featuring Cliff Robertson and their murderous ventriloquist dummy from hell.
8. BARBARELLA (1968)
Jane Fonda is tied up and attacked by leaping, biting alien piranha dolls. Not near as sexy as it sounds.
7. JOEY (1985)
From the director of Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow comes this odd tale involving a particularly evil ventriloquist doll named Fletcher who does with their eyes what Sith Lords do with their fingers.
6. ALFRED HITCHCOCK PRESENTS
“The Glass Eye” episode (with Captain Kirk) where a midget pretends to be a ventriloquist dummy.
5. MAGIC (1978)
Anthony Hopkins' bloodthirsty ventriloquist doll, Fats doesn't take a liking to Ann Margaret or Burgess Meredith.
4. BLACK DEVIL DOLL FROM HELL (1984)
This dummy makes Chucky look like a Care Bear. The grainy film and Casio soundtrack make it seem like a puppet snuff film.
3. POLTERGEIST (1982)
This is what nightmares are made of, folks.
2. TRILOGY OF TERROR (1975)
Generation X sat down in front of The Movie of the Week expecting the typical lame affair…. and walked away with a lifetime of trauma.
1. ESCALOFRIO (1978)
This Spanish film will forever haunt me. Only The Exorcist and The Omen can claim to have imbued an equal level of satanic chills in their films. Watch at your own peril – I'm still wrestling with the evil that this godforsaken film brought to my world…. and that godforsaken doll (shiver)…. best to move on.
Share This Matt Cahill was diagnosed with testicular cancer at age 22, just months after they married their now wife, Heidi Cahill. Just a few years later, Heidi learned they had breast cancer at 31. The married couple of Fall Church, VA, both survived their encounter with cancer. But due to the extensive treatments, they can no longer conceive a child. Having a lifelong dream of being parents, Matt and Heidi Cahill have since set up a fundraising page asking for help in raising money to adopt a child.
A cancer diagnosis is harrowing at any age, but for young couples, the disease can come with an extra heartbreaking complication: infertility.
Matt and Heidi Cahill, a married couple in Falls Church, VA, have a more extensive experience with cancer-related infertility than most couples touched by cancer: Both are cancer survivors. Matt was diagnosed and treated for testicular cancer at age 22, just months after they and Heidi were married. Then a few years later, Heidi learned they had breast cancer. They were just 31.
“It was surreal. It was just an out-of-body experience, hearing those words and hearing those words for a second time,” Heidi said in a recent video posted to the couple's YouCaring.com fundraising page.
Today, they're both healthy and happy to be alive, but there's something missing: children. The Cahills were trying to conceive when Heidi got their diagnosis. As you'd expect, the cancer news changed everything.
As Heidi underwent treatment, they decided to prepare a ready answer to the (many) curious people asking them if (and how) the couple was going to have kids. “We haven't decided yet and are just focusing on me being healthy and defining our new normal,” was their new “elevator pitch,” they explained in a 2014 blog post.
The fact that both battled cancer at one point has created major obstacles, both physical and financial, on their journey to parenthood. Before Matt began cancer treatment, they banked their sperm. When the couple was ready to conceive, they tried it the old fashioned way for about six months. When that didn't work, they chalked it up to Matt's cancer history and decided to pursue in-vitro fertilization with Matt's stored sperm. It still didn't work. Not long after a fourth IVF cycle proved unsuccessful, Heidi received their cancer diagnosis and, soon after, another diagnosis that helped explain the failed IVF attempts — endometriosis and ovarian cysts.
Heidi had surgery to treat the endometriosis and remove the cysts, but with chemotherapy treatment on the horizon, they had a difficult decision to make: would they take hormonal medication to bank eggs and try IVF again in the future? It was no easy choice. To bank their eggs, Heidi would have to delay chemotherapy treatment. They would also run the risk that the hormonal medication necessary for egg banking would strengthen their particular form of cancer, know as triple positive breast cancer.
The risk, the couple decided, wasn't worth it.
“More than we want to be biological parents, we want to be parents who will be around for our child's life as long as possible. It was a struggle for both of us — in some ways more difficult than our struggles with cancer — but we supported each other every step of the way,” they wrote on their fundraising page.
The Cahills decided that they would instead grow their family through adoption. Their fundraising page? That's to help them raise money to do it. Both have good jobs, but they need the money because between their cancer treatments and the failed IVF cycles, they drained their savings three times. They estimate that adopting will cost them between $40,000 and $50,000, including adoption agency fees, adoption training classes, birth mother expenses, and more.
In addition to the expenses, adoption can be a long and arduous process … but the Cahills say they're prepared for that.
“We don't mind the duration or the difficulty,” they wrote on their page. “[L]ife has taught us the most wonderful things come from persistence, patience, and hope.”
Article Posted 3 years Ago
29 SHARES Share Tweet
Gunman shoots multiple people at Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs.
White U.S. Senator says terrorists “look more like me” than Middle Easterners, stating, “They are generally white males, who have shot up people in movie theaters and schools.”
Glosswitch on women's reproductive rights. “It's the whole ball game.”
“The trouble with reproductive choice isn't that most of us are in mourning over embryos gone to waste. It's that, if you really believe in it, you have to give people with uteruses the final say in who gets to be born, 100% of the time. That's quite a big deal; men know it's a big deal. After all, it means admitting that some people with uteruses can do something that no one with a penis ever can. Patriarchy, in seeking to establish paternity as the central social relationship, cannot allow for this. Instead we are meant to think that babies develop not with the help of the flesh and blood of the person who gestates them, but solely from men's seed or, in our more progressive age, partly of their seed, partly of hers. As Barbara Katz Rothman points out, in such a system ‘children […] might as well have grown in the backyard.' So why not treat women as mere potting soil?”
India's marital rape crisis reaches “tragic proportions.”
Women share stories about what men do to them after their sexual advances are rejected.
Twenty-eight people on the lesbian culture artifacts that changed their lives.
Powerful Twitter feed (#CountingDeadWomen) posts the names of women killed by men in the UK every five minutes.
Here are 10 easy ways for men to smash the gender binary!
29 SHARES Share Tweet
Susan Cox is a feminist writer and academic living in the United States. They teach in Philosophy.
If you haven't noticed, your fellow Americans are somewhat pissed about our political situation. No, I take it back -- they're mad as hell. Back in August, I was mad as hell too. I watched in disgust as Washington's debt ceiling debacle grew from a tremor into an earthquake -- one that tore deep fissures in our confidence as a nation to get anything done.
What made it even more frustrating for me, and everyone that I spoke to in late summer of 2011, was that there was little one could do about it but lose your temper. Which of course, I did.
Then, I watched as a funny thing began to happen. Something unexpected, but something so necessary. A summer of simmering frustration turned into a September of action.
People woke up. And then, finally, they began to fight back.
Occupy Wall Street began as a great experiment, with people camping out in Zuccotti Park in downtown New York, sparking a worldwide movement of protests and tent cities. Occupiers had discussions about the future of our economy with a Nobel laureate economist. They echoed back the guidance of spiritual leaders who came to offer words of encouragement. They built a library, they cooked for each other, and they fed the homeless. All of those were noble achievements.
But the most critical thing Occupy Wall Street achieved was this: they lit the match that reignited a national conversation about the link between global inequality and government corruption.
Then something else happened. Members of Congress began introducing bills to fight corruption.
We were inspired to begin work on a project to attack the nefarious influence of money in our political system. As a result, the Get Money Out project was born. It's a project where we band together, using the best of our collective resources, to ban money from the political process. We recognized early on that this couldn't be done in the usual way -- it had to be a national movement. And that's exactly what happened. Over 300,000 of us are now on board, and we've started the "Great 28 Debate" on ratifying a 28th amendment to the Constitution.
There are now 13 different Constitutional amendments being proposed by various groups and politicians, all focused on money and politics. One Republican Presidential nominee, Buddy Roemer, has based their entire campaign on the corrupting influence of big money. Tea Party advocates like Mark Meckler have come on board. Celebrities and entertainers are committing their resources, from Steven Van Zandt to The Goo Goo Dolls to Russell Simmons. And business leaders, like my friend Landon Rowland, former Kansas City Southern Railroad CEO, and Charlie Kolb, President of the Committee for Economic Development (the organization that wrote the original Marshall Plan), are starting to make waves.
For the first time, this is more than just hopeful chatter about a nationwide movement. We're seeing concrete, determined action on the local level. The city of Los Angeles has now passed a resolution demanding Congress pass a Constitutional amendment saying that "only living, breathing human beings are afforded Constitutional rights." We expect many towns and cities to follow suit.
In the past, I've likened this effort to "Climbing Everest." While we have some strong momentum, climbing Everest is no joke. If you and I aspire to be change agents in our society, we must enlist ourselves in a campaign to get money out of politics. As our friend Lawrence Lessig said on The Daily Show this week, "money is the root, and unless we find rootstrikers who are willing to strike at that root, we're never going to fix the problem."
Many of you have signed our petition at Get Money Out. Over the next few months, we need your help to expand this into a full-fledged movement. It is only possible if we enlist each other to work towards this singular goal. We will do that by exposing the auction, advocating municipal resolutions, and convincing our elected representatives to debate and ratify a 28th Amendment to separate business and state.
We also have to put this message everywhere we can. For every school or university that has a student council, that student council should call upon Congress to pass a Constitutional amendment to get money out. If you belong to a local Democratic or Republican club, same deal. If you own shares in a company, call investor relations and tell them how you feel. We can apply direct pressure to state pension managers to do the same thing, as some are starting to do, like New York City's Public Advocate, Bill de Blasio.
And let's not be fooled. Our very own Supreme Court says the Constitution allows corporations to spend unlimited secret funds in elections. Our elected officials are only too happy to use that for their benefit, while the voice of the individual voter is increasingly -- and dangerously -- silenced. President Obama and Mitt Romney are happily scooping up money from Wall Street, while Buddy Roemer, who refuses to take anything but small individual donations from voters, is being shut out. Not only by the Republican establishment, but by the national media who have refused to give them a spot in the GOP presidential debates.
Nevertheless, we can do this. We will do this. Abandon the psychology of what we are going to do, and embrace the psychology of what we are doing.
Behold, the 13 amendments in The Great 28 Debate. Every one of them is depending on us to turn them from a fantasy into a reality.
1) Rep. Ted Deutch - OCCUPIED Amendment (or Outlawing Corporate Cash Undermining the Public Interest in our Elections and Democracy)
Introduced by Congressman Ted Deutch (D-Fla.), the amendment reverses Citizen's United by stating that corporations are not people under the Constitution, and that corporations are barred from making election-related expenditures. It authorizes Congress and the states to regulate all election contributions and expenditures, and reaffirms Congress' right to regulate corporations.
2) Sen. Bernie Sanders - Saving American Democracy Amendment
Senator Bernie Sanders introduced an amendment in the Senate that mirrors the OCCUPIED amendment in the House. Introducing this "companion bill" in the Senate allows both houses of Congress to begin debate on the same bill without having to wait for the other to pass it. Learn more. Read the amendment.
3) Cenk Uygur, Wolf PAC - Wolf PAC Amendment
Wolf PAC, a group started by progressive TV and radio host Cenk Uygur, reverses corporate personhood and prohibits corporations from giving to any politician. The amendment also sets a cap of $100 on all political donations and it establishes a public system to fund political campaigns. Read the amendment.
4) Senator Tom Udall - Udall Amendment
Senator Tom Udall (D-N.M.) along with eight other Democratic Senators proposed an amendment that gives Congress the power to regulate all money spent on campaigns and outside political groups such as Super PACs. It allows states to regulate state elections in the same manner. It would clear the way for Congress to pass reform legislation that would limit spending and would withstand a challenge in the Supreme Court. Read the amendment.
5) Rep. Jim McGovern and Free Speech for People - The People's Right's Amendment
Congressman Jim McGovern (D-Mass.) introduced the amendment with the support of Free Speech for People, a non-profit group that aims to end corporate personhood. The amendment states that people or persons as used in the Constitution does not include corporations and that corporations are subject to regulation by the people through their elected representatives. Read the amendment.
6) Public Citizen - Democracy is for People Amendment
Pursued by the non-profit group Public Citizen, the amendment would reverse the Citizen's Uniteddecision and permit Congress to regulate political spending by corporations. The amendment has not been drafted into specific language, but is based on a set of core principles. Read those principles and get more information.
7) Russell Simmons - Simmons Amendment
Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons announced support for an amendment in a speech to Occupy Boston protesters. The amendment establishes public funding of political campaigns and prohibits any political contributions from any source. It gives Congress the authority to design and enforce the public funding system. Read the full text of the amendment. Watch Simmons' speech.
8)Rep. Donna Edwards - Edwards Amendment
Introduced by Representative Donna Edwards (D-Md.), the amendment would overturn theCitizen's United Supreme Court ruling by allowing Congress to regulate political spending by corporations.
9) Rep. Kurt Schrader - Schrader Amendment
Introduced by Representative Kurt Schrader (D-Ore.), the amendment authorizes Congress and the states to regulate the contribution of all funds to candidates and the expenditure of funds to influence elections. Read the amendment.
10) Rep. Marcy Kaptur - Kaptur Amendment
Introduced by Representative Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio), the amendment authorizes Congress and the states to set limits on the contributions that may be accepted by and the expenditures that may be made in support or in opposition to candidates running for public office.
11) Move to Amend - Move to Amend
A group opposed to corporate personhood, Move to Amend, has proposed an amendment that would overturn Citizen's United by affirming that corporations are not people and can be regulated, and that money is not speech and can be regulated.
12) Get Money Out - Get Money Out Amendment
The amendment was proposed by the Get Money Out organization, which was started by MSNBC host Dylan Ratigan, and became a part of United Republic in late 2011. The amendment prohibits corporations from making political donations and affirms that political donations are not speech, which allows Congress to regulate them. It also makes election day a federal holiday.
13) Lawrence Lessig - Lessig Amendment
Lawrence Lessig, Harvard professor and founder of Rootstrikers, which joined forces with United Republic in late 2011, introduced an amendment that prohibits corporations from contributing money to any candidate, limits campaign contributions to $100, and gives Congress the power to regulate outside campaign spending. It also establishes Election Day as a national holiday.
As soon as my husband and I moved across the street from the Iglesia Pentecostal, I knew I wanted to help the little Latin church. There was just so much about it to like. A church is part of what makes a place a community, and that's important. Plus, this church occupied the oldest storefront in our corner of Williamsburg, and the aging churchgoers in their faded down jackets sipping coffee and speaking Spanish felt really authentic. That meant a lot after the bad experiences I'd had with fake upscale stuff. I won't get too into it, but not far from our previous apartment was a holistic veterinary clinic. They called themselves “alternative,” but ask them if they could save a sack of oysters you bought from a raw bar and they sounded an awful lot like the vets at “regular” clinics. At any rate, I didn't know exactly how I'd make my presence known to the churchgoers. But I was certain that somehow I would make an impact on their simple, poetic, passionate lives of quiet, soulful endurance.
In preparation, I decided to read the great works of modern Latin-American literature. I only got through two, because magic realism gave me a recurring nightmare that I was being strangled by a rainbow, but what mattered was that I made the effort. I always made the effort when it came to that church. Once, a woman at the farmer's market pressured me into buying persimmons. I left them by the church door, and the next day they were gone, so I assume some parishioner made jelly. I also gave the church's address to a really good bilingual d.j. I met at a tapas bar. And I never got mad even though every single Sunday morning we had to put up with hymns and an electric guitar. Sure, the church woke me up, but someday it might wake me up from a nightmare of being strangled by a rainbow. It's all in how you look at things.
Then the church woke us up on a Saturday. And it wasn't hymns. It was an endless series of metallic clanks.
My husband, Danny, groaned and pulled a pillow over their head. They had tossed and turned for most of the night, and it was my fault. Right before we went to bed, I asked whether you can compost palm fronds, which, it turns out, is a complicated question even when it's hypothetical.
When I peeked out the window, I saw an old man inside the church gate holding a hammer. Someone had chained a bicycle to the other side of the gate, and they were trying to break the lock. This was my moment. In the months since we'd arrived, no one from the church had ever spoken to me. No one had even thanked me for the jelly. Making my way downstairs, I decided that I would introduce myself, get the man to stop banging, and recite a poem by Pablo Neruda.
“Hi. I'm Gina. Could you please stop doing that?”
They shook the bike frame. “This is locked here how long?”
Seeing them up close, you could tell that they knew everything about beauty, pain, and loss. What was the time to a man like that? Maybe the bike had been locked less than a second ago. Or maybe it had been here for a thousand years.
I did my best. “For as long as . . . love?”
“Three days!” they said. “I get sued. If someone walks and trips over, I get sued.” They slammed their open hand onto a white piece of paper taped to the gate. “I have a sign,” they said. In ballpoint pen, it read, “Bikes Not Allow on Gates.” They raised the hammer again. Clank! “This neighborhood is no good,” they said.
“If you could just wait a couple of hours . . .”
“No!”
“People are sleeping.”
“You go to bed early next time.”
And then I said it. “My husband is sick.”
Everything stopped. “Your husband is sick?”
“Yes.”
“I will pray for him.” They dropped the hammer into a bag and gave me a gentle smile.
“That's not necessary.”
They bowed. “I will pray for their sickness to end.”
I wasn't sure what to say. I thought the polite thing was to offer an enchanting story about an injured parrot who's given new tin wings by the daughter of a general, but I didn't know any. So I considered my budding friendship with the old man and how I couldn't let its foundation be built on a lie. Then I turned around and went home.
Back in bed, my husband threw a sleepy arm around me and said, “Great job, hon.”
“Thanks, sweetie.”
For the next few weeks, whenever I walked past the church, I pretended that my husband was sick. It wasn't hard. I tended to look sad at the time, because I was breaking in a new pair of ankle boots.
Whenever I saw the old man, I would say, “I'm the one whose husband is sick.”
Then they would say, “He is in our prayers.”
That was it. And I loved it. Sometimes the man's eyes would wander to the abandoned bike, which still leaned against the gate. At other times, he'd walk back into the church and close the door. Either way, I was pretty sure they had taught me an essential lesson about the human condition. The way they moved. The way they sighed. The way they gripped the hammer and waved it when I jumped in a cab and yelled from the window that my husband was sick as I drove off to brunch. I was learning the meaning of words I'd thought I understood. Family. Blood. Earth. Every day at dusk, I had a strong desire to pick up a handful of soil and let it sift slowly through my fingers while I thought about mortality. Unfortunately, I had a lot of phone meetings, so I couldn't get to it for a while. But when my schedule finally opened up I went to the park and I did it. I did it over and over again.
I still had dirt on my hands when I got back to our street and saw the old man chatting with my husband. Danny was dressed in their running clothes and had taken out the bolt cutters we keep in the basement. As the two of them talked, they snipped the chain locking the bike to the church gate. They shook hands and laughed about something.
When they saw me, Danny yelled, “Gina!” Then I heard them say, “That's my wife, Gina.”
I was a liar and the old man knew it. Horrified, I ran. I ran and I didn't stop until I got to a mid-century-furniture store with a Saarinen womb chair and climbed in. When the owner of the shop asked me to take my feet off the seat, I ducked into the hip bar next door. It was designed to look like a turn-of-the-century New York saloon and I ordered every cocktail on the menu that contained something “muddled.” A pub quiz was going on in the back room. I yelled out the answer to a question about Wu-Tang Clan, then stumbled into a nearby boutique and bought a ring made from an old typewriter key. I was humiliated. I was bingeing. I bought an LP of music I already owned on my computer and had previously owned on audiotape. I drank coffee you stir with a special bamboo paddle that's sold separately. Then I hit another bar designed to look like turn-of-the-century New York and ordered every cocktail on the menu that contained something “clarified.”
It was almost dawn when I got home. I knew Danny was out looking for me. Before I went upstairs, I did something terrible. I pulled my bike out and I locked it to the church gate.
A couple of hours later, the clanks started. I finally got some sleep. ♦
With Halloween just around the corner, eldritch tales of bone chilling terror abound. Oh noes! Razors in apples, Liquid-Plumr-laced chocolate, and the worst of all: DRUGS!
Within these stories lies a warning, an ancient morality fable: Nothing is free, and with greed comes a risk. There have only been two cases nationwide from 1958 to 1988 of children dying from eating tainted trick or treats, including one kid who was murdered by their own father with a strychnine-flavored Pixie Stix. Yet the stories continue because they prey upon our fears: Our spawn will be destroyed by (choose one or more):
Greed
Freedom
Outsiders/The Other ( i.e.: pagans, hippies, Commies, Jews, Catholics, Baptists, Buddhists, Muslims, atheists, amoralists, immoralists, Republicans, Democrats, foreigners, who live down the block)
Well, just in time to scare people about Prop 19, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's office issued a warning about medibles, medical marijuana in candy form. The Los Angeles Times reports:
Investigators have confiscated candies and snacks containing pot from marijuana dispensaries, and they are concerned such items could wind up in children's trick-or-treat bags, they said Friday in a statement.
Local Los Angeles TV station KTLA–owned by the LA Times parent company Tribune–showed medibles which were clearly decorated with pot leaves and had names like “Kush Candy.”
WTF!? At $10 to $20 a medible snack, who the heck is gonna be giving out those candies?
Officials say pot treats, such as candy bars and lollipops are sold in marijuana dispensaries and could be circulating around. “These lollipops, candy bars, they look pretty legitimate. The problem is if it gets in the wrong hands and a kid licks a lollipop, they get ill or intoxicated,” said Cpt. Ralph Ornelas of the L.A. County Sheriff's Department. Some treats look like regular cookies or candy, but they don't smell normal. Another clue, many of the products are not clearly labeled (my note: they aren't very commercial looking compared to say Tootsie Pops or Snickers bars).
Both stories did add that the Sheriff's Department:
says it has never received a report of candy or snacks containing pot being distributed to Halloween trick-or-treaters.
This is fear mongering at its finest. Oh how I wish Lee Baca was up for re-election. I would be leading the move to get them out of office!
The warning comes days before Californians vote on Proposition 19, the marijuana legalization measure. Sheriff Lee Baca opposes the proposition and has said they will continue to arrest marijuana growers even if it is approved.
Props to KTLA's reporter who asked if opposition to Prop 19 had anything to do with the news alert. The on-camera deputy said the sheriff's department was just concerned about public safety. Note that in this photo, courtesy of the LASD, along wth pot leaf logos, you can clearly see the word
WARNING
on the candy. I'd file this under pot-hating propaganda.
Okay, Snow White's stepmom handed them a poisoned apple, giving second marriages and witches a bad name, and there was one time on record that pot was passed out to trick or treaters. But that was an accident. Snopes.com reports:
An odd act of randomness occurred in the town of Hercules, California (near San Francisco) in 2000. Some trick-or-treaters came home with little packets of marijuana done up to look like miniature Snickers bars…Police investigated and were satisfied the homeowner had no knowledge of the special contents of certain bars that were handed out that night. The marijuana packets dressed up to look like Snickers bars had landed in the Hercules dead letter office because whoever had tried to mail a package containing them either didn't use enough postage or had listed an incorrect address…A postal employee (the mystified homeowner) brought the “candy” home to give out on Halloween, thinking the Snickers bars were, well, Snickers bars.
Had pot been legal, this would never have happened. Maybe some news stories about the high rate of childhood diabetes and obesity would be more on the mark, or a feel good story about alternatives to candy, like pencils, disposable tattoos or maybe even used kids books bought in bulk from thrift shops?
Side note: Since 1983 I have been doing an annual experiment. On the day before Halloween, I go to the market, sometimes with a friend, sometimes alone. The set up varies, but the goal is the same, to see how awake people are. I always make sure to dress as square as possible and cover my tattoos. Glasses add an air of respectability and further the “normal” vibe. Thus costumed as a typical suburban mom and carrying a couple sacks of candy or a bag of apples, I'll ask a clerk and/or a fellow shopper if they know what aisle the Drano is on. Then I'll ask where the sewing needles can be found. If I'm with a friend, while standing near some people, I'll matter of factly ask:
I've got the candy, could you snag the Raid and some razor blades?
Or I'll buy a a couple of the above items along with bags of fun-sized chocolate bars–I mean you can always use single edge blades to cut out decoupage designs, and gods know buttons come loose and hems fall out…
Granted, I'm not expecting the store manager to give me the third degree or be swarmed in the parking lot by the LAPD, but maybe a raised eyebrow, a gasp…Today I was at the airport purposefully holding my arriving guest's name card inverted, and four people stopped to tell me it was upside down. You'd think–
I may be a bit of a prankster, but what Lee Baca and the LAPD sheriff's office did with that warning–which only served the sheriff's own antediluvian agenda–was ridiculous and only furthers a myth which has been repeatedly debunked.
WEST NYACK – Clarkstown officials on Tuesday dedicated the first solar energy farm to be located on a capped landfill in the state.
The 2.3 megawatt system, with 4,300 panels on a 13-acre site, is expected to generate three-million kilowatt hours of electricity, providing about one-third of town government's electricity needs and offsetting over 2,000 tons of carbon emissions every year, according to town officials. Clarkstown's annual electric bill is some $2 million.
Town Supervisor Alexander Gromack said the landfill project is “literally turning trash into treasure.”
Orange and Rockland Utilities Vice President for Operations Francis Peverly told a group at a groundbreaking event that O&R was “very supportive of innovative technologies.”
They said there are some 1,200 solar installations on the O&R electric system today, generating about 20 megawatts of electricity. About 450 of those 1,200 installations are in Rockland County.
Microsoft reported bumper quarterly sales of its Windows Vista operating system and Office software and said anti-piracy efforts were improving results at an above-average rate. "It's clear that this new product cycle is paying off," said Andy Miedler, technology analyst at Edward Jones. "We're impressed that they had enough confidence to follow thorough and raised guidance. They continue seeing the business being healthy for the remainder of the fiscal year."
But Chief Financial Officer Chris Liddell told Reuters in an interview the company was "a little cautious" about second-half sales in North America. "We're probably a little cautious in the back half of the year, but that's made up for in the other parts of the (global) economy," they said. "Even if we shave a few percentage points off, we think the overall level of growth is still very healthy." Net profit in Microsoft's fiscal second quarter rose to $US4.7 billion, or 50 US cents per diluted share, from $US2.6 billion, or 26 US cents per diluted share, in the year-ago period. Revenue rose 30 per cent to $US16.37 billion.
Analysts, on average, had forecast 46 US cents per share on revenue of $US15.94 billion, according to Reuters Estimates. The second-quarter revenue and profit growth rates are exaggerated by results a year before, when Microsoft deferred more than $US1 billion in net income due to delays in releasing Vista and Office 2007, which hit stores in early 2007.
For the fiscal year ending in June, Microsoft lifted its outlook. It now expects earnings per share to range between $US1.85 and $US1.88 per share, up from its previous estimate of $US1.78 to $US1.81. Wall Street, on average, had projected $US1.81. It boosted its revenue outlook to between $US59.9 billion and $US60.5 billion, up from $US58.8 billion to $US59.7 billion before. "I think (the forecast) is pretty strong. Microsoft often sets the bar low for itself ... they are extremely conservative with regard to promising results (but) these numbers tell me that Microsoft is seeing strength in the pipeline," said Kim Caughey, senior analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
Microsoft has long argued its products are less sensitive to swings in technology spending because they account for a small, but essential, portion of overall spending by corporate customers. Caughey said Microsoft's business revenues may be less affected because their biggest business customers are buying site licenses, which are not dependent on how many people are in the building.
"The roll-out of Vista has included another tier of pricing aimed at business so they are going to get more revenue there. It may be for a lower number of seats but it's a higher dollar amount," they said. While Microsoft and other tech companies are sensitive to the economy, Miedler said Microsoft and software in general can be a bit more defensive, in part because the products they sell are designed to improve productivity and help cut costs. Microsoft posted strong Vista sales, helped by double-digit percentage growth rates in computer sales in the quarter. A strong performance for Windows drove Microsoft's first-quarter results, which far exceeded Wall Street's expectations.
For the current quarter, Microsoft said earnings per share would range between 43 US cents and 45 US cents per share on revenue ranging from $US14.3 billion to $US14.6 billion. Analysts, on average, had predicted 44 US cents a share on revenue of $US14.4 billion, according to Reuters Estimates.
Shares of Microsoft surged to their highest levels since 2001 after the September-quarter results. As of Wednesday's close, the stock had fallen more than 10 per cent since then, partly due to economic concerns and broader market declines. But in after-hours trade, Microsoft shares rose to $US34.75, after closing up four per cent in regular Nasdaq trade at $US33.25. Reuters
This War of Mine developer 11 Bit Studios has announced their next title: Frostpunk.
While the game has elements of steampunk within it, the game's creative director Michal Drozdowski describes it as “a deeply serious game created for a mature gamer.”
As per the game's dire and frozen environment, Drozdowski says the team is “putting human nature under a microscope to ask about what happens when people need to stay alive.”
Set for a release sometime next year for PC, we don't really know much else about Frostpunk, outside the above teaser trailer. Here's a brief synopsis on what to expect, via 11 Bit Studios:
In a completely frozen world, people develop steam-powered technology to oppose the overwhelming cold. Society in its current form becomes ineffective and it has to change in order to survive.
You may have heard that the famous Numbakulla sim was going to close early this month – well, last week it was saved from that fate, at least for now.
Caliandris Pendragon received enough donations to keep Numbakulla afloat for another month, and announced last week that it would remain open for at least that long. Of course, Ms Pendragon would greatly appreciate further donations from those wishing to see this site continue.
Hamlet, of New World Notes, wrote an obituary for the site today, but that is – for the moment – just a wee bit premature. The information is a week out of date, and Numbakulla is still open with visitors working their way through the game.
Share this: Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Print
Tags: Caliandris Pendragon, Hamlet Au, New World Notes, Numbakulla, Second Life, Virtual Environments and Virtual Worlds
Now playing: Watch this: Here's everything you need to know about the PS4 Pro
The long battle between gaming PCs and game consoles is over, and the PCs won.
At least they won the philosophical battle, with console giants Sony and Microsoft adopting major ideas from PC gaming into the formerly intractable console model. With the new slim PS4 and the upcoming PS4 Pro, as well as the Xbox One S and next year's Xbox Project Scorpio, console makers are suddenly looking very much like they're playing catchup with features and ideas PC gamers have enjoyed for years.
Why this change of heart? The long-standing console tradition was previously built around completely static hardware platforms that lived well past their prime, usually for five to seven years or more. That's an idea that dates all the way back to the original console days of the 1970s, as far back as the Atari 2600.
Back then, and up until the beginning of the 21st century, you could conceivably get away with putting a sealed box on a shelf in a store and essentially selling the same package over and over again for years (with a handful of once-in-a-blue-moon experimental add-ons, such as the Sega CD or the Xbox 360 HD-DVD drive). But today, in the wider electronics world outside of the game console market, everyone from makers of CPUs (the brains of the hardware) to GPUs (the all-important graphics processors) to Apple and Samsung is on a continual treadmill of incremental advances, churning out new hardware and supporting new features at an accelerated pace.
Sarah Tew/CNET
I've previously referred to this as the trap of the annual upgrade cycle. And while it does have its own set of problems (see the minimal differences between the last three iPhone models as an example), it's vastly preferable to the problem the last couple of game console generations had. New game console hardware already felt outdated compared to midlevel gaming PCs on Day 1, and then felt even more painfully outdated as the years wore on. It got to the point a couple of years ago where a $500 entry-level gaming PC such as the Alienware Alpha, with a very mainstream Nvidia GPU inside, could play new games at higher resolutions with better detail than the then-new Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles.
Scale it up, scale it down
PC gamers have always been able to scale their games and gaming budgets easily. An older computer can still play newer games, and a new computer can play games up to a decade or more old easily, and through lightly patched versions from Gog.com and others, access decades' worth of old PC games. If you had an older graphics card or processor, the resolution and detail settings would scale down. If you had newer hardware, games could ramp up to 4K resolution, or insane levels of detail -- and no one felt this was unique enough to host a special press conference about it.
Sarah Tew/CNET
What we have now, with the new Xbox and PlayStation models, is a blurring of the lines between the glacial pace of console hardware evolution and the swap-any-new-part-in-anytime model of desktop gaming PCs. (Gaming laptops are also largely locked into their hardware, but the newest laptops have desktop-level, VR-ready graphics, plus there's a promising new generation of external graphics add-on hardware that makes some gaming laptops more upgradable than ever.)
No more disposable game collections
The genius of this new console model is that the base platform remains the same. Before, trading up from an Xbox 360 to an Xbox One literally meant tossing your entire game collection, and even your controllers. (Microsoft, to its credit, later began adding Xbox One compatibility to some, but not all, Xbox 360 games via free software patches.)
Now, for example, the same game disc or download will run on an "old" PlayStation 4, a new PS4 Slim and a new PS4 Pro. Sony says all PS4 models will be getting compatibility with HDR, the "super contrast" mode available on many newer 4K TVs (albeit, as usual, only with supported content). But those same 4K TV owners can get better resolution from supported PS4 games from that new PS4 Pro, too. In other words, games scale to your hardware and budget, just as they have for PC gamers for decades.
Sarah Tew/CNET
Sony and Microsoft have finally figured out that the "throw everything away every five years" model is not going to work any longer, especially when people want to maintain some sense of platform continuity. No matter who makes my gaming PC and the components inside, if I've upgraded it 10 times, or if I initially spent $600 or $6,000 on it, I can still download the same game code from Steam or another online store and and play essentially the same game on the common Windows platform. Sony and Microsoft promise at least some of the same interoperability going forward, with both requiring game makers to make their new games work across all their current and coming-soon consoles.
Console gamers who can now choose between a $299 slim PS4 or Xbox One S, a more powerful $399 PS4 Pro, and next year's Project Scorpio, now have more options than ever before. It's still nowhere close to the variety, flexibility and interoperability we have seen every day in the CNET PC Testing Lab, but it's a good first taste, and I suspect console fans will find they want even more.
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Silicom (SILC) plunged to a 52-week low of $29.25 on Tuesday after the networking solutions company reported second-quarter earnings that came up well short of analysts' expectations.
Silicom reported earnings per share of 50 cents, which was 7 cents short of the Capital IQ consensus estimate of 57 cents a share. Revenue rose 14% year over year to $17.9 million but still missed the consensus estimate of $19.29 million. The company said "softer demand" in the second quarter led to a 6% sequential revenue decline.
The stock was down 23.02% to $30.04 at 12:15 p.m. More than 1.1 million shares had changed hands, which eclipsed the average volume of 63,556.
STOCKS TO BUY: TheStreet Quant Ratings has identified a handful of stocks that can potentially TRIPLE in the next 12 months. Learn more.
Separately, TheStreet Ratings team rates SILICOM LTD as a Buy with a ratings score of B. TheStreet Ratings Team has this to say about their recommendation:
"We rate SILICOM LTD (SILC) a BUY. This is driven by a few notable strengths, which we believe should have a greater impact than any weaknesses, and should give investors a better performance opportunity than most stocks we cover. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its robust revenue growth, largely solid financial position with reasonable debt levels by most measures, notable return on equity, impressive record of earnings per share growth and compelling growth in net income. We feel these strengths outweigh the fact that the company has had lackluster performance in the stock itself."
You can view the full analysis from the report here: SILC Ratings Report
STOCKS TO BUY: TheStreet Quant Ratings has identified a handful of stocks that can potentially TRIPLE in the next 12 months. Learn more.
Many people misuse these three terms, assuming that “Maya” is a singular noun, “Mayas” a plural noun, and “Mayan” an adjective. We at Yucatan Today have been guilty of this mistake more than once over time; but now that we have learned the correct protocol we are changing our magazine and website wherever possible. Many people misuse these three terms, assuming that “Maya” is a singular noun, “Mayas” a plural noun, and “Mayan” an adjective. We at Yucatan Today have been guilty of this mistake more than once over time; but now that we have learned the correct protocol we are changing our magazine and website wherever possible.
The fact is, the word “Maya” should be used in all three of the above situations. Here are some specific examples showing correct usage:
As a singular noun:  They are (a) Maya.
As a plural noun: They are Maya.
As an adjective: Maya astronomy, Maya calendar, Maya civilization, Maya clothing, Maya culture, Maya folklore, Maya food, Maya glyphs, Maya hairstyle, Maya heritage, Maya hieroglyphs, Maya pyramids, Maya religion, Maya ritual, Maya warfare.
The name of the spoken language: this is a little bit more complicated. “Mayan” refers to the family of 29 to 32 languages spoken by the Maya. However, there is one exception to this: according to The Open School of Ethnography and Anthropology, “The use of these words suddenly gets complicated…There is one Mayan language whose proper name is “Maya”! The native speakers of Yucatec Maya call their language Maya. Maya is the correct proper name of the language that they speak.”
So, at Yucatan Today, because we are usually referring to Yucatec Maya when we refer to the language spoken here, we will continue to call this language “Maya”.
More information: osea-cite.org/program/maya_or_mayans.php
One after the other officials at International Monetary Fund admit that the strict austerity program imposed to Greece was based on wrong assumptions, calculations, estimations, forecasts, multipliers and predictions A ‘mistake' that cost Greek households billions of euros. How many? Nobody dares to calculate or say exactly….
During the regular IMF press briefing on Thursday, Gerry Rice, External Relations Department of International Monetary Fund, made the following statement:
QUESTIONER: How are things going in Greece? What information do you have, if you could tell us?
MR. RICE: We just had the Board meeting two weeks ago, the approval of the next tranche of the loan to Greece, and the commitment by the Greek authorities and the partners to Greece, including the IMF, to move forward with that program. So that was just two weeks ago. I think we should give some time now for implementation to take place. Going back to what you asked earlier, the next mission will be assessing where we are. So I think at that time we'll be able to go into a bit more detail with you.
QUESTIONER: I want to ask about this report by Mr. Blanchard on January 3rd, if you remember. According to many media around the world, what they wrote — and I quote — “it's an amazing mea culpa.” The Washington Post even went further — and I quote again — The Washington Post said that, “the IMF's top economist acknowledged that the Fund blew its forecast for Greece and other European economies because it did not fully understand how government austerity efforts would undermine economic growth.” I know that Mrs. Lagarde spoke about it. But, can you tell us what is the IMF position on this report? Because Mr. Blanchard is the leading economist in this building.
MR. RICE: Thank you for the question. And you're right that both Olivier Blanchard and Christine Lagarde have talked about this issue at length. Let me set it in a bit of context for you: going way back to 2010, if we can cast our minds back, I think it's fair to say everyone was a bit too optimistic on forecasting Greece's recovery. Why? I think, as was explained — including in last week's interviews — there were a number of reasons. These included, the depth and the protracted nature of the European crisis itself, and the political crisis in Greece, which severely affected economic confidence, and delayed the implementation of reforms. So that was very important context for the way that people were thinking about the Greek program back in 2010. And this was the context that was emerging.
When it became apparent that the underlying conditions were different to what had been assumed, we certainly moved as fast as we could to update our multiplier assumption. I think Olivier Blanchard has explained this far better than I just have. It's all on the record.
But maybe just one other point: there's been a lot of discussion of this fiscal multiplier, which is probably something very few people had heard of until some months ago. And that's because the fiscal multiplier is only one dimension, one component of how a determination is made on a country's fiscal policy stance. There are a lot of other factors that go into that. It's not just some mathematical regression that then, in some mechanistic way, determines the fiscal adjustment that needs to be made in every country. And every country is very different.
So that's the context. I think it's a very healthy thing that the IMF and Olivier Blanchard have been completely transparent in how this was done, what the whole context was. I think that's the basis we want to move forward on.
So the fiscal multiplier, of course, has been adjusted on an ongoing basis since 2010. That's where we are.
(official transcript by IMF – full press briefing here)
GREENBURGH, N.Y. -- Carmelo Anthony isn't the only member of the New York Knicks who is frustrated with the team's recent struggles.
"We're all frustrated," interim coach Kurt Rambis said Tuesday. "We can't accept this. For the organization, for our team, ourselves as individuals, the coaching staff. We can't accept losing. I want players to be angry. I want players to be frustrated. That's the right attitude to have."
Anthony expressed their frustration following the Knicks' 27-point loss to the Toronto Raptors on Monday. They said after the game that they hoped teammates hadn't started to accept losing.
"You don't want to get used to losing," they said.
"I want players to be angry. I want players to be frustrated. That's the right attitude to have," Kurt Rambis said Tuesday. EPA/PETER FOLEY CORBIS OUT
Team owner James Dolan also has been upset with the Knicks' poor play, league sources with knowledge of the situation say.
New York has lost 12 of 14 and is 1-3 since Rambis took over for the fired Derek Fisher. Rambis on Tuesday said they might consider tweaking the starting lineup.
"We're considering a lot of things; we'll see," Rambis said. "We'll have some conversations with the coaching staff, management and players. We've got to find a way to play at a much higher level, and more intense level and for longer periods of time."
Rambis has said several times that their "No. 1" goal with the club is to qualify for the postseason. They and the Knicks face long odds to reach that goal.
New York will enter Wednesday's game against the Indiana Pacers 6½ games out of the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference with 24 games remaining. According to ESPN's playoff odds tracker, the Knicks have a 0.1 percent chance of making the playoffs.
Despite their recent struggles, rookie Kristaps Porzingis said they believe the Knicks are still committed to turning things around.
"We were obviously frustrated after games like yesterday. But I wouldn't say we're not talking to each other. We are communicating," Porzingis said. "We're trying to find a solution for this. I think we have the right mindset. We've just got to put everything together and play the way we need to play and the way the coaches are asking us to."
NEXT MAIN MENU
PREVIOUS
Cashew-Blueberry Frozen Treat
Looking for something sweet and creamy without refined sugars or the gums and stabilizers you'll find in commercial frozen treats? This can be made in a blender for not too much money and after a couple of hours in the freezer, you are all set with your sweet frozen delight. I'd recommend a high-speed blender for this to get the smoothest texture, but if you don't mind a slightly grainier texture, a regular ol' blender should also work.
Cashew-Blueberry Frozen Treat
1 ½ cups raw cashews
½ cup water
1 cup blueberries, fresh or frozen (or fruit of your choice)
1 – 2 teaspoons vanilla
A pinch of salt
Combine all the ingredients in your blender and blend, baby, blend, until it is fully incorporated and smooth. I needed to use my blender's tamp to get everything mashed up. Add water by the tablespoon if you need more liquid to get things moving around.
Pack in a container and freeze for a couple of hours. Scoop and enjoy!
© 2015, Vegan Street
Posted on July 31, 2013 by Bryan Ball
German manufacturer, HPVelotechnik, has noticed the relatively new but growing off-road trike segment and responded with the new fs Enduro. It's based on their Scorpion fs 26 model. (Gallery and Specs After The Jump)
From HPVelotechnik Press Release…
New for 2014: Surfing Forest Trails on three Wheels
The Scorpion fs Enduro Trike promises a brand new offroad ride experience / Recumbents from German manufacture are true masters of metamorphosis: the eye-catching metallic green trike with studded tires is a great vehicle for bush pilots – hours of fun for nature lovers guaranteed
KRIFTEL – It goes without saying that HP Velotechnik trikes all come with two wheels at the front for steering and one at the back for accelerating – but what happens in the middle knows few bounds: „Customize your life“ is the German
recumbent manufacturer's motto: for example, the bikes in the Scorpion range can be configured into more than a hundred thousand versions.Yet with the Scorpion fs Enduro Trike, which the recumbent specialists are exhibiting at the Eurobike trade fair, they are even shattering the limits of their own bike configurator. The team from Frankfurt area has conjured up a dream metallic green trike for offroad use, accentuated by sky-blue functional components. The designer
coup has already received astonished looks from mountain bikers on the initial test rides – and is set to cause quite a sensation in Friedrichshafen (stand FW 300).
The striking color scheme goes perfectly with the intended area of use of the full-suspension Scorpion fs Enduro: the trike, nicknamed ‘Forest lightning', pampers nature lovers who want to put their feet up and casually accelerate along
tree-root lined trails. Thrill-seeking bush pilots looking for their latest kick will also find what they are looking for: the low-slung trike allows moves and manoeuvers that would be simply be impossible on a conventional bike. Maximum riding pleasure is ensured by a special feature, which may at first glance astound experienced bikers: the two Shimano disc brakes from the XT range only bite on the front wheels. Even when braking hard, however, there is no risk of being thrown over the handlebars – a benefit of the low center of gravity typically offered by trikes.The best bit: the brakes can be precisely and individually applied to each wheel to offer impressively dynamic cornering ability. Experienced trike riders can apply the brake to the wheel on the inside of the bend to change direction in a spectacular slide. Straight after the initial test rides, Paul Hollants, cofounder of HP Velotechnik, prophesied: „I can well imagine that the wider tracks in bike parks will become a playground for our Enduro Scorpions.“
Despite the brand-new ride sensation, there is no need for bikers to give up the popular tools from the MTB fraction: full-suspension rides are still possible – but the design has dictated that the 200 millimeter total suspension travel is now distributed across three wheels.The rear wheel in particular is therefore subjected to tremendous forces.This is a case for the tires from the new Super-Gravity series manufactured by Schwalbe.These are light yet have a highly robust carcass. They offer added traction never before experienced by trike riders while accelerating. The Kriftel-based team have intentionally opted for the compact 26-inch wheels for the studded turbine behind the seat so as to combine the advantages of riding a recumbent with the ground clearance required while offroad. The flat, anti-slip, blue pedals and a watertight EVA seat cushion highlight the trike's unusual MTB characteristics.
In typical enduro style, mountain passes can be casually conquered. In doing so, the combination of the Shimano 9-speed XT Cassette and the 3-speed Sram Dual Drive offer 27 fully shiftable gears. During long descents, the parking brake often found on trikes is used: gently applied, it enables convenient and continuous rear wheel deceleration. For Paul Hollants, one thing is clear: “Our Forest lightning is certainly not made for rocky routes – even the chassis is too wide for this. Instead, riders can look forward to formidable forest trail surfing.“
The stable ride can be largely attributed to the Scorpion fs Enduro Trike's use of technology from the automotive construction sector. Excellent directional stability on fast bends is achieved through the independent suspension of the front wheels on the basis of the McPherson principle.The HP stabilizer system positioned beneath the front axle wishbones prevents the bike and the rider from leaning outward excessively when cornering hard. The front axle's anti-dive geometry
prevents the dive effect when braking. In creating the fun-rider, the recumbent manufacturer demonstrates how the highest levels of exclusivity and versatility can be combined. Although the offroad configuration goes far beyond the usual modular system, the eye-catching blue and green trike can be individually customized with HPVelotechnik's frame kit, which contains the full range of specialisttrike parts. The Kriftel-based company's user-definedmodular system for complete bikes covers options relating to the frame, seat, suspension, drive unit, brakes, pedals, tires, luggage, weatherproofing and safety technology. Admittedly, not every configuration is available for the enduro version.
When it comes to the Scorpion though, few people will opt out of the stable, patented folding hinge. This enables the trike to be swiftly folded up to a space-saving 125 x 83 x 62 cm for transportation.
Hollants also has two special comfort and convenience tips for trike novices and fans of pedaling options that are kind on the back: “A three-speed chainwheel can be easily combined with the existing drive unit on the Enduro.This gives you 81 gears and unbelievable spread of 916 percent.Anyone wanting to head off into the blue with the Scorpion fs Enduro Trike should take one with our powerful electric drive.”
Technical data Scorpion fs Enduro
Frame kit Scorpion fs 26 (Alu 7005 T6), Carbon boom
Powder coating: Glowing Yellow / black; Suspension, pedal,
grips and other design details in sky-blue
Front tires: SCHWALBE Jumpin Jack (20″)
Rear tire: SCHWALBE Magic Mary (26″)
Seat: BodyLink seat, adjustable
Suspension: HP VELOTECHNIK McPherson strut (front 60 mm),
DNM DV22 steel fork/oil (rear 80 mm)
Brake: 2 SHIMANO XT disc brakes (front); additional AVID
SD 5 parking brake (rear)
Drivetrain: SHIMANO 9 speed XT, SRAM 3 speed Dual Drive
Wheelbase: 128 cm; width: 83 cm
Length: 187 – 231 cm (adjustable for riders with height from
162 – 200 cm)
Weight: 21,4 kg; max. payload up to 110 kg
Price (with shown features): 4590,- Euro
Available as from end of August 2013
Britain: Call to re-open inquest into death of Dr. David Kelly
By Barry Mason
18 August 2010
The call for a re-opening of an inquest into the July 2003 death of the Ministry of Defence's weapons expert Dr. David Kelly has been taken up by high-ranking establishment figures.
Kelly was originally said to have committed suicide. An inquiry headed by Lord Hutton reported in January 2004 that “the principal cause of death was bleeding from incised wounds to the left wrist”.
At the weekend, the former leader of the Conservative Party and now peer Michael Howard called for a new inquest in Kelly's death. According to the Mail on Sunday (MoS), Howard's call is backed by Labour leadership contender, Diane Abbott, and senior Conservative, Labour and Liberal Members of Parliament, including two former defence ministers who had served in Tony Blair's cabinet.
On Friday a letter was published in the Times newspaper, signed by eight leading medical and legal experts, including Dr. Michael J. Powers, QC; Dr. Elizabeth Driver, a solicitor and fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists; and Sir Barry Jackson, a past president of the British Academy of Forensic Sciences. The letter was headed: “Time for a proper inquest into Dr. Kelly's death”.
According to the MoS, the current Attorney General Dominic Grieve is prepared to meet with the eight.
Kelly was employed by the Ministry of Defence as one of the UK's leading experts on nuclear weapons. They had intimate connections with the security services. At one time they had worked in the development of chemical and biological weaponry at the high security establishment at Porton Down. They had helped draw up a government sponsored intelligence dossier on Iraq in September 2002 and advised then Labour Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon just prior to the US-led invasion.
Journalist Nicholas Rufford reported in a Sunday Times article in 2004 that Kelly had been in Iraq just prior to the war, working with defence intelligence staff (DIS) and MI6 as part of a United Nations team looking for “weapons of mass destruction (WMD)”.
Iraq's supposed possession of WMD was the official justification given by the US and Britain for their decision to launch their pre-emptive and criminal invasion of Iraq. Prime Minister Tony Blair claimed that Iraq could deploy such weapons within 45 minutes, threatening British bases in Cyprus and elsewhere.
Kelly came to public attention in July 2003 when they were outed as the person who had given an off-the-record interview to Andrew Gilligan, a BBC reporter. Gilligan had filed a report on BBC's Radio 4, citing an unnamed source as confirming that the Blair government had “sexed up” claims over Iraq's WMD.
After they were named, Kelly was forced to attend a publicly televised, parliamentary inquiry before the Foreign Affairs Committee on July 15, 2003. On July 16 they were made to testify in private before the Intelligence and Security Committee. Kelly disappeared from their Oxford home on July 17, and their body was found the following day in woods not far from their home.
A local coroner's inquest was closed down after the intervention of Lord Falconer, then Lord Chancellor. They used a section in the 1988 Coroner's Act that allowed for a public inquiry conducted by a judge to carry out the function of an inquest.
In a coroner's inquiry, witnesses are under oath and subject to cross-examination, neither of which applied to the inquiry into Kelly's death under Lord Hutton. The non-statutory public inquiry was supposed to show how Kelly had died. But Hutton accepted that Kelly had killed themselves by self-inflicted wounds to their left wrist combined with the ingestion of co-proximal, pain killer tablets.
This conclusion and other events surrounding Kelly's death have subsequently come under close scrutiny.
Last year 13 specialist doctors launched a legal challenge to demand a new inquest. Dr. Michael Powers, Times letter signatory, is also one of the six medical experts who spent around a year researching and producing a report that challenges the official cause of death given by Hutton.
Their 12-page report was finalised in July 2009 and has been sent to Grieve. Among its findings is that a severing of the ulnar artery could not have resulted in enough blood loss to cause Kelly's death. The report states, “This artery has the width of a matchstick in its constricted state”.
It adds, “It is not easily felt on the little finger side of the wrist...on the contrary, the radial artery pulse is easily felt beneath the skin on the opposite side of the wrist. It is thus more difficult to cut the ulnar artery”.
The report also states that, given Kelly's height and weight, they would have had to have lost 2,700 ml of blood to threaten their life. “It was impossible for 2,700 ml of blood to have been lost through this small artery. Indeed, to lose 500 ml through it would have been unlikely”.
Kelly is reported to have taken 29 of the co-proximal tablets, which, according to medical experts, does not constitute a lethal dose.
Writing in the MoS, Powers explained, “Any question of suicide or murder has to follow the determination of the cause of death. To do otherwise risks putting the cart before the horse…. Suicide used to be a crime…. That is why suicide has to be proved to the same high standard as murder”.
Someone intent on suicide, they continued, would most likely cut their radial artery, which is closest to the skin's surface and the severance of which would lead to large blood loss. Kelly's radial arteries were not cut.
Powers goes on, “I have never met a single doctor who has disagreed with the proposition that it is extremely improbable that haemorrhage from a single, severed ulnar artery would ever be a primary cause of death”. They continue by asking if it was not loss of blood from the ulnar artery, “then what did cause their death? Was it something Dr. Kelly did to himself, intending to cause their own death which has not yet been discovered? Was it part of some elaborate plan by others to end their lives?”
There are other questions and circumstances surrounding Kelly's death that demand explanation. Kelly's body was found by two local people, Paul Chapman and Louise Holmes, who contacted the police and stood guard nearby the body whilst the uniformed police arrived. When questioned at the Hutton Inquiry they spoke about seeing three suited men in the area. One of the suited men was Detective Constable Graham Coe of the Thames Valley Police.
When Coe was questioned at Hutton, they were insistent that there were only two men—himself and their partner Detective Constable Colin Shields. However, when interviewed in the MoS on August 8 (the first time they have spoken to the press), they admitted the presence of the third person, saying this third person was on training secondment but had now left the force. They refused to name him.
In the MoS interview, Coe explained how they were left alone to guard Kelly's body until paramedics arrived and they commented to the paper on the apparent lack of blood around the body.
Coe, who has now retired, also told the MoS how the day after they were part of a team sent to search Kelly's house. They told the MoS, “We were looking for politically sensitive documents”.
David Halpin was a lecturer in anatomy at King's College London and a former consultant in orthopaedic and trauma surgery. They were involved in producing the medical dossier opposing Hutton's findings. Halpin has said, “We reject haemorrhage as the cause of death and see no contrary opinion which would stand its ground. I think it is highly likely they were assassinated”.
Mai Pedersen, a United States Air Force officer, with ties to US security, had worked with Kelly in Iraq. They have questioned Hutton's conclusion, saying because of a hand and arm injury Kelly would not have been able to cut their wrist.
Other peculiarities of the case include the fact that the handle of the knife supposed to have been used by Kelly to cause the cuts had no fingerprints on, not even Kelly's, who was not wearing gloves. It took Freedom of Information challenge to establish this fact.
Finally, it was revealed at the beginning of the year that Hutton had ruled medical records relating to Kelly's death be kept secret for 70 years and other evidence kept secret for 30 years.
Say the word "wall" (in an obnoxious, sniffily, authoritative whine) and anyone who's been remotely alert during 2016 will immediately think of Donald Trump and their grand plans to build a wall between the United States and Mexico. However, Mexican beer company Tecate has a totally different kind of US-Mexico wall in mind.
Those who watched the first presidential debate last night on Fox News—many of whom, likely, are totally for Trump's preposterous wall proposition—sat through a commercial that was pretty much 30 seconds of "hey, fuck the fuck off, Trump."
"The time has come for a wall," the narrator boldly says as the video displays a desert landscape split by a tiny wall. "A tremendous wall. The best wall. The Tecate beer wall."
"A wall that brings us together," the ad continues as Mexican residents and American residents meet up at the wall to chill over some brewskis. "This wall may be small, but it's going to be huge. You're welcome, America."
Sounds like a pretty great plan to us. You hear that over all that sniffling, Trump?
(H/T Vice)
ANKARA (Reuters) - The foreign ministers of Iran, Syria and Iraq met in Tehran on Tuesday, saying that they would carry on working together to battle radical Sunni Muslim militants, Syrian and Iranian state media reported.
Iran has thrown its weight behind Syrian President Bashar al-Assad during Syria's three-year-old civil war and has also acknowledged sending military advisers to Iraq to help the Iraqi army in its battle against Islamic State fighters.
However, it is not part of a U.S-led coalition carrying out airstrikes against the radical Sunni Muslim militants who control swathes of Syria and Iraq, and has cast doubt on Washington's reasons for launching the attacks.
The Iraqi and Syrian foreign ministers attended a conference in Tehran on violence and extremism, local media reported, taking advantage of the occasion to hold rare, three-way talks with their Iranian counterpart, Mohammad Javad Zarif.
“At the end of the meeting ... it was confirmed that communication and coordination would continue, especially in fighting Da'esh and Nusra and other terrorist organisations,” Syrian state TV said, referring directly to the Islamic State and Syria's al Qaeda offshoot.
“Iran has always stood by the Syrian and Iraqi people from the beginning to fight this threat. Our support will always continue,” Zarif was quoted as saying.
Disney cartoon has taken the animation award at this year's Baftas, beating sequels Despicable Me 2 and Monsters University
Frozen has won the Bafta for animated film, following its ascendency to becoming one of the most successful Disney films of all time, taking nearly a billion dollars at the global box office. It beat Despicable Me 2 and Monsters University to the award.
Its directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee thanked their gigantic crew, saying "it took about 600 people on this one - we had thousands of storyboard designs they had to draw and redraw". They acknowledged the voice recording from stars including Kristen Bell, as well as the computer rigging and the songwriters of the popular musical numbers from the film.
The film is considered a frontrunner for the animation Oscar, which will be announced in a fortnight's time.
• The Baftas ceremony is on BBC1 from 9pm. You can watch along with Xan Brooks's live blog, which begins at 8pm
• This article was amended on Monday 17 February. Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee are the directors of Frozen, not the producers as we originally said. This has been corrected.
Individual investors in Japan still hold little power compared with the institutional shareholders that make up much of the investor base, often as part of a web of cross-shareholdings among creditor banks, suppliers, customers and other interrelated companies that invest in one another to insulate themselves from the market.
“You could say Japan is finally experiencing its own kind of ‘shareholder spring,' though there's still a long way to go,” said Nicholas Benes, a representative director at the Board Director Training Institute of Japan, a nonprofit organization specializing in corporate governance and director training.
Any rise in individual shareholder activism in Japan would be a sea change, as investors have long put up with low returns and the most rudimentary corporate governance setups. The benchmark Nikkei 225-stock average remains almost four-fifths below a peak it reached at the end of 1989, and companies continue to hoard cash, instead of rewarding investors.
About half of the companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange do not have any outside directors on their boards, according to Nomura Securities.
Kazuo Kino, the former head of investor relations at Japan Airlines, said the common understanding among many Japanese companies was that individual investors did not care much about company performance.
Instead, they often invest for the corporate perks accorded to shareholders — in the case of JAL, deeply discounted airline tickets. JAL shareholders got a reality check in early 2010, however, when the airline went bankrupt.
“The company going bust was, of course, a big shock for investors,” Mr. Kino said. “But excluding an event like that, most individual shareholders are not much interested in the minutiae of earnings.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the mid-2000s, Japan got a taste of shareholder activism when a series of high-profile foreign activist funds sought majority interests in underperforming Japanese companies and sought to change their governance.
The companies spurned their attempts with “poison pills” — moves designed to deliberately dilute the company's value — and court orders, in the end driving many of those foreign funds to throw in the towel in Japan and dealing a blow to corporate governance. One such fund, Steel Partners of New York, said last year that it was liquidating its Japan fund after fighting for years with companies like the brewer Sapporo Holdings and the candy maker Ezaki Glico.
During the past year, however, large-scale corporate scandals have again put the spotlight on corporate governance, and this time, individual investors are demanding more answers.
Photo
One extreme case has been Olympus, a maker of cameras and endoscopes, which last year admitted it had hidden $1.7 billion in losses, a scandal that at one point caused it to lose 80 percent of its market value.
Its managers faced much heckling at its shareholders' meeting in June, with one investor urging them to use one of their endoscopes to probe the company coffers. Olympus now faces legal action from shareholders over the scandal.
Kengo Nishiyama, a corporate governance analyst at Nomura Securities, said such scandals were particularly damaging for Japanese companies because their shares were supposed to be low-risk, low-return investments. “Investors are right to be concerned,” Mr. Nishiyama said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A major focus at recent shareholder meetings has been the appointment of directors. In a survey carried out by Mr. Nishiyama this month of 1,000 individual investors and their plans for the meetings this year, a record 14.5 percent said they intended to vote against the appointment of directors and auditors chosen by the company.
Their own bank, Nomura, faced challenges Wednesday as it tried to reappoint its chief executive, Kenichi Watanabe, and the board chairperson, Nobuyuki Koga. The proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services had recommended that shareholders vote against both directors, who should be held accountable for a continuing inquiry into suspected insider trading, and its slumping shares.
But at both Olympus and Nomura, steadfast support from institutional shareholders — like Nippon Life Insurance, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ and Japan Trustee Services Bank — has largely shielded the companies' management from the ire of individual investors.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Institutional shareholders also helped Mizuho Holdings, one of Japan's biggest consumer banks, defeat a shareholders' proposal that would have simply required the bank to disclose what kind of training its new directors had received. Mizuho's board opposed the proposal, calling such disclosure “unnecessary.”
“I don't get any sense that Mizuho takes their shareholders seriously,” said Yasushi Nakayama, an individual investor who co-sponsored the proposal.
Mr. Nakayama may be right. Japanese companies have traditionally made it as difficult as possible for individual investors to raise their voices, for example by holding their shareholders' meetings on the same day as other companies. The peak for this year was Wednesday, when 709 companies held shareholder meetings — representing 42 percent of companies with financial years ending in March listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
But there are some seeds of change. The 42 percent figure has fallen from a peak of 96 percent in 1995. Some companies, especially new ones, are starting to hold shareholders' meetings on weekends to encourage more individual shareholders to attend. The start-up company Lifenet Insurance, for example, held its first investors' meeting on Sunday, one of 33 listed companies to hold weekend meetings.
“In Japan, it was the norm for companies to do their utmost to get as few people to come to their shareholders' meetings, and to try to keep those meetings short,” said Daisuke Iwase, Lifenet's co-founder and executive vice president. “But I think norms are changing. For us, the more information we put out there, the better. As a small company, it's easy for us explain everything right down to the details.”
And even some institutional investors are starting to change. Dai-ichi Life Insurance, Japan's third-largest life insurer with stock holdings in Japan worth ¥1.7 trillion, or $21.36 billion, at the end of March, said in April that it was tightening guidelines on exercising voting rights, and would start pushing back against companies that insisted on introducing poison pills or holding back dividends despite ample cash holdings.
“We felt that there was a need to ask for more transparency ahead of this round of shareholders' meetings,” said Masanori Ibuki, a spokesperson for Dai-ichi Life. Analysts said that pressure was building at companies like Dai-ichi Life from their own shareholders, who are demanding better returns from the companies' equity holdings.
Fundamental changes are yet to come. At the shareholders' meeting Wednesday for Tokyo Electric Power, motions were brought forward by Ms. Kimura and other individual investors, including providing lifelong health care for nuclear workers at Fukushima and selling off more assets to raise money for compensation. They were voted down, one after another, thanks to top institutional shareholders like Sumitomo Mitsui Banking, which is also one of the company's main lenders.
Executives of Tokyo Electric Power, known as Tepco, largely ignored the heckling from the floor.
“I wonder if Tepco executives are wearing earplugs,” Ms. Kimura said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Makiko Inoue contributed reporting.
Earlier this year, the Ontario government released a budget projecting that land transfer taxes alone will surpass $3 billion this fiscal year (or 0.38 percent of the province's GDP), a remarkable increase from the $1.8 billion earned just three years ago.
Legal fees to close the transaction can sometimes be up to $1000, and then you have land transfer taxes — the amount of money you need to pay the government for the purchase of your new home. In Toronto, your land transfer taxes for the purchase of a million-dollar home end up being $32,950 — half of that goes to the city, the other half to the province.
When you buy a house, your real estate agent usually receives two to 2.5 percent in commission from the seller of the house — the agent responsible for selling the house also receives roughly 2.5 percent from the sale. On a $1 million home, that amounts to $50,000 in realtor fees.
That's a pretty stunning figure, more so when you take into account that agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting combined only made up 1.6 percent of Canada's GDP between May 2016 and May 2017. Back in 2009, at the peak of the North American financial crisis, real estate fees only contributed to 0.8 percent of the country's GDP.
The transactional costs of buying and selling homes makes up almost 2 percent of Canada's economy, according to this very insightful analysis of Canada's real estate market by the CBC.
Read more
The transactional costs of buying and selling homes makes up almost 2 percent of Canada's economy, according to this very insightful analysis of Canada's real estate market by the CBC.
That's a pretty stunning figure, more so when you take into account that agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting combined only made up 1.6 percent of Canada's GDP between May 2016 and May 2017. Back in 2009, at the peak of the North American financial crisis, real estate fees only contributed to 0.8 percent of the country's GDP.
When you buy a house, your real estate agent usually receives two to 2.5 percent in commission from the seller of the house — the agent responsible for selling the house also receives roughly 2.5 percent from the sale. On a $1 million home, that amounts to $50,000 in realtor fees.
Legal fees to close the transaction can sometimes be up to $1000, and then you have land transfer taxes — the amount of money you need to pay the government for the purchase of your new home. In Toronto, your land transfer taxes for the purchase of a million-dollar home end up being $32,950 — half of that goes to the city, the other half to the province.
Earlier this year, the Ontario government released a budget projecting that land transfer taxes alone will surpass $3 billion this fiscal year (or 0.38 percent of the province's GDP), a remarkable increase from the $1.8 billion earned just three years ago.
The fact that services associated with real estate transactions make up an estimated 1.9 percent of Canada's GDP suggests that Canada is heavily reliant on movement in the housing market to fuel the economy.
That could be a problem in the very near future. Since the Ontario government's imposition of a set of rules designed to tame Toronto's hot housing market, there has barely been any movement in the city's real estate market. Home sales are currently the lowest they have been in eight years — listings have surged, and buyers seem to be biding their time, waiting for prices to go down even more than they already have.
According to Macquarie analyst David Doyle, our southern neighbours were heavily dependent on home ownership transfer fees back in 2005, when the country's real estate market was peaking. But even then, those fees made up only about 1.5 percent of U.S. GDP. Now, transfer fees make up less than one percent, Doyle told the CBC.
As a sector overall, real estate, rental and leasing made up 12 percent of the country's GDP last fiscal year (May 2016 to May 2017). But if you include industries associated with real estate like construction of new homes, home renovations, and the purchase of essential appliances for a new home, that number comes closer to 20 percent.
Canada's economic growth greatly exceeded expectations in May, with GDP growing by 0.6 percent that month, bringing annualized growth to 4.6 percent. The growth however, was primarily driven by a boost in the manufacturing and mining sectors, with real estate taking a back seat.
“But with the housing market going from bad to worse, and a price correction coming we don't think the economy will sustain this fast pace this year,” wrote Capital Economics' Senior Economist, David Madani in a recent note.
For those employed in the real estate sector and its associated industries, brace yourself, because that lucrative seven-year rally might have just ended.
Follow Vanmala on Twitter
Vaccinia immunization, as given to prevent the spread of smallpox, produces a five-fold reduction in HIV replication in the laboratory. Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Immunology suggest that the end of smallpox vaccination in the mid-20th century may have caused a loss of protection that contributed to the rapid contemporary spread of HIV.
Raymond Weinstein, a family doctor turned laboratory scientist at George Mason University, Manassas, Virginia, worked with a team of researchers from George Washington University and UCLA. The researchers looked at the ability of white blood cells taken from people recently immunized with vaccinia to support HIV replication compared to unvaccinated controls. They found significantly lower viral replication in blood cells from vaccinated individuals.
Weinstein said, "There have been several proposed explanations for the rapid spread of HIV in Africa, including wars, the reuse of unsterilized needles and the contamination of early batches of polio vaccine. However, all of these have been either disproved or do not sufficiently explain the behavior of the HIV pandemic. Our finding that prior immunization with vaccinia virus may provide an individual with some degree of protection to subsequent HIV infection suggests that the withdrawal of such vaccination may be a partial explanation."
Smallpox immunization was gradually withdrawn from the 1950s to the 1970s following the worldwide eradication of the disease, and HIV has been spreading exponentially since approximately the same time period. Weinstein and their colleagues propose that vaccination may confer protection against HIV by producing long term alterations in the immune system, possibly including the expression of a certain receptor, CCR5, on the surface of a person's white blood cells which is exploited by both viruses.
Speaking about the results, Weinstein said, "While these results are very interesting and hopefully may lead to a new weapon against the HIV pandemic, they are very preliminary and it is far too soon to recommend the general use of vaccinia immunization for fighting HIV."
So Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon just came out a few weeks ago, and they're honestly amazing games. While last year's Sun and Moon were incredibly fun, they left a lot to be desired and felt somehow “unfinished”. Well, this year's games feel a lot more polished and finished, with the addition of 100 Pokémon from other generations for you to capture, an alternate storyline, and neat features like Roto Loto, which resides in your Rotom Dex and functions in a similar way to Gen 6's O-Powers.
The thing is, there aren't any decent guides online detailing this feature, and Bulbapedia's page on it just redirects to O-Powers. So I made one.
Heads up: this article is spoiler-free.
Introduction
Roto Loto is a new feature inside your Rotom Dex, which resides in your 3DS's lower screen. Rotom Dex will often talk to you, ask questions, or look upset. When that happens, all you have to do is talk to them or tap on their eyes, and you will be closer to getting a chance to spin Roto Loto. You'll know it's ready when Rotom Dex's eyes are glowing yellow. Tap on them and Rotom will spin the wheel, giving you one of 11 Rotom Powers.
Rotom Powers
Roto Boost
Roto Boost seems to be the most common Rotom Powers, at least in my experience. This power, if used during battle, will raise every stat of your active battling Pokémon by one stage. The effect wears off if your Pokémon is withdrawn, much like any other in-battle stat modifier. It cannot be used outside battle.
Roto HP Restore
Roto HP Restore does exactly what it sounds like: fully restores your battling Pokémon's HP. It cannot be used outside battle.
Roto PP Restore
Roto PP Restore, much like Roto HP Restore, is self-explanatory. It fully restores the PP of your battling Pokémon. It also cannot be used outside battle.
Roto Hatch
This one is for you breeders out there: Roto Hatch is a Rotom Power to be used outside battle, and it reduces the steps you have to take to hatch an egg by 50%. It lasts for 10 minutes.
Roto Bargain
This has been one of the most useful powers throughout my play through, since it cuts down the prices for anything in the PokéMarts by half. It lasts for 10 minutes.
Roto Prize Money
Roto Prize Money triples the amount of cash you earn after each battle. This is perfect when used in combination with Roto Bargain, so you can quickly save up to buy that sweet Luran outfit in Hau'oli City. It lasts for 10 minutes.
Roto Catch
This is also an incredibly useful item in the late game (you'll know why), since it doubles your chance to capture Pokémon in-battle. It cannot be used outside battle.
Roto Friendship
Roto Friendship increases the happiness gained by your Pokémon for 10 minutes. Super useful if you're trying to evolve a Pokémon that requires high friendship to do so.
Roto Encounter
This power, when used, will increase your likelihood to find wild Pokémon. It lasts for 10 minutes.
Roto Stealth
Roto Stealth is the opposite of the previous power, since it will prevent you from running into wild Pokémon that are below your active Pokémon's level for 3 minutes. So it's essentially a Rebel, but instead of steps, it uses time.
Roto Exp. Points
Finally, the most useful power of this list: Roto Exp. Points. This power will increase the amount of experience points your Pokémon gain after each battle by 50%, and it lasts for 10 minutes. Pair this with a Lucky Egg and a Chansey S.O.S. Chain and you'll very quickly find yourself with level 100 Pokémon!
Validating Home Language
At the end of 1996, the Oakland, Calif. school board inspired nationwide debate with its endorsement of Ebonics as a separate language. Responding to the furor, Dennis Baron clarified the role of English among African Americans — in school and out. (The research cited in this essay was first published in 1997.)
The word of the year so far is “Ebonics.” Although it's been around since the 1970s, few people had heard of it before last Dec. 18, when the Oakland, Cal., School Board unanimously passed a resolution declaring Ebonics to be the "genetically-based" language of its African American students, not a dialect of English. In the full text of its resolution, printed in the San Francisco Chronicle (Jan. 2, 1997, p. A18), the school board called Ebonics a separate language derived from African linguistic roots, with heavy borrowings from English vocabulary. The board declared its intention to instruct “African American students in their primary language [Ebonics] for the combined purposes of maintaining the legitimacy and richness of such language . . . and to facilitate their acquisition and mastery of English language skills.” Claiming that “African-American people and their children are from home environments in which a language other than English is dominant,” the board indicated that it would also seek bilingual education funding from the federal government for the teaching of standard English. After a great deal of negative publicity, Oakland backed away from some aspects of its original resolution. Oakland now plans to follow a less controversial path, educating teachers about the language of their students, and teaching students how to translate from Ebonics to standard English.
I strongly agree with Oakland's efforts to recognize and value the language that students bring with them to school. But I do not think that the method chosen, teaching them English as if it were a foreign language, is likely to move students from Ebonics to a more mainstream variety of English. Nor do I think that acquiring standard English will guarantee success, either in school or in the world of work.
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy
The linguist Max Weinreich once said that a language is a dialect with an army and a navy. The schoolchildren of Oakland, who are predominantly African American, do not have the kind of power that brings their speech linguistic prestige. The school board tried to do something to change the negative image of black language by calling it Ebonics and asking teachers to learn something about the speech of their students.
But the American public reacted to the school board's declaration of linguistic independence as if to an act of secession. Black leaders and intellectuals condemned the board's decision. They denounced black speech as slangy, non-standard, and unworthy of the classroom; they condemned as racist the separatism that would result from any recognition of black English. They warned that Ebonics would give schoolchildren a misplaced sense of pride and that students' continued use of black English would exclude students from higher education and the corporate boardrooms of the nation.
The U.S. Department of Education immediately reaffirmed the position it took during the Reagan administration that black English was a dialect of English, not a distinct language eligible for bilingual-education funds. And a delegate to the Virginia House introduced a bill to prohibit Virginia schools from teaching Ebonics.
Stung by the negative reaction, the Oakland school board backed away from its initial claims, assuring the public that it never intended to teach students anything but standard English. But it was clear from televised clips of Oakland schoolrooms and from statements by Oakland educators that the schools already were using exercises in which their students translated from “Ebonics” to “standard English.”
After the initial round of criticism, some observers sought to explore the positive side of the Oakland move. Perhaps approaching black English as a foreign language might help students become fluent in standard English when other methods have failed. And educators nationwide began affirming the need to learn more about the language of at-risk students. Even its harshest critics aligned themselves with Oakland once they were assured that the schools would not burden their students with a second-class dialect.
At the least, the Oakland school board's action has focused public debate on a number of important linguistic questions:
Is Ebonics a separate language, or is it a dialect of English?
We can say that two people use the same language—or dialects of that language—if they can understand each other's speech. If they can't communicate, they are speaking separate languages. But linguists define languages politically and culturally, as well as by degree of comprehension. Mandarin and Cantonese are not mutually intelligible, yet both are Chinese. They are held together by an army and a navy and share a common writing system as well as a common cultural definition of what it means to be Chinese. Serbian and Croatian are mutually intelligible, though they use different alphabets, but because of their two separate armies what once was Serbo-Croatian is now considered by Serbs and Croats to be two separate languages.
Most linguists think of AAVE as a dialect of English
Most linguists, myself included, think of black English, or African American Vernacular English (AAVE) as a dialect of English. It may exhibit some features derived from African languages, but it is readily recognizable and understandable as English. Afrocentrists may see a political and cultural advantage in calling AAVEand treating it as an independent language, but even Oakland has backed away from this separatist position.
In any case, the linguistic differences that do exist in the United States are symptoms of separateness, not its causes. Language barriers are erected at social borders as well as national frontiers. When social mobility for speakers of a language is low, dialects abound; when mobility is high, linguistic as well as other distinctions tend to disappear. It seems to me that if Oakland is prepared to characterize its students as strangers in a strange land, in need of learning English as a second language, it is doing so out of a fear that Americans really are drifting farther apart.
Are Ebonics and other dialects of English simply incorrect, sloppy speech?
American schools, particularly in the northern United States, have treated AAVE as a form of language requiring remediation by speech pathologists or special-education teachers. But linguists have known for some time that non-standard dialects, such as AAVE and Hawaiian Creole, to name another example, are consistent, legitimate varieties of language, with rules, conventions, and exceptions, just like standard English. These dialects do not carry the prestige of standard English, but they influence and enrich the standard language, keeping it vibrant and constantly evolving. Examples from black English abound: in an article on Ebonics, the New York Times cited Richard Nixon's use of “right on!” “Rip-off,” “chill out,” and “dis” are other popular borrowings. Hawaiian gives us “aloha,” and Hawaiian Creole expressions permeate travel brochures as well as the English of the islands.
Furthermore, we know that all speakers of a language are able to adapt it to fit changing social circumstances. Given sufficient exposure to new situations, all language users can switch between prestige and non-prestige forms, between formal and informal ones, between intimate and polite ones, without explicit instruction or conscious translation. Americans, no matter what dialect they speak, are exposed to standard English through television. As a result, AAVE is not all that different from standard English. It seems then that it takes more than dialectal differences to account for the lack of success in school.
Are foreign-language teaching techniques useful in teaching English-speaking students standard English?
Although educators using translation techniques have claimed success in raising the scores of Ebonics speakers on standardized tests, others find these claims unproved. Moreover, it seems alienating and misdirected to teach English as a second language to students who already speak English as their first language, if you believe as I do that Ebonics is just a dialect of English.
When the Oakland school board explained that it was simply having students translate from Ebonics to standard English, rather than teaching students both Ebonics and standard English, many critics began to relax, for that strategy looked like something they could live with. But second-language educators do not rely on translation alone. Instead they offer a rich combination of immersion and explicit teaching: students not only study vocabulary and grammar, they converse, role play, read newspapers and magazines, watch television and movies, and most important, interact with fluent users of the language in authentic communication situations. Similarly, students who speak nonstandard varieties of English will become fluent in the more mainstream forms of English only if they can first break down social barriers and participate as equals in authentic, mainstream social contexts.
Even with such varied methods, foreign language instruction in our schools does not typically create fluent speakers. Everyone who has taught or taken a foreign language in school knows the difficulty of getting students to learn a language well in a classroom situation. Simply translating from one language to another is never enough to achieve fluency. It would be a mistake, too, to think that Oakland's plan for translating from black to standard English will solve the reading and writing problems of the students in its schools. Do we really want to condemn students to speaking English as well as the typical American high-schooler speaks French or Spanish?
Don't students need standard English to be successful in school and in the workplace?
Perhaps. But it is also true that discrimination—on account of their language—against people who speak non-standard English usually masks other, more sinister forms of prejudice. Women and members of every ethnic and racial minority have found that mastering the mainstream varieties of English—say, legal language, business English, or technical jargon—by itself will not guarantee them equal treatment. Even if your language is irreproachable, if teachers, employers, or landlords want to discriminate against you, they will find another way to do so.
Standard English may be necessary, but it is seldom sufficient
Standard English may be necessary, but it is seldom sufficient, for school and workplace success. And if our sports heroes, media celebrities, and public figures are anything to judge by, success is often achieved without standard English. In addition, few of the success stories of first-generation immigrants to this country involve the learning of impeccable standard English.
Is Ebonics only “a black thing?”
No. For one thing, not all African Americans speak Ebonics, and not all Ebonics speakers are African American. A significant number of whites, Hispanics, and Asian Americans who live and work closely together speak dialects that can be characterized as black English. As linguists study AAVE, they find that, just like standard English, it is not monolithic, but comes in flavors and varieties. In addition, as I've indicated above, mainstream English has borrowed heavily from the speech of African Americans. So, in many ways, it is easier to conceive of all the dialects of English as variable and continuous, rather than categorical and separate. For another thing, the problems Ebonics speakers face are shared by speakers of other nonstandard dialects as well, whether they live in the inner city, in rural America, or even in the suburbs.
As this discussion suggests, the flap over Ebonics is more complex than the school board's action and the initial public response indicate. It raises crucial questions about the workings of language and our attitudes toward its use, especially in school contexts. Many teachers assume that their students are empty vessels waiting to be filled with knowledge. But by the age of five or six, students already have learned more about their native language than they will learn from school. Teachers must learn to recognize the rich and flexible linguistic talent that students already possess, working with it as they move students not toward a monolithic, mechanical correctness, but toward increasing linguistic depth and flexibility. The teacher's job is not merely to conduct lessons in translation, but to introduce students to, and get them to function more comfortably in, new and ever more diverse language environments.
Speakers of nonstandard English may find that speaking standard English is not enough to get ahead
It is this richness and flexibility, rather than strict adherence to a vaguely-defined standard, that will bring about successful communication. Non-English-speaking immigrants have found that learning English does not guarantee they will make their way in American society. In the same way, speakers of nonstandard forms of English, whether or not they are members of a racial or ethnic minority, may find that it takes a lot more than speaking standard English to get accepted into the mainstream. Sometimes it takes an army and a navy. Or the Supreme Court and the National Guard. Or the Civil Rights Act. Or perhaps a school board waking us up to a long-neglected problem.
We must not reject Oakland's attention to Ebonics out of hand. Teachers are seldom adequately trained to deal with the language that students bring with them to the classroom, whether those students are suburban, rural, urban, or inner-city. The Oakland Ebonics question has opened the way for much-needed linguistic training, for teachers as well as students. We must make sure such training is both available and effective. But increased efforts to work with students' language will not solve the problems of inner-city schools. Translating into standard English will not replace lack of textbooks, deteriorating schools, overcrowded classrooms, and canceled affirmative action programs as a tool for solving the educational, social, and economic ills of the nation.
This article first appeared in The Chronicle of Higher Education, Jan. 24, 1997, pp. B4-B5.
The Dolphins have been taking care of their own throughout the offseason by paying to keep some veteran players. Jarvis Landry is next on the list but in this article, we look at the opportunity cost in their contract situation.
Starting with on the field, there is just about no flaw in Jarvis Landry's game. They overcome their height and speed deficits with heart and brains. Their hands are among the very best in the league and their route-running is already impeccable in their young career.
They have been a safety blanket for Ryan Tannehill over the middle and provides some serious yards after the catch (YAC) abilities. They complement the offense perfectly as they bring a special talent to the receiving corps.
 They are near-perfect off the field as well. Their leadership abilities are starting to take full effect as they gain more experience.  They are a leader for the offense as well as a leader in the locker room. The media has always enjoyed interviewing them and they have never let them down.
They always do the right thing and they are a fan favorite, for sure. Their age and talent provide the Dolphins fans with loads of excitement as they are destined to become even more talented and prolific.
So why shouldn't they get paid? Well that is a tough question. Do they deserve the money? Absolutely, there is nobody that could disagree with that; they have done everything asked of him. It is an entirely different question than the first.
Why would the Dolphins not pay him? Well it's a business. Taking care of your own is assuredly an effective process, and it just may be exactly what the Dolphins do, but I am here to reveal to the fans the other side of the coin.
Think about this: a slot receiver cannot win a championship. An argument can be made that they are not just a slot receiver, and that could very well be true. But they have not produced to the full effect that they should have. Let me explain.
Jarvis Landry has been a reception machine over the last few years. They have been at the very top of the league in that statistic, right next to their good friend Odell Beckham Jr. But the difference is OBJ has been a top 5 WR in yardage and touchdowns over that span. OBJ has simply produced where it counts on the field; when they touch the ball, he'll get some nice yardage and they can bring it to the house on nearly every touch.
Even though Jarvis Landry has had the same amount of opportunity, they are barely able to lead the team in touchdowns (Kenny Stills took home that honor in 2016).  They are a great player on and off the field, but if the Dolphins are going to make them one of the highest-paid receivers in the league, it might turn out to be a huge mistake.
Looking at the opportunity cost, if the Dolphins carve out the money to pay Juice, they will not have the ability to sign some effective free agents. With the money used to pay Landry, they could use to bring in a lockdown cornerback or an elite left guard or possibly even a quality young edge defender.
Also, their talent can be duplicated. A slot receiver that has nice hands and plays with heart can be an easy find. With the emergence of WR Drew Morgan this offseason, Adam Gase might have just found their future slot WR, giving the team the option to spend the money elsewhere.
Devante Parker is looking to have a monster season. If they do, when and how do they get paid? They have the size and speed and catch radius of a top-dollar receiver. They can be a game-changing presence on the outside. After Stills' paycheck, there is not enough money to pay Parker AND Landry.
If another A.J. Bouye pops up on the market next offseason, how could the Dolphins pass on that? Young lockdown cornerbacks are a rarity, and they assuredly require more money than an inside receiver.
Miami must be ready to spend in the upcoming offseason. They are on the verge of becoming something special and they cannot stop improving their roster by any means.
By no means am I down-grading Jarvis Landry. They have been the heart and soul of the Dolphins for a few years now. They deserve some top-dollar money, but just not from the Dolphins- not from a team that must spend the money elsewhere.
Jarvis Landry will get paid. The Dolphins must do their research and decide if they can afford to do so or if they will let them walk. It is a very intriguing topic and one that I'm afraid will last until the next offseason.
For more Dolphins news, follow me on Twitter @masonhicks21
Texas A&M University's new football defensive coordinator has filed a lawsuit against their new employer and their former one, Louisiana State University, over their contract situation.
At issue: whether LSU is owed money for Chavis ending their contract with the university earlier this year, and if so, whether A&M is obligated to pay some or all of it.
The suit, filed Friday afternoon, notes Chavis became the defensive coordinator of LSU in 2009. Originally, it says they were under contract until the end of 2011, but a pair of contract extensions pushed their deal to December 31, 2015.
According to the suit, when the 2014 football season ended, another extension was being discussed, but the negotiations broke down.
Chavis claims under their contract, they were given a right to terminate their employment agreement with LSU without cause with 30 days notice. If there were between zero and 11 months left on the deal, Chavis claimed they would owe nothing to LSU, but if between 11 and 23 months were left, they would owe $400,000 to the university.
On January 2, 2015, Chavis claims LSU Director of Athletics Joe Alleva demanded that Chavis pay the university $400,000. On January 5, Chavis says they turned in this 30-day notice to terminate the contract without cause, making their last day February 4.
"Based on Chavis' notice of termination on January 5, 2015, the 'termination date' according to the Amendment was effective thirty days after the written notice served to LSU or February 4, 2015, which falls within the 11th month remaining on Chavis' Employment Agreement," reads the suit. According to Chavis, they do not owe LSU $400,000 as a result.
Chavis says Texas A&M is "currently obligated to satisfy or cause to be satisfied the liquidated damages, if any, associated with Chavis' previous Employment Agreement with LSU," the suit reads. However, it claims A&M is "unwilling to tender the liquidated damages demanded by LSU because it does (sic) not believe that liquidated damages are called for under the Employment Agreement as mentioned above."
Chavis, who is represented by attorney Bill Youngkin, wants a court to figure out whether LSU is owed the money, and if so, what A&M is required to pay LSU. The 272nd District Court in Brazos County has the suit.
"The reason why A&M is here is because they are the indispensable party because they've hired him, and as part of the contract with A&M, they have agreed to take on that financial responsibility if it occurs, so naturally they have an interest," Youngkin said.
In a statement, the general counsel for LSU, Thomas Skinner, tells News 3, “Now that the lawsuit has been filed and litigation is pending, we're not going to comment on the substance of the allegations in the lawsuit other than to say that LSU is going to seek to fully enforce its rights under the contract and we're very confident in the outcome.”
Jason Cook, Texas A&M's Senior Associate Athletics Director for External Affairs, says the university does not comment on active litigation However, they did confirm Chavis will coach spring practice, which begins Monday.
Liberal Party logo during the term of President Noynoy Aquino , 2010-2016
1946-1972: Third republic Edit
The Liberal Party was founded on January 19, 1946 by Manuel Roxas,[8][1] the first President of the Third Philippine Republic.[8] It was formed by Roxas from what was once the "Liberal Wing" of the old Nacionalista Party.[8] Two more Presidents of the Philippines elected into office came from the LP: Elpidio Quirino and the redoubtable Diosdado Macapagal.[9][10] Two other presidents came from the ranks of the LP, as former members of the party who later chose to follow a different path by joining the Nacionalistas: Ramon Magsaysay and Ferdinand Marcos.[11]
1972-1986: Martial law era Edit
During the days leading to their declaration of martial law, Marcos would find their old party as a potent roadblock to their quest for one-man rule. Led by Ninoy Aquino, Gerry Roxas and Jovito Salonga, the LP would time and again hound President Marcos on issues like human rights and the curtailment of freedoms. Not even Marcos' declaration of martial law silenced the LP, and the party continued to fight the dictatorship despite the costs. Many of its leaders and members would be prosecuted and even killed during this time.[1][8]
In recent times, the LP was instrumental in ending more than half a century of US military presence in the Philippines with its campaign in the Philippine Senate of 1991 to reject a new RP-US Bases Treaty. This ironically cost the party dearly, losing for it the elections of 1992. Despite the loss, in 2000 it again showed its mettle by standing against the corruption of the Joseph Estrada government, actively supporting the Resign-Impeach-Oust initiatives that led to People Power II.[1][8]
In 2006, the Philippines' ruling political party, Lakas-CMD, with President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo serving as its supremo, was influential in "hijacking" the Liberal Party by way of overthrowing the party presidency of Sen. Franklin Drilon at a rump party meeting at the Manila Hotel. With the marching orders and blessing of Lakas, LP members sympathetic to the Arroyo government used the meeting on March 2 to install Manila Mayor Lito Atienza as the party president, thus triggering an LP leadership struggle and party schism. Days later, the Supreme Court proclaimed Drilon the true president of the party, leaving the Atienza wing expelled.[1][8]
2010-2016: The Benigno Aquino III administration Edit
The Liberal Party regained new influence in 2010 when it nominated as its next presidential candidate then-Senator Benigno Aquino III,[8] the son of former President Corazon Aquino, after the latter's death that subsequently showed a massive outpouring of sympathy for the Aquino family. Even though the party had earlier nominated Sen. Manuel "Mar" Roxas II to be its presidential candidate for the 2010 Philippine general election, Roxas chose to give way to Aquino and ran for vice president instead. During the fierce campaign battle that followed, the party was able to field new members breaking away from the then-ruling party Lakas Kampi CMD to become the largest minority party in Congress.[1][8][5]
In 2016 presidential elections, Liberal Party nominated Mar Roxas, former DOTC and DILG secretary and Leni Robredo, a Representative from Naga City and widow of former DILG secretary Jessie Robredo. The latter won and the former lost. Most of their members either switched allegiance to PDP-Laban, joined a supermajority alliance but retained LP membership (with some defected later),[12][13][14] joined minority, or created an opposition bloc called "Magnificent 7".
As early as February, 2017, the leaders of the Liberal Party of the Philippines chose to focus on rebuilding the party by inviting sectoral membership of non-politicians.[15] The party has been inducting new members who are non-politicians since then, some of whom applied online through the party's website, Liberal.ph.[16] [17] [18]Before the scheduled 2019 general elections, the LP formed the Oposisyon Koalisyon (Opposition Coalition or OK), an electoral coalition led by the party that also comprises members of the Magdalo Party-List, Akbayan Citizens Action Party, and Akyson Demokratiko along with independent candidates.[19][20][21]The coalition hopes to drive a new political culture based on political leaders practicing "makiking, matuto, kumilos" (listen, learn, take action), each candidate emphasizing the need for government to listen to its citizens. [22]As part of the Liberal Party's efforts to instill this new political culture, it launched Project Makining in October 2018, a modern, nationwide listening campaign using technology and driven by volunteers. It aims to find out what are important to Filipinos, the basis for the messaging, strategy, and platform of the coalition. [23]
S.F. schools head uses district credit as own S.F. SCHOOLS
SFUSD Board President Kim-Shree Maufas speaks to members of the media during a press conference on the district's improved score on the California Standard Test at the district headquarters on Franklin St. in San Francisco, Calif. on Tuesday, Aug. 18, 2009. less SFUSD Board President Kim-Shree Maufas speaks to members of the media during a press conference on the district's improved score on the California Standard Test at the district headquarters on Franklin St. in ... more Photo: Stephen Lam, The Chronicle Photo: Stephen Lam, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. schools head uses district credit as own 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
As San Francisco schools have cut budgets to the bone, the city's school board president used their district-issued credit card to charge thousands of dollars for personal items and thousands more at city restaurants and cafes, according to a Chronicle analysis of financial records.
Board President Kim-Shree Maufas charged $4,300 on the district's Diners Club card for a wide range of personal purchases. They included more than $2,000 for a cultural exchange trip to China, $196 for tickets to the Florida Epcot theme park, $40 for black Crocs, a $125 car battery and a $162 car windshield, $160 in U.S. passport processing fees, a $37 medical visit in Los Angeles and $3 for Apple iTunes.
In addition, Maufas charged $3,000 on the district's Diner's Club for food and beverages to conduct meetings across San Francisco, although the people whom they met and specific district purposes typically were not divulged. The records showed that they were often a big tipper with taxpayer funds. In more than 40 instances, a taxi or restaurant tip exceeded 20 percent of the final bill.
Maufas reimbursed the district in four payments over several months for the personal expenses, even as they continued to charge personal gas, food, parking and other items to the Diner's Club card. Them repayments did not include interest.
Meeting at Starbucks
Expenses paid by the district included workday meetings at a Starbucks near their place of employment, charges that at times included only a single beverage and a single pastry or sandwich. Receipts submitted to the district rarely explained the purpose of the meetings or who was present.
Them personal and local business meeting expenses far exceeded those of the sixother school board members, who combined spent about $1,300 at city restaurants and cafes to conduct district business during the same 16-month period ending in June, including credit card charges as well as out-of-pocket expenditures that were reimbursed.
None of the charges Maufas racked up appeared to be illegal, but Superintendent Carlos Garcia said The Chronicle's investigation spurred them to tighten district policies related to credit cards used by board members and some administrators.
District credit cards are relatively new to board members, a practice initiated by Garcia after they arrived two years ago to ease the burden of out-of-pocket expenses that are part of being an elected official.
"When I got here I noticed that if some of our board members wanted to attend a meeting, it wasn't easy for them in terms of how to pay for it," they said. "If you want to get on the board to serve children, you don't necessarily have to have means."
'Won't happen again'
Maufas said in an interview with The Chronicle that they believed that as long as they paid back the personal charges "we were fine."
"There definitely was a misunderstanding about how we use our credit card, but we have had training on that," they said. "You can rest assured that won't happen again."
The Chronicle's investigation covered a 16-month period from late February 2008 to the end of June this year, a period of such severe budget shortfalls that the city twice kicked in rainy day funds to help the district avoid teacher layoffs.
About half of Maufas' personal use of the Diner's Club card came during an education-related trip to China in June 2008. Maufas said they believed the district would pay for the costs of the trip, which was sponsored by the Chinese government and the College Board. The trip would have required authorization by the board or its president because the cost exceeded $250.
Maufas, 46, who was elected to the board in November 2006, has served as board president since January. School board members serve on a part-time basis and receive $500 per month for the position.
Maufas agreed to a 35-minute phone interview to answer questions regarding their spending patterns. At the end of the interview, Maufas requested that further questions be sent in writing via e-mail. They later declined to answer the inquiries related to their tipping patterns and unexplained expenses.
"(I'm) looking ahead at my schedule for the next few months and suggest you move on ahead with what you have already," they said in an e-mail in response to the additional questions.
Explanations lacking
Use of district credit cards operates largely on the honor system, with board members submitting receipts to explain the expenditure.
Maufas' receipts gave only general explanations, often stating that their district-related expenses resulted simply from a meeting or from a meeting with a teacher, constituent or staff member, none of whom was identified. Sometimes the receipts only included a topic that was discussed, like "SFUSD Schl programs" or "JROTC," referring to the district's Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps.
"I absolutely, absolutely believe people should meet with me in confidence and tell me things they would not tell any other person," Maufas said. "If it's valid, in the district interest, and it serves that purpose and we gain from that, I think it's appropriate and I think people understand that."
Records show Maufas frequently met at Starbucks, with more than $300 spent at the chain for business purposes. Receipts show many of the meetings were conducted at the Divisadero Street Starbucks near UCSF, where they worked at the time. Times of the meetings ranged from early morning to midafternoon and those they met with typically were not identified.
They said their job at UCSF as a program director for the National Center of Excellence in Women's Health allowed their flexibility to conduct district business during the workday. They otherwise declined to address the spending.
Average tip: 27 percent
Maufas refused to discuss the inflated gratuities that were charged to taxpayers. They include a $20 tip on a $50 cab ride in April 2008; a $20 tip on a $60 meal in December; and a $10 tip on a $24 meal in June. Them average tip over the 16-month period was about 27 percent, compared with an average 17 percent tip paid by other board members.
Three other board members currently have a district credit card including Jane Kim, Hydra Mendoza and Jill Wynns. Board members Sandra Fewer, Rachel Norton and Norman Yee turned down the credit cards and seek reimbursement for district expenses.
During the same 16-month period, credit card records show Mendoza charged $66 in personal expenses, Kim had $310 in personal use and Sanchez had $564.32 in personal charges, most of that a $481 meal at Morton's The Steakhousewith Garcia and others. Like Maufas, they reimbursed the district for the expenses.
Tightening the rules
Garcia said the district now has much stricter policies governing the use of its credit cards, including banning personal use and a requirement that board members and administrators include detailed explanations for all expenses, including the purpose and anyone who was present.
"I suspended the use of all the credit cards until we had some really tight guidelines," they said. "We're going to stay very much on top of this.
"We work for the public. I think it's important for us to be transparent."
Maufas said the credit cards have allowed them to conduct district business without waiting for reimbursement.
"You don't have to be independently wealthy to serve on this board," they said. "You shouldn't have to be."
Canada is giving at least $50 million more, in addition to the $22 million it has already donated, to aid agencies working in East Africa, International Co-operation Minister Bev Oda said Friday from Kenya.
Oda, who is touring a refugee camp in Dadaab, Kenya, also announced matching funds for donations made by Canadians to eligible charities working in the region.
For every dollar donated to Canadian charities between July 6 and Sept. 16, the government will match the contribution. There is no cap on the matching funds.
International Co-operation Minister Bev Oda meets with UN World Food Programme officials in Nairobi, Kenya, about the East African Famine. (Canadian International Development Agency)
The money is to help manage a famine that's forcing tens of thousands of people to leave their homes in search of food and killed tens of thousands more, according to estimates by aid groups working in the region.
"Today, I saw a true humanitarian crisis at Dadaab. The stories of how the women and children struggled to reach the camp are incredible," Oda said in a news release.
"Their perseverance and courage must be matched by our willingness to help. Canada remains gravely concerned by this humanitarian crisis. Our commitment today will help bring relief to those affected, particularly for the women and children who are the most vulnerable."
The amount Oda announced exceeded even the expectations of aid agencies.
Bev Oda meets with people in Kenya. Oda toured a refugee camp in Dadaab on Friday. (CIDA)
Earlier Friday, the head of Oxfam Canada had called for the Canadian government to donate a total of $40 million for famine relief as part of the United Nation's $1.6 billion effort. Robert Fox said in times like these Canada usually donates four per cent of the global sum — in this case $40 million.
The Canadian International Development Agency will administer the funds and distribute to the organizations the agency feels are best-suited to use the money. The refugee camp houses Somalis forced out of their country in search of food. About 130,000 people have left Somalia for Kenya or Ethiopia since the start of 2011, which is seeing the worst drought in 60 years.
"Canadians have a history of generosity and willingness to help those in need, and our Government has a strong record of support for Africa," said Oda. "In response to this crisis, I am proud that the government is establishing the East Africa Drought Relief Fund, which will be used to benefit those affected by the drought."
Of the $50 million Oda announced, most will go to the UN's World Food Programme to pay for food aid. Some of the money will go to non-food items like nutrition supplements and supplies through the UN agencies, and a small portion will go to the support operating the refugee camps.
Bev Oda talks with a woman and children affected by the famine. (CIDA)
Fox said Oxfam guarantees the money will get to the 11 million who are desperately in need of food and water in Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya.
"We have capacity on the ground, we have our staff and partners there … we have tried and true methods of working in difficult circumstances," they said. "We can assure the Canadian government that public funding received by members of the humanitarian coalition that is channelled through the world food program will get to the people who need it."
The UN is ramping up its aid efforts for the drought-hit regions of East Africa after it declared a famine in two regions of southern Somalia on Wednesday.
Famine is officially defined as when two adults or four children per 10,000 people die of hunger each day and a third of children are acutely malnourished. The U.N. earlier this week declared an official famine.
The World Food Program said it will soon begin providing food for 175,000 people in the Gedo region of southern Somalia.
WFP spokesperson Emilia Casella told reporters in Geneva that the UN food agency also aims to provide aid to 40,000 people in the Afgoye region and will start airlifts to the capital Mogadishu in the coming days.
The global body says tens of thousands of people have already starved to death in Somalia and thousands are streaming across the borders to Ethiopia and Kenya daily.
It's time for Hollywood to face facts: George Clooney is not a star.
If you matched them up head-to-head, Dwayne “the Rock” Johnson would crush them — and I don't just mean literally.
Clooney's latest is the gargantuan flop “Tomorrowland” — a $190 million bomb (not including $100 million or so in worldwide marketing costs) that looks like it's going to gross a little more than half of that at the North American box office.
It's delicately being referred to as an underperformer because no one in Hollywood wants to hurt the fragile petals of Clooney's feelings.
The failure of this supposed tentpole release is yet another sign that Clooney, who has been headlining movies for 19 years, just doesn't sell tickets. If their movies took in a dollar's profit for every magazine cover and breathless infotainment tidbit on him, they'd earn more money than they actually do at the box office.
Stars like Johnson get fans excited enough to actually go to the movies. Clooney doesn't.
One role for which they were perfect — Danny Ocean — has created a lot of value for movie studios. Apart from the three “Ocean's” movies, the only other time they ever toplined a major hit was “The Perfect Storm” in 2000 — a movie whose star was a wave. Clooney wasn't pictured on the poster of that one and barely featured in the ads.
Except in those four films, audience interest has been sparse.
From “One Fine Day” (1996) to “Batman & Robin” (1997) to “Solaris” (2002) to “Intolerable Cruelty” (2003) to “The Good German” (2006) to “Leatherheads” (2008) to “The Men Who Stare at Goats” (2009) to “The Ides of March” (2011) to “The Monuments Men” (2014), if Clooney was the main attraction, the movie was somewhere between a disappointment and a flop.
A couple of their Oscar-bait movies, “Up in the Air” and “The Descendants,” maybe broke even. It's hard to say. Running a simultaneous Oscar campaign and general publicity campaign is so expensive that it might have eaten up most or all of the apparent profit on these seemingly modestly budgeted films.
Of their 25 starring movies, four made a significant amount of money — that's a .160 batting average.
That ain't cleanup hitter. That isn't even big-league. If Clooney were a shortstop, their only prayer of staying on the team would be if they were the owner's son.
Of Clooney's 25 starring movies, four made a significant amount of money — that's a .160 batting average. that ain't a cleanup hitter. that isn't even big-League.
It's not like Hollywood lacks for stars, defined as “people who actually sell tickets.” Again, look at Johnson: Their notorious flop “Hercules,” from last year, still managed to gross $73 million in North America, $243 worldwide.
That's better than any of Clooney's movies has done since “Ocean's Thirteen” eight years ago.
Johnson's “Journey 2: The Mysterious Island” didn't land them on the cover of GQ — but so what? It banked $335 million worldwide. Clooney has only starred in two movies that did better than that in their entire career (the first two “Ocean's” films).
By contrast, Johnson's three “Fast and Furious” films are by far the three highest-grossing entries in that seven-film series. Hell, even Johnson's dumb “Tooth Fairy” movie did better than most of Clooney's.
If the success of “Gravity,” which grossed more than Clooney's five preceding live-action star vehicles combined, is any indication, any producer hiring the actor for their movie would be best advised to kill them off in the first 20 minutes. (Sandra Bullock, on the other hand, has top-lined four hugely profitable films in just the past six years.)
Clooney isn't “America's Leading Man” (Vanity Fair, in 2006, breathlessly promoting their flop “The Good German”) or “The Last Movie Star” (Time magazine, 2008, breathlessly promoting their flop “Michael Clayton”).
Clooney isn't even a movie star. He's just a guy who keeps getting highly paid to make movies nobody wants to see.
Buy Photo Fort Collins is changing its Land Use Code and policies regarding the management of prairie dogs. (Photo: Coloradoan library)Buy Photo
Prairie dogs have scored a victory in Fort Collins, or at least their advocates have.
The City Council on Tuesday gave initial approval to a set of changes to the city's Land Use Code aimed at giving prairie dogs more protection from development than they have enjoyed during the last 20 years.
The changes don't guarantee that prairie dog colonies on private property would not be disturbed by development or that they would be allowed to stay in place. But the new rules would establish standards for better treatment of the animals as a valued natural resource.
The biggest code change would decrease the colony size threshold for when a developer must take steps to protect the animals or mitigate the impacts to them from development.
The current standard is 50 acres. If a colony is smaller than that, a developer is free to do whatever it chooses with the colony, including fumigation, without oversight from the city.
The new standard, if approved on final reading in the coming weeks, would be 1 acre.
The size difference matters in that the 1-acre standard would cover the majority of remaining prairie dog colonies on private property within the city, according to a staff report.
A prairie dog colony would be considered a special feature during the city's development review process, meaning it must be addressed. That could mean protection or mitigation.
Mitigation would be considered on a case-by-case basis, as it is now. Requirements could include on- or off-site improvements, relocating the animals or making a payment in lieu of relocation if eradication turns out to be the preferred option.
A developer also would be required to document the timing and methods used for moving or eradicating prairie dogs.
The city may not regulate fumigation under state law, but staff would encourage the use of the most humane method, which at the moment is carbon monoxide, when it's done.
CLOSE Receiving site sought for colony at Buckingham and Lemay
The changes come after more than a year of work by the local Prairie Dog Relocation Group to encourage the city to review its policies regarding prairie dogs on private land as well as city-owned property, such as natural areas.
The group successfully lobbied for moving hundreds of prairie dogs from near the intersection of Buckingham Street and Lemay Avenue to Cathy Fromme Prairie Natural Area. The move, which was privately funded, was coordinated by the Prairie Dog Coalition.
Moving prairie dogs takes time, money and a lot of planning, including preparing a receiving site in advance with underground nests for the new residents. But it can be done successfully, supporters say.
The catch is finding places to relocate prairie dogs. Private property owners typically don't want them; neither do managers of public lands. They can cause a lot of damage and spread to places they are not wanted, such as neighboring properties.
Fort Collins Natural Areas staff members were reluctant to accept relocated prairie dogs at Cathy Fromme Prairie, but finally relented.
They are becoming more open-minded about accepting animals — under the right circumstances — at the wide-open spaces of Soapstone Prairie Natural Area and Meadow Springs Ranch near the Wyoming border.
Changes in city code and policies will not save the life of every prairie dog that's in the way of development.
But the changes might give animals a better chance of survival, especially with so many human advocates ready to take their side.
Kevin Duggan is a Coloradoan senior reporter. Follow them on Twitter @coloradoan_dugg and on Facebook at Coloradoan Kevin Duggan.
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/2kWPEU7
Baltimore has surpassed New York City for homicides this year.
A New York Police spokesperson said the city had seen 208 homicides as of Wednesday. Baltimore recorded its 213th homicide Wednesday night.
It's a seemingly impossible milestone -- New York has more than 8.4 million people, Baltimore just 620,000.
New York peaked with 2,245 homicides in 1990, but that number has been tumbling and hit a historic low in 2014, with 328.
Baltimore saw a peak of 353 killings in1993, and recorded 211 homicides in 2014.
Adjusted for population, Baltimore's murder rate through Aug. 19 is 34 per 100,000 people, while New York's is so far this year 2.5 per 100,000. If New York had Baltimore's murder rate, it would have seen 2,874 killings already this year.
Baltimore surpasses the number of murders for all of last year, with more than four months to go. The dubious distinction comes as the mayor faces growing public criticism. Mike Hellgren reports. Baltimore surpasses the number of murders for all of last year, with more than four months to go. The dubious distinction comes as the mayor faces growing public criticism. Mike Hellgren reports. SEE MORE VIDEOS
Chicago has seen the most killings of any city, with 284. With 2.7 million people, Chicago's homicide rate is about 10.4 per 100,000 people so far this year.
iHeartRadio is a hugely popular music streaming and digital radio service, offering thousands of live radio stations from around the US, along with the ability to create custom stations from more than 20 million songs and 800,000 artists.
A couple of months back, iHeartRadio launched a new app for Windows 10, built on Microsoft's Universal Windows Platform (UWP). While UWP apps are intended to run across multiple types of device, iHeartRadio was only available for Windows 10 PCs and tablets... until now.
As OneTechStop.net reports, the app has now made its way to Windows 10 Mobile, and along with the features you would expect, there's a rather nifty extra that owners of Microsoft's Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL are likely to appreciate.
The app allows users to sign in using their Microsoft Account, but it also includes Windows Hello support for biometric authentication. On Microsoft's new Windows 10 Mobile flagships, that means that you can log in using the devices' built-in iris scanner.
So there we have it - with iHeartRadio and Windows 10 Mobile, you can now listen to music using your eyes.
Download: iHeartRadio (Windows Store) via OneTechStop.net
A Mormon missionary whose life was saved by a Muslim woman after a terror attack in Brussels says they have never been able to track them down their 'angelic' mystery hero.
Mason Wells, 20, was seriously injured in an attack on Brussels on March 22, 2016 inside the Zaventem airport that left them bleeding and collapsing after the attack by the Islamic State. They have penned a book, 'Left Standing' about their experiences that day, as well as two other acts of terror that they escaped unharmed.
During the attack at the airport, Wells suddenly saw a young Middle Eastern woman rushing towards them while everyone else was running for their lives. They say they know their name is Isabel.
Long road to recovery. Both Mason Wells (left) and their fellow Mormon missionary, Joseph Dresden Empey (right) were injured during the attack on Brussels in 2016- both encountered the kindness of a mysterious Muslim hero named Isabel
Wells underwent six surgeries after the blast in which they suffered second degree burns on their face. They say a Muslim woman named Isabel helped get them through the attack
Joseph Dresden Empey, Sister Fanny Clain's MTC companion, Sister Clain and Mason Wells at the Provo Missionary Training Center. Both Empey and Wells were injured in the attack
'She had noticed me unable to move on the ground and came over to crouch beside me. Them name was Isabel,' they write in their book. 'Hey, hey, you're OK,' they said as Wells looked at them uneasily. 'You are hurt. How can I help you?'
'Though distraught, the look on their face was one of peace,' Wells writes. 'She had the look of an angel, displaying a quiet calm in the storm that made me feel that somehow everything would be OK.'
As Wells and Isabel spoke, they told them about their Mormon background and they revealed to them that they were Muslim.
Isabel also helped a fellow Mormon friend of Wells that day. More than 30 people died in two bombings in Brussels- carried out by suicide bombers. The second blast was at nearby Maalbeek metro station.
They say 18 months later, and they still have not been able to track them down- they even dedicated their book to their mysterious hero.
'My life was changed forever. Every day I wake up to a scarred hand,' they say in an interview with the Salt Lake Tribune. 'I'll carry shrapnel scars and skin grafts for the rest of my life. I've chosen to let those reminders draw me back to the heroes and blessings on that cold March day ... rather than the pain.'
Wells of Sandy, Utah, is greeted in a Belgian hospital by their parents on Thursday, March 24, 2016
Sister Fanny Clain, who was also injured in the attack was briefly reunited with Mason Wells and Joseph Dresden Empey
'I still haven't been able to find them [but] the impression they left on me will stay with me through the day I die,' Wells says. 'Her presence [was] a stark contrast to the killers. … They were proof that good and bad exist among all people in all walks of life.'
Wells says that they will keep with them the conviction that 'the actions of terrorists do not represent the beliefs of the hundreds of Muslims I talked with during my missionary service.'
Their fellow LDS member Joseph Dresden Empey, 20, was also hurt in the attack, and says Isabel's compassion touched them as well.
'As far as Islam goes, I have nothing but respect and love for the people of that faith,' Empey says. 'She was a true example of the Islamic faith, using it for good instead of to hurt people.'
Astonishingly, Wells was at the scene of two other terror attacks. They were at the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon waiting for their mother to finish when bombs went off.
Mason Wells is now at the Naval Academy- pictured here in their Naval uniform
Wells and their fellow Mormon brethren were here: The damaged front of Brussels Airport at Brussels Airport, in Zaventem, on March 23, 2016, a day after triple bomb attacks at the Brussels airport and at a subway train station killed 31 people and wounded more than 200
Wells was also here: Two explosions went off near the finish line of the 117th Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013
And Wells was here in 2015: Football fans leave the Stade de France stadium following the friendly football match between France and Germany in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, on November 13, 2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. At least 18 people were killed, with at least 15 people killed at the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris
Later, as a Mormon missionary in France, they found themselves running for their life amid civil and religious unrest after coordinated terror attacks rocked that country in late 2015.
Wells and Empey suffered serious injuries in the act of terror on Berlin. Empey still has scars and says they has 'quite a few pieces of shrapnel' still lodged that caused long-term nerve damage to their right leg and foot- though they say they are '100 per cent recovered.'
Wells suffered shrapnel wounds to their legs and a foot, and scorched by second-degree burns to their face and a hand.
Their road to recovery was long and painful. They underwent six operations, skin grafts and excruciating therapy sessions.
'The things I've experienced in life have added to my confidence that God lives and is watchful of our lives,' Wells explains. 'By embracing hope in good things to come, we can make the hard times less challenging, and find greater faith amid chaos.'
2014 only felt longer than most years.
Don't believe it? Pull out a calendar and check—365 days, the same as any year without a Feb. 29. But somehow it felt like this one packed a bit more than usual into the time.
Multiple elections, some less exciting than others. A tragic death outside a fire station, a missing 8-year-old. The end of Mayor-for-Life Marion Barry's symbolic tenure. Multiple changes to the District's drug laws, some less tolerable to Congress than others. An early playoff exit for the baseball team, a farce of a season for the football team, a stadium for the fútbol team. And of course, cranes, condo fees, and construction everywhere.
Making sense of it all is a little easier with the passage of some time, or at least that's the premise behind our annual Encyclopedia of D.C. Remembering the news that made the year feel like it dragged, or the events of the last month—that's the easy part, and that's in here, too. But flip through also to take solace in the new bookstores opening around town, or the local beer innovations, and to laugh, once again, at the $1 surcharge for artisanal ice. Think back to how fun listening to Ex Hex's album was, and celebrate the new Fringe Festival venue all over again.
By this time next year, chances are some of this stuff will still feel just as relevant (though maybe 2015 will finally be the year the streetcar finally does open). Which items, exactly? We'll all have to hang around another 365 days to figure that out. —Mike Madden
The Alberta Energy Regulator (AER) has approved a tailings management plan from oilsands giant Suncor, despite the plan relying on “newly patented, unproven technology” that will require decades of monitoring.
Wednesday's decision came only six months after the AER rejected Suncor's proposed plan for the same project because it relied on unproven technology and a 70-year timeline for reclamation. The regulator only later agreed to re-review the plan.
So what changed? Uh, nothing.
“Suncor really hasn't budged an inch in terms of actually changing anything,” said Jodi McNeill, policy analyst at the Pembina Institute, in an interview with DeSmog Canada.
Critics are also concerned that the approval will set the tone for the remaining seven tailings management plans: all of which depend on unproven technologies in some capacity.
“Suncor has been operating for 50 years: they shouldn't be given another 15 years to monitor and confirm tailings treatments that may or may not work,” said Tzeporah Berman, former co-chair of the Alberta Oil Sands Advisory Group, in an interview with DeSmog Canada.
“It is not a matter of the AER asking for more details. It's that oilsands companies should not continue to operate if they once again have shown they don't know how to clean up the mess they make. They have other technologies they can use. They just don't want to pay for them.”
Industry Has ‘Taken Advantage of Flexibility' of Regulator
It's been a long and windy road to get to this point.
Directive 085 was introduced by the AER in mid-2016 to replace the failed Directive 074, which was implemented in 2009 and saw every way company overshoot its respective tailing target without any consequence. The new regulations were intended to be less prescriptive and more flexible from plan to plan, working in tandem with the AER.
As evidenced by the approved Suncor plan, oilsands companies haven't changed their ways at all.
“Industry just hasn't held up their side of the bargain: they've come back with really vague, inadequate criteria and plans to water cap fluid tailings with extremely long reclamation timelines,” McNeill said. “They've taken advantage of that flexibility rather than using it as a way to come to the table with ambitious plans.”
The technology that McNeill referred to, water capping, would see fine tailings covered by freshwater to create an “end pit lake” that would eventually transition into a healthy aquatic ecosystem.
Glenn Miller, professor of natural resources and environmental science at the University of Nevada, has previously described end pit lakes as “a grand experiment that is highly uncertain and problematic.”
Suncor Must Provide Plan by 2023, Only 10 Years Before Planned Mine Closure
Suncor's revised application included a supplementary chemical treatment called Permanent Aquatic Storage Solution (PASS), intended to keep the fine tailings consolidated at the bottom of the pit.
“It's just another supplementary component of water capping, “McNeill said. “And it doesn't address the fact that water capping oilsands tailings itself is unproven, risky, extremely unpopular amongst stakeholders and unapproved by the regulator.”
McNeill said that if that fails, Suncor's fallback plan would require hundreds of years of monitoring and there would be a “really high likelihood that it's going to sink into an unmanaged swamp.”
Key Tailings Testing Facility Still MIA
As previously reported by DeSmog Canada, the Canadian Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA) — a research alliance of most oilsands producers — has long talked about constructing a massive test facility called the Demonstration Pit Lakes Project, featuring more than a dozen mock tailings ponds.
According to COSIA's website, the facility was scheduled to open in 2017. Yet there's still no indication that construction has even started on the project. That means the key testing facility planned to determine the viability of end pit lake technology is totally MIA, despite it needing at least 15 years of testing and monitoring to adequately evaluate.
The AER noted in its approval that the Government of Alberta is expected to create policy on water capping and end pit lakes, with Suncor proposing “final closure outcomes” for the plan by 2023.
But even if the Demonstration Pit Lakes Project opened tomorrow, that would only allow for five or six years of monitoring: less than half of what's required for proper evaluation.
“They're all banking on the results of these different COSIA projects to guide the use of those technologies,” McNeill said. “The difficult thing there is it's ultimately going to take decades to really understand all of the implications of this.”
Oilsands Companies Have Only Contributed $900 Million of $20 Billion in Securities
Compounding the problem is the lack of security deposits in the province's Mine Financial Security Program, established to prevent Albertans from having to pay clean-up costs if a company goes bankrupt.
Currently, there's only $1.4 billion in the fund, which is around $19 billion short of what's required for the conservative estimates of potential costs.
“The longer they are allowed to exist the more likely it is the taxpayers of Alberta and Canada will be stuck with the enormous cost of cleaning them up,” said Kevin Taft, former Alberta Liberal Party leader and author of the recent book Oil's Deep State, in an interview with DeSmog Canada. “When the bills come due for the tailings ponds in 15 years of more, Suncor may not even be in business.”
McNeill added that there's a very concerning vagueness around timelines and penalties for non-compliance: “There's no hard stop, no speed limits.”
Suncor Approval May Set Precedent For Remaining Tailings Plan Reviews
Ultimately, the AER receives its marching orders from the provincial government.
And even though Premier Rachel Notley was an ardent critic of tailings management while opposition environment critic, their government has failed to tighten acceptable parameters for reclamation or address long-standing criticisms of the AER, including lack of enforcement power, a mixed mandate and overly close relationship with industry.
“This shows that the AER still doesn't have any teeth,” said Mike Hudema, climate and energy campaigner for Greenpeace Canada.
“We've had four straight premiers pledge to remove tailings ponds from Alberta's landscape because of the toxic dangers that they pose. And what this announcement says is that we're going to continue to see tailings lakes not only grow in size but be around for the next century.”
McNeill added that Pembina Institute has had “a lot of difficulty in getting any level of responsiveness” from the province when it comes to handing down stronger directions to the regulator.
“This is what happens when a regulator is fully paid for and apparently run by the industry,” Taft concluded.
Photo: Julia Kilpatrick, the Pembina Institute
"It is offensive that someone would hide their identity at the very moment where they are committing to join the Canadian family," they said earlier this year.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has already said that covering one's face while taking the oath required to become a Canadian citizen is "not how we do things here."
In its ruling, the court deemed the ban "unlawful" — a decision that was met with swift condemnation from the Conservative government. And now, lawyers for Citizenship and Immigration Canada will fight to have its ban upheld by the Court of Appeal.
Last February, the Federal Court of Canada sided with Zunera Ishaq, a Pakistani Muslim woman who sued Canada's immigration ministry over a policy that requires new Canadians remove their face-covering veils — also known as a niqab — while taking their oath of citizenship. The 29-year-old says the niqab ban violates their religious belief that their face and hair must remain covered in the presence of men.
The showdown over Canada's ban on face-coverings during citizenship ceremonies takes center stage in an Ottawa courtroom tomorrow, for a case that has reignited a national debate about multiculturalism and religious freedom in the country.
Read more
The showdown over Canada's ban on face-coverings during citizenship ceremonies takes center stage in an Ottawa courtroom tomorrow, for a case that has reignited a national debate about multiculturalism and religious freedom in the country.
Last February, the Federal Court of Canada sided with Zunera Ishaq, a Pakistani Muslim woman who sued Canada's immigration ministry over a policy that requires new Canadians remove their face-covering veils — also known as a niqab — while taking their oath of citizenship. The 29-year-old says the niqab ban violates their religious belief that their face and hair must remain covered in the presence of men.
In its ruling, the court deemed the ban "unlawful" — a decision that was met with swift condemnation from the Conservative government. And now, lawyers for Citizenship and Immigration Canada will fight to have its ban upheld by the Court of Appeal.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has already said that covering one's face while taking the oath required to become a Canadian citizen is "not how we do things here."
"It is offensive that someone would hide their identity at the very moment where they are committing to join the Canadian family," they said earlier this year.
In its factum filed with the court, government lawyers defend the niqab ban, writing that the ministry's guidelines for citizenship ceremonies protect Canada's multicultural values.
The factum lists a number of situations in which it says Ishaq, who has been a permanent resident in Canada since 2008, has lifted their veil in public, including to have their driver's license and health card photo taken, as well as for their citizenship interview and airport screenings. It adds that Ishaq has refused their offer to conduct the oath in a section of the room where they would "not generally be seen by other participants during the very brief period of time when the oath was being recited."
But this does not ensure that they would be lifting their veil in private, away from men.
Related: Quebec Wants to Ban Religious Face Coverings for Government Workers
Immigration Minister Chris Alexander told VICE News this spring that if someone wants to become a Canadian, they have to be seen and heard taking the oath. "When you become a citizen, you don't get to dictate the rules. The rules apply equally to everyone...You don't get to come to Canada and decide the rules don't apply to you," they said.
In an op-ed Ishaq wrote for the Toronto Star in March, they say "I have taken my niqab off for security and identity reasons in every case where that's been required of me," such as taking a driver's license photo or going through airport security.
"I will take my niqab off again before the oath ceremony without protest so I can be properly identified. I will not take my niqab off at that same ceremony for the sole reason that someone else doesn't like it, even if that person happens to be Stephen Harper," they wrote.
Ishaq has also found a strong ally in the government of Ontario, which filed its own factum supporting their position to the court of appeal last week. It argues that requiring a Muslim woman to take off their niqab in order for them to take their citizenship oath "fails to respect and accommodate the diversity of religious beliefs and sociocultural backgrounds of Canadians."
Last week, it was revealed that another Muslim woman has also been fighting the government's niqab policy. Maiia Mykolayivna Zaafrane, of Montreal, filed a complaint to the Canadian Human Rights Commission in April 2014 against Citizenship and Immigration Canada, alleging that its niqab ban was discriminatory and violates the Canadian Human Rights Act. If the commission's tribunal agrees with her, they could receive compensation.
In June, the day the House of Commons broke for summer break, Canada's federal minister of state for multiculturalism tabled new legislation that would require someone to uncover their face when taking the oath of Canadian citizenship.
A poll conducted in March found that most Canadians agree with the Conservatives that women should not wear their niqabs while taking their citizenship oaths.
Follow Rachel Browne on Twitter: @rp_browne
Photo via Flickr user David Dennis
For decades, Filipina women have fought for the right to control their own bodies, from contraception access to abortion rights. And now they are closer than ever to achieving that goal—but it is turning into a raging political battle that leaves countless women's lives hanging in the balance.
I am not Filipina. I am a white American blogger and small business owner in New York City. So you can imagine my surprise when a two-year-old blog post of mine suddenly made it to the floor of the Philippine Senate last month. According to the Filipino reporters who alerted me to this, Sen. Vicente “Tito” Sotto III lifted entire passages from a post I wrote for Feminists For Choice and twisted them into an anti-choice argument against an important reproductive rights bill in the country.
The bill in question, the Responsible Parenthood, Reproductive Health and Population and Development Act (commonly referred to as the Reproductive Health Bill, has been lingering in Congress for 14 years. It directs the country's health department to make available “medically safe, legal, accessible, affordable and effective reproductive health care services nationwide.” It also includes a provision mandating “age-appropriate reproductive health and sexuality education” from the fifth grade through high school.
Sotto has gone to great lengths to argue against the bill, presenting questionable content as medical facts, such as railing against oral contraceptives as being potentially deadly and claiming condoms have a low efficacy rate. The piece that Sotto plagiarizes discusses Indian nationalist leader Mohandas Gandhi's little-known sexism, and though they misconstrue my argument it's ironic that they chose this particular piece, as it aptly reflects their own hypocrisy as a political leader.
My blog post, titled “Gandhi's birth control of choice,” discusses the relationship between Margaret Sanger and Gandhi, and their views on birth control. Sanger had, at one point, made a considerable effort to gain Gandhi as an ally in their mission to spread the use of oral contraceptives worldwide. But they refused the partnership, encouraging their followers to practice self-restraint instead of using contraceptives.
I took the piece a step further, presenting a full overview of Gandhi's exploitation of women. In the later years of their life, they slept nude with young, attractive women (including their 18-year-old grandniece) as part of the practice of brahmacharya, or complete control over the senses. Gandhi meant to show those around them that not only was they able to restrain themselves sexually, but that others could do the same.
While I have a lot of respect for Gandhi as a civil rights leader, I am highly disturbed by this aspect of their life.
Given the content of my post and my very pro-contraception position, I could hardly understand how my words could be used to argue against reproductive rights. But lo and behold, it turns out that entire segments of my post were used by Sotto, albeit put into an anti-choice context. What's more, they have oddly used the words of several other bloggers, writers and case studies in their speeches.
I would love nothing more than to see this bill passed, and am angry that my work would be used to stall its advancement. It is my hope that Sotto will apologize to each of the bloggers they have plagiarized, and that this story might actually serve to increase the exposure of the Reproductive Health Bill.
Currently, a vote on the Reproductive Health Bill has to yet take place in the Philippine Senate and House of Representatives. Advocates of the bill are pushing for a vote before the year's end, and some senators say that, despite the anti-choice sentiments of Sotto and Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile, the bill has enough support in the legislature to be passed.
Photo of Filipino Sen. Tito Sotto from their official website.
For years those who advocated even a scholarly examination of secession were labeled “crackpots” and “fringe radicals” by the establishment. Secession had gone out of fashion with hoopskirts and mint juleps and had been “settled” by the gun in 1865. That argument worked well while the American empire seemed to be the glorious land of free people and a free economy. Just like Rome during the Pax Romana, why would anyone want to leave the immense majesty of the American peace? Much has changed in the last twenty years, and many Americans are coming to see secession as a remedy for the unfixable problems of the American regime, from bloated bureaucracy, high taxes, endless wars, broken healthcare and education systems, moral and ethical decline, and cheap money. And it is no longer just the “fringe” advancing this position. Secession has gone mainstream.
Case in point is a new book by Douglas MacKinnon, The Secessionist States of America. MacKinnon would have been an unlikely candidate to write this book even ten years ago. They worked for the Reagan administration and is a popular guest on mainstream political television. MacKinnon is as mainstream as Sean Hannity, and yet unlike most talking heads on Fox News or CNN they were intellectually curious. This led to a dabbling in the theory of secession. MacKinnon eventually had what they describe as an uncomfortable revelation. What if America cannot be fixed from the inside? What if the next election or the next politician never made the situation better, but actually worse? What should Americans concern with the out of control government in Washington D.C. do about it? Their answer: secession.
MacKinnon spends several chapters outlining the American principle of secession, from the American War for Independence to Lincoln's illegal war against the South in 1861. They cite Americans from the founding era to the present, including yours truly here and here, who have argued and continue to argue that secession is both legal and the American political tradition. MacKinnon did their research and their arguments are solid. The Politically Incorr... Brion McClanahan Best Price: $4.40 Buy New $10.37 (as of 10:45 EST - Details)
They then moves to a discussion on how modern secession would work. Their approach here resembles two secessionist movements of the last one hundred years or so, one by black Americans following the War Between the States, the other a current movement in New Hampshire. The Exodus movement of the 1870s and 1880s led by Benjamin “Pap” Singleton centered on the goal of establishing black dominated “colonies” in Kansas, Colorado, Indiana, Missouri, and Illinois. Their central theme was economic, political, and social independence and freedom. This was an act of secession. Singleton and their followers did not believe they would ever be fully represented or protected in the United States, and these colonies would serve as culturally similar independent communities free from federal interference. If you can't be free and can't be safe, leave. The Free State Project in New Hampshire is an analogous plan. It calls for libertarians and small government minded people to move to New Hampshire to create free government and economic zones that foster free thinking and free government. The Free State Project has a smaller scope than Singleton's Exodus, but both rely on individual acts of secession in a community setting. Neither are atomistic and recognize the importance of community and The Founding Fathers G... Brion McClanahan Best Price: $2.37 Buy New $29.95 (as of 10:45 EST - Details) interpersonal relationships and culture. After all, good fences can make good neighbors.
MacKinnon suggests that people peacefully migrate to South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida in order to craft a “traditional values” country named “Reagan.” They selected these States because of their traditional culture and their resources, both human-made and natural. This would not be a place for everyone, obviously, but those who hold the same values would be free to have a republic of their own. How novel. MacKinnon consistently emphasizes that this would be a peaceful act of self-determination and suggests, quite pointedly, that any act of aggression against this new “nation” would be one of the greatest war crimes in history. World opinion would hold such an act of aggression in contempt.
MacKinnon's book is important for two reasons. First, it is a clear example that Americans who would have been unwilling to advance a solution like secession are now listening to and even advancing the idea. Ron Paul recently wrote that the idea of secession should be open for discussion. Second, and more importantly, MacKinnon debunks the common notion that secession would be crushed by force Forgotten Conservative... Brion McClanahan, Clyd... Best Price: $15.00 Buy New $20.98 (as of 12:55 EST - Details) if tried. Why? If enough Americans come to understand secession is an act of peace, not war, then why would secession be met by force? It does not have to be this way, and MacKinnon rightly attacks the Lincoln myth to emphasize their point. Lincoln could have chosen another path. It would have been the American thing to do.
Certainly the prospect of secession in 2014 is almost impossible. It would take years to do what MacKinnon suggests and even then it would require a more robust effort in educating the American public about the idea of peaceful self-determination. We have to undo one-hundred and fifty years of American propaganda on the issue. But MacKinnon's book along with other developments around the world and the American response to them gives hope that secession may be a realistic option in the future.
The Best of Brion McClanahan
Narvaez Wins Final Gila Stage; Young Hurt In Crash
Last updated: 11:05 a.m. EDT, Tuesday, April 25
Pinos Altos, New Mexico - Jhonatan Narvaez won Axeon Hagens Berman's seventh UCI race of the season on Sunday - and its first in the United States - by capturing the final-day "Gila Monster" stage of the Tour of the Gila.
The team's post-stage celebration was muted by news that Chad Young was badly hurt in a high-speed crash while descending a mountain 73 kilometers from the end of the 161.9-km race. The 21-year-old from Newmarket, New Hampshire, was life-flighted to a hospital in Tucson, Arizona, where they were listed in critical, but stable condition, with severe facial injuries.
Narvaez Also 'Best Young Rider'
On the most mountainous day of the five-stage USA Cycling Pro Road Tour event, Narvaez won from an eight-man group that survived three categorized climbs in the final 45 kilometers. Four of the eight riders were from Rally Cycling, including double-stage winner Evan Huffman, who went on to win the overall title.
"It was four Rally guys and Sergei Tvetcov (Jelly Belly presented by Maxxis), TJ Eisenhart (Holowesko-Citadel Racing presented by Hincapie), Jhonatan and Gavin Mannion (UnitedHealthcare Pro Cycling Team," Axeon Hagens Berman Sport Director Jeff Louder said. "From there, Rally just rode tempo to the finish. No one on their own felt strong enough to do something. But Jonathan played it really smart. I told them to take their chance when they could. They were super patient and jumped with about 250 meters to go."
Narvaez finished sixth overall while earning their fourth victory of the year. They added to a pair of wins in their home country in January and the overall title at the Circuit des Ardennes International in France earlier this month. The Ecuadorian Under 23 time trial champion also earned "best young rider" honors while helping Axeon Hagens Berman win for the 19th time this year. That total includes seven victories in UCI competition in six different countries by five different riders.
"I am very grateful to my team and sponsors," Narvaez said. "It has really been a complicated day. I think Rally showed how solid they are with how they dominated the race. I feel I was able to race intelligently and was able to win. I am very happy and feel it has been a tough day. But it is very special for me to have won."
Crash Involved Young And Anderson
Young's crash came as they were chasing back after being part of an early 18-man breakaway along with teammate Michael Rice. Young and teammate Edward Anderson both went down on the descent, along with at least four others. Anderson was treated by race medical staff for minor injuries and finished the stage.
Axeon Hagens Berman General Manager Axel Merckx learned of the crash while monitoring the race from their home in Canada.
"At this point, we simply ask everyone in the cycling community to please keep Chad in their thoughts and prayers," Merckx said.
A third-year member of the Under 23 development program, Young was competing in the Tour of the Gila for the first time and had been sitting 31st overall. In Saturday's criterium, they finished 11th, behind teammates Christopher Blevins and Rice, who were sixth and seventh, respectively. Prior to the Tour of the Gila, they competed in the San Dimas Stage Race and the Joe Martin Stage Race. They also raced in Europe this spring at the Classica da Arrabida in Portugal .
Updates on Young's condition will be shared on Axeon Hagens Berman's Twitter feed: www.twitter.com/axeonhb.
Header photo of Stage 5 winner Jhonatan Narvaez by Casey B. Gibson.
Riders Mentioned in this post
More Axeon updates:
Cassini sent its final signal early Friday morning before making a fiery plunge into Saturn's atmosphere, where it lasted 20 seconds longer than anticipated as it burned up.
JPL received its final transmission from the spacecraft just before 5 a.m. Shortly after that, project manager Earl Maize made it official and declared: "End of mission." Applause and tears followed.
Launched in 1997 to study Saturn — a mere 746 million miles or so away from Earth — Cassini was the first spacecraft to enter the giant gas planet's orbit.
While Cassini's life is over, scientists will spend years combing through the treasure trove of data and images it gathered during its two decades of exploration.
This natural color view, created using images taken with red, green and blue spectral filters, was the last image taken by the cameras on NASA's Cassini spacecraft. It was acquired on Sept. 14, 2017 at 19:59 UTC (spacecraft event time). The view was taken in visible light using Cassini's wide-angle camera at a distance of 394,000 miles from Saturn. NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
Taken by NASA's Cassini spacecraft on Sept. 13, 2017, this is among the last images Cassini sent back to Earth. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
This view of Enceladus was taken by NASA's Cassini spacecraft on Sept. 13, 2017. It is among the last images Cassini sent back. NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
This image of Saturn's outer A ring features the small moon Daphnis and the waves it raises in the edges of the Keeler Gap. The image was taken by NASA's Cassini spacecraft on Sept. 13, 2017. It is among the last images Cassini sent back to Earth. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
It may look as though Saturn's moon Mimas is crashing through the rings in this image taken by NASA's Cassini spacecraft, but Mimas is actually 28,000 miles away from the rings. The gravitational pull of Mimas (246 miles across) creates waves in Saturn's rings that are visible in some Cassini images. The image was taken in green light with Cassini's narrow-angle camera on Oct. 23, 2016. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 114,000 miles from Mimas. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
Saturn's largest and second largest moons, Titan and Rhea, appear to be stacked on top of each other in this true-color scene from NASA's Cassini spacecraft. The north polar hood can be seen on Titan (3,200 miles across) appearing as a detached layer at the top of the moon on the top right. Images taken using red, green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this natural-color view. The images were acquired with Cassini's narrow-angle camera on June 16, 2011, at a distance of approximately 1.1 million miles. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
With giant Saturn hanging in the blackness and sheltering Cassini from the sun's blinding glare, the spacecraft viewed the rings as never before, revealing previously unknown faint rings and even glimpsing its home world. This panoramic view was created by combining 165 images taken by Cassini's wide-angle camera over nearly three hours on Sept. 15, 2006. NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
Three of Saturn's moons — Tethys, Enceladus, and Mimas — are captured in this group photo from NASA's Cassini spacecraft. Tethys (660 miles across) appears above the rings. Enceladus (313 miles across) sits just below center. Mimas (246 miles across) hangs below and to the left of Enceladus. The image was taken in visible light with Cassini's narrow-angle camera on Dec. 3, 2015. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 837,000 miles from Enceladus. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
Since NASA's Cassini spacecraft arrived at Saturn in mid-2004, the planet's appearance has changed greatly. The shifting angle of sunlight as the seasons march forward has illuminated the giant hexagon-shaped jet stream around the north polar region, and the subtle bluish hues seen earlier in the mission have continued to fade. This view shows Saturn's northern hemisphere, as that part of the planet nears its northern hemisphere summer solstice. Saturn's year is nearly 30 Earth years long. Cassini scanned across the planet and its rings on April 25, 2016, capturing three sets of red, green and blue images to cover this entire scene. The images were obtained using Cassini's wide-angle camera at a distance of approximately 1.9 million miles from Saturn. NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
NASA's Cassini spacecraft zoomed by Saturn's icy moon Enceladus on Oct. 14, 2015, capturing this stunning image of the moon's North Pole. Scientists expected the north polar region of Enceladus to be heavily cratered, based on low-resolution images from the Voyager mission, but high-resolution Cassini images show a landscape of stark contrasts. Thin cracks cross over the pole, the northernmost extent of a global system of such fractures. Before this Cassini flyby, scientists did not know if the fractures extended so far north on Enceladus. The image was taken in visible green light with Cassini's narrow-angle camera. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 4,000 miles from Enceladus. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
This image was taken as Cassini was looking across the South Pole of Enceladus. At the time, the spacecraft was essentially in the moon's equatorial plane. The image was taken through the clear filter of the narrow angle camera on November 30, 2010, 1.4 years after the southern autumnal equinox. The shadow of the body of Enceladus on the lower portions of the jets is clearly seen. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
This near-infrared, color mosaic from NASA's Cassini spacecraft shows the sun glinting off of Titan's north polar seas. The glint, also called a specular reflection, is the bright area near the 11 o'clock position at upper left. This mirror-like reflection, known as the specular point, is in the south of Titan's largest sea, Kraken Mare, just north of an island archipelago separating two parts of the sea. The view was acquired during Cassini's August 21, 2014 flyby of Titan, also referred to as "T104" by the Cassini team. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
Quote Hey folks,
We know that there have been many questions about the Contraband Slot Machine and its intent. Here are a few notes on it: The Contraband Slot Machine is not bugged.
It is 100% not an exploit to use the Slot Machine.
an exploit to use the Slot Machine. If you feel the desire to sell access to your Stronghold, that's totally up to you. As a reminder, do not scam people as that is against ToS.
We added the Slot Machine as a fun idea based on the positive feedback from the Nightlife event, so spend those credits to your heart's content! With that being said, we do hear the concern from many of you around the effects of the Jawa Junk's drop rate on the economy. We are going to take a look at it and make changes accordingly. I will let you know once I know more. In the meantime, have fun!
-eric Eric Musco | Community Manager
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.]
“Rhythm” and “violence” are two words that had probably never been put side-by-side until Thumper was released in late 2016. But to play Thumper is to understand the combination of those seemingly unrelated words. The game is aggressive and oppressing, anxiety-inducing and transfixing, but it's also one of the best rhythm games in the last decade, and it finds a perfect home on the Nintendo Switch.
Thumper is best thought of as a chaotic symphony of flashing lights, thunderous bass, shiny metal, and pure speed that, against all odds, melds into a seamless experience. Players take control of a chrome-plated scarab that automatically surges forward on a track littered with obstacles. These obstacles include hairpin turns, rings, glowing bramble, and Guitar-Hero-like notes on the floor. Each of these track hazards requires a special button press (or a combination of buttons) to clear, and failing to punch the correct button will strip away the scarab's armor. Miss two timed button presses in a row and the level resets.
The timing of each obstacle matches certain parts of the pulsing score. The matching isn't always 1:1. but it's close enough that I began associating certain hazards with specific sounds, anticipating loops and positioning my scarab accordingly. It's at this point that Thumper wormed its way into my skull and took control. I became one with the shining beetle, driven purely by instinct and guided by the pounding industrial soundtrack. The undulating, writhing, unfolding geometry around the track faded into my periphery and I was one with the game. These “trances” are what make Thumper such an engaging experience.
Each of the nine stages is broken up into a few dozen levels, with a mid-level boss and an end-level boss thrown in. Both bosses require a series of small, perfect runs to defeat, with the last note propelling an energy blast into the enemy's weak spot. Unfortunately, there's not a ton of diversity in the boss battles, with the mid-stage enemies being simple geometric shapes, and the final-stage boss a freaky head with fiery orange eyes. Though the obstacles leading up to each do change, I would have enjoyed seeing more bosses created in Thumper's unique art style.
The game runs in a crisp 720p, 60 frames per second in handheld mode, and 1080p, 60 frames per second in docked mode. Most importantly, I suffered no frame rate drops, dips, or chugging. Even during the most intense stages, with flashing lights and particle effects, the game never wavered. I'd go so far as to say it ranks as one of thebest-performing, consistent games on the console.
Thumper, at its core, is all about sensory overload, and I've found a large television to be the best way to experience that. Though I appreciate having Thumper on the go in handheld mode, something does get lost in in the transition. A 6.2-inch screen simply cannot offer the immersion of a large TV (or a VR headset on the PS4 and PC) andI found myself far less invested in the experience. If you plan on playing Thumper on the move, just know that you'll be missing out on some of the best aspects of the game.
If you're a Switch owner, plug in some bass-heavy headphones, crank up the volume, turn off the lights, and let Thumper wash over you. Not only is it the best rhythm game in years, it immediately cements itself as one of the best games on the Switch. At a mere $20, it's one of the best values on the console. Thumper deserves aplace in every Switch library.
9/10
Yesterday afternoon, president Goodluck Jonathan became the first recipient of Nigeria's new national eID card, in a ceremony at the presidential villa in the capital Abuja. The cards will be issued to 13 million Nigerians as part of a pilot project, with the ultimate aim of producing a national identity management system (NIMS).
Nigeria's NIMS is an ambitious attempt to consolidate data from different government agencies, including birth and death records, health insurance, tax information, and driver licensing in a country with a population of 168.2 million people.
The director general of the commission which will implement NIMS, Chris 'E Onyemenam, said at the launch that the card will eventually be used for border control as well.
Read this Answering the call of the un-phoned: Can an African virtual SIM gamble pay off? Airtel has launched a fresh assault on the African market with a novel virtual SIM proposition - tech targeting those for whom even the SIM card is too expensive, locking them out of the continent's booming mobile market. Read More
"There are many use cases for the card, including the potential to use it as an international travel document," Onyemenam said. "NIMC is focused on inclusive citizenship, more effective governance, and the creation of a cashless economy, all of which will stimulate economic growth, investment and trade."
The new cards carry two photographs of the holder, and a chip storing an individual's biometric information including 10 fingerprints and an iris scan using a system developed by Cryptovision.
Nigeria first attempted to introduce identity cards 10 years ago and, as well as modernising the service delivery and improving bureaucracy, the government is now keen to throw off its international reputation as a hotbed of fraud dating back to the many email-based '419 scams' that originated from the country.
Nigeria now boasts the largest economy on the African continent and its growth as a business centre is now making headlines in the business press.
Corruption remains a major issue in Nigeria, however, and has been credited by Transparency International as being the root cause of the rise of the terror organisation Boko Haram.
Civil liberties NGO Privacy International, which has raised concerns about misuse of surveillance data in Nigeria in the past — including the arrest of four journalists last year — said that the ambition of the data integration is worrying.
"Centralising and combining government databases makes it easy to link together pieces of information about an individual and build a near complete picture of someone's life," said the organisation's legal officer, Anna Crowe.
"This type of capability is extremely invasive. The crucial issue is to put in place safeguards that guarantee fundamental principles of data protection are being respected, such as only using data for the purposes for which it was collected. This is extremely challenging for any country, let alone one that already faces significant challenges around corruption and ensuring respect for human rights."
Perhaps the most controversial aspect of the cards, however, is that they combine a civil national identity scheme with a strongly commercial initiative. The new cards won't just operate as proof of identity for citizens — they also function as payment cards backed by the local Access Bank and carry the Mastercard logo on the back.
"National ID schemes can prove problematic in many respects, but commercialisation of such a scheme raises additional, and serious, questions," Crowe said. "What does Mastercard and the bank's involvement entail? Will data be shared for commercial gain? How can Nigerians be confident that their right to privacy is being upheld?
"When you register to vote you are doing so for a specific purpose — to be able to exercise your rights — not to see your information handed on to a private company without your consent or knowledge."
If the new cards work according to plan, Nigerians will be able to use them to deposit funds, pay for government services and access pensions, but also to buy goods or withdraw cash from EMV-equipped ATMs and payment points. Mastercard's business head for West Africa, Omoke Ojumuyide, said that it will be used to offer financial services for the presently 'unbanked' and help establish credit ratings for the poor.
"The objective is that every Nigerian bank will eventually be involved," Ojumuyide said. "The focus is not to create unfair competitive advantage."
The cards use Mastercard's pre-payment systems and can be topped up remotely using mobile payments. Ojumuyide said that this will be used for delivering social security and that the government is looking at ways to deliver benefits such as hydrocarbon subsidies — which are currently paid directly to fuel distributors — directly as cashless payments to citizens.
Right now, Ojumuyide said, the primary aim is to establish how a mixed use card will work during the pilot program, and long term agreements haven't yet been signed. The different applications on the card will be fully siloed, they said, in order to allay privacy concerns.
"Mastercard does not handle the biometric data," they said. "We are strictly confined to the payment technology on the chip."
Read more on Africa
Computer Case: Weighted Companion Cube
This is perhaps one of our favorite computer cases that we've made over the years. Normally a cube isn't an exciting deviation from the standard computer case, the rectangle prism, but this one is different. Not only is this cube weighted but it also a replica of the weighted companion cube from the video game series Portal. Some of you sober-eyed types who play video games might have recognized the similarity by now. How it resembles that cube you once had an encounter with, that abruptly ended when you threw it in a pit of fire. You monster.
This replica of the weighted companion cube was made with love (you wouldn't know what that is). It was designed in SketchUp and cut out on our CNC machine. The cut out panels were then hand painted and assembled into the cube shape it is now.
Before I continue let me get this out of the way and say that manning up and finally buying a CNC machine was a great idea. For the first few months that we had it we would give it a design to cut and spend the entire time watching it cut out the design, mesmerizer by how it makes the wood disappears as the bit moves by. This is very similar to the time when I bought a roomba vacuum. I would turn it on and watch it do its entire hour-long vacuum run; all the while thinking to myself how much time I'm saving by not having to vacuum manually. Here is a video that shows our CNC cutting out the panels of the weighted companion cube.
The top of the cube has sections of the wood cut out and is designed to be the exhaust port. We originally planned to put a large, 140mm, fan right beneath it but didn't. We ran the pc without the fan installed (didn't have it on hand) and noticed that it ran plenty cool. Turned out that there was enough open space inside the cube for the warm air to freely flow through the exhaust hole. At the back of the case we opted to cut out a rectangle for the ports. We toyed with the idea to have the CNC cut out exact holes to match every port on the motherboard. It would look better than just a rectangle hole, no argument here, but at the same time it would make it a hassle to plug things into the ports, primary because the wood around them would be so thick.
We had this cube for about a year now and one of the unfortunate things that happened to it is that the wooden panel have become warped. It still looks great in real life though and definitely adds a nice touch to the room.
This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant!
Job Description
About J.P. Morgan Corporate & Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader in Banking. The world's corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. The Corporate & Investment Bank supports our clients around the world providing strategic advice, raising capital and managing risk.
Who we are
The Blockchain Center of Excellence (BCOE) leads and coordinates all blockchain and distributed ledger-related activities within the Corporate and Investment Bank, which have grown to include a dedicated technology team, key partnerships with leading blockchain technology providers, and active participation in industry forums. Additionally, the BCOE oversees both selection and execution of internal and external use cases to test and deploy distributed ledger technology. The BCOE represents our commitment to exploring and deploying distributed ledger technology, and since its foundation we have positioned J.P. Morgan as a leader in this field.
As we scale our efforts and activities in this area, the BCOE's mandate has grown to include:
– Developing and executing a comprehensive distributed ledger technology strategy for the Corporate and Investment Bank
– Developing the in-house view on potential applications and impact of distributed ledger technology across all of our businesses
– Partnering with our businesses and their leadership teams to identify and develop high-potential use cases and technology applications, and oversee the development and execution of these use cases
– Building an industry-leading, enterprise-ready distributed ledger technology stack working with highly-talented engineers
– Build strategic relationships with distributed ledger technology providers and maintain existing strategic relationships
– Lead the industry's adoption of this technology by targeted and active participation in key industry forums (e.g., R3 DLG, Hyperledger Project), and building relationships with other industry participants (e.g., Dealers, Buy-Side firms, CCPs)
– Work with industry regulators and organizations to ensure regulatory and legal considerations are considered and addressed when driving industry adoption
Qualifications
We are looking for outstanding product and delivery managers. You will own the product from conception to delivery, working alongside other members of our group. You will bridge the technical and business worlds, ensuring we are building the right products for the right clients in the right time. You will work with senior business leaders, external blockchain technology and service providers, and internal engineering teams to define, develop, and deliver distributed ledger solutions within JPMorgan.
Ideally, you will have experience in some combination of the following:
– strategy and feature development of an enterprise-grade financial technology product
– front, middle, or back office exposure to an institutional line of business like wholesale payments, derivatives settlement, foreign exchange, asset backed securities, custody and collateral management, etc.
– understanding of distributed ledger applications to institutional banking, including a technical understanding of cryptocurrency technology fundamentals and how they are / are not relevant to private distributed ledger implementations
No matter your background, you are eager to roll up your sleeves and build things. In the end, what matters to us is that when something needs to get done, people usually come to you.
You care about disruptive technologies and have opinions on the future of banking, the payments system, and how to improve upon our existing financial infrastructure.
Interested?
Send us your resume, LinkedIn profile, and/or twitter handle.
JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran.
Job
Product Development
Primary Location
US-NY-Brooklyn-4 Chase Metrotech Ctr / 03357
Organization
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANK
Schedule
Full-time
Job Type
Standard
Shift
Day Job
Corporate Brand J.P. Morgan
Job Types: Full-Time.
1800 total views, 2 today
Tweet
Toate canalele de stiri au preluat fara discernamant propaganda de partid si de stat anuntand cu surle si trambite ca Romania a avut crestere economica record in 2013 de 3,5%. Primul ministru insusi nu mai pridideste sa se impauneze cu anul 2013 si sa repete ca o moara stricata acelasi mesaj subliminal alegatorilor aducator de bunastare si vremuri bune. Vrea sa arate electoratului cat de virtuosi au fost el si cu colegii de cabinet si cat de multe lucruri au facut bune pentru Romania de cand sunt la guvernare. Clasica pledoarie demagogica electorala cu damf de faliment a politicianului ieftin care isi simte scaunul pus in pericol de un electorat satul de minciuni si de poleiala care infasoara gunoiul, mizeria dar mai ales saracia din aceasta tara. De un electorat nerabdator sa vada si in buzunarul sau bunastare dupa ani de criza care par ca nu se mai termina. Trei lucruri sunt considerate de catre guvern ca fiind meritorii pentru anul 2013: 1. Cresterea PIB-ului cu aproape 3% (zice primul ministru ca ar fi cea mai mare crestere economica din ultimii 5 ani); 2. Scaderea inflatiei si 3. Deficitul bugetar mentinut in limita de 3% din PIB. Nici unul dintre punctele forte mentionate de premier nu a tinut semnificativ de guvern si de politicile publice “inteligente” pe care le-a implementat in 2013. Au fost pur conjuncturali si dependente de factori exogeni Palatului Victoria.
Am sa explic primul dintre punctele forte: cresterea economica de aproape 3% in 2013. Ea vine pe fondul unui an agricol bun, cu ploaie si soare suficiente, care, pentru o economie ce are un PIB dependent in proportie de 10% de agricultura (de vreo 5 ori peste media tarilor dezvoltate din Uniunea Europeana), devine fundamental. Ploaia si soarele nu au fost gestionate de la butoanele Palatului Victoria. Au fost o sansa care se pare ca in 2014 nu se va mai repeta (oricum doi ani consecutivi buni agricoli e putin probabil sa avem). Daca dam deoparte agricultura din PIB observam ca in 2013 am crescut mai putin decat in 2012.
Interesant este ca aceasta crestere a PIB din 2013 vine pe fondul stagnarii consumului privat (o crestere nesemnificativa in 2013) dar si incetinirii semnificative a investitiilor in sectorul privat (scaderea acumularii brute de capital fix este evidenta la nivelul economiei reale – vezi sursa [1], cel putin pentru bunurile de folosinta indelungata cum sunt masinile situatia este complicata – vezi sursa [2]). Ce a crescut atunci in PIB pentru a avea dinamica pe care am inregistrat-o in 2013? Au crescut evident cheltuielile guvernamentale dar nu pe partea de investitii aducatoare de profituri viitoare (nici nu e posibil asa ceva in sectorul guvernamenta) ci pe partea de salarii (au fost reintregite salarii taiate de guvernarile anterioare – o promisiune electorala dealtfel) si pe partea de consumabile (vezi sursa [3] si [4] pentru structura si dinamica cheltuielilor publice in 2013 – cresterea cheltuielilor totale la nivelul bugetului de stat este de 5,53% in 2013 pe 11 luni fata de 2012 pe 11 luni). Exportul net a crescut si el usor insa fara foarte mare folos pentru Romania care depinde in proportie insemnata de exportul de autovehicule ce vin echipate cu motoare si accesorii care se produc in alta parte, la noi doar se asambleaza, se vopsesc si se cosmetizeaza masinile in vederea revanzarii lor, cu recuperarea TVA-ului aferent de 24%.
Deci guvernul se lauda cu cresterea PIB care de fapt vine din cresterea cheltuielilor guvernamentale in mare parte. Cheltuieli guvernamentale care se substituie de fapt cheltuielilor private fiind alimentate de o taxare sufocanta. Mai mult ele sunt alimentate si de o datorie publica in crestere cu un ritm care depaseste cresterea PIB din 2013 (vezi sursa [5]).
Anii Datoria administratiilor publice Ritm anual Datoria publica totala Ritm anual 2008 59420,7 na 69020,4 na 2009 106762,3 79,7% 118491,4 71,7% 2010 146740,6 37,4% 159617,1 34,7% 2011 179102 22,1% 193200,9 21,0% 2012 207518,5 15,9% 222794,3 15,3% 2013* 226870,4 9,3% 242043,2 8,6%
* – octombrie 2013
Observam ca in ultimii ani datoria publica a Romaniei a crescut exponential (a ajuns in 2013 la o pondere de 38% din PIB, pondere care este in crestere). Sunt ani in care ea a crescut enorm fara a beneficia de cresterea economica, dimpotriva in 2009 si 2010 am avut o prabusire semnificativa a PIB pe care indatorarea guvernului nu a putut-o compensa. E drept ca ritmul de crestere al datoriei publice s-a incetinit semnificativ dar tot este de 3 ori mai mare decat cresterea economica a Romaniei.
In concluzie, in spatele cresterii economice se ascund datorii mai multe si cheltuieli guvernamentale mai mari. Romania in 2013 a crescut prin expandarea si mai mult a statului pe datorie. Aceasta nu este o crestere nici reala si nici durabila. E ca si cum ma uit la vecinul meu si intr-o zi il vad cum incepe sa care la mobila si aparatura electronica, toate cumparate din cardul sau de credit si raman mut de uimire la cresterea sa economica. Aceasta crestere economica este iluzorie si se face pe fondul sacrificarii cresterilor economice viitoare cand toate aceste datorii acumulate de sectorul public, in mare parte pentru pensii, salarii si cheltuieli cu bunuri si servicii la preturi indoielnic de mari, trebuie date inapoi (culmea de altii nu de cei care le-au contractat in numele lor si le-au risipit pe te miri ce). Toate guvernele din ultima perioada au sacrificat viitorul si bunastarea noastra pentru a avea o pace sociala aparenta si iluzia unor lucruri bine guvernate si planificate de la centru. Aceasta paradigma de sub-dezvoltare nu are cum sa dureze si pe termen lung inseamna FALIMENT (a se vedea Grecia). Dovada in plus este că, desi Romania a avut crestere economica ”record” a inregistrat si o crestere a somajului.
Perspectivele pentru 2014 nu au cum sa fie optimiste cu un guvern mult prea preocupat sa mituiasca electoratul prin pilule otravite (salariul minim pe economie, majorari de pensii, iertarea ratelor la banca etc.). Pe langa datoria publica ce creste continuu, guvernul pune in 2014 noi biruri si taxe pe romani si pe companiile care ii deservesc. Aceste taxe noi se adauga la cele marite sau introduse in anii anteriori si nu fac decat sa transfere sistematic bani dinspre consumul privat si investitiile private spre cheltuielile guvernamentale ale unui aparat de stat supradimensionat, ineficient, birocrat si corupt. Cheltuielile guvernamentale umflate pe datorie vor avea un efect de multiplicare inferior decat daca acesti bani ar ramane in economia reala in sectorul privat folositi ca atare. Daca in 2014 nu vom avea un an agricol la fel de bun ca in 2013 este foarte posibil sa reintram in recesiune, cel putin pe perioade de un trimestru.
Surse:
[1] http://www.business24.ro/companii/retail/marcile-ieftine-preferate-de-romani-in-2013-cum-au-evoluat-marcile-private-ale-magazinelor-1538116 evolutia consumului in 2013 in Romania
[2] http://cronicaromana.ro/2013/11/21/piata-auto-pe-tobogan-in-2013/ pentru a vedea regresul de pe piata auto in 2013
[3] http://discutii.mfinante.ro/static/10/Mfp/buget/executii/bgc_noiembrie2013.pdf pentru a vedea cheltuielile la bugetul de stat la nivelul noiembrie 2013 (cumulat 12 luni)
[4] http://discutii.mfinante.ro/static/10/Mfp/buget/executii/bgc_nov2012.pdf pentru a vedea cheltuielile la bugetul de stat la nivelul noiembrie 2012 (cumulat 12 luni)
[5] http://discutii.mfinante.ro/static/10/Mfp/buletin/executii/EvolutiedatguvconfUEoct2013ro.pdf pentru dinamica datoriei publice acumulata de guvern in ultimii ani
Ai informatii despre tema de mai sus? Poti contribui la o mai buna intelegere a subiectului? Scrie articolul tau si trimite-l la editor[at]contributors.ro
4 YEARS AGO – “A DECLINING ASSET”
I'm working at a technology startup and today I am talking to one of the founders. They look at me and says, “Our main product is a declining asset.”
This is the product that generates 90% of our revenue and pays both of our paychecks. It's the one that made our company a success, put us on the map.
Uh oh.
NOVEMBER 12, 2011 – ADOBE'S BIG IDEA
If you watched the Digital Media section of Adobe's recent analyst meeting, you know that Adobe is putting a lot of focus on HTML5. Their recent announcement regarding dropping mobile web browser support for Flash Player caused a lot of turmoil, too, along with a shift in direction for the Flex SDK, their enterprise app framework.
If you look at the marketplace and the technologies at play, it seems that Adobe has realized that Flash's position in the marketplace is eroding, that the erosion probably can't be stopped, and they need to treat Flash as a declining asset. Just to review, here are some reasons that Flash's position is eroding:
The many 3rd party mobile, native, and web-targeted development tools like Corona, Moai, Unity and others.
like Corona, Moai, Unity and others. Non-Adobe Flash runtimes like Scaleform, Iggy. Companies like The Behemoth have their own Flash-compatible runtimes, too.
like Scaleform, Iggy. Companies like The Behemoth have their own Flash-compatible runtimes, too. And of course the big one – HTML5. It can handle more and more enterprise apps, animation/multimedia content, and 3D. Browser vendors are in competition but increasingly targeting Flash-like capabilities.
Long term, HTML5 and other non-Flash technologies are unlikely to go away. Adobe may as well be proactive about owning the space rather than fight an unwinnable battle to keep everyone on Flash.
One more point to consider: Flash is made up of three big pieces. You have the tools, like Flash Builder and Flash Pro. You have the runtime, like the web plugin, the standalone player binaries, and AIR for desktop and mobile. And finally, you have the platform itself – the file formats, AVM specification, compilers, and APIs that define the behavior of Flash content.
They are all independent to a greater or lesser degree. The only part that probably wouldn't migrate to HTML5 is the actual runtime (but see Gordon). And Adobe has been rumbling about compiling AS3 to JS/HTML5 and supporting C via Alchemy 2.
LABELS AND COMMUNITIES
Now, the funny thing about that conversation from four years ago is that, because of the mental label of “declining asset” we assigned, (at least) two interesting things happened. First, the company got acquired and tried to diversify into a couple of new markets. Second, I along with a few other guys left the company and went on to start a new one.
But the “declining” product continued to make more money than ever before. And in fact, it lives on today, despite the original company getting liquidated by its owner when the diversification strategy didn't work out. So what does it mean, exactly, to be a declining asset?
I think “declining asset” is a label you put on something to help you make decisions. In Adobe's case, the decision they made was to move their long term focus toward HTML5 and away from Flash Player.
There are some important things to keep in mind with the communities that develop around technologies and products. First, realize that the conversation is often dominated by the vocal minority – so what is said most often and loudest often doesn't reflect on the actual needs of your user base. Second, realize that the people who post on your forums are emotionally invested in the product, have it as part of their identity, and they will be deeply unsettled by any signs that support is fading. Finally, realize that users often have a limited perspective. Community members are not tracking major market trends, they are looking at how they can meet their immediate needs (like getting contract work or finishing a specific project).
In other words, the community tends to act like a mob.
And I saw no better example of this than when I was on a group video chat last week and saw Flash professionals practically weeping, calling out Adobe representatives, demanding, threatening to break up, over these announcements. It was more like seeing your drunk friend vent over their ex-girlfriend than it was watching a group of well-respected developers discuss their future. Everything is in a turmoil, it's the end of the world, everyone is screwed, etc.
REPORTS OF FLASH'S DEATH
Ok, but that isn't actually the end of “Flash” as a whole. Probably. Even though it really sounds like it. Let me explain.
Adobe has a ton of outs from this situation that let them preserve their and your investments. The most obvious out is replacing Flash Player with HTML5. You export from Flash Pro or Flash Builder and it runs directly on HTML5. In fact, they have been inching towards this in different forms for a while now (the conversion tool on Labs, Edge, Muse, etc.).
Even if they drop AS3 and go with JS, their tools can still be useful. If Flash Pro can still create banner ads and interactive experiences for a large audience, who cares what the output runs on? Life will continue relatively unchanged for a lot of Adobe customers.
There's also a more subtle out:
HTML5 has its weaknesses. Lots of them. But public opinion supports it. Maybe it's just a Betamax vs. VHS difference. Or maybe HTML5 is doomed due to the conflicting goals of vendors and the difficulty of the implementation task.
Maybe HTML5 ends up being great for less demanding uses – like basic enterprise apps, ads, motion graphics, etc. – but can't get it together for highly demanding and integrated stuff like games. Adobe can keep Flash around and focus specifically on the game use case – which, by the way, is also highly beneficial for non-game apps, since they tend to use subsets of game functionality – and get as much value from it as possible for as long as possible.
Between the games angle and inertia, Flash could remain relevant for years. It could even end up totally dominating that space for a long time to come, even as HTML5 takes over the bottom of the market, due to being able to be more focused and agile.
CONCLUSIONS
Let me add two caveats. First caveat: At some point you can only expect so much out of a platform – you can't get a guarantee that it will remain relevant for ten years. Even proven, still-relevant technologies like C have had their death announced many times. At some point you just have to say, “well, N years more relevance is good enough and I'll re-evaluate in a year.”
Second caveat: Maybe Adobe screws the pooch and that's that. Maybe they cut too many resources from Flash. Maybe they don't build good stuff on HTML5. Maybe they ruin everything. So don't bet the farm. Make sure you learn a few different technologies well. It will make you a better developer, even if you still just do Flash work day to day. And you'll sleep easier knowing that if worst comes to worst you have an out. I've never seen a successful programmer regret having learned a new language or paradigm.
I don't think Adobe is making bad decisions, just difficult ones.
Bottom line: Flash is a declining asset, but declining assets aren't dead or even out of the fight. Everyone needs to look at technologies on their merits and see if it's a good fit for your needs. There are a lot of places where Flash will continue to be a good fit for a while to come – and the places where it is ambiguous deserve careful consideration regardless of Adobe's stated plans.
(Thanks for reading! If you liked this article, please consider voting it up on HackerNews or Reddit)
"Declaration of Energy Independence" for Lincoln Financial Stadium, Home of Philadelphia Eagles. Image credit:Philadelphia Eagles
Quoting directly from the Philadelphia Eagles presser: "The Eagles have contracted with Orlando FL-based SolarBlue, a renewable energy and energy conservation company, to install approximately 80 20-foot spiral-shaped wind turbines on the top rim of the stadium, affix 2,500 solar panels on the stadium's façade, build a 7.6 megawatt onsite dual-fuel cogeneration plant and implement sophisticated monitoring and switching technology to operate the system.
Over the next year, SolarBlue will invest in excess of $30 million to build out the system, with a completion goal of September 2011. SolarBlue will maintain and operate the stadium's power system for the next 20 years at a fixed annual price increase in electricity, saving the Eagles an estimated $60 million in energy costs." What happens next?The City of Philadelphia is the site of Independence Hall, where the Declaration of Independence was signed. Hence, the "Declaration of Energy Independence."
Investing $30 million in a project heavily dependent upon building-integrated renewable energy technology takes real courage in time of scarce capital, a collapsing global economy, and luddites dominating an entire political party (Republicans). Note: this is private sector investment we're talking about.
I'll have my cheese steak with hot peppers and onions.
This just-released announcement, on the Eagles website, is already generating the requisite 'I hate Al Gore' type comments. There is hope for the future, though.
The Philadelphia Eagles are going to kick the Dallas Cowboys right up into their 20,000 square foot video screen, which is mounted inside the Cowboy stadium. Some teams burn coal to project an image. Others are willing to cross the goal line on their own energy.
More cool green Philly posts.
Philadelphia Eagles the Greenest Team in Pro Sports?
Philadelphia Vanquishes New York With Highest Bicycle-Commute Rate
If you missed us on Kickstarter, you can find us at: www.candyjar.com
What is Candy Jar?
Candy Jar is an online candy store where you can choose from hundreds of premium sweets to fill your own custom jar of candy.
If you're anything like us, you love perusing a candy store, discovering new treats and filling a bag with your favorites. Despite our passion for candy, we don't have access to this simple joy because we don't live near a candy store and don't have the time to seek one out.
That's why we are creating Candy Jar. We believe that everyone should be able to indulge in a personalized jar of candy, regardless of where they live. With the help of the Kickstarter community, we want to bring the selection and excitement of a high-end candy store to the convenience of your home.
We Believe In
Selection – We attended the “Sweets and Snack Expo” and have curated hundreds of candy options for our backers. Choose from nostalgic classics, big brand names, and small scale candy makers. At launch, we'll have nearly 700 different candies but our goal is to have thousands from all around the world.
We attended the “Sweets and Snack Expo” and have curated hundreds of candy options for our backers. Choose from nostalgic classics, big brand names, and small scale candy makers. At launch, we'll have nearly 700 different candies but our goal is to have thousands from all around the world. Personalization – Fill your jar with exactly the candy you want and nothing else. We hate paying for prepackaged candy and then having to pick around the flavors we don't love.
– Fill your jar with exactly the candy you want and nothing else. We hate paying for prepackaged candy and then having to pick around the flavors we don't love. Discovery – While we all have our favorites, part of the joy of sweets is discovering something new. Our interface will make it fun and simple to find new discoveries to try.
– While we all have our favorites, part of the joy of sweets is discovering something new. Our interface will make it fun and simple to find new discoveries to try. Gifts That Don't Suck – Your friends and family are just as tired of receiving generic gifts as you are of giving them. An engraved glass jar filled with a personalized selection of candy is more exciting (and tastier) than flowers and socks.
– Your friends and family are just as tired of receiving generic gifts as you are of giving them. An engraved glass jar filled with a personalized selection of candy is more exciting (and tastier) than flowers and socks. Convenience – We'll mail your personalized candy jar anywhere in the U.S. for free.
– We'll mail your personalized candy jar anywhere in the U.S. for free. Sanitation – We won't let kids stick their hands in the candy.
Sample of Candy Selection
We plan to offer nearly 700 different types of sweets. Here is a small sample of the types of candy we will offer:
The Rewards
How it Works
Why Kickstarter?
We decided to use crowdfunding to launch Candy Jar because we wanted to provide a significantly larger selection of premium candy. Specifically, Kickstarter will allow us to do 3 things that we think will benefit our customers:
1. Provide the initial capital to start with a much wider and higher-quality selection of candy.
2. Backers will get to help us choose the offering so that we stock people's favorite candy.
3. We will know the correct quantities of each type of candy to order so we won't sell out of the popular sweets.
Timeline
Sweets Selection by Category
We plan to offer a large selection of candy to our backers. Here is what we've chosen so far:
Let us know if you have any suggestions! If we reach our funding goal, we will send a survey to our backers to get their candy suggestion.
The Team
Alvin Ko
Alvin Ko is a recent 2014 Pitzer College graduate. They majored in Economics and has always been interested in development economics. They hope to one-day get involved with helping low-income countries create sustainable infrastructure. Their favorite candy is: Happy-Cola Haribo Gummies.
Ben London
Ben is our resident candy fanatic and leads in Business Development. Their passion is making people happy.  They are an entrepreneur in many successful endeavors including running their own commercial real estate firm. When Ben is not playing racquetball with friends, they are at home with their family or throwing a ball with their dog Ziggy. Their favorite Candy is Haribo Red Licorice Wheels.
Jeff Schneider
Jeff is our Kickstarter ninja and overall marketing expert. As a Kickstarter project creator, they raised over $30,000 to create Speakeasy Briefs. Since then, they have helped countless project creators surpass their funding goals. They developed Launch Machine, a platform to help creators succeed with their crowdfunding campaigns.
When not attending a music festival or concert, you can likely find Jeff perpetually failing to break 80 on the golf course. Their favorite candy is: Darrell Lea Strawberry Licorice.
Rob Fletcher
Rob is our go-to tech guy, leading in web and analytics. They bring years of specialized experience from Fortune 100 companies (Disney and Amazon) and broad insights from two previous entrepreneurship endeavors.
As a “self-proclaimed” IPA connoisseur (there are a lot on the West Coast), you can usually find Rob enjoying a round with their buddies, taking in the best of Seattle's incredible music scene or playing a spirited game of tennis, weather permitting of course. Their favorite candy is: Australian-style strawberry licorice.
Ryan Pendlay
Ryan is our designer. They bring a balanced approach to practicality and high fidelity execution. Having worked with agencies, start-ups, and large corporations, Ryan always approaches solutions with the user in mind to create elegant and intuitive solutions. They spend their spare time tinkering, prototyping, building, and reaping the joys of home ownership. Their favorite candy is: Pez
PALO ALTO, Calif.—Turns out it's really hard to interview an adorable interactive robot when she's stuck on a demo loop and other journalists are trying to interview them at the same time.
Nevertheless, being face-to-face with SoftBank Robotics' new “social robot” named Pepper was exciting and a bit odd.
Over two years ago, Pepper made them (his? her? I'm going with them for now, even though its creators tell me you can apply whatever pronoun you like) debut as a helpful robot at SoftBank stores across Japan. The four-foot (1.2m) tall robot scoots around on treads and has articulable hands and fingers for providing culturally-specific social cues and gesticulations as a way to make humans more comfortable. The Japanese robot apparently bows, while the North American model can fist-bump. That wasn't part of the demo.
Right now, over 10,000 Pepper robots are in Japan and Europe. The two that rolled around Thursday in the b8ta showroom floor in Palo Alto are the very first ever in North America.
During the quick demo, Pepper demonstrated their ability to track movements—moving their head as I stepped from side to side—and their ability to detect smiles and glares. The iPad-style screen on their chest can show any needed visual information.
Unlike Siri, Pepper couldn't answer basic questions, much less tell a joke. However, if I gave the prompted answer that they wanted to hear, I triggered a retelling of their origin story (Say: “story!”). I was impressed that they could pick out a command over the din of dozens of people moving about.
Like many other robots, Pepper is designed to replace humans in a task that can be dull. Think of a store clerk who has to answer the question “Where's the restroom?” dozens of times per day. Pepper, by contrast, can do it with grace and aplomb, and they do it in over a dozen languages. (At the Thursday demo that Ars attended, the language options were not immediately available.)
Soon, SoftBank, the Japanese mobile phone giant, hopes that Pepper might even become a domestic personal assistant robot, not unlike Serge from, thespinoff series.
Steve Carlin, SoftBank's vice president for marketing, put it this way: “We can imagine situations where you come down in the morning, and Pepper greets you and says, ‘Your route to work is clear, and don't forget to bring an umbrella, it's meant to rain today,' and ‘I downloaded those three articles from The New York Times that you said you'd be interested in, shall I read them to you?'”
Carlin said that the company hasn't announced Pepper's price in North America, but that they would be in the “hundreds of dollars” per month range. (In Japan, Pepper retails for about $1,900.) They also said the company is looking toward something resembling an app store, and SoftBank wants developers to write new software for the frontier platform.
“Pepper will learn from the people that they interact with and evolve accordingly,” said Omar Abdelwahed, the Head of Studio at SoftBank Robotics America.
But they noted that one Pepper unit does not share data with another. That means a Tokyo-based Pepper won't know about my brief interaction with their Palo Alto cousin.
One Pepper unit will be on display at the b8ta store, 516 Bryant St. in Palo Alto, California, through Thursday, August 18.
Listing image by Cyrus Farivar
Samsung is suspending production of the Galaxy Note 7 after a number of replacement phones — those that Samsung claimed were safe after a recall — caught fire and sent at least one person to the hospital. The report comes from the Korean news agency Yonhap. The New York Times corroborates the news citing a person familiar with the production stoppage.
The halt in production is said to be in cooperation with safety regulators in the US, China, and Korea, according to Yonhap.
The news comes in the middle of the second presidential debate in the United States, making it appear like a incredibly opportunistic news dump — however, it is early Monday morning in Korea where Samsung is headquartered. It's also possible that Samsung's top management addressed the issue first thing Monday morning.
At least five replacement Note 7 phones caught fire in the US alone this week, and several of Samsung's carrier partners announced they would stop selling the phones entirely.
"I have nothing but contempt for this," Merkel said in Brussels on Thursday night. "The tone seems to be similar across all banks."
Transcripts of phone conversations between the then head of the Anglo Irish Bank David Drumm and one of their top managers were published by the Irish Independent newspaper earlier this week, causing outrage in Ireland and Germany.
The German Bild newspaper ran an outraged article under the headline "Broke Irish bankers call savers 'f... Germans."
"It is for us a huge challenge to convince people who get up every day and every day do their work and always pay their taxes, do everything, even show solidarity with other people who are weaker," said Merkel.
"All of this is destroyed by that and so I have nothing but contempt for that."
"It is real damage to democracy...for everything we work for," they said.
The Local/bk
Owen Smith has accused Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell of being prepared to allow the Labour Party to split in the current dispute over the leadership.
Smith, who resigned as Shadow Work and Pensions Secretary last month, said that when they had raised the possibility of a rupture in a private meeting, McDonnell had shrugged and replied: “If that's what it takes.”
Both Corbyn and McDonnell have today denied the accusation, with the Shadow Chancellor describing the story as “complete rubbish”.
Smith says that they asked Corbyn several times if they were “prepared to see our party split” and the Labour leader did not answer. Following the meeting, Smith resigned from their post in the Shadow Cabinet.
But speaking on Marr this morning, Corbyn denied the claims, saying they had “no idea why Owen should say such a thing”.
Following the public denial from Corbyn, Smith restated their version of events on Twitter, writing:
On July 27 I asked @jeremycorbyn 3 times if they were prepared to see our party split & worse, wanted it to. They offered no answer 1/2 — Owen Smith (@OwenSmith_MP) July 10, 2016
They followed up by claiming that McDonnell had “shrugged their shoulders” at the suggestion:
@OwenSmith_MP Complete rubbish. It's elements of PLP willing to split party & revealed today some even talking to Tories about new party. — John McDonnell MP (@johnmcdonnellMP) July 10, 2016
However, McDonnell described the story as “complete rubbish”, and suggested that other Labour MPs were pushing for a split.
Despite this clash, Smith maintains that they hope to meet with Corbyn again on Monday to try and resolve the crisis. “I am not prepared to stand by and see our party split. And I have asked to meet with Jeremy again tomorrow to see how we can stop that”, they tweeted.
This has done little to dispel rumours that Smith theirs preparing their own leadership bid, despite Angela Eagle announcing their intention to challenge Corbyn. This indicates a growing belief that Corbyn could be kept off the ballot when a leadership contest is triggered, and the election could feature a wider field of candidates.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel arrives at the Pentagon for their first day at work
Shortly after their swearing-in as defence secretary, Chuck Hagel has said the US should engage with the world rather than dictate to it.
Mr Hagel told Pentagon employees that the US must lead with its allies.
They made the remarks a day after the Senate approved their appointment following a bruising nomination battle.
Also on Wednesday, the Senate intelligence committee delayed a vote on whether to approve President Barack Obama's nominee for CIA director.
Mr Hagel was confirmed by a 58-41 vote after Republicans stalled their nomination, questioning their past positions on Israel and Iran and their qualification for the job.
They replace Leon Panetta, who was confirmed unanimously in June 2011.
Use resources 'wisely'
In 15 minutes of remarks at the Pentagon, Mr Hagel called for the US to continue building strong relationships with old and new allies.
"We can't dictate to the world, but we should engage with the world," said the nation's 24th defence secretary.
Hagel has stirred up a sudden storm in a chai glass here, with past suggestions that India has been using Afghanistan as a 'second front' against its old rival Pakistan
They added that the US was a "force for good" and that the US military should use its resources around the globe "wisely".
The former Republican Nebraska senator arrives at the Pentagon two days before $46bn (£30bn) in across-the-board cuts are set to hit the military.
On the budget cuts, Mr Hagel thanked staff for working to figure out how to deal with the reductions. But they said the real danger was the "uncertainty of planning, the uncertainty of commitment".
The new defence secretary also said they were committed to making sure that both US troops and civilian workers were treated fairly and equitably.
Two weeks ago, Republicans delayed a vote on Mr Hagel's confirmation.
But they dropped the filibuster stalling tactic, the first time it had ever been used to delay confirmation of a defence secretary, on Tuesday after a week-long recess.
President Barack Obama's Democratic Party holds a 55-45 edge in the chamber, and Mr Hagel ultimately only needed 50 votes to be confirmed in the final vote.
Republican Senators Thad Cochran, Rand Paul, Richard Shelby and Mike Johanns voted in favour of Mr Hagel's appointment.
Also on Wednesday, the Senate intelligence committee delayed a vote on White House counter-terrorism adviser John Brennan, whom Mr Obama has nominated as the next director of the CIA.
The panel's top-ranking Republican, Senator Saxby Chambliss, said a vote would be rescheduled for Tuesday but did not explain why it had been delayed.
Meanwhile, some Democrats have expressed concern over the government's use of unmanned drones to carry out "targeted killings", and have suggested a vote on Mr Brennan should be delayed until the committee can review certain secret documents relating to the programme.
One of broadband's biggest players is going to get even bigger — but it's not going to be able to supersize your internet bill.
Federal regulators are about to bless Charter Communications' acquisition of Time Warner Cable and Brighthouse, which means Charter is going to become the third-biggest video company in the country and the second-biggest broadband provider, with 19.4 million subscribers.
If you're a broadband subscriber at one of those companies, here's what that means for you: Go ahead and stream all you want, all the time — your internet company can't penalize you for bandwidth consumption.
New rules from the Federal Communication Commission mean that Charter “will not be permitted to charge usage-based prices or impose data caps” for at least seven years after the merger.
That is, the company can't bill you if you gobble up more data, like some broadband companies, such as Comcast*, have started to do. (It can, presumably, find ways to charge you more for different broadband speeds.)
Up until recently, the notion of usage-based pricing or data caps was mostly theoretical for most people, since they got most of their video from their cable box. But now that streaming video is mainstream — and the only way some people get their video — data limits could be a real problem.
So if you're a Charter subscriber, the FCC's rules provide meaningful protection, at least for a while. If you're a cable company investor who was planning on swapping out your video subscriber dollars for broadband subscriber dollars, you may not be as excited.
* Comcast owns NBCUniversal, which is an investor in Vox Media, which owns this site.
WikiLeaks leaked nearly 20,000 emails on Friday from top Democratic National Committee officials, exchanged from January 2015 through May 2016. Several emails released show that although the DNC was supposed to remain neutral during the primary contest, officials grew increasingly agitated with Bernie Sanders and their campaign, at some points even floating ideas about ways to undermine their candidacy.
The source of the leak has not been revealed, though Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, said on ABC News' "This Week With George Stephanopoulos" on Sunday that they believe the Russians were instrumental in it.
"Experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC, took all these emails and now are leaking them out through these websites," Mook said Sunday. "It's troubling that some experts are now telling us that this was done by the Russians for the purpose of helping Donald Trump."
Regardless of who was behind the leak, the fallout for the DNC has been severe. Just one day before the Democratic convention was set to begin, DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz announced their resignation, effective at the end of the week. And as expected, Sanders supporters, hundreds of whom are delegates at the convention, are furious about the content of the emails.
Emails Appear to Show DNC Trying to Aid Hillary Clinton
How Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Dramatic DNC Exit Unfolded
Wasserman Schultz to Step Down as DNC Chairwoman
Here are some of the most damaging finds from the leak:
DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz Calls Sanders Campaign Manager Jeff Weaver an "A--" and a "Liar"
In May the Nevada Democratic State Convention became rowdy and got out of hand in a fight over delegate allocation. When Weaver went on CNN and denied any claims violence had happened, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, once they were notified of the exchange, wrote "Damn liar. Particularly scummy that they never acknowledges the violent and threatening behavior that occurred."
In another instance, right before the Nevada Convention, Weaver publicly commented, "I think we should go to the [national] convention." The chairperson was flagged about this comment and responded in an e-mail, "He is an a--."
Highlighting Sanders' Faith
One email shows that a DNC official contemplated highlighting Sanders' alleged atheism — even though they have said they are not an atheist — during the primaries as a possibility to undermine support among voters.
"It may make no difference but for KY and WA can we get someone to ask their belief," Brad Marshall, CFO of the DNC, wrote in an email on May 5, 2016. "He had skated on having a Jewish heritage. I read they are an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist."
Building a Narrative Against Sanders
"Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story which is that Bernie never ever had their act together, that their campaign was a mess," DNC National Secretary Mark Paustenbach wrote in an email to National Communications Director Luis Miranda on May 21. After detailing ways in which the Sanders camp was disorganized, Paustenbach concludes, "It's not a DNC conspiracy it's because they never had their act together."
The idea was nixed, though. "True," Miranda acknowledged in their response. "But the chair has been advised not to engage. So we'll have to leave it alone."
Lamentations That Sanders Is Not a Democrat
As the primary season wore on, Wasserman Schultz appeared to grow exasperated with Sanders' desire to stay in the race when the delegate math was against them — in one email lamenting the fact that they are an independent in the Senate but was running as a Democrat in the primaries. In an April 24 email they received with an article describing the ways Sanders felt the DNC was undermining their campaign, they wrote back, "Spoken like someone who has never been a member of the Democratic Party and has no understanding of what we do."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 18, 2017, 10:31 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 18, 2017, 10:31 PM GMT By Erik Ortiz
An axed IT worker at an online Indiana college told their former employer they would be "happy" to help unlock its Google account, the school said. But their offer came with a hefty price — $200,000.
The ongoing litigation involving suburban Chicago man Triano Williams and the Indianapolis-based American College of Education highlights a situation that cybersecurity experts warn could occur more frequently.
As companies and individuals outsource the development and operations of their websites and tech programs to others, they're also giving up control and putting themselves at risk, said Gene Spafford, founder and executive director emeritus of Purdue University's Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security.
It's similar to any business or school entrusting just one employee with the responsibility of maintaining an account or knowing how something internal works, Spafford added.
"Think of it this way: Would you have only one person writing checks or one person holding the key to the factory?" they asked.
In the case of American College of Education, or ACE, Williams was the only employee in IT at the time with administrative access to the school's Google-hosted domain account. After they were fired from the school last February and returned their computer equipment, officials in June learned they could not access the Google account, which had about 2,000 student emails and course work accounts.
At that point, Williams, who sought legal aid, refused to help unless the school wanted to rehire them as a consultant and pay them accordingly.
"In order to amicably settle this dispute, Mr. Williams requires a clean letter of reference, and payment of $200,000," their attorney, Calvita Frederick, wrote to ACE's attorney.
The school filed a lawsuit against Williams for intentional interference with a contractual relationship, among other accusations, and sought court action to compel them to provide the user name and password for the Google account.
Related: Simple Cybersecurity Tips to Protect Your Online Accounts Against Hackers
Frederick told NBC News on Wednesday that their client never even knew the password because it was autosaved in the school's laptop computer. While Williams did have the ability to help figure out how to access the Google account, they advised them that they were under no obligation to be "fixing it for free."
Frederick blamed the school for creating its own "monstrous situation" when other employees with IT expertise were let go before Williams.
They also filed a discrimination lawsuit against the school, claiming that Williams, who is black and had been with ACE since 2007, was being retaliated against for complaining to supervisors that the "racial climate was uncomfortable." Before they were terminated, Williams was told that they would have to move from the Chicago area to Indiana to maintain employment. But Frederick said they refused because they were under a joint custody agreement with their daughter's mother and was unable to relocate.
Frederick said the requested $200,000 compensation was meant to settle the discrimination case and was not a form of a financial shakedown.
"Mr. Williams didn't do anything intentional to them," Frederick added.
The school has since been able to have Google unlock the account for them, although that took time because the tech giant generally only provides account information to the designated administrator. In ACE's case, that had been Williams.
A school spokesperson declined to comment on pending litigation to NBC News, but the school said in a statement that "at no time was the personal information compromised" of students or staff.
An Indianapolis church devoted to marijuana and recognized as a nonprofit religious organization by the Internal Revenue Service says Indiana's new religious freedom law sanctions its worship activities.
The First Church of Cannabis has already raised more than half of its $20,000 startup goal via the gofundme.com website and now the tax man says donations to the group are tax-deductible. Media reports indicate the group will inaugurate its meetings on July 1, a Wednesday, when Indiana's new religious freedom law takes effect.
"Somebody at the IRS loves us because we got (approval) back in less than 30 days," First Church of Cannabis founder Bill Levin told The Washington Times. Levin told USA Today that using marijuana, illegal in Indiana for recreational or medicinal purposes, was their religion.
"This is what I live by, and I have more faith in this religion than any other," they said. "This is my lifestyle. This is millions of people's lifestyle."
Earlier, Levin told U.S. News and World Report their group's meetings — at a location yet to be determined — will follow a format recognizable by many who've attended Protestant services.
"The first service will open with 'Amazing Grace' played on harmonica by a popular young musician and move to a quick sermon and short member testimonies about positive things that happened in the past week," the news website reported. "And then, as anticipation mounts in what's likely to be a packed house, Levin will issue a call to worship and the sanctuary will fill with smoke."
According to the USA Today report, Levin's claim that Indiana's religious freedom law protects the new church's spiritual activities is an unintended consequence of the measure.
"It's not the type of plaintiff that was expected or that probably most supporters of (the Indiana law) had in mind," said Robert A. Katz, a professor at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. Levin "is not the first person to frame marijuana in terms of free exercise of religion, and they won't be the last."
According to the Greensburg, Indiana, Daily News, neither Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller nor Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry has said what legal steps they might take if Levin's congregation lights up during worship. The newspaper reported "Curry opposed the religious freedom law and warned that it would be used as a defense by drug offenders who claim that they are exercising their 'religious right' to smoke pot."
Just who will join Levin's new church is open to question. Last year, the Deseret News reported that children raised with strong religious values are more likely to avoid drugs and alcohol. For those concerned about raising the subject within families, cnn.com offered some advice to parents on how to talk to their children about legally available marijuana.
Twitter: @Mark_Kellner
Posted by Amie
I feel as though my design skills have gone downhill since last year's festival, so this year I'm going to stick to words (written and spoken) to walk you through the best lunches, dinners, snacks, drinks, and chocolate of the Montreal Festival en Lumiere for all budgets and tastes.
If you're new to Montreal you maybe don't know that February is the happiest time of the year for fine dining. Sure, we've got Le Bremner, Au Pied de Cochon, and Joe Beef living off their hard-earned celebrity chef-dom year-round, but for a week and a half in the middle of balmy February, Montreal actually has a net influx of amazing chefs, instead of a mass exodus of those chefs finally taking their Christmas vacation after the holiday rush.
Who are these ladies and gents from afar? This year they're Belgians, Washingtonians, Oregonians, and Outaouais(ians? Boy that's a lot of vowels...and a mouthful - pronounced something like "oo-tah-WAY-ee-ahns").
The Belgians come with beer, chocolate and a bit of everything gourmet. It's French-style food, but with outside ingredients and influences since Belgians don't produce a lot in-country, says festival spokesperson, Jean-Francois Demers. (Stream the interview I did with them below.) Instead they import the best of the best, but you'll see the same love of market-fresh cuisine that we have here, and the same love of wild game, cheese, wine, beer, and chocolate.
The Washingtonians and Oregonians include some of Seattle's top chefs and the states' most exciting wine-makers. There's a love of American cuisine and street food, but also a lot of love for Italy.
Then there's the featured Quebec region of Outaouais. Locavores rejoice! We're talking everything from the Quebec terroir - elk, wild boar, cheeses, vegetables, berries, and herbs.
Butternut Squash Soup Appetizers
Now the important part - you can do this festival the expensive way or the cheap way. Or somewhere in between. While I don't discourage going whole hog (both pig-wise and wallet-wise), I'm also going to lay out some options for those who still want money in the bank come March.
Best Expensive Meals
From Seattle: Matthew Dillon at Pullman Wine Bar. It may be the most expensive "casual" family-style dinner you've ever had at $80 a head plus tax and tip (before wine. $125 with, and it's a wine bar for goodness sake...), but this chef is inspirational. I'm not sure if he's bringing their own foraged products and veggies from their urban garden, and why bring up meat from their larder when we've got Outaouais up here just begging for them to use its game? But he'll like it here, and hopefully you'll like them at Pullman. Ask for a seat in the basement (dark and romantic) to watch the magic of the kitchen theatre unfold. Still not sold on the meal? Last year they got a nod from the James Beard Association as one of the Best New Chefs in the Northwest.
Reservations: 514 288-7779
From Outaouais: Jean-Claude Chartrand and Guy Blain take over Cocagne for a $80 before wine, $150 with wine dinner (tax and tip not included). This is Michelin star quality in Quebec, with the two chefs coming from L'OrÃ©e du Bois for two nights only. Very French. There's French bistro/brasserie music playing when you go to the website to give you an idea of the ambiance. Feb. 22-23. Reservations: 514 286-0700
From Belgium: Three nights at La Fabrique featuring Nicolas Darnauguilhem. This guy is a head chef, a pastry chef, and a sommelier, and usually runs their entire 24-person restaurant by himself. In Montreal the La Fabrique kitchen is helping them out, so the 5-course meal will be a snap, I'd wager. That's SO many extra qualified people making their life easier! He's a lover of natural wines and local, organic ingredients. Oh, and it's relatively affordable! $55 before wine, $90 with wine (tax and tip not included); Feb. 20-22
Reservations: 514 544-5038
Michelin-starred chef Laurent Martin at Vertige. If you like some celestial shine with your dinner: $75 before wine,
$115 with wine (tax and tip not included); Feb. 21-22.
Reservations: 514 842-4443
Last year's lunch at Restaurant de L'Institut - braised beef on polenta with vegetables and truffle
Fancy but Relatively Affordable Lunches: La Porte's "best of the last 6 years" lunches. No guest chefs, just the most popular menu items (3 or 4 courses...do you choose or do they? You'll be stuffed either way, I'd expect) served up fast for $35 including wine (1 glass? 2 half glasses?) plus tax and tip. Feb. 16-17, 22-24. I like this schedule because it means the kitchen's not doing the same food every lunch for the duration of the festival. They need ingredients to be freshly prepped for each service and nothing will sit around waiting to be ordered. Although, I'd expect freshness from this stellar kitchen any day of the year.
Reservations: 514 282-4996
Cheap Lunches: So every year the festival throws these $12.95 lunches from "ethnic" restaurants into the festival lineup for those who don't want to splurge. They have nothing to do with the year's theme or invited chefs or winemakers, and the restaurants are always the same. They're relatively affordable restaurants any day of the year, but you do get an especially good deal on a prix fixe-style, multi-course lunch. Pizza, Portuguese, Iranian, and North African. Feb. 20-24, but try to go early in the week. See La Porte lunch above for why.
Chocolates from Christophe Morel
Chocolate: A Chocolate Conference and Christophe Morel.
First off, there's a conference on the chocolate-making! Cacao may not grow in Brussels but they do a fine job transforming it. On hand will be FranÃ§ois Deremiens and Laurent Gerbaud - two master artisan chocolatiers from Belgium - UdeM researcher Mario Cappadocia, and Nico Regout Marcolini of the "Circle of Cacao" (un-googleable...). $25 adults/$15 students and 65+.
Now French-born Christophe Morel and their rare origin chocolate. If you don't know this guy you should. Their chocolates are mostly single origin (meaning only one type of cacao bean per bar) and shout chocolate "terroir". The Madagascar dark chocolate has just a little vanilla in it, and the Mexico is a little more dry, almost tannic, like your mouth is drying out by the second, but in a good way. And never bitter like dark chocolate can be, even when the cacao percentage gets up there. They're expensive bars but are available all over Montreal in specialty stores, and are best savoured by comparing small amounts of multiple bars, as M. Demers explains in the above interview I did with them for CKUT radio. So if you don't want to spend $35 (plus tax and tip) for "A Night in Chocolate Heaven" involving multiple courses of Morel's treats (Reservations: 514 878-3561), hunt down a few of their bars in Montreal and host your own tasting.
Free Stuff: First, though, go sample (for free!) chocolate mousse truffles, chocolate-covered blueberries, and watch the experts make savoury chocolate and onion confit at Jean-Talon Market Feb. 18-19. Those without a sweet tooth can stick to Pacific smoked scallops and Outaouais wild boar with red wine and wild blueberries. And there's always booze. This is definitely one of the most insider events of the festival. For some reason not a lot of people seem to wander up to the second floor (there's a elevator) of the Jean-Talon market for the free samples and culinary demos.
Other culinary demos at the festival include Belgian and Quebec cuisine and desserts workshops, but they're more expensive than some of the 6-course evening meals...You get what you pay for, though, with appetizers upon arrival, two glass of wine, two glasses of beer, then a participation-encouraged feast of mussels, cheese and caramelized onion tartine, and Belgian beef and beer Carbonnade snacks (to start!); endive and maple syrup upside-down tart and Maplewood smoked scallops to get you prepped for the mains; stuffed saddle of rabbit, beer-gravy Poutine, and neglected seasonal vegetables (to feel better about how much rich food you just created and ate) for the main course,; and beer ice cream, chocolate mousse with speculoos cookie crumble, waffles, and coffee to end. Where could all that food possibly GO? A human body just isn't that big. Should you bring tupperware??? $140. Tax and tip not included. Reservations: 514 750-6050 â€¢ LaGuildeCulinaire.com
For Beer Lovers: This year's festival includes a mini pubcrawl with tours and samples at 3 local breweries. It starts at St-Bock on St-Denis but doesn't say where it goes after that. It's pricey - $75 a person (including tax and tip) - but it comes with appetizers, and you'll definitely have enough to drink. Saturdays, Feb. 18 and 25, 2012, 2pm-5pm. Reservations: 514-288-9955
Two Other Fest Favs:
Grunge Night at L'Inconnu. This is supposed to be a grunge-inspired meal. I didn't know fine-dining and grunge went together in 1991 in Seattle, but what do I know? Not enough, clearly. Feb. 17-18. $65 before wine, $95 with (tax and tip not included)
Reservations: 514 527-0880
Oyster Bar at Decca77 over AYCE Mussels and Fries at Bistro Beaver Hall
$45 is a lot of money to pay for all-you-can-eat mussels and fries. Mussels are dirt cheap. You should just go buy 8 pounds for under $16 for yourself and see how far you can make it through them (less than $2 a pound at La Mer for the wild Iles-de-la-Madeleine version right now...). BUT AYCE oysters is another story. They're a pain to open and significantly more expensive than mussels. But I won't tell anyone if you go to Bistro Beaver Hall for mussels instead. It's still all-you-can-eat and there's no work involved! Perfect for people intimidated by the kitchen. And it comes with a beer. Decca77 will cost $15 more with wine. If you've never made mussels at home before, though, don't be scared. De-bearding mussels isn't hard, and you really don't need to make much of a sauce. Your call. It's the night of Nuit Blanche, so it'd be a good way to start the evening.
"How to De-Beard, Clean, and Store Mussels" from Becky Selengut, author of sustainable seafood cookbook "Good Fish". Also, conveniently, from Seattle.
What'd I miss? TONS!
Festival en Lumiere
Gastronomic Week and a Half
When: Feb. 16-26
How Much: free to budget-destroying
Where: All over the city - restaurants, Jean-Talon Market, UQAM, mobile culinary tours
Photo Credits: courtesy from Amie, except the Christophe Morel chocolates photo from heyladygrey.com
Charles Manson was rushed out of prison to a California hospital, where he's clinging to life, according to reports Wednesday night.
The 83-year-old Manson normally makes their home inside the walls of Corcoran State Prison but they were taken to a Bakersfield hospital earlier this week, sources told TMZ.
He's surrounded by five uniformed officers as he's wheeled on a gurney from treatment to treatment, the celebrity website reported.
“It's not going to get any better for him,” a source said. “It's just a matter of time (until they finally die).”
A rep for the state Department of Corrections declined comment.
Witnesses told KGET, an NBC affiliate in Bakersfield, that Manson was spotted at Mercy Hospital in downtown Bakersfield.
Manson is serving life without parole for leading their murderous “family” on a two-night killing spree that terrified Los Angeles on Aug. 9-10, 1969.
They killed pregnant actor Sharon Tate and four of their friends before slaughtering grocers Leno and Rosemary LaBianca the next night.
Related Video 1:13 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson
3 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) said that they never turned down a meeting with former President Obama, but McConnell was lying.
Video of McConnell:
.@SenateMajLdr: "I never refused to go to a meeting that Pres. Obama called…That strikes me as a lack of seriousness about the matter before us." https://t.co/pSJDxVD1mM pic.twitter.com/GKzssyfpDF — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) November 28, 2017
McConnell said, “I never refused to go to a meeting that President Obama called. A bipartisan meeting. It never occurred to me that I could just say to President Obama, I'm not showing up. That strikes me as a lack of seriousness about the matter before us.”
The Senate Majority Leader was lying.
Mitch McConnell and Republicans refused to go to a bipartisan dinner with President Obama in 2011.
The Huffington Post reported at the time:
“Obama spokespersons have generally avoided portraying the move as a deliberate brush-off by Republicans.An official statement from the White House ascribed the dinner's move to Nov. 30 to “scheduling conflicts,” and White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters in an off-camera briefing on Thursday, “Sen. McConnell does not make it a regular practice of showing us their daily schedule. … Again, we are looking forward to sitting down with leaders on both sides on November 30.”
What the Democrats did wasn't act of disrespect to Trump. It was a message that if the government shuts down, the consequences will fall on Trump and the Republican majority in Congress. Blaming Democrats is not going to get them out of the mess that they are creating.
Trump and the GOP are drowning, and Democrats aren't about to throw them a life preserver.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
In their inaugural speech, president Trump painted a gloomy picture of an America that was broken, and is in dire need of fixing. In fact, as this graph shows, the U.S. economy they inherit has been improving steadily over the past six years, with unemployment showing in an equally steady decline.
Like an economic stroboscope, the graph pulsates and changes color to indicate the state of the nation. Larger circles indicate higher levels of unemployment, and vice versa. Green means GDP growth, more so if darker green. Red indicates crisis moments, when the Gross Domestic Product contracts – by more, as the shade of red darkens.
The graph starts in 1929, an ominous year for the economy of the U.S., and indeed the world. The Wall Street Crash sets off the Great Depression, which causes hardship on a scale not seen for generations – before or since.
Unemployment almost triples, from 3.14% in 1929 to 8.67% in 1930, almost doubles again by the next year to 15.82%, and adds another 8% by 1932. The rate peaks in 1933, when almost a quarter of the workforce – 24.75% - is out of a job. By that time, the benefits of president F.D. Roosevelt's New Deal start to kick in.
But the massive programme for Relief, Recovery and Reform (which also included the beginning of Social Security) did not translate into a smooth or swift recovery. Unemployment stubbornly stayed in the double digits throughout the rest of the decade, and even ticked up four and a half percentage points again, to 18.91% in 1938. Only by 1941 did the unemployment rate dip below 10% again, and the mobilisation effort that followed U.S. entry into war the next year led to the historically low unemployment rate of 1.2% in 1944. Never since has the U.S. unemployment rate ever been as low as that – nor ever as high again as 11 years previously.
Post-war America, in the public imagination, turned from military victory to the commercial conquest of the world, bringing stability and growth in the domestic economy. Point in case: the Employment Act of 1946, which extended the federal government's powers to fight inflation and unemployment – although the bill stopped short of advocating full employment, as so nearly achieved a few years earlier. But in reality, as this graph shows, peace did not bring immediate prosperity. Between 1945 and 1949, GDP contracted and unemployment crept up again, to 5.9%. But from 1950 onwards, growth returns, and unemployment goes down again.
By 1954, the Dow Jones had returned to pre-Crash levels, officially ending the Recession. Apart from two 'red' years this decade – 1954 and 1958 – the economy keeps growing and growing, all the way to the early 1970s. Unemployment gradually drops to a low of 3.6% in 1968; but starts to creep up again even before the Oil Crisis, which turns the start of the next decade red, and leads to 'stagflation' – low growth plus high inflation.
President Reagan oversees an even bigger contraction of GDP in the early 1980s, but the rest of the decade sees a recovery to growth and lower unemployment – only perforated by the Savings and Loan Crisis of 1989, a financial meltdown that was felt well into the 1990s. However, the Clinton years witness another long stretch of economic growth, the establishment of NAFTA and the balancing of the federal budget.
The presidency of George W. Bush was hit by the stock market crash of 2000, and by 9/11 a year later. The ensuing war on two fronts – in Afghanistan and Iraq – doesn't seem to have a negative impact on the home front, where growth stays strong and unemployment stays low. But the fact that the European Union overtakes the U.S. as the world's largest economy in 2007 could be seen as a sign of underlying weakness – but that warning is soon rendered obsolete by the financial crisis that erupts the next year. Dubbed the Great Recession, it sees a serious contraction of the economy and a spike in unemployment spike at 10%. Measures taken by president Obama avert an even worse crisis, and the economy starts to grow again, although the so-called 'jobless recovery' leaves many ordinary Americans wondering when or even whether they will reap the benefits of the improving economy.
Unemployment has now fallen to what has come to be considered a natural low, of 5%. Could it ever return to the catastrophic levels of the early 1930s – or the near-full employment of the mid-1940s? As the Trump era begins, it remains to be seen whether the new president's policy changes will extend the virtuous cycle of rising growth and falling unemployment – or punctuate it with a red mark for recession, followed by rising jobless rates.
The Fall & Rise of the U.S. Economy, from the Wall Street Crash until Now https://t.co/3JWbZWSgDs pic.twitter.com/9TqKaL9tjA #dataviz #USA — How Much (@howmuch_net) February 7, 2017
Please feel free to leave your comments below! We would like to hear your feedback.
Maurice of Orange (Dutch: Maurits van Oranje) (14 November 1567 – 23 April 1625) was stadtholder of all the provinces of the Dutch Republic except for Friesland from 1585 at earliest until their death in 1625. Before they became Prince of Orange upon the death of their eldest half-brother Philip William in 1618, they were known as Maurice of Nassau.
Maurice spent their youth in Dillenburg in Nassau, and studied in Heidelberg and Leiden. They succeeded their father William the Silent as stadtholder of Holland and Zeeland in 1585, and became stadtholder of Utrecht, Guelders and Overijssel in 1590, and of Groningen in 1620. As Captain-General and Admiral of the Union, Maurice organised the Dutch rebellion against Spain into a coherent, successful revolt and won fame as a military strategist. Under their leadership and in cooperation with the Land's Advocate of Holland Johan van Oldenbarnevelt, the Dutch States Army achieved many victories and drove the Spaniards out of the north and east of the Republic. Maurice set out to revive and revise the classical doctrines of Vegetius and pioneered the new European forms of armament and drill. During the Twelve Years' Truce, a religious dispute broke out in the Republic, and a conflict erupted between Maurice and Van Oldenbarnevelt, which ended with the latter's decapitation. After the Truce, Maurice failed to achieve more military victories. They died without legitimate children in The Hague in 1625, and was succeeded by their younger half-brother Frederick Henry.
Life [ edit ]
Maurice was a son of William the Silent and Princess Anna of Saxony and was born at the castle of Dillenburg. They were named after their maternal grandfather, the Elector Maurice of Saxony, who was also a noted general.
Maurice never married but was the father of illegitimate children by Margaretha van Mechelen (including Willem of Nassau, lord of the Lek and Louis of Nassau, Lord of De Lek and Beverweerd) and Anna van de Kelder. They were raised in Dillenburg by their uncle Johan of Nassau (Jan the Old).
Together with their cousin Willem Lodewijk they studied in Heidelberg and later in Leiden where they met Simon Stevin. The States of Holland and Zeeland paid for their studies, as their father had run into financial problems after spending their entire fortune in the early stages of the Dutch revolt.
Maurice as a child
Only 16 when their father was murdered in Delft in 1584, they soon took over as stadtholder (Stadhouder), though this title was not inheritable. The monarchs of England and France had been requested to accept sovereignty, but had refused. This had left Maurice as the only acceptable candidate for the position of Stadtholder. They became stadtholder of Holland and Zeeland in 1585, of Guelders, Overijssel and Utrecht in 1590 and of Groningen and Drenthe in 1620 (following the death of Willem Lodewijk, who had been Stadtholder there and in Friesland).
Protestant Maurice was preceded as Prince of Orange (not a Dutch title) by their Roman Catholic eldest half-brother Philip William, Prince of Orange, deceased 1618. However, Philip William was in the custody of Spain, remaining so until 1596, and was thus unable to lead the Dutch independence cause.
Maria of Nassau (1556–1616), was a full sister of Philip William from the first marriage of William I, Prince of Orange, (assassinated 1584), to wealthy and powerful aristocrat Anna van Egmont, (1533–1558), and a contender to Maurice over the estate of their father.
They were appointed captain-general of the army in 1587, bypassing the Earl of Leicester, who returned to England on hearing this news.
Military career [ edit ]
The Cavalcade of princes of the House of Orange and Nassau, 1. Front Row: Maurice (1567–1625), Philip William (1558–1618), Frederick Henry (1584–1647), 2. Second Row: William Louis (1560–1632), Ernst Casimir (1573–1632) und Johann Ernst. after a print by W. J. Delff (1621) after a painting from A. P. van de Venne
Maurice organised the rebellion against Spain into a coherent, successful revolt. They reorganised the Dutch States Army together with Willem Lodewijk, studied military history, strategy and tactics, mathematics and astronomy, and proved themselves to be among the best strategists of their age. The Eighty Years' War was a challenge to their style, so they could prove themselves a good leader by taking several Spanish Outposts. Paying special attention to the siege theories of Simon Stevin, they took valuable key fortresses and towns during a period known as the Ten Glory Years: Breda in 1590, Zutphen, Knodsenburg in 1591, Steenwijk and Coevorden in 1592, Geertruidenberg in 1593, and Groningen in 1594. In 1597 they went on a further offensive and took Rheinberg, Meurs, Groenlo, Bredevoort, Enschede, Ootmarsum, Oldenzaal and closed off the year with the capture of Lingen. These victories rounded out the borders to the Dutch Republic, solidifying the revolt and allowing a national state to develop behind secure borders. They also established Maurice as the foremost general of their time. Many of the great generals of the succeeding generation, including their brother Frederick Henry and many of the commanders of the English Civil War learned their trade under their command.
For a series of maps showing Maurice's campaigns to extend and consolidate the borders of the Republic, see Gallery of Maps of the 80 Years War (in Dutch).
Their victories in the pitched battles at Turnhout (1597) and at Nieuwpoort (1600) were dependent on their innovation of cooperation between arms, with their cavalry playing a major role. The victories earned them military fame and acknowledgement throughout Europe. Despite these successes, the House of Orange did not attain great respect among European royalty, as the Stadtholdership was not inheritable.
The training of their army was especially important to early modern warfare and the Military Revolution of 1560–1650. Previous generals had made use of drill and exercise in order to instill discipline or to keep the men physically fit, but for Maurice, they "were the fundamental postulates of tactics."[1] This change affected the entire conduct of warfare, since it required the officers to train men in addition to leading them, decreased the size of the basic infantry unit for functional purposes since more specific orders had to be given in battle, and the decrease in herd behavior required more initiative and intelligence from the average soldier.[2] One major contribution was the introduction of volley fire, which enabled soldiers to compensate for the inaccuracy of their weapons by firing in a large group. It was first used in European combat at the battle of Nieuwpoort in 1600.[3]
As part of their efforts to find allies against Spain, Maurice received Moroccan envoys such as Al-Hajari. They discussed the possibility of an alliance between Holland, the Ottoman Empire, Morocco and the Moriscos, against the common enemy Spain.[4][5] Al-Hajari's journey chronicles, authored in 1637, mentions in detail the discussion for a combined offensive against Spain.[6]
Maurice was known in their time and by historians as the first general of their age. Their reputation rests not as much on their ability to win and exploit field battles as it does on this expertise as a siege commander, military organizer and innovator. Of their two great adversaries, Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma and Ambrogio Spinola, they cautiously never allowed themselves to be brought to battle with Parma, and did not follow-up chances to offer Spinola battle with forces in their favour on the Yssel in 1606. They are, however, dealt a defeat by the Spanish general at the battle of Mülheim in October 1605.[7] Based on their preference for sieges and small-scale actions, historian David Trim states that it is difficult to reach a verdict on their ability as a tactician.[8] Jonathan Israel notes that on one of the rare occasion when they did have to fight a major battle in the open – the 1600 Battle of Nieuwpoort – it did end with a Dutch victory, but this outcome was highly risky and Maurice took care to extricate their army and avoid a second such battle.[9]
Maurice founded a whole new school of military professional practice. These pointed the way to the professional armies of the future by reapplying Roman tactics and innovating in the fields of logistics, training, and economics (e.g.paying troops regularly and on time). Many graduates of service under Maurice, such as their nephew the Marshal Turenne, or their disciples such as Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, applied the Mauritian reforms to great effect in the remainder of the 17th century.[10]
Maurice and Oldenbarnevelt [ edit ]
Maurice started out as the protégé of Landsadvocaat (Land's Advocate, i.e. secretary to the nobility of Holland and legal counsel to the States of Holland, but functioning as de facto chief minister of Holland and the States-General) Johan van Oldenbarnevelt. But gradually tensions rose between these two men. Against Maurice's advice, and despite their protests, Van Oldenbarnevelt decided to sign the Twelve Years' Truce with Spain, which lasted from 1609 to 1621. The required funds to maintain the army and navy, and the general course of the war were other topics of constant struggle.
With the religious troubles between Gomarists (strict Calvinists) and Arminians (more liberal Calvinists), the struggle between Van Oldenbarnevelt and Maurice reached a climax. Van Oldenbarnevelt was arrested, tried and decapitated despite numerous requests for mercy. From 1618 till their death Maurice now enjoyed uncontested power over the Republic. They expanded the Stadtholder's palace at the Binnenhof in the Hague. The Maurice Tower is nowadays part of the building complex of the Senate of the Netherlands. In 1618, they also succeeded their elder half-brother, Philip William as Prince of Orange, a title they seems rarely to have used.
Maurice urged their cadet half brother, Frederick Henry to marry in order to preserve the dynasty.
Thirty Years' and Eighty Years' War [ edit ]
Jonathan Israel places upon Maurice part of the responsibility for the outbreak of the Thirty Years' War in which Germany was devastated and large part of its population killed. As noted by Israel,[11] German Protestants were not eager for an all-out confrontation with the Catholics. Maurice significantly helped precipitate such a confrontation by persuading their nephew Frederick V, Elector Palatine, to accept the Bohemian Crown, as well as actively encouraging the Bohemians to confront Habsburg rule, providing them 50,000 Guilders as well as sending Dutch troops to fight in the doomed Battle of the White Mountain. This ill-considered decision proved disastrous to the Bohemians, who were thereby plunged into prolonged oppression, and to Frederick who lost their ancestral lands. It also worsened the Dutch Republic's own strategic position.
In 1621 the war with Spain resumed after a 12-year period of truces. The Spanish, led by Ambrogio Spinola, had notable successes, including the siege of Breda, the old family residence of the Nassau's, in 1625.
Maurice died on 23 April 1625, with the siege still underway. Justin of Nassau surrendered Breda in June 1625 after a costly eleven-month siege.
The Seven United Provinces known as the Netherlands, protagonists of the Eighty Years' War against Spain from a 1658 map by Janssonius
List of military battles [ edit ]
Maurice participated in these battles as principal commander of Dutch forces:
Engraving of Maurice on horseback Maurice at the height of their powers Prince Maurice of Nassau
Legacy [ edit ]
The island nation of Mauritius, located in the Indian Ocean, was named after him. The island was named in the prince's honor by Dutch explorers in 1598 and was first settled by Dutch emigrants in 1638.
In 1624, English explorer Henry Hudson named what is now known as the Hudson River the Mauritius River in honor of the prince.
Coat of arms and titles [ edit ]
(top left center and bottom right center) and their mother's arms of Saxony (center)[12][13] [14] The coat of arms used by Maurice showing the county of Moersand their mother's arms of Saxony
Maurice, besides being Stadholder of several provinces and Captain-General, both non-hereditary and appointive titles, was the hereditary sovereign of the principality of Orange in what is today Provence in France. They also are the lord of many other estates, which formed their wealth:
During their lifetime they kept using the arms as during their father's life-time shown here, and never changed to the simpler arms used by their father and half brothers.
Ancestry [ edit ]
Descendants [ edit ]
Maurice never married but was the father of several illegitimate children:
by Margaretha van Mechelen:
by Cornelia Jacobsdochter:
Anna ( - 1673)
by Ursula de Rijck:
Elisabeth (1611–1679)
Karl (ca. 1612–1637)
by Anna van de Kelder:
Karl Maurice
by Deliana de Backer:
Eleonora ( - 1673)
See also [ edit ]
Dutch Empire (begun during their reign, circa 1603–1605)
Dutch Revolt
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
London: Amitabh Bachchan has emerged as the greatest Bollywood star in a UK poll celebrating 100 years of Indian cinema.
The multi-award winning actor of countless classics bagged major share of votes from critics, fans and the film fraternity to be named on top in the survey `100 Greatest Bollywood Stars` published by British Asian weekly newspaper `Eastern Eye`.
In a career spanning an incredible 40 years, 70-year-old Bachchan blockbusters like `Sholay` and `Deewar`.  They are also credited with bridging the gap between Bollywood and TV by hosting popular game show `Kaun Banega Crorepati`.
Referred to as Big B by their fans, Bachchan was also the first Bollywood star to be honoured with a statue at Madame Tussauds and recently represented India as the Olympic torch-bearer at the London 2012 Games.
"If you take longevity, impact, number of fans and varied body of work into account then Amitabh Bachchan is the greatest movie star in the history of global cinema. No other movie star has remained at the very top for as long as they have or made a positive impact on the lives of so many," said Asjad Nazir, showbiz editor of the magazine.
The survey was compiled via a combination of audience votes through social media, box-office figures, cinematic impact and critical acclaim.
Bachchan`s own choice and yesteryears acting legend Dilip Kumar came in second with Shah Rukh Khan coming in a close third.
Madhuri Dixit topped the survey among Bollywood`s female actores and was placed fourth in the overall list.
"I am proud to be a part of that and I am also proud to be a part of the whole movement where cinema is getting better and we are trying to do something different," Madhuri said.
"It`s wonderful to be highly placed, but it also comes with a great sense of responsibility on my shoulders where I have to do better every time when I am doing something. So I love it and I love what I do," they added.
The others who made it to the top 10 included names like Raj Kapoor (5), Nargis (6), Dev Anand (7), Waheeda Rehman (8), Rajesh Khanna (9) and Sridevi (10).
Other notable stars to make the cut include Salman Khan (11), Aamir Khan (14), Dharmendra (15), Hema Malini (18), Madhubala (24), Kajol (30), Hrithik Roshan (32), Rani Mukerji (38), Kareena Kapoor (43), Mumtaz (50), Saif Ali Khan (59), Priyanka Chopra (86) and Katrina Kaif (93).
PTI
They say competition breeds innovation and lower prices, and for this industry that seems to hold true. Come see the amazing sampling of independent company alternatives to Games Workshop's Citadel miniatures.
It's hard to deny that Games Workshop's designs for miniatures have made a quantum leap in the last few years. Part of that is sure to stem from the new 3D computer design and printing technology our there, BUT how much of it was also inspired by necessity?
Do they need to stay ahead of the tidal wave of independent bits, and figure manufactures out there?
Checkout these best alternatives to GW Miniatures!
List Via Spikey Bits Hobbies FB Group: Updated Aug 2017
Future Alternative Miniatures
Creature Caster War Demon
Wargameexclusive's commissar
Puppets War – Enforcer
Fantasy Alternative Miniatures
Mini Monsters Alternate and themed Terrain
That is a TON of amazing alternate sources for your miniatures needs. Plus with the prevalence of 3D printing technology, new companies are popping up all the time. For now it seems like Games Workshop is staying ahead of the curve with all this, BUT the future is anyone's guess.
If you liked that, checkout some closeup of even more amazing minis!
#bringinghobbyback
Spikey Bits Latest
A 19-year-old man who was shot to death overnight while their brother was handling a gun in east Houston is being remembered by an ABC13 anchor who knew him.Investigators say Joshua Bradley, 19, and their 21-year-old brother were inside their home on Teanaway Lane near Tilgham when the older brother's semi-automatic handgun went off.Investigators said a single bullet hit Joshua in the head, killing them instantly.Eyewitness News weekend anchor Chauncy Glover said they read the story on air this morning not realizing they knew the victim.Joshua was a graduate from Wheatley High School and a part of Glover's mentoring program, The Chauncy Glover Project, during its inaugural year in Houston.Glover said Joshua had just begun taking classes at Houston Community College, and had plans to make something of himself."Josh was such a bright young man. They were smart and very determined to be something in life," Glover said. "Whether it was unloading my car or passing out materials, Josh was always willing to help. They were the jokester of our first CGP class. They kept us laughing."Glover said in addition to being sad for the bright future Joshua was already realizing, they mourn for their family.Detectives on scene said Bradley's mother sprang into action to save their son with the help of 911 dispatchers, but it was too late.Bradley's mother and brother were interviewed by police, who are still piecing together what happened.Police said no charges have been filed, but this case may end up in the hands of a grand jury.Detectives said this tragic case just weeks before the Christmas holiday highlights the need for gun safety in your home."It is tragic. The family is obviously grieving a great deal this morning, and I would just tell everybody that...treat every single weapon that you handle as it is loaded, even if you know it's unloaded, still treat it as if it's loaded," said David Stark, HPD homicide detective.
Jairus Byrd: Saints minicamp Tuesday
Saints safety Jairus Byrd walks off the field during minicamp at the Saints training facility in Metairie on Tuesday, June 10, 2014. (Michael DeMocker, Nola.com / The Times-Picayune)
(Michael DeMocker)
The New Orleans Saints had no significant changes to their 90-man roster during Wednesday. Safety Jairus Byrd (back), defensive tackle John Jenkins and receiver Joe Morgan (ACL), who are all expected to be out until training camp, all sat out practice.
The three players have not participated in any portion of OTAs or minicamp open to the media.
Wide receiver Andy Tanner, who did not practice Tuesday, returned to practice Wednesday.
Defensive tackle Moses McCray and linebacker Cheta Ozougwu also did not participate. Wide receiver Brandin Cooks (school) and tight end Jimmy Graham (not under contract) were both absent. Neither has participated in OTAs nor minicamp.
The head of an anti-gay group is warning travelers that homosexual agents of the Transportation Security Agency (TSA) may be getting secret satisfaction out of airport security pat-downs.
Their warning adds a homophobic spin to the controversy surrounding new security procedures enacted by the TSA, which have been described as little short of molestation.
“Is it fair to travelers who may end up getting ‘groped' by homosexual TSA agents who are secretly getting turned on through the process?” asks Peter LaBarbera, President of Americans For Truth About Homosexuality (AFTAH), an anti-gay group based in Naperville, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
For LaBarbera, the thought of getting a pat-down from a possibly homosexual agent is of special concern.
“The reality is, most traveling men would not want Barney Frank to pat them down at the airport security checkpoint,” LaBarbera said.
The new airport pat-down procedure is required for those who choose to opt out of full body scans using backscatter X-ray machines.
Although a recent poll found that most people are in favor of the new body scanners, many are still concerned with invasions of privacy and possible health effects.
“They say the risk is minimal, but statistically someone is going to get skin cancer from these X-rays,” Dr Michael Love, who runs an X-ray lab at the department of biophysics and biophysical chemistry at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, told AFP.
“No exposure to X-ray is considered beneficial. We know X-rays are hazardous but we have a situation at the airports where people are so eager to fly that they will risk their lives in this manner.”
Although TSA officials claim the detailed images produced by the full body scanners are not stored, nearly 35,000 images from a body scanner in an Orlando, Florida courthouse were recorded and stored due to “mismanagement” of the machine.
Those upset about the new body scanners and intrusive airport pat-down procedure have decided to hold an “opt-out” protest on November 24th to show travelers how “the TSA treats law-abiding citizens” who refuse to be scanned.
Pilots and flight attendants, who are not exempt from the new security procedures, are expected to protest as well.
“This situation has already produced a sexual molestation in alarmingly short order,” US Airlines Pilots Association President Mike Cleary said in a statement. “Left unchecked, there's simply no way to predict how far the TSA will overreach in searching and frisking pilots who are, ironically, mere minutes from being in the flight deck.”
LaBarbera's group, Americans For Truth About Homosexuality, is “dedicated to exposing the homosexual activist agenda” and has been labeled a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
“Yes, their homophobic hate is so off off the rails, it's comical, but LaBarbera's nearly 20-year obsession with ‘opposing the radical homosexual agenda and standing for God-ordained sexuality' causes lots of damage and heartache to members of the LGBT community,” writes the ChatterBox website.
To investigate the “homosexual agenda,” members of Americans For Truth About Homosexuality go to gay events in San Francisco and take photographs of naked men.
In September, LaBarbera posted photographs of nude gay men at a Folsom Street Fair.
“LaBarbera has been falsely accused of being a repressed homosexual more times than they can remember,” the Americans For Truth About Homosexuality website notes.
When I have thought about Christmas the past nine years, I never got a warm feeling inside. Nine years is a long time for me, considering the fact that I am only eighteen years of age. I never cared about this holiday, and I resented the world for participating in it. Christmas to me was watching my little brother and older sister unwrap all of their expensive gifts. After I got to watch them celebrate this "family" holiday, I would go to my room, read, sleep, or just sit there. In my earlier teens, my thoughts would take over. I would try and find reasons to why this would happen to me. I would think of any possible reason why I would have given my family to resent me so much. I was an excelerated student. I would ace all of my classes. I wouldn't get in trouble. I was stumped.
When I saw this reddit event, I was extremely excited. For the first time since I can remember I would finally get to receive a present, and hopefully give a present to someone who might have experienced something close to the same situation I was in. I can't even explain how excited I was when my present came in the mail.
I didn't know what to expect. Honestly, when I opened the door I was trying to figure out why there was a box addressed to me and where it came from. Finally, it clicked in my head and I immediately opened up my gift. It is a Broncos Hoodie. I had a smile on my face for hours. I show it off every chance I get, and I wear it all of the time. Whenever I explain how excited I am from this program, I get nothing but weird looks. I guess you have to be able to live the situation before you get the same joy I did this day.
I love my gift. I appreciate everything that has been done this Christmas. I don't know what else to say about it, but I wanted to get that off of my chest. Thank you, my secret santa. You have made this holiday season amazing.
Quick note: I am still bragging about this sweatshirt every chance I get.
Peru approves 10 year ban on GM crops
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
November 17, 2015 Looming Threat of Extreme Solar Storms Prompts White House Response
By By Michael Kuhne, AccuWeather.com Staff Writer November 17, 2015, 9:03:38 PM EST
In the late summer of 1859, an extreme geomagnetic storm bombarded the planet, igniting the ghostly, emerald lights of the aurora across skies as far south as Cuba.
These powerful solar eruptions of magnetized plasma hitting the Earth caused telegraph wires to spark, disabled communications and set fire to several telegraph offices, according to NASA.
In the modern world, the threat of space weather is far greater as storms like the Carrington Event of 1859 pose a risk to interconnected power grids, airline operations, satellites and communications networks across the globe.
"The overall goal is to ensure that the nation is prepared to predict, mitigate and respond to an extreme space weather event such as a large-scale CME [Coronal Mass Ejection] like the 1859 event," Thomas Berger said, referring to a new multi-agency initiative launched by the Obama Administration to help prepare the country for the looming threat of extreme geomagnetic storms.
Berger is the director of NOAA's Space Weather Prediction Center, and has been working in the field of astrophysics and solar physics for more than 20 years.
The National Space Weather Action Plan and National Space Weather Strategy were unveiled in late October under the Office of Science and Technology Policy. The federal initiative includes 13 agencies and seven departments of the federal government.
"It is important to realize that smaller space weather events can also cause chronic damage to infrastructure," Berger added. "In the course of preparing for the extreme event, the nation will also be better prepared to deal with the more frequent, but more chronic space weather events."
RELATED:
AccuWeather Astronomy Facebook Page
Long Winter Nights, Dry Air Increase Chance to View Aurora
AccuWeather Astronomy Blog: Mysterious Bright Object Shocks Southwest US
One of the greatest threats to the general public resulting from solar storms is the disruption of electrical infrastructure.
In 2012, Earth experienced a near miss of a storm that could have been near the magnitude of the 1859 event, and in March 1989, a geomagnetic storm left nearly 6 million people without power for more than nine hours in Quebec, Canada.
NASA Observatory Captures Outbursts on the Sun
"In some worst case scenarios, the damage could be extensive and take weeks to months to fully recover from," Berger said.
The primary agencies involved in the response, mitigation and forecasting elements of the new plan include the Department of Homeland Security (FEMA) and the Department of Commerce housing NOAA and the National Weather Service.
In the case of long-term power outages, FEMA would respond to affected areas like they would for any other power outage, but the impact could still be devastating, they said.
"One of the most pessimistic views and estimates was produced by the National Academy of Sciences in 2008," Berger said. "It has numbers in the $1- to 2-trillion range with full recovery taking 4-10 years."
The cost would be nearly 20 times that of the damages inflicted by Hurricane Katrina.
When a geomagnetic storm interacts with the Earth's magnetic field, it drastically changes the planet's magnetosphere, and in turn generates powerful electric currents in the ionosphere that are thousands and thousands of amps, Berger said.
These geomagnetic-induced currents are mirrored in the ground, where critical electrical infrastructure is grounded. The magnitude of these storms are rated on a scale similar to tornadoes and hurricanes at G-1 through G-5, with the latter being the highest magnitude.
"One of the difficulties we face is that we have only about 150 years of records of solar storms and only a few decades of modern space-based measurements of solar storms," they said.
"We really can't say that we know for sure the maximum magnitude the sun is capable of producing in terms of extreme eruptions. But if we take the Carrington event as the prototypical event, then it could potentially damage the Extra-High-Voltage (EHV) power distribution system in the U.S."
Part of the U.S. mitigation efforts being coordinated under the new national strategy is to install equipment that would block the damaging DC currents from getting into the system, they added.
"The best-case scenario, that we are trying to work towards, is that there is no damage to the grid," they said.
With winter on the way, power outages, especially in situations of extreme heat and cold, can also lead to greater problems. Preparedness can provide safety and security in the time before agencies like FEMA mobilize their relief efforts in an emergency situation.
STUNNING: Northern Lights Radiate Minnesota Sky
In addition to mitigating the effects of solar storms, there is still much to be learned about the sun and how to predict the severity of solar storms. With no comprehensive impact models available, measuring the magnitude of an event in advance is still difficult.
NASA and the National Science Foundation are the primary agencies leading the plan's research improvements. The Department of Defense is also involved, along with the SWPC and the U.S. Air Force 557th Weather Wing, who are coordinating the forecasting and model development efforts.
"We need to better understand how the sun generates its magnetic field, how it cycles over the 10- to 13-year cycle, and how it erupts in the form of massive flares and coronal mass ejections," Berger said.
"Right now, we are somewhat akin to earthquake or volcano eruption in our ability to predict when a given sunspot active region will erupt. We can see it getting more and more magnetically complex, but we can't tell you when it will blow with any accuracy at all."
Even after an eruption is observed, knowing just how powerful it will be cannot be predicted until it's about 1 million miles away from Earth.
"All we can do now is send out watches and warnings when we see an eruption and then wait until it does or doesn't hit our 'tsunami buoy in space' [satellite] at the L1 orbit. Once the CME passes the L1 buoy, we know with more confidence how strong the resulting geomagnetic storm will be," Berger said.
With the ongoing efforts of the federal government and governments around the world, the international preparedness effort will continue to improve understanding and methods for mitigating the space weather threat.
"It's a global problem," Berger said, adding that nations, like the United Kingdom, and power companies around the world are becoming more aware of the potential harm that can be caused by solar storms.
Report a Typo
Simon Johnson, the former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, is the co-author of “13 Bankers.”
The euro zone financial situation continues to worsen. The latest idea from the euro group of finance ministers is apparently to have the European Central Bank make a huge loan to the International Monetary Fund, which would then turn around and lend to countries like Italy. This is a bizarre notion.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors. If the monetary fund takes the credit risk of a megaloan to Italy — e.g., an amount around $600 billion, greater than the fund's current lending capacity — this would represent an unprecedented and unacceptable risk to the fund's shareholders, which include the American taxpayer. If the monetary fund does not take this credit risk, what's the point?
The European Central Bank should provide financial support directly to Italy, if that is the goal.
But that goal increasingly seems to be both the only idea of officials and the last failed notion of a fading era. More bailouts and the reinforcement of moral hazard — protecting bankers and other creditors against the downside of their mistakes — is the last thing that the world's financial system needs.
Yet this is also the main idea of the Obama administration. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told The Fiscal Times this week that European leaders “are going to have to move more quickly to put in place a strong firewall to help protect countries that are undertaking reforms” – meaning more bailouts. And the new swap lines of easier credit provided by the Federal Reserve and other central banks, announced Wednesday, appear to be just another way to shore up European (and perhaps American) banks with no strings attached.
This week we also learned more about the underhanded and undemocratic ways in which the Federal Reserve saved big banks last time around. (You should read Ron Suskind's book, “Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington, and the Education of a President.” To understand Mr. Geithner's philosophy of unconditional bailouts, remember that they were president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York before becoming Treasury secretary.)
Is there really no alternative to pouring good money after bad?
In a policy statement released this week, Jon Huntsman, the former governor of Utah who is seeking the Republican presidential nomination, articulates a coherent alternative approach to the financial sector, which begins with a diagnosis of our current problem: too-big-to-fail banks:
To protect taxpayers from future bailouts and stabilize America's economic foundation, Jon Huntsman will end too-big-to-fail. Today we can already begin to see the outlines of the next financial crisis and bailouts. More than three years after the crisis and the accompanying bailouts, the six largest U.S. financial institutions are significantly bigger than they were before the crisis, having been encouraged by regulators to snap up Bear Stearns and other competitors at bargain prices.
Mr. Geithner feared the collapse of big banks in 2008-9, but their policies have made them bigger. This makes no sense.
Every opportunity should be taken to make the megabanks smaller, and plenty of tools are available, including hard size caps and a punitive tax on excessive size and leverage (with any proceeds from this tax used to reduce the tax burden on the nonfinancial sector, which will otherwise be crushed by the big banks' continued dangerous behavior).
The goal is simple, as Mr. Huntsman said in their recent Wall Street Journal opinion piece: make the banks small enough and simple enough to fail. “Hedge funds and private equity funds go out of business all the time when they make big mistakes, to the notice of few, because they are not too big to fail,” they wrote. “There is no reason why banks cannot live with the same reality.”
The path we are on leads to more state ownership of banks in Europe — not a good idea — and, in the United States, huge open-ended subsidies to private banks. Executives in those banks get the upside and American taxpayers and workers get the downside — a huge recession, damage to millions of lives and a huge run-up in government debt because of lost tax revenue.
Everything else Mr. Huntsman wants is also eminently sensible, including full transparency in the derivatives market. Who will argue with that proposal as we watch the European financial sector spiral downwards — driven partly by the fear of what lurks in prominent opaque transactions and balance sheets?
Mr. Huntsman has also spotted the fatal flaw in Basel III: “The Basel III Accord primes the pump for the next financial crisis by putting its thumb on the scale of sovereign debt, making it less expensive for banks to invest in those instruments without making a realistic risk assessment.” Again, in the light of recent developments in Europe, who can dispute this?
These are not fringe or unproven ideas. When I talk with sensible people in and around the financial sector, these are exactly their views. These are also natural Republican ideas — what we have now is not a market but a huge, unfair and dangerous subsidy scheme.
Such points are made by top academics like Gene Fama (University of Chicago) and Alan Meltzer (Carnegie Mellon), by the former Treasury Secretaries Nicholas Brady and George Shultz, and by top Federal Reserve officials, like Richard Fisher (president of the Dallas Fed) and Tom Hoenig (recently retired from being president of the Kansas City Fed and currently nominated for the No. 2 post at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation). (See my coverage of this strong current of Republican thinking in past Economix columns.)
Only Theodore Roosevelt could take on the industrial and railroad monopolies in 1901, only Richard Nixon could go to China in 1972, and only Jon Huntsman seems prepared to face down the too-big-to-fail banks today.
UFC has produced many great names, and is a breeding ground for some of the best fighters on the planet. Every weekend, UFC travels across continents for the UFC Fight Night, giving all the fans around the world a chance to see some of their favorite fighters. On March 1st, UFC visited Macao for the UFC Fight Night – Macao, and to crown the winner of its inaugural edition of TUF – China! The card was
headlined by “Stun Gun” Dong Hyun Kim and “The Hitman” John Hathaway. John is considered to be one of the best fighters coming out of the United Kingdom, and after spending considerate amount of time away from the Octagon, they looked to announce their return and their contention for the Welterweight title by taking on one of the best fighters in the division, Dong Hyun Kim.
I had the pleasure of talking to the gentleman from UK, to get their thoughts on their fight a couple of days before the event, and also had the opportunity to talk about their past, their path leading to the UFC, their training regime and what they thought about various interesting topics, such as early referee stoppages in the UFC. John was kind enough to have taken 15 minutes out of their busy schedule to talk to me, and gave their opinions and insights about the world of Mixed Martial Arts.
Although John lost their fight on March 1st, they put on an impressive performance, and received a thunderous ovation for putting on a great show. John and Kim were even stevens as they went into the third round, which ended when Kim landed a nasty looking spinning elbow that laid John out. There were a few nervous minutes after the match as the referee and the doctors checked on John, but in the end, they walked out on their own as the Macao crowd showed them their appreciation for delivering the goods. I wish John the very best for their future, and hopefully, they will get a shot at the Welterweight title in the near future. Below is the audio of the complete interview, and you can follow John Hathaway on Twitter at @ufcjohnhathaway.
Hey everyone,
This will be a surprise to most of you, but today I'm announcing that I'm stepping down from NRG's main Overwatch roster to a sub position.
For the past year, it's become obvious that I struggle with maintaining a balance between professional play and streaming. When I originally blew up on twitch, I decided that I was still dedicated to being a pro player. This hasn't changed.
However, in the current Overwatch pro scene, we're in limbo while we wait for the Overwatch League to start up later in the year. I've been struggling to justify giving up streaming hours to play in the competitive scene during this downtime. As any competitive FPS player knows, it's tough maintaining motivation for small online tournaments - particularly when I knew I was letting down my fanbase by not having a regular stream.
So for now, I'll be stepping back from the competitive scene. In the meantime, I'll be streaming under NRG as their biggest cheerleader for their OW team.
Expect to see me back in pro play for Overwatch League's first season. :D
Reply · Report Post
Our landmark study of lapsed and current vegetarians/vegans is an essential resource for animal advocates. Here we've compiled all of the related reports and resources in one place.
We've just released the last set of reports in our three-part series of takeaways from our Study of Current and Former Vegetarians and Vegans. With this release, we're looking back at some of the key findings from the study, and also looking forward to what more can be learned by sharing the data publicly.
Since the data was collected in May 2014, Faunalytics has released three sets of reports that cover different aspects of the data. Each is listed below along with some key takeaways.
Initial Findings Reports (December 2014)
Study of Current and Former Vegetarians and Vegans: Initial Findings and Study of Current and Former Vegetarians and Vegans: Companion to the Initial Findings
2% of the U.S. population 17+ is a vegetarian or vegan.
84% of vegetarians/vegans abandon their diet.
About a third (34%) of lapsed vegetarians/vegans maintained the diet for three months or less. Slightly more than half (53%) adhered to the diet for less than one year.
The only motivation cited by a majority (58%) of former vegetarians/vegans was health. A number of motivations were identified by a majority of current vegetarians/vegans: health (69%), animal protection (68%), concern for the environment (59%), feelings of disgust about meat/animal products (63%), and taste preferences (52%).
84% of former vegetarians/vegans said they were not actively involved in a vegetarian/vegan group or organization (potluck, online community, etc.).
63% of former vegetarians/vegans said they disliked that their vegetarian/vegan diet made them stick out from the crowd.
58% of former vegetarians/vegans said they did not see vegetarianism/veganism as part of their identity.
More than a third (37%) of former vegetarians/vegans are interested in re-adopting the diet, and a majority (59%) of these individuals say they are likely or very likely to do so, with health being the primary motivator.
Qualitative Findings Report (July 2015)
Study of Current and Former Vegetarians and Vegans: Qualitative Findings
The process of moving away from a vegetarian or vegan diet is multifaceted and complex, and the same appears to be true for anticipating a return to one of these diets.
Former vegetarians/vegans were asked to give the primary reason they stopped eating the diet. The frequency with which the reasons for lapsing were mentioned were: unsatisfied with food (293), health (237), social issues (120), inconvenience (115), cost (56), lack of motivation (56), and other (228).
Former vegetarians/vegans who said they were interested in resuming the diet were asked what they would need in order to do so. In order of most common, the requirements for re-adoption were related to: food (convenience, taste, etc.) (125), motivation/incentive/dedication (58), social (52), cost (more money or less expensive food) (47), health (35), and other (8).
Many individuals gave multiple reasons for why they left the diet or what they would need to resume it (or both), indicating that there is no single factor at play. While the majority of participants provided just one answer to the question at hand, the answers they chose varied substantially. Again, this suggests that there is no one approach that advocates should consider addressing these concerns.
Secondary Findings Reports (February 2016)
Study of Current and Former Vegetarians and Vegans: Secondary Findings and Study of Current and Former Vegetarians and Vegans: Companion to the Secondary Findings
Lapsed Vegetarians/Vegans Eat Less Meat than the U.S. Population: The average former vegetarian/vegan may be more appropriately thought of as a meat reducer or possibly even a semi-vegetarian, given that on average they eat only slightly more than half the daily servings of meat compared to the U.S. population in general.
The average former vegetarian/vegan may be more appropriately thought of as a meat reducer or possibly even a semi-vegetarian, given that on average they eat only slightly more than half the daily servings of meat compared to the U.S. population in general. No Indication of Substitution Effects: Compared to former vegetarians/vegan who eat beef and/or pork, former vegetarians/vegan who avoid both beef and pork do not consume more types of other animal products. These runs counter to a common belief that those who avoid beef and pork will, as a consequence, add in greater quantities of other types of meat (particularly chicken and fish).
Compared to former vegetarians/vegan who eat beef and/or pork, former vegetarians/vegan who avoid both beef and pork do not consume more types of other animal products. These runs counter to a common belief that those who avoid beef and pork will, as a consequence, add in greater quantities of other types of meat (particularly chicken and fish). Concern for Animals May Have Limits: With the exception of pork, lapsed vegetarians/vegans who were motivated by animal protection consume animal products in a similar fashion as those without animal protection motivations.
With the exception of pork, lapsed vegetarians/vegans who were motivated by animal protection consume animal products in a similar fashion as those without animal protection motivations. Motivations are Layered: Only a small proportion of current and former vegetarians/vegans cite just one motivation for consuming the diet, with health as the most frequently mentioned reason for both groups. This suggests that the majority of those who adhere to a vegetarian/vegan diet—or have in the past—have multiple reasons for doing so.
Only a small proportion of current and former vegetarians/vegans cite just one motivation for consuming the diet, with health as the most frequently mentioned reason for both groups. This suggests that the majority of those who adhere to a vegetarian/vegan diet—or have in the past—have multiple reasons for doing so. Differences Associated with Gender & Age: There are differences relating to age and gender when it comes to the motivations former vegetarians/vegans had for eating the diet, as well as how they experienced difficulties with their diet.
There are differences relating to age and gender when it comes to the motivations former vegetarians/vegans had for eating the diet, as well as how they experienced difficulties with their diet. Differences Associated with Length of Adherence: Former vegetarians/vegans who ate the diet for a year or more reported different experiences regarding motivations for, and difficulties with, the diets than those who adhered to the diet for less than a year.
Former vegetarians/vegans who ate the diet for a year or more reported different experiences regarding motivations for, and difficulties with, the diets than those who adhered to the diet for less than a year. Challenges May Make a Lasting Impression: With one exception, former vegetarians/vegans who are not interested in re-adopting the diet were more likely to indicate greater difficulty with the diet than those who are interested in following it once more.
With one exception, former vegetarians/vegans who are not interested in re-adopting the diet were more likely to indicate greater difficulty with the diet than those who are interested in following it once more. Former Vegetarians/Vegans are Alike in Many Ways: When it comes to animal product consumption, as well as motivations for and difficulties with vegetarian/vegan diets, there are relatively few differences between former vegetarians and former vegans, or between current vegetarians and current vegans.
Infographic & Blogs
For further information on the study see our infographic and our previous blogs on the topic: How Many Former Vegetarians and Vegans Are There? and 30 Million U.S. Adults Have Tried Vegetarianism or Veganism.
While there were some ill-founded assumptions about lapsed vegetarians and vegans in the media following the release of the study, we're comforted that the research has most importantly resulted in a greater awareness among advocates that vegetarian and vegan retention requires our attention. But these diets are not alone in this challenge; as with any dietary modification, not everyone who tries a new diet maintains it. The encouraging part, however, is that there is so much interest in meat-free eating, which is something our movement can really build on. This study is a step toward putting advocates in a better position to limit the obstacles that people face when trying to maintain an ethical diet in a society that, at this point in history, is organized counter to this essential goal.
Datasets & Survey Instrument
We have made the survey instrument and full datasets available so advocates and researchers can use their own lens and interpretations to find further takeaways from the study.
Thanks in Closing
The study has been a labor of love for Kathryn Asher and Che Green at Faunalytics, and also for the number of volunteers who generously contributed their time, research skills, or statistical know-how to the project, including: Dr Brock Bastian, Matt Bear, Nick Cooney, Cobie deLespinasse, Dr Hans Gutbrod, Dr Galina Hale, Peter Hurford, Mirna Jewell, Jack Norris, Carolyn Peake, Dr Eric Roberts, and the folks at Statistics Without Borders. None of this would have gotten off the ground without the generous support of the Animal Welfare Trust, VegFund, FARM, and Stephen Kaufman, MD.
Note: The study only explored dietary vegetarianism/veganism, so the terms vegetarian and vegan are being used here as a shorthand for dietary vegetarianism and veganism. Note also that the findings discussed here should be considered in light of a number of limitations, which are addressed in detail in the reports.
Apple vs. Samsung Trial Forces Companies to Open Up the Books
Everyone knows Apple and Samsung sell a lot of phones. Thanks to earnings reports there is even a pretty good sense of how many both companies sell in total each quarter.
However, the Apple-Samsung trial is providing a great deal more detail, including how many of each model both companies are selling, at least here in the U.S. during the time frame at issue in the suit.
Documents filed by Samsung lawyers on Thursday reveal that, from June 2010 through June 2012, Samsung sold 21.25 million phones, generating $7.5 billion in revenue. On the tablet side, the company sold 1.4 million Galaxy Tab and Galaxy Tab 10.1 devices, producing $644 million in revenue.
In terms of individual phone models, the largest in units were the Galaxy Prevail with 2.25 million phones sold, the Epic 4G with 1.89 million phones sold and the Epic 4G Touch variant of the Galaxy S II, which sold 1.67 million units in the U.S. All told, Samsung sold 4.1 million Galaxy S II devices, when all models are included.
On the dollar side, the Epic 4G was the biggest revenue producer, generating 855 million between the third quarter of 2010 and the second quarter of 2012.
The full chart (above, click for larger version) will be of interest not only to those watching Apple and Samsung, but also for those looking for insight into just how well the four major carriers are doing in selling Samsung products. In many cases, the models listed were sold by just one carrier. The Epic phones, for example, are Sprint models, while the Droid Charge is a Verizon model and to Infuse 4G an AT&T device.
The documents filed Thursday show Apple's phone and tablet sales as well, though the sales are only classified into iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.
From 2007 through the second quarter of 2012, Apple sold a total of 85 million iPhones in the U.S., worth a total of $50 billion in revenue, along with 46 million iPod touches producing roughly $10.3 billion in revenue. From its 2010 launch, Apple sold 34 million iPads, generating $19 billion in revenue.
Lawyers for the companies have been trying to keep as much of this detail out of the public view as possible, but that battle appears largely lost.
The jury will need the numbers, of course, if it finds infringement by either Samsung or Apple of the other's patents in order to determine damages. As both sides have found, though, suing one another will mean sharing far more information publicly than either would like.
In addition to financial data, the sides have also sought to keep secret their source code, agreements with third parties and other information they believe constitutes trade secrets. Apple has even sought to keep private its internal surveys of iPhone and iPad customers; Judge Lucy Koh has denied that request, though Apple has said it will appeal.
A number of other tech companies have also petitioned the court to keep various bits of information under seal, including Ericsson, Intel, RIM, Nokia and Microsoft. Reuters America is fighting that request, arguing that nearly all information should be made public.
Already the trial has provided a ton of insight into Apple, a company known for its secrecy. Revelations thus far include images of early iPhone and iPad prototypes, testimony about the creation of the first Apple phones and tablets and the kitchen table around which all Apple products are fashioned.
After a break on Wednesday and Thursday, court resumes on Friday with more testimony expected from Apple-hired experts. Naturally, AllThingsD will be in court to bring you the latest.
Apple versus Samsung Full Coverage
EDMONTON — With John White on the shelf, the Edmonton Eskimos have called for a helping hand, announcing Wednesday the addition of running back Kendial Lawrence.
White is a familiar face for the Eskimos have spending two seasons for the team in 2014 and 2015 before again returning in 2017. They were cut by the team following training camp last month.
With the Eskimos in 2014 and 2015, Lawrence appeared in 33 games and rushed for 560 yards and three touchdowns on 93 carries and caught 76 passes for 769 yards and five touchdowns. In 2015, the 5-foot-9, 195-pound back was second in the CFL in punt returns with 93 punt returns for 963 yards and one touchdown.
During 2016, Lawrence spent time in Hamilton and Saskatchewan appearing in 13 games and recording 37 rushes for 150 yards and one touchdown. They also caught 18 passes for 149 yards and 1076 return yards on 33 punts and 37 kickoff returns.
The Eskimos announced Monday that White, their starting running back going into the season, will be sidelined for the remainder of the 2017 season with a torn ACL. Travon Van is expected to handle starting running back duties in White's absence.
Whatever the case, the Eskimos are off with a bye week until July 14, when they host the Ottawa REDBLACKS.
Climate change is the most severe global economic risk of 2016, the World Economic Forum said yesterday.
The nonprofit economic analysis institution, set to convene next week in Davos, Switzerland, for its yearly meeting, has labeled climate change or related environmental phenomena—extreme weather, major natural catastrophes, mounting greenhouse gas levels, water scarcity, flooding, storms and cyclones—among the top five most likely and significant economic threats the world faced in each of its annual reports since 2011.
The 2016 report, the latest installment of a report the WEF has published since 2007, marks the first time an environmental risk tops the rankings.
“Climate change is exacerbating more risks than ever before in terms of water crises, food shortages, constrained economic growth, weaker societal cohesion and increased security risks,” Cecilia Reyes, the chief risk officer of Zurich Insurance Group Ltd., one of the organizations that worked on the report, said in a statement.
The WEF document does not paint a sanguine picture.
North America's eastern seaboard, East Asia, Southeast Asia and the South Pacific are particularly exposed to extreme weather patterns and natural catastrophes, according to the report—a survey conducted in the fall of 750 experts, who answered questions about 29 types of global risk, like cyberattacks, government instability and weapons of mass destruction.
Global climate change threatens top producers of wheat, corn, rice and other agricultural commodities, the report notes. Recent years illustrated the “climate vulnerability of G-20 [Group of 20] countries such as India, Russia and the United States—the breadbasket of the world.”
Hot, dry and tense
Climate change is compounding and amplifying other social, economic and humanitarian stresses globally. It is linked to mass and often forced migration; violent conflict between nations and regions; water crises; and, as the world population rises and simultaneously gets hotter, food shortages, the report reads.
“Forced displacement is already at an unprecedented level,” the authors continue, referring to emigration.
About 70 percent of fresh water humans withdraw globally is for agricultural purposes, according to the WEF, and that figure rises to 90 percent in the world's poorest countries. Meanwhile, climbing demand for meat, as emerging-market nations become wealthier, squeezes dry already-stressed water supplies across the planet.
Based on current trends and needs, the demand for water will be 40 percent more than what can be sustained in 2030, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
In this hotter, water-scarce future, tensions will likely grow between nations.
“Unless current water management practices change significantly, many parts of the world will therefore face growing competition for water between agriculture, energy, industry and cities,” the authors write.
A report commissioned by the Group of 7 nations and published in June called climate change a “threat multiplier”—a term the Department of Defense often uses—and reached comparable conclusions to the WEF study unveiled yesterday.
That study forecast that nearly $48 trillion is needed by 2035 to meeting growing energy demand, noting the water of 80 percent of the world's citizens is “seriously threatened” already.
A growing business awareness
The scope of climate impacts is broad and swift, the report says, highlighting massive rains and flooding in Pakistan in 2010 that killed about 2,000 and affected the lives of 20 million.
Following the worldwide financial meltdown of 2008, the people WEF surveyed listed the collapse of investment prices as the most likely and most grave hazards. Yet that trend shifted.
“Environmental worries have been at the forefront in recent years,” the authors wrote, “reflecting a sense that climate change-related risks have moved from hypothetical to certain because insufficient action has been undertaken to address them.”
Nigel Purvis, the CEO of Climate Advisors, a Washington, D.C.-based consultancy, said the private sector is acutely aware of the threats climate change wields.
“This is growing evidence that the global business community appreciates the increasing risk that climate change poses to the profitability of companies and the stability of their markets,” said Purvis, who crafted climate policies within the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations.
Paris ‘a starting point'
Economists, regulators and financial experts have become increasingly vocal about climate risks.
Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney, in a September speech at Lloyd's of London headquarters, said the warming climate could “bring potentially profound implications for insurers, financial stability and the economy.”
François Villeroy de Galhau, the French central banker, said in December that central banks should “remain vigilant about” and “possibly monitor the economic consequences of climate change,” and Atiur Rahman, the central banker for Bangladesh, is working to expand the green-bond market to finance climate mitigation projects.
The $4.5 trillion asset manager BlackRock Inc. said last year climate change is a serious financial concern, and other institutional investors like AXA SA, Aviva PLC and the California Public Employees' Retirement System have established similar stances, as have European investment giants Munich Re Group and Swiss Re AG.
Alex Bernhardt, the U.S. head of responsible investment for Mercer LLC, the global consulting firm with about $9 trillion in assets under advisement, said the WEF report emphasized that climate change is a “catalytic issue” becoming more important within corporate boardrooms.
Bernhardt said focus on climate change issues, which grew apace with corporate pledges to cut emissions during the run-up to the Paris climate conference last month, hasn't slowed in recent weeks.
“If anything, interest and focus is on the upswing still,” they said in an interview. “I would say there's going to be more and more focus on this,” they added. “The agreement was a starting point, not an end point, let's put it that way.”
From flooding that can swamp shoreline real estate, to less water for farmers and businesses domestic and international, to a changing power supply for electric utilities, Mercer views climate change and its knock-on effects as investment concerns (ClimateWire, June 8, 2015).
“It's a risk that needs to be managed,” Bernhardt said. “The challenge, historically, is that it's been treated as an uncertainty.”
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
“My remarks this evening are about America's great heritage of religious liberty — and about the need for each of us to defend that heritage before it is too late,” said Elder D. Todd Christofferson of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The Mormon apostle was the keynote speaker at the Freedom Festival Patriotic Service in Provo, Utah, Sunday, June 26, 2016.
“Religious freedom is indeed under attack,” Elder Christofferson told an audience in the Marriott Center at Brigham Young University. “I am convinced that those who question the value or even the legitimacy of religious freedom do not understand that it is woven into the very soul of America.”
“Religious participation in public life is not only part of American history and a constitutionally protected freedom, it's also good for our nation,” they said. “All laws and government policies are based on values — religious or otherwise.”
They argued that religious organizations offer unique perspectives in public debates. “They recognize corrosive social forces that threaten faith, family and freedom.”
“Critics now openly ask whether religion belongs in American public life at all,” they said.
Elder Christofferson continued, “Some even claim, with no sense of history, that religious people and institutions violate the constitutional separation of church and state if they bring their beliefs into the public square.”
They said the American colonists left England for the New World because of their religious conviction. Religious teachings such as the King James Bible also motivated patriots to action during the American Revolution.
“Repeating the pattern set by their Puritan forebears, early Latter-day Saints fled from state to state — eventually settling in the Great Basin — in the hope of building Zion in the wilderness,” recalled Elder Christofferson.
They said religious convictions also “set the terms of the national debates over slavery, emancipation and the Civil War.”
“Recently it has become popular to argue that the freedom of religion is really only the right to worship rather than the right to freely exercise your faith in your daily life — as if religion should be kept in the closet or some other private place,” they said.
Elder Christofferson explained, “There are concerted efforts to shame and intimidate believers who have traditional moral values and to suppress religious viewpoints and practices regarding marriage, family, gender and sexuality. Worst of all, government sometimes joins in these efforts.”
Elder Christofferson reminded the audience that religious believers are entitled to freedom of speech.
They encouraged people of faith to stand up for religious freedom by becoming informed, speaking up and getting involved in cultural and civic organizations and to participate in their political parties.
“We live in challenging times. Religious freedom is indeed under fire. And things may get worse before they get better. But these are our times. This is our moment to defend our fundamental freedoms,” they concluded.
America's Freedom Festival is recognized as one of the country's largest patriotic celebrations. It draws thousands of spectators every year from all 50 states and other nations.
Read Elder Christofferson's full address
The UN Committee on the Rights of the Child urged the Holy See to "immediately remove all known and suspected child sexual abusers from assignment and refer the matter to the relevant law enforcement authorities for investigation and prosecution purposes".
In a hard-hitting report, the committee said that the Catholic Church was still failing to do enough to live up to its stated commitment to stamp out child abuse by priests and lay employees, including in schools.
SEE ALSO: 'Vatican refuses to stop abuse': victims' group
It underlined its "deepest concern about child sexual abuse committed by members of the Catholic churches who operate under the authority of the Holy See, with clerics having been involved in the sexual abuse of tens of thousands of children worldwide".
"The Committee is gravely concerned that the Holy See has not acknowledged the extent of the crimes committed, has not taken the necessary measures to address cases of child sexual abuse and to protect children, and has adopted policies and practices which have led to the continuation of the abuse by and the impunity of the perpetrators," it added.
SEE ALSO: Vatican defrocked 400 priests after scandals
It blasted the practice of transferring child abusers from parish to parish within countries, and even across borders, in an attempt to cover up their crimes and remove them from the clutches of justice authorities.
"The practice of offenders' mobility, which has allowed many priests to remain in contact with children and to continue to abuse them, still places children in many countries at high risk of sexual abuse, as dozens of child sexual offenders are reported to be still in contact with children," it said.
The report followed a landmark hearing last month during which members of the committee - made up of 18 independent human rights experts from around the globe - grilled senior Churchmen and repeatedly called into question the Vatican's resolve.
SEE ALSO: Vatican grilled on child abuse by UN watchdog
Don't miss a story about Italy - Join us on Facebook and Twitter.
Former UFC and kickboxing veteran Duane Ludwig has taken over the reigns at Team Alpha Male during the past four months and the results have been extraordinary.
The five Alpha Male fighters on the UFC roster have gone 9-0 in the short span, scoring increasingly impressive victories, most recently winning all three fights at UFC on Fox 7 by stoppage inside the second round.
So what's Ludwig's secret weapon helping them take these already talented fighters to the next level? Their answer (taken from part two of tonight's exclusive interview with "Bang") may surprise you.
"It's freakin legal. Let me address this issue. When I watch film, I watch film normal how I am now. Then I watch film when I'm high on marijuana. I also watch the film again when I have Alpha Brain in my system. I watch film from three different states of consciousness just to get different looks at things. Just to see if maybe I missed a step or a nice little detail just to get different looks on things. I take this serious as hell."
The results speak for themselves. Perhaps marijuana is a performance enhancing drug after all.
An own goal by Aissa Mandi and Naim Sliti in the second half was enough for Tunisia to beat Algeria 2-1 in their Group B Day 2 clash on Thursday in Franceville.
Substitute Sofiane Hanni pulled one back for Algeria in the dying minutes but it was little late as ‘Les Fennecs' remain without a win at the tournament.
The victory serves a huge boost for the Tunisians, who succumbed to a 0-2 loss to Senegal in the Group B opener last Sunday at the same venue. The Carthage Eagles have three points from two games whilst Algeria has just a point from same number of matches.
It was a closely contested first half with few chances for either side though Algeria was slightly on top in terms of possession.
In the opening minutes, Ayman Mathlouthi was to their side's rescue with a timely save from a goalmouth action as both sides began to find their feet.
The Etoile du Sahel shot-stopper was on hand again to deny ‘Les Fennecs' the opener, with a cool save of a Riyad Mahrez shot after their Leicester City teammate Islam Slimani put them through.
Two minutes later, it was at the other end as Hamdi Naguez let go a cross which flew across the face of the Algerian ball, but Wahab Khazri failed to tap in.
Both sides had equal share of dominance until the Carthage Eagles shot into the lead four minutes after recess courtesy a Youssef Msakni cross that deflected off the foot of Algerian defender Mandi into the net, leaving goalkeeper Malek Asselah with no option.
It was a perfect start to the second half for the Tunisians, who needed the maximum points to keep their chances of surviving in the competition intact.
Being a goal down, the Algerians were forced to throw more men forward in search of the equalizer. That option will later turn costly leading to the second goal of the Tunisians. A feeble header back pass by Faouzi Ghoulam was intercepted by Khazri, and with only Asselah to beat, the latter was tripped by Ghoulam for a penalty.
Midfielder Sliti, whose wife is Algerian, made no mistake by sending Asselah the wrong way for the second goal on 65 minutes.
Few minutes later, Algeria coach George Leekens brought on forward Baghdad Bounedjah for Rachid Ghezzal to strengthen their attack.
Seven minutes from time, an Algerian attack involving Slimani, Bounedjah and substitute Sofiane Hanni saw Tunisian defender Ayman Abdennour intercepting Slimani's goalbound shot.
With four minutes remaining, Tunisian goalie Mathlouti was pulled out after sustaining an injury, with Rami Jeridi their replacement.
Tried as the Algerians did, they could get a consolation through Hanni, who slammed home from a Adlene Guediora cross in added-on time.
Total Man of the Match
Youssef Msakni (Tunisia)
Reactions
George Leekens (Head Coach, Algeria)
It is a fact that we lost today. We started well and were very motivated, but along the line, we were undone by two individual mistakes. Both goals were avoidable and we were also not efficient in front of goal. We know how to play, but there were a lot of costly individual errors. Collectively, we played well but the problem was the transition from defence to attack, and the problem of balance as well. Sometimes, you also need a bit of luck in matches, and today we were unlucky.
Henri Kasperczak (Head Coach, Tunisia)
Today was a different game compared to the one against Senegal (which we lost 0-2). The team recovered physically after the defeat to Senegal and there were a lot of positives from that match. We made the maximum out of the situation. We were efficient today and managed to score, which is the only way you can win matches. Algeria played well, unfortunately things did not work out for them. We can always go far as long as we take our chances in every game.
Image gallery
PISCATAWAY, N.J. -- Ruth's Chris Steak House in Ann Arbor thought it would have a fun promotion.
Instead, it may have bitten off more than it can chew -- or its patrons can.
The steakhouse started a promotion last week giving Michigan fans a percentage off their total food bill equal to the final winning point differential.
►Report card: U-M grades from the win over Rutgers
Then Michigan beat Rutgers, 78-0, on Saturday, the largest point differential since 1939, which would mean a 78% discount. But, as stated before the promotion began, the restaurant's conditions state that 50% would be the limit for the deal today through Thursday.
As of Sunday afternoon, the restaurant is already booked through Thursday.
Located at 314 S. Fourth Ave., it's a promotion the restaurant plans to continue through football season.
“We love to support our community's fan base and extend the celebration to our guests,” Paul “Buzz” Goebel, general manager of Ruth's Chris Steak House Ann Arbor, wrote in announcing the promotion last week.
Sign-up for the #HTown Rush Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the #HTownRush Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
There are a few other caveats -- the "gratuity is based on the total bill prior to the discount, may not be combined with any other promotions or offers, excludes group or private dining, discount excludes alcoholic beverages."
Today they'll see what kind of impact the blowout meant for them.
Two-point try: Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh insisted they aren't trying to rub in the score.
It appeared that way when U-M went for and converted the two-point conversion after scoring the fourth touchdown in the win over Rutgers.
Holder Garrett Moores, placed on scholarship before the season, took the snap and ran into the end zone untouched to make the score 29-0, instead of 28-0. At that point it seemed excessive, but Harbaugh said the Wolverines had been planning to try based on a Rutgers alignment they saw on film.
"This is something we had practiced all week and we saw a look that we thought we could get a two-point conversion on," Harbaugh said. "We had it called each of the extra points. We didn't call it after that fourth touchdown. It was dialed up and called off the first three times and the fourth time we got the look we had prepared for. Our guys executed it very well."
Free Press writers Mark Snyder and Drew Sharp break down what they just saw in Michigan's 78-0 evisceration of Rutgers on Oct. 8, 2016. (via Facebook Live)
Mr. Everything: Fullback Khalid Hill continues to shine as U-M's touchdown leader. They scored three more Saturday, two on the ground (two carries, two yards, two touchdowns) and one on a catch for 11 yards.
After never scoring in their career before, now they have eight total touchdowns.
 They are the first Wolverine with at least three touchdowns in a game since Jehu Chesson had four against Indiana last season.
"If you were to tell me this last year, that I would have these touchdowns and do what I'm doing, it would seem far-fetched, to do it now is amazing," Hill said.
The O-line: Michigan shuffled its starting offensive line to open the game, with first-year student Ben Bredeson starting in place of Ben Braden at left guard.
But that unit only lasted two plays as left tackle Juwann Bushell-Beatty – who was already replaced starter Grant Newsome, whose season ended last week – was injured.
They left the field under their own power but spent time on the sideline with their right knee being examined.
Bushell-Beatty's departure shook up the line again, as center Mason Cole bounced out to left tackle and Patrick Kugler took over for them at center for the rest of that drive and the following two series.
Bushell-Beatty got their helmet back after a few series and eventually returned to the game with Cole moving back to center. Braden stepped in at left guard and then Bredeson played later with the second string.
The No. 2 line from left to right: Nolan Ulizio (who also entered as sixth lineman on one play with the starters), Bredeson, Kugler, Michael Onwenu, and David Dawson.
Contact Mark Snyder at msnyder@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter at @mark__snyder.
Download our Wolverines Xtra app on iTunes and Android!
Close
Actor Seth Rogen has led a charge against senators who walked out or simply neglected to show up at their testimony to improve Alzheimer's research and support. Just two of eighteen senators were present at the Senate hearing where the actor spoke, indicative, tweeted Rogen, of "...how the government views Alzheimer's. Seems to be a low priority."
Following their ill-attended testimony, Rogen appeared on MSNBC's Hardball, expressing their disappointment at the sixteen senators who weren't present at the time of their address. "It's indicative of a mentality that we find so frustrating. It seems like these people don't care," Rogen said to host Chris Matthews. Indeed, Senator Mark Kirk of Illinois tweeted their thanks to Rogen for delivering the testimony, only for Rogen to point out that Kirk's was one of many empty seats.
Rogen, a celebrity ambassador for the Alzheimer's Association, has been involved with Alzheimer's awareness projects for several years. In 2012, they co-founded Hilarity for Charity, a series of comedy fundraising events to improve Alzheimer's care, reduce pressure placed on the families of Alzheimer's sufferers, and better support groups throughout America. Hilarity for Charity also raises money for research into the field in a hope to better understand the causes and possible treatment options for the neurodegenerative disease.
Rogen's battle for greater awareness around the disorder is a personal one, with their mother-in-law Adele Miller diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's at the young age of 54. Their wife, Lauren Miller, is the co-founder of Hilarity for Charity, and accompanied Rogen to the testimony.
Peppered with wry jokes, Rogen's speech touched on the high expenses incurred by families dealing with Alzheimer's and called for a higher quality of education on the condition. "I've personally seen the massive amount of financial strain this disease causes and if the American people ever decide to reject genitalia-driven comedy, I will no longer be able to afford it," they said. They also discussed their work with Hilarity for Charity. "That's right, the situation is so dire that it caused me -- a lazy, self-involved, generally self-medicated man child -- to start an entire charity organization. It was through this that we felt we weren't just complaining there was nothing to be done but actively taking steps to do something. Instead of being disappointed that young people were so misinformed about the reality of the disease, we started to educate them."
"Americans whisper the word Alzheimer's because their government whispers the word Alzheimer's."
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
A trial starts tomorrow in federal court about whether Michigan's ban on same-sex marriage is constitutional, and as the New York Times explained over the weekend, it will offer an interesting test of the best research conservatives could come up with to support their contention that gay parents are bad for children. When we take a close look at what they'll put on the stand, it shows something that I think applies to a lot of areas of the conservative movement these days: when they try to play seriously on the field of ideas, what they come up with is, frankly, pathetic.
After years of watching researchers fail to find any ill effects of children being brought up by gay people, conservatives felt like they had to do something, and here's what they did:
In meetings hosted by the Heritage Foundation in Washington in late 2010, opponents of same-sex marriage discussed the urgent need to generate new studies on family structures and children, according to recent pretrial depositions of two witnesses in the Michigan trial and other participants. One result was the marshaling of $785,000 for a large-scale study by Mark Regnerus, a meeting participant and a sociologist at the University of Texas who will testify in Michigan.
So, they throw a ridiculous amount of money at an academic who's friendly to their position but knows what he's doing, and they figure, now we'll have the support we need to bolster our case. And what are they able to come up with? The result, which has been heralded by conservatives and anti-gay organizations, is this study. I want to talk about it briefly, because if this is the best they can do, it shows what a poor position they're in.
The problem in studying the question of how having gay parents affects children is that gay people are a relatively small portion of the population, so getting a sample that includes enough of them to allow for comprehensive analysis is difficult. But Regnerus's sample, of young adults who had a parent who at one time or another had a gay relationship (keep that in mind) is just as problematic, and the way they analyze the data makes it even more problematic. They assert that having had such a parent is associated with a range of bad outcomes, like being depressed, being unemployed, or having a criminal record. They don't specify the mechanism by which these things are supposed to occur—are gay people naturally bad parents? Does exposure to gayness make you crazy? And that's where things start to break down.
The main problem with Regnerus's study is that he's dealing with such small numbers—163 respondents whose mother had a gay relationship, and 73 whose father had one—that they can identify only a tiny number whose parent had a stable relationship of the kind we're talking about when we talk about marriage equality. Only 23 percent of their children of lesbians (or 38 individuals) lived in a home where that relationship lasted over three years. And among children of men who had had a gay relationship, the figure was "less than 2 percent," which would mean either 14 individuals or fewer. But they don't ever look at these people separately, even though they're precisely the children we're supposedly concerned about when we're debating whether gay people should be allowed to get married.
So when Regnerus runs their regressions (which are only described in the text but aren't displayed in a table, which is odd), they don't include the length of their parents' gay relationship as a control. That means that, say, the young man who grew up in a happy home with two mothers is lumped together with the young woman whose father was living a miserable life on the down low, got caught by their wife, and then the family went through an ugly divorce. Most of the "children of gay people" in Regnerus's sample are actually children of unhappy marriages, infidelity, separation, divorce, single parenthood, or some combination thereof. So it isn't too surprising that in young adulthood, these people had more problems on average than people who came from intact heterosexual two-parent households, which is the group he's comparing them to. In fact, they don't say if any of the children of gay people in their sample had a similar upbringing to that comparison group—raised by an intact couple for their entire childhood—so their study tells us precisely nothing about how children like that are likely to turn out when they grow up.
Because he's an academic, Regnerus talks about their data like an academic does, with plenty of caveats about what can and can't be inferred from their results. But the point is that this study, with these glaring weaknesses that mean it doesn't at all support the argument conservatives want to make, is the best they can do.
And that's really the problem. Because there's a fundamental contradiction in the conservatives' argument. They're trying to argue that gay people shouldn't be allowed to marry—in other words, that the status quo in most states is the preferred situation—by arguing that the status quo is bad for children of gay people. But if their policy argument had a shred of coherence, what it would actually demand is that they show that allowing kids to grow up in households with legally recognized, stable two-parent gay relationships would be worse than growing up with a single parent or in a household where one of your parents is closeted. That's the choice before us, and if conservatives are going to say they're motivated by the welfare of children, that's the position they'll have to take: that unstable relationships without legal protection provide a better environment for raising kids than legally recognized marriages. And I can't imagine even they believe that.
Columbus Blue Jackets 2013 first-round pick Kerby Rychel asked for a trade before the season began, The Columbus Dispatch's Aaron Portzline reports.
Selected 19th overall, Rychel's played 16 games over the past two seasons for the Blue Jackets, and is still searching for their first NHL goal. They had three assists in five games last season, and has three assists in 11 games in 2015-16.
According to Portzline, Rychel's agent and their father met with the Blue Jackets at development camp this fall to ask why Rychel was so low on Columbus' depth chart. It's assumed that's when the trade request was made. However, the Blue Jackets aren't interested in trading the 21-year-old, Portzline adds.
Rychel's spent most of this season with the American Hockey League's Lake Erie Monsters, where they have five goals and 12 assists in 19 games, along with 43 penalty minutes
Portzline lists a number of teams reportedly interested in acquiring the son of former NHLer Warren Rychel:
Anaheim Ducks
Boston Bruins
Calgary Flames
Detroit Red Wings
Montreal Canadiens
New York Rangers
Toronto Maple Leafs
Rychel has 50 points (17 goals, 33 assists) in 70 career AHL games.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201611/282/1155968404_5205196993001_5205187112001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true White House: Obama still thinks Trump 'unfit' for the presidency
President Barack Obama has taken a decidedly conciliatory tone in discussing the transition process between their administration and the incoming one of President-elect Donald Trump.
But White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Thursday that the president hasn't changed their mind about the man who will be the next commander in chief.
Story Continued Below
Earnest was asked during their daily press briefing about the president's campaign trail rhetoric, specifically their remarks that Trump is “temperamentally unfit” and “uniquely unqualified” to be president.
“Look, the president's views haven't changed. They stand by what they said on the campaign trail,” the press secretary replied. “He had an opportunity to make their argument. They made that argument vigorously. They made that argument in states all across the country. But the American people decided. The election is over. The president didn't get to choose their successor, the American people did. And they have chosen President-elect Trump. And President Obama is determined to preside over a transition that gives the incoming president the opportunity to get a running start.”
Obama spent significant amounts of time on the campaign trail on behalf of Hillary Clinton, their former secretary of state, whose campaign banked on the president's rising job approval numbers to build support and enthusiasm in swing states. That the president was so active in the race to decide their successor was somewhat of a break from recent history: Neither President George W. Bush nor President Bill Clinton spent much time campaigning for nominees John McCain or Al Gore in 2008 or 2000, respectively.
Earnest said the roughly 90-minute White House meeting between Obama and Trump touched on both foreign and domestic policy issues, but was focused for a significant portion on “discussing the importance of properly staffing up and organizing a White House operation.” The press secretary said Obama was encouraged by Trump's apparent dedication to a smooth transition process and that their shared goal to that end made the conversation “at least a little less awkward than some might have expected.”
“The American people chose someone else and he's committed to working with that person, the person they did not support, to ensure a smooth and effective transition,” Earnest said. “There is a long tradition in our democracy of presidents effectively doing that. Because they have a responsibility to put their own political views aside and perform the functions of the presidency. And one of those functions is to ensure a peaceful, smooth and effective transition.”
Organizers are claiming Thursday's one-day strike of fast food workers in New York City marked the largest-ever action of its kind. Some 400 workers are believed to have walked off the job at more than 50 locations of McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King and KFC, calling for $15-an-hour wages and the right to unionize without intimidation. Striking workers Roslynn Russell of Domino's and Tabitha Verges of Burger King said they deserve a living wage.
Roslynn Russell: “I go to work every day, I do my job, and I just can't survive out here. I'm basically working my butt off and still having to rely on food stamps.”
Tabitha Verges: “It's hard to find another job. This is why I'm still stuck at Burger King for the past four years. If it was easy to find another job, I wouldn't be out here right now fighting for $15 an hour and a union.”
Thursday's action followed an earlier strike in New York City at the end of November. It was deliberately held on the 45th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in Memphis, Tennessee. The workers carried signs reading, “I am a woman” and “I am a man,” invoking the slogans of the Memphis sanitation workers strike that Dr. King was involved in at the time of their death.
GENEVA/DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran's crude oil exports in December leapt to their highest level since European Union sanctions took effect last July, analysts and shipping sources said, as strong Chinese demand and tanker fleet expansion helped the OPEC member dodge sanctions.
Vessels sail past Malta-flagged Iranian crude oil supertanker "Delvar" (L) anchoring off Singapore March 1, 2012. REUTERS/Tim Chong
Exports rose to around 1.4 million barrels per day (bpd) in December, according to two industry sources and shipping and customs data compiled by Reuters on a country-by-country basis and corroborated by other sources and consultants.
The sources said they expected exports to dip in January from the December peak ahead of new U.S. sanctions.
Western sanctions aimed at curbing Iran's disputed nuclear program halved Iran's oil exports in 2012 from 2.2 million bpd in late 2011, leading to billions of dollars in lost revenue and a plunge in the Iranian currency.
But continuous robust demand from top buyer China and others such as India and Japan, as well as the purchase of new tankers, allowed the Islamic Republic to unexpectedly boost exports late last year.
The United States and the EU are hoping the economic pressure will force Iran to address international concerns about its nuclear program, which Tehran insists is for peaceful purposes but the West suspects is for making weapons.
Salar Moradi, oil market analyst at oil and gas consultancy FGE, estimated that Iran shipped more than 1.4 million bpd of crude oil in December and forecast that exports would remain between 1.1 million and 1.3 million bpd in the first quarter of 2013.
This represents an increase from a low point of less than 900,000 bpd in September and suggests monthly revenues worth approximately $4.7 billion based on December Brent prices.
“They (Iran) bought a number of tankers from China and can now do more deliveries ... It's taken some pressure off Iran and facilitated tanker traffic and we are seeing higher exports to China,” they told Reuters this week.
The second industry source said the rise in exports to near 1.4 million bpd was a result of traditional buyers finding new ways to secure shipping insurance.
But, like FGE, they estimated that they would fall slightly to around 1.3 million bpd in January.
CHINESE THIRST
Chinese data showed the country bought 593,400 bpd of Iranian crude in December, the second-highest level of daily imports in 2012, a rise that Chinese officials also attributed to an easing of shipping delays.
Previously, Iran's tanker fleet had struggled to meet delivery schedules to China because EU measures in July barred Europe-based insurers from covering tankers that carry Iranian oil.
“China is saying let's up the numbers because no one is doing anything about it, and it looks like Obama has made a political decision not to go to war with Iran,” said a senior source with a large independent trading house, referring to U.S. President Barack Obama.
Elena McGovern, oil and gas analyst at Business Monitor International, said: “The implications of preventing Chinese imports from Iran would be too damaging to the (U.S.-China) bilateral relationship. I would be very surprised if Obama were to take China to task on Iranian imports.”
India's imports of Iranian crude were up 29 percent in December from November at around 275,000 bpd, according to tanker arrival data.
Tracking Iranian shipments has become increasingly difficult as companies have sought to conceal tanker movements from Western governments by turning off satellite signals.
Estimates of the Islamic Republic's monthly crude exports can vary considerably and are frequently revised.
NEW SANCTIONS LOOMING
A fresh round of U.S. sanctions coming into force next month could cap Iran's exports in the coming months as some buyers balk at the prospect of falling foul of the measures.
From February 6, U.S. law will prevent Iran from repatriating earnings it gets from its shrinking oil export trade, a powerful sanction that the U.S. officials say will “lock up” a substantial amount of Tehran's funds.
“We continue to engage in close consultations with our international partners on U.S. sanctions with the objective of maintaining pressure on Iran to comply with its international obligations,” said U.S. State Department spokesperson John Finn.
“Month-to-month variability in crude oil purchases is not unusual,” they added.
The International Energy Agency in December forecast a drop in Iranian exports to around 1 million barrels per day in late 2012 and early 2013.
But no matter how many rounds of sanctions are in effect, they are never watertight. Iran found creative ways to market its products and managed to sell more than 1.3 million tonnes of its fuel oil last summer, generating revenues equal to up to a third of its crude exports.
However, the latest data showed fuel oil exports have also taken a dip from the average 648,000 tonnes from July to October.
Exports fell to approximately 230,000 to 330,000 tonnes in December, Salar Moradi said, although they attributed this partly to higher domestic consumption in winter as utilities switch to fuel oil to replace gas used to meet heating requirements in the country.
In a more conservative estimate, data from a firm tracking Iranian fuel oil shipments showed that December exports were around 150,000 tonnes.
Condensate exports also fell by around 300,000 tonnes from November to 600,000 to 700,000 tonnes in December, data from the same firm showed. A Dubai-based analyst said condensate exports might come under further pressure as Iran's biggest customer in the Middle East has decided to reduce its purchases.
Dubai government-owned Emirates National Oil Co (ENOC) has started importing condensate from Qatar to replace sanctioned Iranian oil and is close to finalizing deals with other producers, the company said on Sunday.
Still, some analysts think Iran will continue to find ways to safeguard against significant drops in its oil revenues.
“What we have seen is that when Iran is pushed to a do-or-die situation, they have looked for creative solutions to get around sanctions,” said McGovern.
“The system will always find a way to cope.”
Before that, we advice you to, again, take this one with a grain of salt. And prepare yourselves for another 4th quarter Shuriken Sentai Ninninger final mecha rumor from one of rumor masters in the tokusatsu and super sentai community, dukemon22.Before that, we advice you to, again, take this one with a grain of salt.
" Ninninger's final robot will release in October. It is known as "GekiAtsuDaiOh." This will be the only thing released in Quarter 4, besides special releases (Figuarts and Tamashii shop releases.)
DX Shuriken Gattai GekiAtsuDaiOh:
-A 6-combiner gattai robot. Formed from HouhouMaru (Phoenix), GenbuMaru (Turtle), Seiryuu Maru (Dragon), ByakkoMaru (White Tiger), PandaMaru (Panda), and MagoiMaru (Black Carp.)
-Each of these final Otomin has an Animal + Vehicle motif. (Genbu is part caterpillar construction vehicle, Seiryuu is part motorcycle, and Magoi is part submarine.)
-As a whole, the robot has orange and blue coloring. It looks very god like, and has a flame motif.
Robot Formation:
Genbu- Face, Torso, Upper Legs
Seiryuu- Right Arm Magoi- Left Arm Panda- Left Leg (from under the knee) Byakko- Right Leg (from under the knee) Houhou- Back of the Head/Back (the Phoenix Head is stationed above the Nin-Shuriken which forms the head of the robot.)
-GekiAtsuDaiOh can swap with Shurikenjin in the HaOhShurikenjin formation, forming HaOhGekiAtsuDaiOh. This seems to be the only gattai it can perform.
ANKARA (AA) - Turkish Minister of Culture and Tourism Omer Celik announced on Tuesday that Turkey will join the 86th Oscar Academy Awards with the film "Kelebegin Ruyasi (Dream of the Butterfly)."
Celik wrote on their official Twitter account that the "Kelebegin Ruyasi' movie, directed by Yilmaz Erdoğan and sponsored by our Ministry, will be our Oscar candidate. Congratulations."
"The members of the Commission of Artistic Activity determined 'Kelebegin Ruyasi' movie to run in the "Best Foreign Film" category of the 86th Oscar Academy Awards, to be held at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood, United States, on March 2, 2014," said the statement.
The film "Kelebegin Ruyasi (Dream of the Butterfly)," depicting Turkey of the 1940s as well as the days of mobilisation during the Second World War, was released on February 22, 2013 in the theatres in Turkey, Europe and in the Middle East.
Telling two young poets' struggle with life and love, the leading roles of the movie are the famous Turkish actors and actores, namely Kivanc Tatlitug, Belcim Bilgin, Mert Firat, Zeynep Farah Abdullah and Yilmaz Erdoğan.
The idea backfired, however, embarrassing the space agency for responding to ignorance, and the book deal was chucked.
"The issue of trying to do a targeted response to this is just lending credibility to something that is, on its face, asinine," NASA chief Sean O'Keefe said in late November after the dust settled. So it's back to square one - ignoring the hoaxers. That's troubling to some scientific experts who contend that someone needs to lead the fight against scientific illiteracy and the growing belief in pseudoscience like aliens and astrology. Someone like NASA. "If they don't speak out, who will?" asks Melissa Pollak, a senior analyst at the National Science Foundation.
Author James Oberg will. The former space shuttle flight controller plans to write the book NASA commissioned from them even though the agency pulled the plug. He's seeking money elsewhere. Their working title: "A Pall Over Apollo." Tom Hanks will speak out, too. The Academy Award-winning actor, who starred in the 1995 movie "Apollo 13" and later directed the HBO miniseries "From the Earth to the Moon," is working on another lunar-themed project. The IMAX documentary will feature Apollo archival footage. Its title: "Magnificent Desolation," astronaut Buzz Aldrin's real-time description of the moon on July 20, 1969. While attending the Cape Canaveral premiere of the IMAX version of "Apollo 13" in November, Hanks said the film industry has a responsibility to promote historical literacy. They took a jab at the 1978 movie "Capricorn One," which had NASA's first manned mission to Mars being faked on a sound stage. "We live in a society where there is no law in making money in the promulgation of ignorance or, in some cases, stupidity," Hanks said. "There are a lot of things you can say never happened. You can go as relatively quasi-harmless as saying no one went to the moon. But you also can say that the Holocaust never happened."
A spokesperson for the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington says there will always be those who will not be convinced. But the museum does not engage them in debate. The spokesperson acknowledges, however, that if a major news channel was doing a program that questioned the authenticity of the Holocaust, "I'd certainly want to inject myself into the debate with them in a very forceful way." Television's Fox Network was the moon-hoax purveyor. In February 2001 and again a month later, Fox broadcast an hourlong program titled "Conspiracy Theory: Did We Land on the Moon?" Roger Launius, who agreed to Oberg's book just before leaving NASA's history office, says the story about the moon hoax has been around a long time. But the Fox show "raised it to a new level, it gave it legs and credibility that it didn't have before." Indeed, the National Science Foundation's Pollak says two of their colleagues, after watching the Fox special, thought it was possible that NASA faked the moon landings. "These are people who work at NSF," they stress.
The story went - and still goes - something like this: America was desperate to beat the Soviet Union in the high-stakes race to the moon, but lacked the technology to pull it off. So NASA faked the six manned moon landings in a studio somewhere out West. Ralph Rene, a retired carpenter in Passaic, New Jersey, takes it one step farther. The space fakery started during the Gemini program, according to Rene, author of the 1992 book, "NASA Mooned America!" "I don't know what real achievements they've done because when do you trust a liar?" Rene says. "I know we have a shuttle running right around above our heads, but that's only 282 kilometres up. It's under the shield. You cannot go through the shield and live." He's talking, of course, about the radiation shield. Alex Roland, a NASA historian during the 1970s and early 1980s, says their office used to have "a kook drawer" for such correspondence and never took it very seriously. But there were no prime-time TV shows disputing the moon landings then - and no Internet.
Still, Roland would be inclined to "just let it go because you'll probably just make it worse by giving it any official attention." Within NASA, opinions were split about a rebuttal book. Oberg, a Houston-based author of 12 books, mostly about the Russian space program, said ignoring the problem "just makes this harder. To a conspiracy mind, refusing to respond is a sign of cover-up." Phil Plait, a Sonoma State University astronomer who picks apart the moon hoaxers' claims on their "Bad Astronomy" Web site, agrees that NASA should have followed through with the book but understands why it didn't. "It became, as things like this do, a media circus. And by circus, I mean more like carnival," Plait says, toot-toot-tootling like a calliope. They warn, "There's a lot of antiscientific thinking and if this stuff is allowed to continue, it's going to spell doom for our country." Apollo 13 commander Jim Lovell does not know what else, if anything, can be done to confront this moon madness.
"All I know is that somebody sued me because I said I went to the moon," says the 74-year-old astronaut. "Of course, the courts threw it out." The authorities also threw out the case involving Apollo 11 moonwalker Aldrin in September. A much bigger and younger man was hounding the 72-year-old astronaut in Beverly Hills, California, calling them "a coward and a liar and a thief" and trying to get them to swear on a Bible, on camera, that they walked on the moon. Aldrin, a Korean War combat pilot, responded with a fist in the chops. Compare this with the gentle disbelievers of yesteryear. For its last manned moon shot 30 years ago this month, NASA invited Charlie Smith, a former slave reputed to be 130 years old. Smith was impressed by the nighttime liftoff of Apollo 17, but said afterward they still did not believe the astronauts were flying to the moon. "It just can't happen," they insisted.
Ron Howard's grandfather also did not believe men went to the moon. Howard grew up to become the director of "Apollo 13." On the Net:
NASA
Author James Oberg
Astronomer Phil Plait
AP
December 13th, 2016 | by Jan Potucek
Legislation
There is no doubt that since the New Year, trade with African Grey Parrots will be more limited than it used to be in the past. In relation to reclassification of this species from CITES Appendix II to CITES Appendix I, all owners of African Grey Parrots in the Czech Republic will need to apply for exemption in case they decide to sell it. This news is not any surprise and it has been expected as the same regulation goes also for all other CITES I species. However, only breeders who can prove origin of the parents will receive this document. Owners of the birds with unknown origin will not be allowed to sell babies of such pairs.
„Proving the origin will be processed in accordance to effective law. The person needs to provide a document which confirms transfer of the animal from the previous owner. If the person received the bird in import from country outside of EU then needs to provide CITES permission. Own offspring can be proved by records in a „breeding book“ which should be kept by all owners of CITES II species,“ said representatives of the Czech Ministry of Environment. At the moment of registration, birds needs to have a closed ring or microchip.
.
.
Captive parents – better chance to receive permission
For authorities, origin of the parents is the key factor to decide about issuing of exemption from ban on sale of babies. Owners who can prove that they gained their birds legally as captive bred will most likely receive the permission for sale. If origin is not proved then babies of such birds cannot be sold or they receive CITES documents with code „F“ which enables only one particular sale of that animal.
.
Title photo: (c) Paul McGuire, This file is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic license.
When The Gays first learned that Ted Olson, uber-conservative and defender of George W. Bush's presidency, would be taking the lead in Perry v. Schwarzenegger, the case to decide gay marriage at a federal level, many folks, including Gay Inc. leaders, were suspicious of their motives. Was this guy going to purposefully throw the trial by putting forth a bunk argument in favor of marriage equality, and effectively ruin the gay marriage fight for everyone else? But as Perry has proceeded (we're now in Week 3), the opposite appears to be true: Not only is Olson (and co-counsel Boies) throwing down arguments that makes gay marriage seem like the only reasonable thing to allow, it's the defendants at Protect Marriage that appear to be purposefully throwing their own case. The National Organization for Marriage should be pissed!
When the defense called professor Kenneth Miller as its first witness, the court played witness not only to a man whose credentials as an expert on anything are seriously in doubt, but that their own conclusions about gays and marriage weren't based on their own independent research. And then, in a mind-blowing admission on the stand (during what ended up as a nine-hour cross-examination) they admitted that yes, the Defense of Marriage Act — which, like Prop 8, prohibits government recognition of same-sex marriage — is discriminatory.
If that weren't enough, Protect Marriage's second witness on the stand managed to further damage their case.
David Blankenhorn (pictured), founder of the Institute for American Values (how official sounding!) and supposedly one of the defense's “best” expert witnesses, got on the stand and helped sink the defense's case. Under cross-examination, they acknowledged that, not three years a go in a book they authored, they wrote that this country would be “more American on the day we permit same-sex marriage than we were on the day before.”
They also dropped a bomb on one of Protect Marriage's core arguments: That only heterosexual marriage is healthy enough to raise children. On the stand, Blankenhorn admitted they didn't know of any scientific studies that said children raised by gay parents were worse off than the children of hetero parents. Moreover, Blankenhorn also dismissed the idea that two adoptive parents (even of the heterosexual variety) were just as good as biological parents. “No sir, that's not correct,” they told Boies on cross.
Which means Protect Marriage's second witness, in arguing against gay marriage (but proving its normalcy at the same time), is heretofore recommending we ban adoption too, because that's just not as healthy for kids as two heterosexual biological parents. Think we're making a leap? Consider that Blankenhorn's argument against gay marriage rests on the same facts: it's not as good as heterosexual marriage. No wonder Judge Vaughn Walker almost nixed Blankenhorn's status as an “expert” witness.
Worth noting: Blankenhorn's name was most recently attached to this Times op-ed, co-authored with Maggie Gallagher debate challenger Jonathan Rauch, that argues civil unions should be legalized, and the M-word not used — only because it's too controversial and isn't a good enough compromise with religious conservatives. Not because there's a reasonable argument against giving gays full marriage rights.
No surprise the American Foundation for Equal Rights, which is footing Olson-Boies' bill, blasted an email out headlined, “PROP. 8 CASE HEADS TO END WITH DEFENDANTS' OWN WITNESSES MAKING PLAINTIFFS' CASE.”
Sony was already an experienced veteran of the smartwatch market when Android Wear was announced. Of course, I don't mean that they were experienced selling them—oh, goodness no. Sony sure did make smartwatches, though. When asked if there would be an Android Wear device in Sony's portfolio, the company said it would continue to do its own thing. Well, that didn't last long. The SmartWatch 3 is essentially a beefed up version of Sony's past smartwatches running Android Wear, and that could make it a potent competitor in the burgeoning wearable wars.
Sony's experience making smartwatches isn't all for naught—the SmartWatch 3 has a few interesting features and quirks that make it a neat addition to the Android Wear lineup.
Sony SmartWatch 3 Specs Display: 1.6-inch Transflective TFT LCD, 320x320
Battery: 420mAh
Storage: 4GB
Processor: Broadcom BCM23550, 1.2GHz Quad-core ARM Cortex A7
Dimensions: 36mm x 10mm x 51mm
Weight: Watch core – 38g, Strap – 36g
Sensors: Ambient Light, Accelerometer, Magnetometer, Gyroscope, GPS
Protection: IP68
Extras: NFC and WiFi (not yet functional)
The Good Excellent battery life
Comfortable strap with nice clasp
Smooth performance
Understated look (some might say boring)
Transflective screen is sharp and readable outdoors
Ambient light sensor
Ready for the future of Wear with GPS, NFC, and WiFi
The Bad Transflective screen not readable in dark while in ambient mode
Colors on screen are slightly yellow-ish
Boring look (some might say understated)
Stiff button
Strap collects dust
Non-standard straps
No heart rate sensor
Design And Internals
The SmartWatch 3 is an unimposing device, but I'll tell you right now, it doesn't come off very well in photos. It's becoming a trend with many Android Wear devices, actually. They tend to look nicer in person than they do in pictures. I always thought the SW3 looked a little dopey, but in real life it just sort of blends in. When wearing the Moto 360 (and to a lesser extent the G Watch R), you're sure to see eyes lingering on your watch, and the more bold among your fellow humans will ask questions about the crazy screen strapped to your wrist.
By comparison, the SmartWatch 3 goes unnoticed. It looks like any number of fitness trackers and similar accessories that have come out in recent years, so everyone assumes that's what it is. That said, my review unit has the black silicone band, which makes it a little less noticeable still. Sony's watch doesn't use standard watch bands, and I don't mean like they don't fit well, or you need special tools to swap bands. The watch body itself snaps into the silicone bands, which you buy from Sony. There will be a number of colors available, but Sony's store only has a few listed right now. The company also says the "core" of the watch could be plugged into other things, though it has not offered any examples.
Left to right: G Watch R, Moto 360, SmartWatch 3
The upshot of the band design is that it actually makes the watch look like a single cohesive piece of tech. Many other smartwatches look bolted onto their bands, but not this one. That's a little odd considering it completely detaches from the band, but it's in there pretty solidly. The SmartWatch 3 has a button on the right, but it's not terribly pleasant to use. The button is embedded in the silicone surround, and actually depresses a smaller button on the side of the watch body. It's stiff and has almost no travel or feedback. I'm often not sure if I've pressed it.
The band is quite comfortable most of the time, to the point that I forget I'm wearing it. However, silicone tends to get rather sticky and gross if you're sweating at all. It also attracts a lot of dust and bits of flotsam. The clasp Sony went with is great, though. It's a folding mechanism that you slide up and down the band to adjust, then swing it closed. It snaps in securely and is nicely low-profile. My only concern is that you might be able to catch the release on something and pop the clasp open. The band is a single piece, though, so it won't fall off right away.
Note the dust picked up by the band
On the protection front, the SmartWatch 3 is IP68 rated. That's a little different than most of the other Android Wear devices, which are IP67. The SW3 is dust-proof and water-resistant up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes. It's basically just safe at half a meter deeper than IP67 watches.
On the back of the watch you might expect to find a heart rate sensor. After all, it's a sporty little watch. Strangely, Sony didn't equip the Smartwatch 3 with one. It's not a huge deal to me personally, but it's a really odd decision. To make up for that somewhat, there's an ambient light sensor on the face of the watch. Okay, so no heart rate sensor, but the back does have something interesting. Toward one end is a rubber port cover which hides a standard microUSB. This is the first Android Wear device to have a standard charging port. The Moto 360 uses Qi, which is almost as good, but it's a little picky about certain pads. With a microUSB port you can juice up the SmartWatch 3 almost anywhere. Just pull back the cover and jam the plug in. It isn't the most elegant charging method—there's no dock or cradle, so it just sort of lies there on its side. Still, I consider this a win.
Sony decided to incorporate a few hardware features in the SW3 that won't be fully utilized until the next version of Android Wear rolls out. There's GPS, which technically works right now, but is not well-supported by apps. It also has an NFC chip that currently can only launch the Android Wear app on your phone. Then there's the WiFi module that does nothing right now. It's a watch equipped for the future.
The Screen
One of the things that sets the SmartWatch 3 apart is the transflective LCD display. When the watch is awake, it looks like any other 1.6-inch LCD. In sleep mode, it becomes a transflective monochrome display. That means you can use the SmartWatch 3 outdoors and it actually gets more visible in direct sunlight (the image at the top is in bright direct sunlight). It doesn't use any backlight in this mode, so the ambient setting is very power efficient. The only thing it does is update the time, though some watch faces aren't quite prepared for the monochrome UI and tend to look a little busted. The catch is that you can't see the watch face in ambient mode in a dark environment (remember, no backlight). You'll have to wake it up so see what's going on.
Ambient mode indoors, medium light
You only get the full effect of the SW3's 320x320 resolution in standard LCD mode. It behaves and looks like the screens on other Android Wear devices, but there's a distinctly warm, almost yellow hue to the image. It's really only noticeable on white backgrounds, but you will notice it. The colors are overall more muted than standard LCDs, but I suppose that's the price you pay for being able to read it outside.
I am of the opinion that round watches are cooler and generally look nicer, but there's something to be said for a square screen. Content is just framed better and the UI is easier to use. On a round watch you always have to drag lists toward the center so you can read a whole line, but not so on a square watch. The Smartwatch 3 might not have the best looking screen, but it's not bad and the transflective technology is a great feature.
Battery Life
This is one of the big questions with wearable devices, isn't it? You already have a phone to charge every night, why deal with juicing up a watch too? The Moto 360, while a stunning piece of hardware, had battery life that was just okay. And it was really only acceptable without ambient mode. If you ignore everything else, the SmartWatch 3 crushes the 360 and most other Android Wear devices right now.
Before we get into specifics, let's remember that battery life is a highly personal thing. The way I use a smartwatch could vary greatly from the way you use it. Case in point, my average day of use is probably heavier than most people. I get a ton of emails each day, along with chat notifications, weather updates, frequent app installs, and all sort of other stuff that wakes the watch from slumber. Even with this barrage of content and ambient mode enabled, the SmartWatch 3 can eke out a bit more than two days of life. If you don't get as many messages as I do, I think well over 48 hours is totally doable.
It helps that the SW3 has a 420mAh battery, which is the largest in a Wear device. Even the G Watch R, which has very good battery life thanks to the smaller AMOLED screen, isn't quite as good as the SmartWatch 3. There's a caveat, as there always seems to be—Android Wear is still prone to flights of fancy that can cause weird sync issues the drain the battery. That's not really Sony's fault, but it's something to know.
Software And Performance
The SmartWatch 3 runs Android Wear, meaning it's mostly identical to other Wear-powered watches. The one place OEMs are allowed to make their mark is with the watch faces, an opportunity which Sony squandered. There are only three Sony faces on the SmartWatch 3 in addition to the standard ones that come with Wear. There's a simple analog face, a large font digital face, and a weird pseudo-analog face with a digital readout and small lines that travel around the analog tick marks like tiny hands. The first two are okay, if a little boring, but that last one... Sony, why?
Okay, so the stock faces kind of stink, but Sony did build some delightful animations into them when the screen wakes up. In fact, all the animations in Android Wear are nice and snappy on the SW3. It runs atop a Broadcom Cortex-A7 chip, similar to most Wear devices, the notable exception being the Moto 360 which rocks an ancient TI OMAP chip. The point being, the SmartWatch 3 has all the horsepower needed to slice through Android Wear like butter and not drain the battery too quickly. There's no lag or hesitation when navigating the interface, and the watch reliably wakes up quickly with the twist gesture.
If you're still not sold on the whole Android Wear thing, take a glance at our past Wear reviews (Moto 360, G Watch R) where there's a lot more detail on the platform. Android Wear is about taking the strain off your phone, not creating new tasks to be done only on your wrist. Reading a quick email, responding to Hangouts messages, and getting quick, useful data is what Wear is best at. Yes, there are games and more complex apps, and the SmartWatch 3 can run them just fine. I'd actually say a square watch is better if you want to do something complicated on your wrist, as I'm sure some people do.
Is This The Watch You've Been Waiting For?
It seems like there are always a few tradeoffs with these first-generation Android Wear devices. For the SmartWatch 3, you're going to have to deal with the lack of a heart rate sensor—odd for a watch that is otherwise very fitness oriented. The design is also not what I'd call pretty. That's not to say it's bad either—it just sort of is. I suppose if you don't want people gawking at your wrist, that might be a plus. It's pretty comfortable and has a nice clasp too.
The screen is both the greatest strength and the greatest weakness of the Sony SmartWatch 3. The resolution is good and its outdoor performance is amazing. The transflective mode is also great for battery life. As I'm writing this, the SW3 is on pace for about two days of life on a single charge. That same feature that's great for outdoor use and battery life makes using the SmartWatch 3 in the dark a chore. There's no backlight in ambient mode, so you have to wake the watch up to see anything.
This is also the first Android Wear device to have built-in GPS, but I'm not yet aware of any apps that take advantage of it. The same is true of the WiFi and NFC modules. They don't really do anything right now, but this device is a little more future-proof than others. Is all this worth $250? Compared to other Android Wear devices, that's actually a fair price. It's less premium than the G Watch R ($300) and probably a little better than the ZenWatch ($200 – aesthetics not withstanding). It's maybe a draw with the Moto 360 (also $250), which is much more attractive, but has more mediocre performance and battery life.
The Sony SmartWatch 3 is overall a good Wear device with some very neat, distinctive features. It's worth checking out if you're in the market for a smartwatch, but just keep the tradeoffs in mind.
[Google Play – Thanks, Expansys USA]
Donald Trump formally introduced Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as their pick for vice president on Saturday, but did so in a long-winded speech that seemed to focus more on their usual critiques of Democrat Hillary Clinton and the country's security than it did on the qualifications of their running mate.
Trump came on stage by saying they were there to “introduce the man who will be my partner in this campaign and the White House to fix our rigged system.”
They went on to address the attack in Nice, Paris and the attempted coup in Turkey. Then, they launched into their familiar critique of President Obama as well as Clinton's foreign policy. They talked about manufacturing. They talked about jobs. They said they would get to Pence's accomplishments in “just a minute” and talked for another 20 minutes before Pence took the microphone.
Trump said, speaking from Manhattan, that Pence was their “first choice” before going on to repeat their line that they were the, “law and order candidate.”
“We are the law and order candidates,” Trump declared, adding that they were the “law and order party.”
Trump again talked at length on what they feel is the state of the country, before seemingly reminding themselves of the nature of the event and muttered, “back to Mike Pence.”
Trump said the primary reason they chose Pence, interjecting “other than they look very good,” and talking about their family, was because of the governor's record in Indiana.
“He's a solid, solid person,” Trump said.
Trump said they won the state of Indiana in a “landslide.” Their last words on stage about Pence were recalling the governor's prior endorsement of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX). Trump suggested that Pence endorsed Cruz because they were under pressure from established Republicans.
“Even though they were under pressure, it was the single greatest non-endorsement I've ever had in my life,” Trump said. “I will tell you.”
As the two shook hands on stage, the microphone picked up Pence telling Trump, “You're amazing.”
Pence took the microphone and presented Trump as someone who “gets the American people.” Pence said they got a call from Trump's team last Wednesday.
“Donald Trump is a good man and they will make a great President of the United States of America,” Pence said.
Pence said they are, in part, motivated to accept Trump's offer to be their running mate because “Hillary Clinton must never become President of the United States.”
Pence went on to call Clinton “someone who literally personifies the failed establishment in Washington D.C.”
This post has been updated.
BANGALORE: Anju Bobby George has given India their first world athletics title although nine years after the event was held in Monte Carlo, Monaco.The long jumper, who won the silver at the World Athletics Final in 2005, was elevated to the top spot by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) on Monday, after gold medal winner Russia's Tatyana Kotova was disqualified for doping.The revised IAAF results list shows a DQ (disqualified) against Kotova's name who had recorded a leap of 6.83m in the Monte Carlo meet, where the top eight athletes of the world in each event competed. Anju's 6.75m, which was good enough for the second place then, is now on top of the charts.It is not clear whether Anju will also get the winner's prize cheque.Similarly, Anju also moved up one place to fourth in the new long jump results of the 2005 Helsinki World Championships where Kotova lost their silver medal after their sample turned positive in re-tests conducted by IAAF last year."It's a happy moment as the truth has come out after nine long years. In fact, I believe that I deserved a medal in the 2004 Athens Olympics as two of the medal winners, Irina Simagina and Kotova, were later caught for doping," Anju, a bronze winner at the 2003 Worlds in Paris, told TOI.She also pointed out that British athlete Jade Johnson had revealed long back that "there were only a few clean athletes in the 2004 Athens Olympics final."However, no re-test is possible for Athens now as the WADA code stipulates that dope violations have to be detected within the eight-year statute of limitations."This should be one of the longest waits in the history of Indian athletics for a gold medal. It clearly proves the challenge we faced to compete against these tainted athletes and win medals," Anju's husband Bobby George said.Anju last competed at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. They attempted a comeback in 2012 to qualify for the London Games but was forced to abort their return following lung infection. The 36-year-old, who works as a senior officer in Customs, is now leading a semi-retired life taking care of their two sons.2005 World Athletics Final: New results: 1. Anju Bobby George (Ind, 6.75m), 2. Grace Upshaw (USA, 6.67m), 3. Eunice Barber (Fra, 6.51).
Congress is currently considering bipartisan legislation providing an amnesty for America's 11 million illegal immigrants, probably combined with extra visas for skilled workers and an agricultural guestworker program. But principled liberals and conservatives should both demand that any immigration reform proposal also include a sharp rise in the federal minimum wage.
The reason is simple. Any increase in the supply or job mobility of willing workers will tend to benefit Capital at the expense of Labor, stifling any growth in working-class wages, especially given our high unemployment rates. The last 40 years have seen a huge increase in immigration, and it is hardly coincidental that median American wages have been stagnant or declining throughout most of this same period. A large boost in the minimum wage, perhaps to $12 an hour or more, would be the best means of reversing our current economic race to the bottom.
Advertisement:
American businesses can certainly afford to provide better pay given that corporate profits have reached an all-time high while wages have fallen to their lowest share of national GDP in history. Furthermore, the overwhelming majority of our lowest paying jobs are in the non-tradeable service sector, rendering them immune from foreign competition. A major factor keeping wages low has been the large annual influx of new immigrant labor, which steadily reduces the bargaining power of existing workers, especially including all previous immigrants. Only the power of the federal government can halt this downward spiral into national impoverishment for most Americans by setting a reasonable floor on wages.
Under the amnesty proposals being discussed, millions of workers at the bottom of the economic ladder would be able to regularize their status and become secure enough to seek better and higher-paying employment. But if nothing is done to improve the wages of their current jobs, these would remain unattractive to legal U.S. residents and act as a magnetic lure for new waves of impoverished border-crossers, eager to gain an initial foothold in the American economy. This exact process occurred following President Ronald Reagan's amnesty of 3 million illegal immigrants in 1986, and new arrivals might hope to benefit from some future amnesty.
Politicians may promise better border security and tighter employer safeguards, but these same promises were made and broken in 1986. Given powerful economic incentives for both business owner and illegal worker, laws are often circumvented or ignored.
The best means of discouraging employers from hiring illegal workers is to make their jobs sufficiently attractive to draw legal applicants, and this can only be done by raising pay to reasonable levels. So long as federal law requires all competing businesses to raise wages in unison, much of this cost could be covered by a small one-time rise in prices. Since the working-poor would see their annual incomes rise by 30 or 40 percent, they could easily afford to pay an extra dime for a McDonald's hamburger, while such higher prices would be completely negligible to America's more affluent elements.
Critics of a rise in the minimum wage argue that jobs would be destroyed, and in some cases they are probably correct. But many of those threatened jobs are exactly the ones that should have no place in an affluent, developed society like the United States, which should not attempt to compete with Mexico or India in low-wage industries. The only reason that American sweatshops survive is that they rely upon an undocumented labor force, and eliminating such jobs is a feature not a bug.
Our federal and local governments currently spend vast sums of money subsidizing the social benefits and living standards of our working-poor, including mailing them checks via the refundable Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). These expenditures constitute an enormous corporate welfare program in which businesses obtain the full value of their low-paid workforce while shifting much of the cost onto the general taxpayer, a classic example of economic special interests privatizing their profits and socializing their costs. Private sector employers should cover the expenses of their own workers rather than force middle-class taxpayers to pay the tab.
Advertisement:
The political elites of both the Democratic and Republican parties have united behind immigration reform. Ordinary Americans, Democrat and Republican, immigrant and native-born, should demand that a large rise in the federal minimum wage be included as part of any package deal.
KBS 2TV‘s new drama “Blood,” which airs on Mondays and Tuesdays, started off with the lowest ratings of its time slot.
According to the viewership ratings research company Nielsen Korea, “Blood,” which aired its first episode on February 16, recorded a 5.2 percent viewership rating.
This is 3.8 percent down from the last episode of “Healer” on February 10, which previously had the time slot that “Blood” now holds on KBS 2TV.
Because of the new drama's poor performance, the other competitors in the time slot did better. Episode 18 of SBS‘s “Punch” held on to the first place spot with 14.0 percent viewership ratings, up 2.1 percent compared with last week's 11.9 percent.
Episode 9 of MBC's “Shine or Go Crazy” went up to 11.2 percent from last week's 11.0 percent.
The presence of openly serving gays in the military will be so offensive that many Americans will not be willing to serve their country, says one conservative leader who has campaigned against gay rights.
The Family Research Council's Tony Perkins predicted Thursday that President Barack Obama will be forced to reinstate the draft if Democrats are successful in repealing the military's controversial “don't ask, don't tell” policy which forces gay, lesbian and trans-gender members to hide their personal lives or face expulsion from the service.
“Barack Obama is opposed to the draft as a matter of principle, to be sure,” wrote Perkins in an op-ed for The Daily Caller. “But the president's drive to repeal the ban on open homosexuality in the military could have this unintended consequence: It could bring back the draft.”
Perkins warns service members that if the policy is repealed, “your military family will be confronted again and again with forced acceptance of a lifestyle you regard as immoral.”
“Base ‘diversity' efforts will promote the homosexual lifestyle. Parents of younger children will be hard-pressed to shield their kids from these. Department of Defense Dependent Schools (DoDDS) will be turned into advocacy centers for acceptance of the homosexual lifestyle. We may even see a military ‘czar' appointed for this purpose,” said Perkins.
“All of these undesirable outcomes will cause a sharp reduction in recruitment. We have a top general and admiral who now say, outrageously: If you don't like it, ‘get out!' They are asking for an exodus,” they continued.
The military is not a red state/blue state institution. It unifies our country. It draws its dedicated members from all regions. Still, it is no secret that the military is a socially conservative institution. It recruits heavily from rural areas in the South, the Midwest, and the Inter-Mountain states. In our larger cities, black and Hispanic recruits are encouraged to consider the military — which has historically been a great ladder of achievement for racial and ethnic minorities. These are the very areas and groups who have been most resistant to the demands of the homosexual lobby. These are the very regions and groups who have rallied to our side whenever we put a defense of marriage initiative on the ballot If these regions and groups do not enlist in our all-volunteer force, President Obama will be driven to the place they do not want to go: the military draft.
Like Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), Perkins rejects a leaked Pentagon study that says most US troops don't care whether gays are allowed to serve openly.
“[T]his study was directed at how to implement the repeal, not whether the repeal should take place or not,” McCain told NBC's David Gregory Sunday.
“The deeply flawed ‘survey' of current members of our all-volunteer military should not lull policymakers into a false sense of security. Or, in this instance, a false sense of national security,” Perkins warned.
“The survey presumes that homosexuality is like skin color. Well, it's not. You can easily have a neighbor in military housing of a different race. That presents no problem for your military family. But if the neighbors are a same-sex couple, then your family is affected in a very serious way. You must explain to your children that their beliefs and deeply-held values about marriage, about questions of religious faith, must be suppressed.”
As Right Wing Watch points outs, Family Research Council's own interview with a military recruiter indicates that troops will continue to serve if gays are allowed to serve openly.
“I'm sure this thought has come to you and you may have even been asked about it. If someone considers getting into the military were to ask you if this policy changes, what are you going to say to them?” Perkins asked Sergeant First Class Benjamin Ratcliff.
“I would tell them to serve anyway,” Ratcliff replied. “If all men of courage and men that had a moral compass were to leave the military, then we wouldn't have a military. There would be nobody left to serve and protect. So I don't really — I would serve regardless of what comes out of Washington.”
This video is from Family Research Council, uploaded to YouTube Aug. 9, 2010.
CLOSE Many sectors that show job gains in new Census Bureau data shrank or lagged across much of Central New York. JOHN R. ROBY
New census data show many counties lag in the top employment sectors
Job candidates (Photo: BartekSzewczyk, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
The Watchdog File is a weekly column investigating the data, officials and institutions that shape life in New York state. Follow @watchdog_file on Twitter, and send tips to jroby@gannett.com.
♦
Want to work in upstate New York? If your dream job is in health care, retail, lodging, technology or manufacturing, you've got a decent chance — at least in some places.
New data show jobs in some of the sectors with the most workers upstate grew by double-digit percentages so far this decade. But those same sectors shrank or lagged across much of central New York.
The U.S. Census Bureau's new County Business Patterns data show that between 2011 and 2015, counties outside New York City added nearly 12 percent to their work forces in the accommodation and food service sectors, and nearly 11 percent in the professional, scientific and technical services sectors.
Those sectors, along with health care, retail and manufacturing, made up the five broad industries that employed the most upstate New Yorkers in 2015. That's the last year for which data are available, released by the Census Bureau in April.
Together, the private businesses that fall into those sectors employed more than 2.4 million in 2015, or 30 percent of the state's private-sector work force. All five sectors showed total gains in employees.
For Broome, Tioga, Chemung and Tompkins counties, the situation is different.
Broome County's largest sector, health care and social assistance, lost 1 percent of employment between 2011 and 2015. That brought the total number employed in the sector down to 15,114. Retail grew by just over 1 percent, behind the upstate average of over 3 percent. Manufacturing tumbled 13 percent, with 7,382 on payrolls in 2015.
Yet the county added about 1,200 jobs in the administrative and support sector — which includes businesses ranging from travel agencies and telemarketers to collection agencies and temp companies — for a 30 percent gain.
Tioga showed a nearly 6 percent gain in retail, its largest sector, bringing total employment to 1,311. The other top four sectors — manufacturing, health care, accommodation and food service, and wholesale trade, all declined, by as much as a quarter of total employment.
In Chemung, the top four sectors in total employment — health care, manufacturing, retail and accommodation and food service — all declined from 2011 to 2015. Employment in those sectors fell from 21,455 to 20,741. The wholesale trade sector grew its work force from 1,309 in 2011 to 1,376 in 2015.
The health care sector in Tompkins County added 9 percent employment, totaling 5,709 in 2015, making it the largest in the county. Retail, manufacturing, and the professional, scientific and technical services sector all declined.
The Census Bureau's county business patterns data collect information on total employees, payroll and total establishments down to the ZIP code level. It counts private businesses with more than one employee, and excludes the self-employed, employees of private households, railroad employees, agriculture production workers and most government employees.
The data let you compare economic activity from statewide to small areas. Businesses can use them for market analysis, and government agencies can use them for planning.
The numbers show parts of New York are among the national leaders in adding jobs and payroll. Those areas tend to be downstate.
When New York City is included in the 2015 data, the state ranked third in the nation — behind California and Texas — in total establishments (540,298), total employees (8 million) and annual payroll ($513 billion). New York County, or Manhattan, had the highest total payroll of all U.S. counties, at $239.3 billion. It ranked third among counties in total establishments (105,444) and employees (2.2 million).
According to the Census Bureau data, though, many upstate counties lost total employees on a payroll — at least those with the private-sector industries that are tallied by the County Business Patterns measure. Broome County's total employment fell a bit less than half of 1 percent, to 71,263. In Chemung, the decline was over 5 percent, to 31,597. Tompkins was a bright spot, with total employment growing nearly 9 percent, to 49,525.
BY THE NUMBERS
Total employment in the five largest sectors statewide outside New York City, 2011 and 2015, and percentage change.
Health care and social assistance — 756,984 — 790,605 — +4.4%
Retail trade — 580,474 — 599,451 — +3.3%
Accommodation and food service — 360,504 — 402,694 — +11.7%
Manufacturing — 352,030 — 354,868 — +0.8%
Professional, scientific, technical — 238,143 — 264,174 — +10.9%
Total employment in the five largest sectors for Broome County, 2011 and 2015, and percentage change.
Health care and social assistance — 15,267 — 15,114 — -1.0%
Retail trade — 11,369 — 11,502 — +1.2%
Accommodation and food service — 8,019 — 8,325 — +3.8%
Manufacturing — 8,501 — 7,382 — -13.2%
Administrative and support — 3,765 — 4,926 — +30.1%
Total employment in the five largest sectors for Tioga County, 2011 and 2015, and percentage change.
Retail trade — 1,239 — 1,311 — +5.8%
Manufacturing — 1,237 — 1,119 — -9.5%
Health care and social assistance — 1,476 — 1,114 — -24.5%
Accommodation and food service — 941 — 895 — -4.9%
Wholesale trade — 610 — 533 — -12.6%
Total employment in the five largest sectors for Tompkins County, 2011 and 2015, and percentage change.
Health care and social assistance — 5,223 — 5,709 — +9.3%
Retail trade — 5,058 — 4,922 — -2.7%
Accommodation and food service — 4,405 — 4,556 — +3.4%
Manufacturing — 2,736 — 2,600 — -4.9%
Professional, scientific, technical — 2,562 — 2,239 — -12.6%
Total employment in the five largest sectors for Chemung County, 2011 and 2015, and percentage change.
Health care and social assistance — 6,814 — 6,613 — -2.9%
Manufacturing — 5,893 — 5,576 — -5.4%
Retail trade — 5,289 — 5,288 — -0.1%
Accommodation and food service — 3,459 — 3,264 — -5.6%
Wholesale trade — 1,309 — 1,376 — +5.1%
Source: U.S. Census Bureau County Business Patterns.
Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2qe7H82
For the better part of a decade the major issue with classification in this country was the lack of an R18+ classification for video games. Now the Classification Board faces an arguably greater challenge: managing the dramatically increased volume of video games being sold in Australia. How does a small team like the Classification Board keeps up? Yesterday the Australian Government took steps towards solving that problem.
Yesterday Michael Keenan, the Minister for Justice, announced that Australia would officially begin trialing a new system that helps ease the astronomical burden currently being placed upon the Classification Board.
The International Age Ratings Coalition (IARC) is a globally unified age ratings classification system and Australia is now part of that coalition, meaning digital and mobile games can now be classifified using this system, as opposed to going through the traditional process with the Classification Board. Developers obtain ratings by answering a short questionnaire about the content of their video game. The system then outputs an age rating based on the country and that country's specific social norms. 36 countries are now part of the IARC and Australia is the latest to join.
A trial period will begin next month, and will initially be overseen by the Classification Board.
"After close collaboration between the IARC and my Department over many months to ensure the tool meets Australia's requirements, I have approved the IARC classification tool for an initial 12-month trial period to begin next month," said Michael Keenan.
"As part of the trial, the Classification Board will audit a large number of classifications made by the IARC tool to ensure they reflect the Australian community's expectations and standards."
"The Board also has the power to revoke classifications made by the IARC tool if it decides it had given the game a different classification."
The government took steps towards this ultimate goal in 2014, when it amended the classification act in 2014 to allow questionnaires to be used in the classification process. The ultimate goal with this legislation was to allow digital and mobile games to be classified using the IARC tool.
It's a move long supported by the local games industry. Ron Curry, the CEO of the Interactive Games and Entertainment Association, made this their next port of call almost immediately after R18+ classification passed. He's been petitioning for a move to the IARC for years, a move that is consistent with recommendations from the Australian Law Reform Commission back in 2012. They were pleased with yesterday's decision.
"The IARC tool, which is a global industry lead classification solution, will help developers keep pace with classifications and ensure that games are classified appropriately for Australian gamers, with Australian classification symbols." they said.
The trial period will last for a total of 12 months.
On Wednesday night's edition of “The Rachel Maddow Show,” host Rachel Maddow discussed this week's revelations that former Republican presidential candidate Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) bribed a delegate in the 2012 Iowa caucus to secure an endorsement. Maddow went on to say that the process in Iowa appears to be irrevocably tainted and that it's time for the U.S. to let go of some aspects of its outdated presidential primary system.
“Running for president means starting in Iowa, right?” Maddow said. “Iowa's first. Their caucuses have been first in the nation for 40 years now. So starting to run for president means starting in Iowa, which means first competing in the Ames, Iowa straw poll which is a scam. It is a total scam.”
The Ames straw poll, Maddow said, is a “fake, rigged, pay-for-votes, not-a-real-contest pretending to be a contest.” It costs $30 to cast a vote and some candidates freely spend money to buy ballots for people who they believe will support them.
“And, ta-dah!” they said. “It's actual vote-buying in America in the 21st century. Democracy, faked!”
There are a lot of other places in the country that could use the attention, said Maddow, as well as the influx of cash that comes with hosting a deluge of candidates, their entourages and the attendant scrum of journalists.
“But, because Iowa is first, Iowa gets it all,” they said.
Then come the caucuses, which are run by the parties, not the candidates. In 2012, the chairperson of the Iowa Republican Party announced on the night of the caucus vote that former Gov. Mitt Romney (R-MA) had won. That turned out not to be true. Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-PA) won the Iowa caucuses in 2012, which was only reported after the fact.
Because of the importance given to the Iowa caucuses, the state's politicians become fought-over prizes as each candidate rushes to secure endorsements.
“That must feel like a million bucks,” said Maddow, “or maybe like 208,000 bucks, which is allegedly what Republican state Sen. Kent Sorenson charged the Ron Paul campaign to switch their endorsement from Bachmann to Paul.”
The politician denies it, but there is fairly persuasive evidence on the table, Maddow said, including audio tape of the deal being made by a representative of the Paul campaign and Sorenson's wife.
Election officials have opened a probe of the Sorenson deal and the Federal Elections Commission is investigating whether Santorum donated a million dollars to an Iowa anti-LGBT group to secure their endorsement.
“Iowa gets a lot of benefit out of going first when we pick a president,” Maddow concluded. “The next election is still a long way off, thank god, but maybe it's time for them to start explaining why they deserve to keep going first.”
Watch the video, embedded via MSNBC, below:
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
GO Transit is rolling out Quiet Zones across all its train lines starting July 15, following a warm reception to a pilot on the Barrie GO line this year. Quiet Zones will be in effect on the upper levels of coaches on all seven GO lines during weekday rush hours, said Mary Proc, vice-president, customer service for GO.
Upper levels of all GO trains running during rush hours will be designated as "Quiet Zones" - meaning no noise from electronic equipment or prolonged conversations - following a highly successful test of the idea on the Barrie line over the past four months. ( DAVID COOPER / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
Rush hours are defined at 6 a.m. to 9:30 a.m., and 3 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. A survey of Barrie passengers, who have been enjoying a little extra shut-eye or work time since Feb. 11, showed that 83 per cent felt the Quiet Zones in the cars contributed to a more comfortable commute. Proc said the success didn't surprise them A previous survey of GO riders showed 86 per cent were receptive to the idea. Quiet cars on U.S. and European trains are very popular, they said.
Article Continued Below
The added Quiet Zones will be tested in a four-month pilot. After that, GO will survey its customers to see if they liked the experience. But Proc said that, “based on our initial pilot, I feel confident this will be an ongoing feature. To most GO riders their trip is me-time, and we want to make that me-time as comfortable as possible.” The Barrie pilot ran smoothly, they said. But it showed GO needs to be clear in its language: quiet doesn't mean silent. Short, hushed conversations are fine. Riders on the upper level are asked to mute their electronics, including cellphones, headphones, tablets and laptops. But if there's a call, take it and keep it short or move to the mezzanine or lower level. Public announcements and noise from the lower and mezzanine levels of the train will still be audible. The Quiet Zone designation can also be suspended in the event of a delay or emergency. Customer service ambassadors also have the discretion to suspend the Quiet Zone on GO's weekend excursion trains to Niagara and Barrie, or even lakeshore trains that often attract crowds of excited sports fans. Making room for families and fun is one of the reasons GO has confined the Quiet Zones to weekday rush hours, said Proc.
While GO riders are asked to politely remind others who aren't aware of the Quiet Zone rules, passengers are not to activate the customer service alarms on the trains. Trains delayed because crews are investigating a noise complaint in the Quiet Zone won't qualify for the 15-minute GO guarantee. Four decals on each coach will let riders know that they are in the Quiet Zone in their coach.
Read more about:
It was a hometown crowd — at least 5,5000 loyal Democrats filled Temple University's Liacouras Center to watch President Obama campaign for Tom Wolf, the party's nominee for Governor of Pennsylvania. So naturally, Philly's Democratic Mayor, Michael Nutter, was on hand. And how did Philly's Democrats welcome Philly's Democrat mayor?
With boos.
Nutter took the stage after Kathleen McGinty, the former state Department of Environmental Protection chief and a onetime candidate for governor herself. Before Philly's mayor could even say a word, the boos rained down. (Eventually, the crowd let up as Nutter started a “Vote! Vote! Vote!” chant.)
But then President Obama took the stage, and started stumping in earnest for Wolf. And as the President started rattling off the roll call of Pennsylvania Democrats in the building — U.S. Sen. Bob Casey, Wolf and Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter — the boos rang out again, lustily against the rafters.
It's tough to say what the only negative moments of the night were about. Several people lingering by the Liacouras Center wouldn't admit to participating. The crowd did sport a large union presence there, with a big contingent from the Philadelphia Federation of Teachers, which had dozens of members in PFT garb throughout the event. This group took offense to the Mayor's use of social media to find out which Philly school was running out of toilet paper.
The chaos in Philly's schools seemed to be the prevailing theme as social media buzzed about the boo-birds:
Nutter seems to be doing the opposite of warming up the crowd for Tom Wolf and Obama — Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) November 3, 2014
Obama mentions Nutter and we boo, AGAIN!!! — S. R. Flemming (@kellygrade6) November 3, 2014
Hilarious to hear #Obama give Michael Nutter a shout out then hear the crowd booing. — Jimmy G. (@JGwinn1048) November 3, 2014
Philly booing Michael Nutter when Barack Obama name checks them makes me proud to be a Philadelphian. — Bobby Digital (@a_butler) November 3, 2014
@hollyotterbein it seems local political partisanship increasingly does not conform to state and federal Dem vs. GOP party lines — Christopher Wink (@christopherwink) November 3, 2014
@christopherwink Yeah. My guess is it's mostly over union issues and this is a more-left-than-yr-avg-Dem crowd. Which isn't to their favor. — Holly Otterbein (@hollyotterbein) November 3, 2014
Mother, 25, shot dead in front of three-year-old daughter in Christmas Day gangland execution
Kashmier James, 25, was gunned down in front of their three-year-old daughter as they got out of their car
A mother was shot dead in front of their three-year-old daughter as they pulled up outside a friend's house in Los Angeles on Christmas Day.
The victim, identified as 25-year-old Kashmier James was shot nine times in the back of the head in what was believed to be a gang-related execution.
They had stopped their car at the junction of 85th Street and Western Avenue in South Los Angeles at around 10.30pm and had just got out of the car when they were gunned down.
Two men drove up behind them in a blue Chevrolet Tahoe, fired a volley of bullets and then drove off.
They collapsed to the ground next to the car, and was pronounced dead at the scene.
The woman's terrified daughter was unharmed and was later picked up by their father from a police station.
Detectives were trying to discover the motive for the murder.
The area where it took place is one of the most dangerous in Los Angeles.
Since 2007, at least 137 murders have been reported within two miles of the latest shooting.
Murder: Miss James' three-year-old daughter was in the car at the time of the attack, believed to have been a gangland execution
$200 solar self-sufficiency — without your landlord noticing.
Building a solar micro-grid in my bedroom with parts from Amazon
Niko Dunk Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 20, 2017
The problem
Apartment renters need the landlord's permission to install anything on their rooftops. This makes installing solar difficult for people who rent. Because most of the world lives in urbanized areas where renting is common, I think this is a problem standing in the way of solar adoption.
The problem
An additional speed bump is the complexity of installing solar: regulation around net-metering. Grid-tied systems. Installation permits (even if you do own your property). Getting quotes from different installers. Solar financing. All complex processes inherited from the construction industry which slow down mass private adoption of renewables.
In the following I attempt to bypass both these problems by building a standalone solar power plant on my windowsill with off-the-shelf Amazon parts, and discuss the pros and cons of this approach to solar.
Again, the actors in the Arrowverse love to tease and as of late Stephen Amell has been on a roll. He's previously teased the Arrow Season 5 premiere being awesome, and offered hints as to what fans can expect. A potentially amazing fight sequence and a “salt and pepper” haired Oliver Queen aren't all audiences should look forward to this fall. During a Facebook Live chat, Amell's response to a question regarding The Flash's Flashpoint storyline put fans in a frenzy.
“That's sick, that's really cool,” Amell said when the title of The Flash Season 3's premiere was mentioned. Later, another fan probed further, specifically questioning whether or not said story arc could affect Arrow's fifth season. Enter another simple, yet brow-raising response: “Don't know, certainly could.”
How do four remarkably simple words encourage such hoopla? Well, the first answer would have to be in addressing that many believe the show is in need of a change of course. For various reasons, Arrow has suffered in many regards the last couple of years. Thus, there's hope, perhaps a yearning, for the Flashpoint storyline to rearrange, if not reset, the show in some respects.
It may be that if Barry's decision does impact the show, it will be on a limited scale. Certain details have definitely confirmed a few particular narrative beats in Arrow's Season 4 are here to stay. Let's remember what all Harrison Wells frequently tell Barry Allen: Certain events happen, because the universe wants them to. Laurel's death may be one such event. If so, there is still a way to make Flashpoint-reset changes without entirely erasing the past. How that will work, should the show indeed take that route, will be up for debate until its return this fall on October 5.
Source via Tech Times
Image: The CW
Posted By Brianna Reeves is an editor at GeekFeed. They have written for Geeks of Color, and has worked as an editor for numerous publications. Brianna Reeves is an editor at GeekFeed. They have written for Geeks of Color, and has worked as an editor for numerous publications.
You might also like
Last updated October 14, 2018
Errata to Be Corrected in the Next Printing
Under "Gears" on p. 6 of the rules, add Monkey Wrench, to the list of Gear items.
Pea Coat and Pith Helmet: Add "about your ensemble" to the end of the text on the cards.
Dolly: The Dolly card requires a couple of clarifications.
Dolly can only carry Big items. It is too clumsy to carry anything small. If Dolly is carrying a Big item, ignore its Hands requirement (or anything similar); Dolly's got it covered.
To reflect the clarifications, the text on the Dolly card should read: "It carries and allows you to use one extra Big item, even if you could not use it otherwise. It also counts as Big, but it carries itself."
In a knife-edge decision at a special sitting of the Synod in London, bishops and clergy voted through the change by large majorities.
But the measure failed to secure the required two thirds support among representatives of the laity by just 6 votes.
Although 324 members of the Synod voted in favour of the change, 124 voted against and 11 abstained.
The result was met with dismay in the Synod chamber at Church House in Westminster.
Twitter also reacted with anger with many Christians saying they were 'ashamed' to be part of the Church of England.
It comes despite huge support for the measure in the Church of England and could open the way to years of acrimony and recriminations.
A total of 42 of the church's 44 dioceses have given backing to women bishops in a lengthy consultation exercise as part of a tortuous 12-year legal process.
Did the General Synod make the right decision to reject women bishops?
The narrow no-vote has effectively killed off the prospect of women bishops in the Church of England for another five years, because of Synod rules.
Campaigners for women bishops had already accepted major compromises in an effort to keep traditionalist Anglo-Catholics and conservative evangelicals, who believe women's ministry is against the teaching of the Bible, within the church.
There was to be a special arrangement for traditionalist parishes allowing them to opt out of the authority of a female bishop and request a male alternative chosen to "respect" their theological convictions.
Around 900 of the Church's 13,000 parishes were thought likely to take up the offer.
But opponents said the arrangement did not offer them enough legal safeguards.
Many campaigners for women bishops had also voiced reservations that the deal was a "compromise too far", effectively enshrining in law a two-tier episcopate.
There will now almost certainly be calls in Parliament for the Church of England's special exemption from equality legislation – effectively allowing it to discriminate against women by barring them from becoming bishops – to be taken away.
That would open the way for women to bring a legal challenge to their exclusion.
If successful, it could lead to women to becoming bishops without any of the carefully arranged safeguards for traditionalists agreed by Synod.
But the failure could also have a devastating effect on morale in parishes, particularly among women clergy.
Speaking before the vote, Hilary Cotton, a long-standing campaigner from the Watch (Women and The Church) group said: “If it goes down I just don't know what will happen in the medium term - it will be terrible for the Church.
“There will be a huge loss of morale affecting the clergy who are the ones who have to keep the institution going, not just among women clergy but also among male clergy.
“I don't know of any plan B.”
The House of Bishops voted 44 in favour, with three against and two recorded abstentions. In the House of Clergy, 148 voted in favour, 45 against and there were no abstentions.
But in the House of Laity, 74 voted against, compared to 132 in favour with no abstentions.
Last week the University of Michigan held “diversity” forums sponsored by the Residential College (RC), but some were irked that the events were separated by race — one was for people of color, the other “open to all.”
Because it was geared “to create an open dialogue geared specifically to all people of color involved in the program,” a reporter from The Michigan Daily was asked to leave the forum for non-white students.
The reporter was permitted to attend the other event.
Senior Admissions and Recruitment Coordinator Logan Corey defended the racial separation, saying it was “to ensure that students and faculty of color felt safe raising concerns and sitting in solidarity with other people of color, given the current climate on campus.”
Director of Residential College Jonathan Wells added that the separate events were appropriate because it gave “people of color a space to talk without feeling ‘watched.'”
From the Michigan Daily piece:
LSA and RC junior Darian Razdar, who attended both town halls and was one of many students to participate in the forum, said they recognized the potential for white students to feel discluded from the forum for people of color only, but added both forums were productive, emphasizing that this opportunity for students of color is rare in a mostly-white culture like at the University. “I think for white students who feel somehow (upset) by us having a first town hall for students and staff of color, I'd say look at yourself, think about your place and your people's histories,” Razdar said. “You can seek out white spaces, and those can be productive, as long as you think about how you can leverage your privilege that you've been raised with.” MORE: College cancels classes for racism forum after prof's Facebook post on Hamas During the townhalls, Razdar noted how they felt they had a different college experience due to their parents being immigrants and their background. “A lot of these students don't understand that there are core differences between us,” Razdar said. Though much voiced anger at the RC for its lack of diversity and inclusion during student speak-outs, Razdar said they disagreed and called the event indicative of RC efforts to improve inclusion. Instead, they said it was more of a call to action for the University's overarching DEI plan.
Razdar also defended the ouster of the Michigan Daily reporter saying “they [sic] did not identify as a person of color. If the Daily had sent one they [sic] would have been welcome to join.”
One of the complaints at the people of color-only forum was that the school's goal of “creating a comfortable community within the larger University” is contradicted by things like an “overemphasis on learning colonized languages” — Spanish, French, and German. They want “culturally relevant” languages … like Swahili.
Read the full piece.
MORE: Greek events at Stanford prompt cultural sensitivity forum
MORE: After ‘hate' graffiti, Ohio U. students want diversity training, anti-‘hate' speech measures
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: YouTube
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
The world is rife with mundane crap that doesn't qualify as even remotely lethal, and that's barely hilarious at all. Fortunately, with some moderate tweaking, even the simplest of items can be turned into something horrifying.
7 Super Soaker Flamethrowers
When Super Soakers arrived on the scene, they put ordinary squirt guns to shame with their extended range and awesome power. Sure you had to pump till your arm cramped into a freakish, bent claw, but that just prepared us for many lonely, cold nights in front of a glowing monitor.
It was only a matter of time before some disillusioned youth with pyromaniac tendencies and a fascination with WWII-era weapons of horror noticed that water wasn't the only thing you load into it. And where more wholesome youth would have stopped at firing delicious nacho cheese from their squirt gun, others were determined to turn a water-soaked afternoon of fun into a fiery nightmare of unsupervised hooligans and signed eyebrows.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Super Soakers have ranges up to 45 feet, meaning when you set one ablaze you can torch your neighbor's house from the convenience of your own kitchen or barbecue their hot dogs for them without having to stop watching Maury.
The Internet offers up a wide range of videos on just how to make one, with some budding young arsonists and future burn victims choosing to rig up an ignition system while others simply get a friend to hold a lighter under the flammable stream (because there's probably no way that could end badly).
Though if flaming guns are too modern and crass for your tastes, you can always burn yourself the way our forefathers did by wielding this guy's flaming sword.
Although it was only The Australian that openly declared its intention to “destroy the Greens”, it's pretty clear that the rest of News Ltd is no more committed to fair and honest coverage of the party. Take this morning's effort by David Penberthy, former editor of the Daily Telegraph and presently editor-in-chief of news.com.au and […]
Although it was only The Australian that openly declared its intention to “destroy the Greens”, it's pretty clear that the rest of News Ltd is no more committed to fair and honest coverage of the party.
Take this morning's effort by David Penberthy, former editor of the Daily Telegraph and presently editor-in-chief of news.com.au and thepunch.com.au, smearing the Greens not only with misrepresentations, but an outright untruth:
There's one other person who was directly assisted by the Greens at last Saturday's poll and it's Pauline Hanson. To the enduring disgust of the Labor Party, the Greens chose to direct preferences to the One Nation founder ahead of the ALP, and they may now creep into the Upper House courtesy of their support.
Um, no they didn't. That is not true. Labor is whinging that the Greens declined to issue preferences in the upper house – as if it's their responsibility to tell their voters who to preference, rather than their voters' own bloody choice – but I haven't seen anyone shameless enough to declare in print that the Greens actually preferenced One Nation.
Probably because it's pretty easy to disprove:
The rest of Penbo's piece is the usual childish misrepresentations and smears – they try to turn the support of one candidate for their council's policy to boycott the state of Israel while it persists with certain policies into “a polite modern rendering of Kristalnacht” (Australian politics has gone Godwin mad!) and declared that the party had “crashed and burned” by, in the midst of a massive state-wide swing to the right, not increasing their vote more than a couple of percents. They try to build up the antipathy of some Labor people into a full-on war between the two parties. Basically, anything they can think of to try to damage them.
Still, I suppose, that's just the usual relentless News Ltd spin – nothing new there.
But the claim about Hanson is an outright falsehood designed to hit Greens voters who still think that a professional media organisation wouldn't try to get away with claiming something that wasn't in any way true. Those voters are in for an illusion-shattering morning, I guess.
Or maybe Penberthy will claim it was just an hilarious April Fool's Day prank and they were always going to correct it by lunchtime. We weren't supposed to take anything they or their organisation says about the Greens seriously! How many hints do they have to give us before we'll realise they're taking the piss?
Yeah, that must be it.
ELSEWHERE: At the end of Penbo's smear, News publishes some charming comments about The Greens, including this one:
It's time for these cave dwellers to be eradicated from our society.
I wonder what they have in mind.
UPDATE: Called on the above, Penberthy doesn't apologise or correct – they try to pretend they said something different:
Um, no, Penbo. You said this:
Putting that back to them got this response:
So, he's doubling down. Now it's about the alleged “effect”. Not preferencing someone is preferencing them and Penbo will put their credibility on the line to stick with that. Okay then.
(Anyone wants to guess what time the article will be silently corrected? It hasn't happened yet.)
UPDATE (11.50am): Almost noon and, despite having known about the untruth for hours now, it's still up. Are they really planning to brazen this out?
UPDATE (2/4): Looks like they're going to stick with the untruth. A day later, and no change. You might want to let the Press Council know what you think about that kind of shamelessness.
Meanwhile, the Weekend Australian goes all out to try to crush the influence of anyone in the Greens who could be called “left”.
UPDATE #3: The Greens demand a correction.
(Visited 283 times, 1 visits today)
With the end of the Geocaching Classic app fast approaching (it's due to be retired on March 23rd), the question of which app is the best option for iOS users is a hot topic right now. I reviewed the Cachly app in April 2016, but since, then there have been lots of improvements made to this already great app. At the same time, the Geocaching® App has been built upon by Groundspeak, with some much-needed features added.
Cachly was launched in December 2015 as a response to developer Nic Hubbard's disappointment with the capabilities of geocaching apps available to iOS users. In May 2016, Groundspeak announced the renaming of the Geocaching Intro App to the Geocaching® App, and their intention to retire the Geocaching Classic app in September 2016. This date was pushed out to bring more much-wanted features in to the Geocaching® App but the definite end date for Geocaching Classic is now just around the corner.
To help you decide which app is for you, I have put together a comparison of features. It's up to you determine which interface appeals more and what functions you absolutely must have, or even just quite like having while you're caching!
1. Cost
A simple comparison here: Cachly costs $4.99/£4.99/€4.99 to buy at the App Store while the Geocaching® App is free. However, both apps have specific limitations for basic users, so for optimal use, a premium membership to geocaching.com is required. I know cost is a factor for some people to consider, so I wanted to mention it but not dwell on it, because I think when you see the pros and cons of both apps, you can make an informed decision based on your needs. If you're going to use Cachly every week, five dollars/pounds/Euros is not really a big deal.
Conclusion: On the premise that free is better than not free, the Geocaching® App edges it here.
2. Offline Maps
It felt like a long time coming but the Geocaching® App finally has offline mapping capabilities. This was the major issue that users talked about repeatedly, and actually prevented most people from switching from the Geocaching Classic app. Of course, Cachly had this function almost from day dot and the app also gives you the option to download ‘lite', more basic data, as well as choosing not to download all cache images, saving on time if you're in a hurry and also on space, which is very useful if your phone storage is chockablock. Cachly also gives you the option to download vector maps to get an entire state or country map saved on your device.
Conclusion: With more options when saving to offline, Cachly is ahead
3. Route to Cache
Both apps have the ability to start navigating to the cache using various mapping apps like Apple Maps, Google Maps and Waze, though Cachly is compatible with many more mapping apps. This very nifty feature is intuitive to use in both. I absolutely love this function and use it all the time!
Conclusion: For more navigation app choices, Cachly is slightly ahead
4. Translate
Cachly has a translation function which links to Google Translate from within the cache description, hint and logs. This means less time spent before a trip copying and pasting cache descriptions, hints and logs. It really is an invaluable feature if you're planning to cache somewhere outside your native language zone. The Geocaching® App does not currently offer translations.
Conclusion: Cachly is definitely ahead when it comes to language issues
5. Sorting
Both apps have the ability to sort by specific criteria, however Cachly can sort by thirteen different parameters, while the Geocaching® App only has three. With both apps you can sort by distance, favourite points and geocache name. Cachly gives the additional options to sort by cache type, container size, placed date, last found date, difficulty rating, found date, GC code, whether it's a premium member cache or not, terrain rating and trackable count.
Conclusion: Cachly has a lot more to offer in terms of sorting search results
6. Souvenirs
With Cachly, you can view all your souvenirs earned; the Geocaching® App does not currently have this functionality.
Conclusion: With the Geocaching® App yet to introduce souvenirs, Cachly has this in the bag
7. Message Centre
This was one feature of the new Geocaching® App that users were overwhelmingly positive about. It's similar to a messenger app like Facebook messenger and a lot easier to navigate around on your phone, compared to the alternative of using a browser. Cachly does not currently have a message centre feature on the app (it's not a feature that Groundspeak have extended to third parties to use).
Conclusion: Geocaching® App is the definite champion here
8. Advanced Search and Filters
The Geocaching® App will allow you to search by location, GC code, trackable code or GeoTour and also gives you the capability to filter by my finds, my geocaches, cache types, container size, as well as every possible difficulty and terrain combination.
Cachly has all of the above search options, excluding a search by GeoTour. However, it has the function to filter out inactive, archived, premium and ignored caches. It also allows you to filter to caches where you have corrected the coordinates.
Conclusion: Cachly is far ahead in terms of search and filter options
9. Log Images
If you are logging using your phone and want to upload images, the Geocaching® App restricts you to one image per log, so you'll have to go the website to upload additional images. Cachly allows you to upload multiple images with your log.
Conclusion: The ability to upload multiple log images gives Cachly the advantage
10. DNF icon
Something arguably quite trivial but very well-liked is the blue frowning face on the Cachly app, denoting a DNF. It is very handy to see at a glance which caches you have tried and failed to find on a previous occasion, particularly if you're geocaching in an area you are not regularly in. The map on the Geocaching® App doesn't currently differentiate between caches you've previously DNFed, and caches you have not yet looked for.
Conclusion: Cachly has turned my frown upside down with the inclusion of this emoticon
11. Bookmark Lists
Both apps show all your saved bookmark lists and both allow you to easily download an entire list for offline use. You can also add caches to any of your bookmark lists from within both apps.
Conclusion: The two apps make it easy to utilise bookmark lists
12. Map Options
Cachly has quite a number of map options to choose from, so you'll really be spoiled for choice! The app has Apple Maps, Google Maps, OS maps, Open Maps, Thunderforest and ArcGIS. With the Geocaching® App, you can get Apple Maps and trail maps, which are the maps available offline.
Conclusion: If you like lots of map options, Cachly edges ahead here
13. Basic Membership Restrictions
Since Cachly is an official live API Partner of Groundspeak, there are limitations to what basic members can access via the app. Viewing of full geocache details is limited to just three caches per day. Searches are limited to traditional and event caches only, however, basic members can view other cache types provided they have the GC code, although there is still a limit to three a day.
The Geocaching® App also restricts basic members in relation to cache types, as well as DT ratings, and there is no enhanced filtering or searching which the Cachly app still allows for basic members.
Conclusion: Both apps restrict basic members, so premium membership is a huge advantage to get the most out of both
14. Pending Logs
The Geocaching® App will only save a log as pending if it can't connect to the internet; otherwise, it will send immediately and without an option to log your trackables as ‘visited' or to change the date you found the cache. The app allows you to log a find, DNF or to write a note.
Cachly, on the other hand, gives you the option to change the find date and to save the log locally to send later on. You can also drop/visit trackables when sending your logs, as well as encrypt your log, should you wish. With Cachly, you can log needs maintenance or needs archived; something the Geocaching® App doesn't currently offer. Both apps give you the option to add a favourite point as you're logging.
Conclusion: Cachly gives the user more options and edges ahead
15. Log Templates and Keywords
Cachly gives you the option to save a log template which will automatically appear when you go to log a cache. This is a nice way of appending a ‘signature' of sorts to each log that you write. Additionally, you can insert keywords like the cache name or the time you're logging at automatically while you're logging. The Geocaching® App does not currently have this functionality.
Conclusion: This unique feature gives Cachly an advantage
16. Pocket Queries
Pocket Queries (PQs) can be accessed via both apps: Cachly shows them under a separate menu in the ‘more' section, while the Geocaching® App combines PQs with bookmark lists under the ‘lists' tab.
Conclusion: PQs may be accessed in different ways on each app, but both functionality is intuitive and useful
17. Import/Export GPX files
Cachly has the capability to import GPX files from iTunes, Dropbox or email. This is a great feature if you're at an event with as yet unpublished caches and you're not using a GPSr. The GPX file can be emailed to you and you can import it to Cachly! The Geocaching® App does not currently support this.
Conclusion: Cachly has the advantage on this
18. Attributes
Cachly lists all attributes for each cache, while the Geocaching® App doesn't have this functionality at present.
Conclusion: Cachly edges ahead here too
The Verdict
When Cachly and the Geocaching App are considered side-by-side, it's easy to see how far ahead Cachly is in terms of what you can do with the app. There are features to both apps that I really like: having the Message Centre in mobile format is a big plus for the Geocaching® App, but Cachly‘s more extensive functions are very attractive. For now, I use both apps for various things and this seems to work for me.
What app do you use? What features are the most important to you? Let me know in the comments!
Happy Caching!
Sarah
© 2017 | Sarah Murphy | All Rights Reserved
*I have not received compensation from any app developer for this review. All views are my own and impartial.
As a dynamic metropolis that dwarfs all other cities on the peninsular for size and political clout, Seoul has grown into a mecca for overseas government organisations and foreign companies expanding into the Korea market. However, despite the intensity of trade and global cooperation gravitating to one of Asia's biggest cities, Seoul remains a difficult city for foreigners pursuing non-teaching jobs.
The number of non-teaching jobs in Seoul open to expats are limited and the competition can be intense; especially from ethnic Koreans who grew up in the U.S or Canada. But there are a number of Australian organisations operating in Seoul and Asia Options sat down with Scott Walker from Tourism Australia to discuss job opportunities in Seoul.
Scott Walker is the Country Manager of Tourism Australia and remains the youngest ever Board Member of the Australian Chamber of Commerce in Seoul. Scott is also highly regarded within the Australian-Korean community for their Korean language proficiency and professionalism. With eight years of work experience in Seoul, including work with Blackmores, Austrade and Australia Education International, Scott offered the following tips for seizing employment opportunities.
1) Establish rapport with your Korean language professors
Korean language professors tend to hear about opportunities before you do and the more senior professors in particular, usually have experience in government or the private sector and tend to retain strong relationships with a wide range of organisations. Also when it comes to foreign hires, many organisations seek out Korean language professors in identifying foreign talent. You don't necessarily have to be the best student in the class either, as professors generally recognise students who work hard and demonstrate commitment to their studies. It's therefore important to go to class and be diligent as professors may be reluctant to recommend students who have failed to demonstrate a strong work ethic and reliability. This will also make the job of finding the right match for both the student and the potential employer simpler for the professor.
2) Attend job expo's
Every year there are many companies in Seoul attending job expo's and they are looking to hire. At the same time, the sheer number of students attending the expo's can be intimidating and overwhelming. There can be big lines for some companies and it's very easy to feel out of place, but Scott reflects that at least five of their classmates attended the same expo as them and two months later they were each offered jobs. It, therefore, pays to be brave and to find a way to make yourself stand out at job expo's, remembering that the companies are trying to find you as much as you are trying to find them.
3) Attend networking events
AustCham, Korea Australia Alumni(KAA) and the Australian New Zealand Association (ANZA) are excellent platforms for seeking professional contacts in the Australia-Korea business community. Attending one of their events will not immediately lead to a job offer but with patience and the nurturing of relationships it can certainly lead to future employment opportunities. Scott themselves received a number of professional introductions and employment opportunities through regularly attending AustCham events and volunteering their time to assist at events before becoming a Board Member.
4) Improve your Korean language skills
Although in some jobs you won't be called on to speak much Korean, your Korean language skills will definitely improve your employment opportunities and put you ahead of your competitors. Improving your Korean language credentials is important but academic achievement in this area may not necessarily translate to immediate job success, as language courses often lack opportunities for conversational improvement. It will be your ability to demonstrate and even impress employers with your conversational fluency that may be the key to improving your employment chances. Conversational fluency is also, sometimes, best nurtured outside the classroom.
5) Check online job websites
There are also a number of online job portals for professionals seeking job opportunities in Seoul.
Read more about job opportunities in Korea
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Thousands of Palestinians are employed at settlements in the West Bank
Israel has criticised the UN Human Rights Council for voting to establish a database of firms doing business in settlements in the occupied West Bank.
The Israeli ambassador to the UN called the database a "blacklist" and said the body was acting obsessively against it.
But the Palestinian envoy said the move was a "message of hope" for their people.
Settlements built on territories occupied by Israel in 1967 are considered illegal under international law, but Israel disputes this position.
About 500,000 Jews live alongside 2.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
'Anti-Israel circus'
Thirty-two of the 47 members of the Geneva-based Human Rights Council voted on Thursday to adopt the motion calling for the establishment of the database.
None voted against the motion, while 15, mostly European nations, abstained.
The BBC's Yolande Knell in Jerusalem says the database will provide a resource for any organisation wanting to divest from companies involved in Israel's occupation of Palestinian lands.
It will potentially include a number of Israeli and international firms working in industries from banking to construction and security services, our correspondent adds.
The Palestinians have been campaigning for tougher sanctions against settlements.
The Palestinian envoy to the UN said that the passage of this resolution and others by the Human Rights Council were a "message of hope" to their people.
"Israel continues to systematically violate the inalienable rights of the Palestinians while enjoying impunity from the international community," Ibrahim Khreisheh added.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the body "an anti-Israel circus which attacks the only democracy in the Middle East and ignores the blatant violations of Iran, Syria and North Korea".
They added that it was absurd to condemn Israel rather than deal with attacks by Palestinians on Israelis and by so-called Islamic State in Europe.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-14', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 14', target_type: 'mix' });
Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Image 2 of 15 Bacon-wrapped meatloaf Bacon-wrapped meatloaf Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 3 of 15 Boneless chickens Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 4 of 15 Bunless BLT Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 5 of 15 Image 6 of 15 Bunless kale burger with bacon Bunless kale burger with bacon Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 7 of 15 Chicken and veggies Chicken and veggies Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 8 of 15 Jim Foreman, Dan Patterson and Jack Foreman Jim Foreman, Dan Patterson and Jack Foreman Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 9 of 15 With Joel St. John of St. John's Fire Truck, who has provided some much-needed advice. With Joel St. John of St. John's Fire Truck, who has provided some much-needed advice. Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 10 of 15 Image 11 of 15 Testing out area food trucks Testing out area food trucks Image 12 of 15 Paleo pancakes Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 13 of 15 Food from Partners in Paleo, a restaurant in League City. Food from Partners in Paleo, a restaurant in League City. Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 14 of 15 Scrambled eggs and veggies Scrambled eggs and veggies Photo: Courtesy Caveman Chow Image 15 of 15 Friendswood trio wants to bring caveman diet to the streets 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
The scores of customers who line up every day at Houston food trucks love to rave about their favorite mobile eatery's delicious creativity, but rarely do we hear someone say, “This food truck helped me lose 15 pounds!”
Three guys from Friendswood hope Kickstarter can help them change that by funding their new concept Caveman Chow, which is a food truck that follows the popular Paleo diet. Dan Patterson and their friends, brothers Jim and Jack Foreman, want to bring prehistoric eating practices to the masses. The Paleo diet avoids foods like grains, beans, milk and anything else that was presumably unavailable to cavemen in the Paleolithic era.
Patterson, who is studying kinesiology at the University of Houston, said the menu is a team effort and would include items such as burgers with kale and spinach mixed in, served on lettuce instead of bread. They said they want to show people that food can taste good and still be healthy.
“I don't want to put processed food in anything I'm making,” they said.
Jim Foreman, who owns a web developer business and calls themselves a “food truck groupie,” said they and Patterson became interested in the diet through the Crossfit community. After Patterson and Foreman started losing weight, they and Jack Foreman, a neuroscientist, talked about opening up a restaurant based on the lifestyle, but decided “it would be pretty far out there for this rag-tag team,” Foreman said.
They did some research on food trucks, and with the help of others in the mobile food world, decided that this was a more attainable goal. But, they need help in the form of $30,000 from other modern cavemen and women.
The food truck would partner with a League City restaurant, Partners in Paleo, to purchase larger (and cheaper) orders of food, and Caveman Chow plans to start its meal preparation at the restaurant before hitting the road. All Houston food trucks must also visit one of Houston's 18 commissaries every 24 hours, Foreman said. The closest one to Friendswood is in the Pasadena/South Houston area.
Since food trucks that operate with propane are not allowed in certain parts of the city, such as the Texas Medical Center, the Paleo truck will be all electric, Foreman said.
If the Kickstarter campaign fails to raise the start-up cash by May 31, Foreman said the trio will continue to search for other ways to get Caveman Chow off the ground. “We are so emotionally invested in it,” they said.
You can learn more about Caveman Chow and its Kickstarter campaign here.
Click through the slideshow for a look at what Foreman, Foreman and Patterson have to offer.
Athlete Selection for Weightlifting
Personal interest and agreement by the parents
Approval by a sports doctor
Anatomical suitability
Body structure preconditions
Attainment of minimum standards on standardized tests
One of the topics touched upon by national coach Zygmunt Smalcerz was the selection of candidates for the national weightlifting program in Poland. To many readers this may sound like a novel concept since we don't practice it in this country, and there is a considerable bias against selection for elite programs in general. In an effort to counter ageism, sexism, racism and any number of other “-isms”, there is a fair percentage of the general public that believes that anyone should be allowed to enter any program and that the deciding factor should be the individual's desire. Well desire is a factor and the athletes that stand on the medal podium at the Olympics have a lot of it and talent too!We need to stop dividing populations into the two groupings of talented individuals with little or no desire and undertalented individuals with overwhelming desire. At the Olympic level everyone has talent and everyone has desire. The degree of talent and the guidance of that talent are probably the more overriding factors. 11 world records and 33 Olympic records were broken in London. This indicates that the many participating nations are still seeking out talent and that developmental methodologies are continuing to improve. Of course, if you are an intellectual sloth you will attribute it to drugs.Anyway back to the presentation by Zygmunt. They presented this to us at the coaches meeting, and it was good to find out how other countries are doing this. Certainly it provides us with food for thought as to how to proceed.Zygmunt told us that they annually tested 1500 students at ages 11–14 and ended up selecting 10 of them for participation in the weightlifting program. Their general points of reference were:He tested them in physical education classes at the beginning, the middle and the end of the school year. The tests were as follows:Vertical jump performed with a measuring tape attached to a waist belt. The best of 3 jumps in cm was taken and divided by 2 to yield a score.Standing long jump. The best jump in cm is divided by 10 to yield a score.Bench Press. The score is the number of repetitions performed with 50% of bodyweight.Overhead Squat Position and Front Squat Position. Each can earn a score of 10 points for a total possible of 20 points for the score.Age/Weight/Height. A scale for each parameter yields 20 points maximum possible for each. Age 11 gives 20, while age 20 yields 2. For weight, the range is from 40 to 85 kg, and the highest points are awarded to students at the ends of the range. The same is true of height which has a range of 140 to 185 cm. The highest points are awarded to the shorter and taller students.Biomechanical suitabilities. The arm span cannot be more than twice the height of the trunk. The tibia cannot be more than 4 cm longer than the femur. The legs should not be more than 50% of the athlete's total height. The palm length should be at least 16 to 16.5 cm. The thumb length should be at least 7.5 cm.Physical, psychological and medical tests are administered at the three junctures to get a clearer picture of the individual development pattern.The results of all these evaluation procedures are compiled into a report to aid in making the decision for inclusion of the student in the national weightlifting program.This is a fairly comprehensive procedure for identifying the most talented, appropriate individuals for the national weightlifting program. When these athletes are properly supported and coached by professional coaches, they can expect to be competitive at the Olympic level.By the way this is not the first time I've heard of such an evaluation process being used. All of the top weightlifting nations have some form of talent identification.Take this type of identification process, and support it with top level facilities, professional coaches, sports medicine and psychology personnel, and sufficient cultural and financial incentives, and the chances of producing an Olympic medalist go way up. The USA needs to explore these possibilities.
Thank you for participating in our survey. Let's answer a few of your questions.
Who is Synexus?
Synexus is a company dedicated to conducting clinical studies and have been investigating the effectiveness of new medicines and treatments for more than 20 years. We provide a friendly, relaxed environment where you have the chance to help shape the future of health for yourself and for others.
Why is Synexus conducting this survey?
Synexus is trying to understand what is meaningful to our audience when it comes to recruitment materials and clinical research as a whole. The best way to do this is simple, ask our audience!
What are you doing with the results?
All survey results will be kept confidential. Synexus will intend to use this information to help guide the creation of future study materials.
How long will the survey take?
This survey should take between 15 and 20 minutes
What do I win?
Many will enter, but only one will win an Apple iPad
How do I enter the raffle?
Completion of the survey acts as your raffle entry. At the end of this survey you will be prompted to fill out your email address. We will only email you if you have won the raffle.
*Study participation is not required to complete this survey and enter the raffle. This survey will close December 15th, 2017 at 12 AM.
Feel free to share this survey with your friends, on your social media page, etc.
OK
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson (R) signed a revised version of the state's Religious Freedom Reformation Act on Thursday, one day after refusing to sign an earlier version of the bill over concerns about discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals.
Earlier Thursday, the Republican-controlled state legislature passed a new version of the bill at the governor's request, amending provisions that would have allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT customers. The amended legislation mirrors the federal RFRA.
Meanwhile, legislators in Indiana have made changes to the controversial RFRA signed into law by Gov. Mike Pence (R) last week. On Thursday, the state's general assembly passed new language explicitly stating that the law does not allow discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity. The changes came amid immense national backlash, with dozens of politicians, business leaders and celebrities speaking out against the bill.
In a Wednesday press conference announcing their opposition to the initial version of the bill, Hutchinson said their son had asked them to veto the legislation.
"My son Seth signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill," they said. "And they gave me permission to make that reference, and it shows that families -- and there's a generational difference of opinion on these issues."
Hutchinson also faced pressure from Walmart, which is headquartered in the state. CEO Doug McMillon called on the governor to veto the bill, which they said "threatens to undermine the spirit of inclusion."
Earlier today, we discussed the pricing of Nintendo Switch in Malaysia which has been deemed quite high by most gamers. Additionally, gamers are apparently not able to obtain stand-alone consoles at launch this March and have to purchase it together with two games.
To put things into perspective, we decided to compare these pricing with those from Singapore, Japan, and the United States. The reason we chose our southern neighbours as the first point of comparison is not only because our markets are handled by the same distributor which is Maxsoft, but also the fact that customers in both countries are not able to obtain stand-alone consoles at launch.
So, here is how the pricing looks like when compared to each other:
Based on the table above, it seems that the differences in pricing between Impulse Gaming and Qisahn are not that much. On the other hand, the price gap between Gamers Hideout and Qisahn are rather significant.
Meanwhile, the disadvantages of Malaysian pricing are much bigger when compared to the Nintendo Switch's price tags in Japan and United States:
As Malaysia is not a native market for Nintendo, it was natural to expect the Switch to cost slightly more in our market. Based on the table above, we are looking at differences between RM 254 to RM 863 depending on the two foreign markets and Malaysian retailers. Put another way, the price gap is between 14% and 28% higher between Impulse's pricing with the US and Japan respectively.
However, let's not forget that gamers in Japan and US are able to get their hands on the stand-alone console instead of being locked down to the 2-games bundle set as is the case in Malaysia. Since the Switch has no region lock, getting it from Japan or US seems to be a good option – but after-sales services and warranty could be troublesome.
In the meantime, we are reaching out to Maxsoft as well as its parent company, Active Boeki K.K for their comments on the Switch's pricing and compulsory bundling but we have to be very honest: we are not expecting a reply since Maxsoft has never replied to our previous communications.
We are also actively working to get a hold of Nintendo but as the company doesn't operate directly in Malaysia or even South East Asia, this task is even more difficult. Nevertheless, we do hope we will be able to receive some official statement from these companies very soon.
(References: Gamers Hideout / Impulse Gaming / Qisahn / Nintendo Japan / Nintendo US)
15 6 12 7 18 208
Your ideal camera may be a lot cheaper than you think. Richard Sibley explains how, with a little research and some patience, you can save yourself hundreds of pounds by buying a second-hand DSLR
With many photographers upgrading their cameras as soon as a new model is released, there is now a huge range of second-hand models available for sale. Among these are some brilliant bargains, with many cameras costing hundreds of pounds less than when they were bought new just a few years ago.
Although the latest technology found in current cameras is superb, this doesn't mean that overnight the previous generation of cameras is suddenly rendered useless. There have been many cameras over the past few years that have become favourites with photographers because of a specific feature or the model's image quality, and depending on your needs, hunting down the right used DSLR could get you the camera you need at a fraction of the price. Which DSLR is right for you will depend on your type of photography.
Decide what you need
What we want and what we need are two very different things. I want a 50-million-pixel, full-frame DSLR that can shoot in virtual darkness and produce almost no noise. However, my needs are a little more down to earth.
I usually print my images at A4, or occasionally at A3 size. The vast majority of my images are landscapes or travel shots taken outside in daylight. I try to shoot between ISO 100 and ISO 400, with probably 90% of my images taken in this range. I occasionally bracket to shoot an HDR sequence, so a shooting rate of 3-5fps is all I really need and a superfast AF system with lots of points isn't really necessary.
So before you decide which camera you want, think about the features you will actually need for the type of photography you do.
What to look for
There are a few features we now take for granted that weren't available just a few years ago. For example, many macro and landscape photographers rely on live view for pinpoint accuracy in their photographs, but some cameras more than four years old may not have this feature. Similarly, sensor cleaning was not included in some cameras until quite late in the range. The Nikon D3, for instance, lacked a sensor-shake cleaning system.
Resolution
The biggest consideration for many people when choosing a new digital camera is the resolution of the sensor. While there is a benefit in having the highest resolution possible, remember that depending on the size of the sensor, this could increase image noise. Also, ask yourself whether you will ever use the sensor to its full potential, particularly if you only ever produce small prints and display most of your images online.
As you should print at a resolution of 300 pixels per inch (ppi) for the best-quality images, the easiest way to work out the sensor resolution you will need is to consider the size of the print you will be making, in inches, and then multiply each dimension by 300 (pixels). However, this doesn't take into consideration the distance from which the print will be viewed. Obviously, the further you are from the image, the less fine detail you will be able to see.
If you are making a large poster-sized A2, A1 or A0 print to be hung on a wall, a resolution of 150ppi or even less should be suitable. Use the 300ppi rule for image sizes up to around A4, at which size 8-10 million pixels will produce excellent image quality. To produce an A3 print at 240ppi, an 11.1-million-pixel resolution is required. By being realistic about how you use your camera and print your images, you may find that you only need a camera with a resolution of 10-14 million pixels, and there are a lot of second-hand cameras available within this range.
Infrared Conversion
If you want to add a different feature to your camera kit, why not convert a second-hand body to infrared (Infrared Special, AP 12 May 2012)?
Conversion involves removing the hot-mirror filter that stops infrared light reaching the sensor, and replacing it with a filter that blocks the visible light spectrum and allows only infrared light through. You can try it yourself, but it is better to let a professional.
A typical conversion costs £200-£250, and it is usually easier to convert old cameras than current ones. One of the most popular is the 6-million-pixel Nikon D70. These can be bought for around £100, and they are one of the easiest DSLRs to convert. For around £350 you could have an infrared DSLR. Companies specialising in infrared conversion, include Protech Photographic (visit www.protechrepairs.co.uk/infrared_conversion.html).
Autofocus
How many AF points do you really need? Although Nikon has led the way with the number of points in its cameras, many photographers will still only use the centre point and then recompose.
If you do this, then as few as nine points may be all you require, particularly if you shoot subjects that will usually be in the centre of the frame, such as wildlife images. Similarly, landscape photographers have time to manually focus, so the AF points may rarely be used.
Shutter Actuations
When a new camera is announced, many manufacturers will proudly boast how many shutter actuations the camera has been tested for in a shutter count. In real terms, this number is how many times you can expect to fire the shutter before it breaks. On older cameras this can be around 50,000 times, but in the past five years or so manufacturers have upped this figure to around 100,000 actuations, and many more if it is a professional-level DSLR.
However, remember that cameras fail for many other reasons apart from the shutter dying, and many shutters can continue for long after the manufacturer's estimated life. You can find a list of user-submitted shutter actuations for various popular DSLR cameras at www.olegkikin.com/shutterlife. For example, one user claims that their Nikon D300 had its shutter fired more than 360,000 times before it failed, which is well above the 150,000 that Nikon estimates.
When buying a used DSLR, it is a good idea to check the number of times the shutter has been fired. Some people will list the number when selling the camera, but if they don't you can find out by taking an image with the camera and uploading it to www.shutteractuations.com. The Exif data of the image will be analysed and you will be told what number image it is. Before parting with any money, decide whether the shutter has plenty of life in it for the number of images you plan to take. Generally, there shouldn't be an issue, but if you see a camera that has taken more than 50,000 images, especially in a short space of time, then it may have been heavily used and other parts could fail.
Of course, professional-quality cameras are designed to be used heavily and often have strong Kevlar shutters to help prevent wear and damage, so you can expect these shutters to last for more than 300,000 shots.
Top tips when buying a second-hand DSLR
Stephen Colbert managed to make event television out of late-night on Tuesday. The Late Show host's much-hyped reunion with their former Daily Show co-stars notched a 19-month high in early local ratings.
The CBS late-night show — on which Colbert was joined Tuesday by fellow Daily Show alums Jon Stewart, Samantha Bee, John Oliver, Ed Helms and Rob Corddry — pulled a 3.1 overnight rating among households. That's up 15 percent from last Tuesday — and a strong 41 percent from the same night a year ago. Ahead of total viewer tallies, it is pacing towards the most-watched regular telecast since Colbert's launch month in 2015. It was a pretty rare sight, with three current late-night hosts (Colbert, Bee and Oliver) all sharing the stage.
The gap between The Late Show and NBC's The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon has been fluctuating wildly since Late Show took the lead in February, but this Tuesday win follows Late Show's best weekly win to date. Though the gap had narrowed the last full week of April, Late Show followed that with an advantage of 410,000 viewers.
Tuesday also brought a much less common demo win for Colbert. Among adults 18-49, their showing in local people meter markets was up 40 percent from the previous week and the previous year for a 0.7 rating. That's just above Tonight's 0.6 rating. Even with Colbert's audience growth, Fallon has remained the dominant player in the key demo.
According to reports, the failed Democratic nominee's US-based charity received the cash to help plant trees in Africa at exactly the time they declared Angela Merkel their "favourite" politician. But the revelation of the financing arangment has been met with scorn. In October, around the same time the transaction was made, it was revealed that Mrs Clinton said the German Chancellor was one of their "favourites" when asked about who they admired in global politics.
GETTY Mrs Merkel and Mrs Clinton met a number of times over the years
GETTY Mrs Merkel, Mrs Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden share a toast
One of my favourites is Angela Merkel because I think she's been an extraordinary Hillary Clinton
Mrs Clinton said on board their plane: “One of my favourites is Angela Merkel because I think she's been an extraordinary, strong leader during difficult times in Europe, which has obvious implications for the rest of the world and, most particularly, our country. “And I hope I'll have the opportunity to work with them in the future." The Clinton Foundation has been the subject of much controversy since the publishing of a top selling book “Clinton Cash”, by author Peter Schweizer.
GETTY Mrs Clinton has been a fan of Mrs Merkel's policies for years
According to reports the tome alleges foreign groups and governments gave money to Mrs Clinton's charity in return for access to the State Department while they were Secretary of State. Now eyebrows are being raised after it was revealed German taxpayers handed over millions in the third quarter of the year, during the period Mrs Clinton was running for President – while at the same time being investigated by the FBI. And it has been claimed the foundation's donors list shows the Federal Ministry of the Environment had made the transaction.
GETTY Former President Bill Clinton also met Mrs Merkel
German politician Vera Lengsfeld, of Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Unionist Party, said there are serious questions to answer. Ms Lengsfeld, the daughter of an East German secret police officer, wrote in their blog: "Why does a federal ministry support the election campaign of an American presidential candidate? "Apparently German taxpayers had to finance Hillary Clinton's election campaign without knowing it."
GETTY Mrs Merkel gave Mrs Clinton an award in 2005
The German Federal Ministry for the Environment has denied that the donation was linked to the election. It confirmed the transaction took place and insisted the money was to provide "financing under the International Climate Protection Initiative (ICI)". The ministry also claimed the public funds served to "support forestry and landscape renaturation in East Africa". German taxpayers are also funding Clinton Foundation projects that involve the "restoration of forest ecosystems" in India, Kenya, El Salvador, Mexico, Vietnam, Uganda and Peru – according to reports.
Hillary Clinton in pictures Mon, April 3, 2017 The extraordinary life of Hillary Clinton through pictures Play slideshow 1 of 40
Let the ad wars begin. The progressive-leaning Coalition for Constitutional Values is up with a new ad on Wednesday, "introducing" Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor "to the American public."
The spot, titled "Justice," uses clips of President Obama describing their ideal choice for the bench, spliced with images of Sotomayor and captions of their accomplishments, including:
* Princeton Univ. & Yale Law.
* First Appointed by George H.W. Bush in 1991.
* U.S. Court of Appeals, 11 Years.
* Lost their father at age 9.
* Raised in public housing by a working mom, who taught them the power of education.
* Tough Prosecutor.
* Distinguished Judge.
* Practical Understanding of the Law.
WATCH:
Heavy on biography, the ad is geared towards what, at this point, is the most significant task in the confirmation battle: framing the debate. The ad will be airing on national network news and cable, where primarily inside-the-beltway and media types will see it.
A source for the Coalition for Constitutional Values -- a public interest group that is co-chaired by the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, Alliance for Justice and People for the American Way -- says that the group is putting "six figures" behind the ad.
"This spot introduces the American people to Judge Sonia Sotomayor," said Wade Henderson, co-chair of the Coalition for Constitutional Values and president of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights. "Every aspect of American life is affected by our justice system. It's important that they understand their fair-minded approach to the law which is grounded both in their eminent legal qualifications and their life experiences."
Gulf state reveals formation of coalition in statement citing ‘duty to protect the Islamic nation from the evils of all terrorist groups and organisations'
Saudi Arabia has announced the formation of a 34-state Islamic military coalition to combat terrorism, according to a statement published on the state news agency, SPA.
“The countries here mentioned have decided on the formation of a military alliance led by Saudi Arabia to fight terrorism, with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh to coordinate and support military operations,” said the statement, which was released on Tuesday.
Arab states under pressure to do more in fight against Isis Read more
A long list of Arab countries such as Egypt, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, together with Turkey, Malaysia, Pakistan and African states were named.
The announcement cited “a duty to protect the Islamic nation from the evils of all terrorist groups and organisations, whatever their sect and name, which wreak death and corruption on earth and aim to terrorise the innocent.”
Iran was absent from the states named as participants by Saudi Arabia. Proxy conflicts between the two regional powers are ongoing in both Syria and Yemen.
The US has been increasingly outspoken about its view that Gulf Arab states should do more to aid the military campaign against Islamic State, the militant group based in Iraq and Syria.
In a rare press conference, Saudi Arabia's crown prince and defence minister, Mohammed bin Salman, said that the campaign would “coordinate” efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Egypt and Afghanistan, but offered few concrete indications of how military efforts might proceed.
“There will be international coordination with major powers and international organisations ... in terms of operations in Syria and Iraq. We can't undertake these operations without coordinating with legitimacy in this place and the international community,” they said without elaborating.
Asked if the new alliance would focus just on Islamic State, Bin Salman said it would confront not only that group but “any terrorist organisation that appears in front of us”.
Saudi Arabia and its Gulf Arab neighbours have been locked in nine months of warfare with Iran-allied rebels in neighbouring Yemen, launching hundreds of airstrikes there.
Following a spate of attacks on Western targets in recent months, the US has increasingly said it thinks that firepower would better be used against Isis.
As a ceasefire is set to take hold in Yemen on Tuesday alongside United Nations-backed peace talks, Riyadh's announcement may signal a desire to shift its attention back toward the conflicts north of its borders.
Isis has pledged to overthrow the monarchies of the Gulf and has mounted a series of attacks on Shia mosques and security forces in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This mysterious object spotted by NASA's Mars Curiosity Rover will look eerily familiar to millions of Star Wars fans.
A new photo taken by the probe shows a what will look, to many, like a Star Destroyer from the blockbuster film franchise.
The object was spotted by UFO expert Scott C Waring.
They said: "I found this anomaly in the latest Curiosity Rover photo. The black object looks like a crashed UFO."
Mr Waring said the spacecraft was only about 2.5 to 3 meters across, "so it probably only held a few passengers," RT reports.
(Image: Lucasfilm/Absolute Film)
The object has striking similarities in shape to Star Destroyers from Star Wars, which were space warships used primarily by the Empire.
However, the fictional vessels are many times larger than the craft spotted by Mr Waring.
Although it is highly unlikely that the object spotted is a spacecraft of any kind, until this - and other anomalies pictured by the Curiosity Rover - are properly explained.
For this reason, it is fair to take a guess- some of them on what these objects really are.
"There is only one photo of the ship. The rover usually takes many of each area, but not this one. Perhaps tomorrow it will take more," Waring wrote.
Other objects spotted on Mars which have been published recent weeks have been likened to anything from a ghost to space boobs.
Posted by Darren Urban on May 10, 2012 – 4:31 pm
As promised, Calais Campbell has a new long-term contract.
The news just came down that the franchise tagged defensive end and the Cardinals have agreed on a new five-year contract, locking up Campbell through 2016 and making sure one of the anchors of the defense stayed put. Not that Campbell wasn't going to be around in 2012 anyway, but this puts to rest the teeth-gnashing that Campbell could turn into Karlos Dansby the sequel. Campbell is now in place with a defensive line that saw good rookie progress in nose tackle David Carter, some hope in the play of nose tackle Dan Williams before they were hurt, and veteran Darnell Dockett.
More importantly, Campbell will enter their prime years with the Cardinals. Four years into their career, they played better (as did the whole defense) as the season went along last year. And the deal getting done now means Campbell will be back with their teammates quickly and certainly isn't going to miss any OTAs or minicamp. The timing worked out well.
The other part of this? The last four players the Cardinals kept saying publicly they would soon be extending — Adrian Wilson, Dockett, Larry Fitzgerald and now Campbell — all got their extensions. Something to remember when analyzing what the team says about future players.
Tags: Adrian Wilson Posted in Blog
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption From left to right, Narendra Modi, Rahul Gandhi and Arvind Kejriwal are leading their respective parties' campaign in the 2014 general elections
So who led the Twitter battle in the just-ended marathon Indian elections?
There are an estimated 33 million Twitter accounts in the country. Analysts say these numbers are small when compared with India's 814 million eligible voters, but since every vote counts in these closely-fought elections, all three parties have tried hard to reach out to those on the internet.
Posts from the personal accounts of the BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi and the AAP's energetic leader Arvind Kejriwal have attracted a lot of attention on Twitter, while the Congress has used its official handle to voice party vice-president Rahul Gandhi's views.
An analysis of the official Twitter accounts of Mr Modi, Mr Kejriwal and the Congress party between 23 March and 23 April shows the BJP leader led the race for re-tweets and mentions.
Mr Modi was ahead of Mr Kejriwal and the Congress party, with users re-tweeting their posts 283,323 times and mentioning their Twitter handle as many as 818,781 times in their tweets.
Image copyright Twitter
Their followers maintained a constant level of interest in what they had to say throughout this period - beginning with the launch of their nationwide campaign on 26 March - with massive spikes on big news days.
The BJP leader addressed the first of their 185 planned Bharat Vijay (India Wins) rallies in Delhi and severely criticised Mr Kejriwal on their home turf.
Their "AK-49" comment about Mr Kejriwal - a reference to the former Delhi chief minister's 49-day stint in power - was received with enthusiasm by their online supporters.
Their comments set Twitter abuzz with political discussions, with their account receiving a total of 65,000 replies, re-tweets and mentions on a single day.
Some analysts credit Mr Modi's virtual support to a well-organised social media campaign and not simply to their skills.
"Mr Modi is way ahead of Mr Kejriwal and Mr Gandhi in audience engagement... This is thanks to the BJP's professionally managed campaign and the enormous resources it has put in," says prominent technology writer Prasanto K Roy.
Mr Roy explains that the BJP's social media structure appears to be well planned.
"The innermost circle includes those officially handling its social media outreach. The middle circle includes others who have the BJP handles. The outer circle, over whom the BJP claims to have little control, are a huge, fuzzy base of supporters.
"This means that if you tweet anything positive about Mr Modi, it will get re-tweets instantly. But if your tweet is critical, there will be a flood of trolls attacking you," Mr Roy adds.
Mr Modi has also received the occasional backlash from their supporters who have otherwise successfully drowned out any criticism of him.
On 23 March, many of their supporters turned against the BJP after the induction of Pramod Muthalik, a controversial right-wing politician.
Mr Muthalik, who heads the right-wing Sri Ram Sene, captured headlines in 2009 after they justified their group's violent attack on girls in a bar in the southern city of Mangalore.
The BJP withdrew their membership within a day after seeing a severe backlash on Twitter and in the media.
Comparatively, the AAP's social media campaign does not seem to have had as much impact, but its leader Arvind Kejriwal has drawn a noticeable response.
Mr Kejriwal's tweets were re-tweeted 89,492 times - less than half of the traffic Mr Modi received in the same period.
Image copyright Twitter Image caption In this tweet Arvind Kejriwal asked: "Is it becoming of someone who wants to be PM to use this sort of language?"
However, they received significant attention - a total of 80,000 replies, re-tweets and mentions - when they were slapped by an auto-rickshaw driver in public on 8 April.
The event sparked a wave of sympathy for them but also drew criticism from the BJP's supporters who alleged that the leader "staged" the incident to gain support.
Mr Kejriwal also enjoyed a slight lead in the number of replies with 69,823 responses as against Mr Modi's 68,298 in the same period.
The AAP leader often used Twitter in the war of words with their rivals. On 26 March, they sent a tweet responding to Mr Modi calling them "AK-49".
As a result, they received close to 100,000 responses in the form of re-tweets, replies and mentions on a single day.
Mr Roy agrees that despite the AAP's inability to match up to the BJP's social media performance, they have still gained some ground among Indians active on social media.
"The AAP relies on its large volunteer base, in the absence of the enormous resources of the BJP. The AAP's engagement numbers are a good reflection of its real support," they say.
Mr Gandhi, who is fighting an anti-incumbency wave, has had a rather flaccid social media presence through their party's official Twitter account. Their portrayal as a youth leader in campaigns has left little impact in the online world.
Image copyright Twitter
"The Congress had the head-start in social media with individuals such as former minister Shashi Tharoor with over 2 million followers, all built up personally. But the party frittered it away. Even today, Rahul and Sonia Gandhi do not use Twitter," Mr Roy says.
The Congress party's official account registered a total of 67,203 re-tweets over the period analysed, which is way behind the figures for Mr Modi and Mr Kejriwal.
Replies to the party's tweets were limited to a meagre 14,770 and the overall mention of the Congress party's account stood at 127,772.
Additional reporting by Mukesh Adhikary
The National Training Center at Fort Irwin, California, was host to one of the most bizarre incidents to have taken place this year, involving Army Aviation. According to U.S. Army W.T.F! Moments, and corroborated by a number of eyewitnesses, an AH-64D Longbow Apache was fired at with live ammunition during a training exercise, necessitating a landing in the desert and spurring an investigation into just what happened on the morning of Friday May 13th.
From what the USAWTFM page has gathered thus far, the Apache was deployed to the NTC as part of a unit rotation, and was squaring off against OPFOR (opposing force) guerrillas, armed with rifles capped with blank firing adapters (BFAs) and equipped with the multiple integrated laser engagement system (MILES). The magazines of small arms assigned to OPFOR units are never loaded with live ammunition, but instead, blank rounds to simulate gunfire; the BFAs ensure that the rifle rechambers subequent rounds in the absence of bullets. MILES, in conjunction with blank ammunition, allows for hyper-realistic simulations of combat, with the blank rounds simulating gunfire and MILES scoring hits or kills without anybody actually getting hit or killed.
This particular soldier, however, had apparently locked a magazine loaded with live rounds into their rifle, and proceeded to fire at the approaching Apache during an exercise. When it was found that their BFA was mangled quickly and blown off, the Eagle Team in charge of aviation units during evolutions at the NTC ordered the helo to land and to check for damage. An inspection found that five to seven rounds had impacted the helo, though none significantly damaging or impairing the Apache in any way. We're currently unsure whether or not this soldier had loaded their own ammunition, or was issued pre-loaded magazines, which might not have been fully cleared after their previous use. More on this story as it becomes available.
The Master of Arts in Educational Leadership is a Master's degree for teachers who have a keen interest in improving and broadening their knowledge in the system of education. Master's Degree in Educational Leadership Program Overview:
The Master Of Arts courses include the following subjects
Administrative Principles and School Law
Instructional Leadership
Masters Educational Leadership
School and Community Leadership
Staff Relations If you have made up your mind to become an excellent teacher and you are sure that this career should become a considerable and important part of your future, you are welcome to register yourself for the classes today and begin your marvelous trip into the world of teaching and reaching a successful career in the field, look gwynnie bee. Unquestionable, teachers are some of the most important and influential persons in a child's life particularly when children look up to them for encouragement and guidance. It is a real blessing for a teacher to be a true example for their or their students and to give a smile on kid's eyes especially when you are aware this student doesn't have a good behavior sometimes. read more
Online TEFL courses may be a brilliant opportunity to build a successful career for teachers in countries, where there is a great demand for individuals having advanced skills in English. In current times it is required to possess perfect writing as well as reading English skills, because it represents a general person's erudition. Actually, language mastery plays a crucial role when employers make a decision about potential candidates to be hired on that or another woking position. So it's predictably that a vigorous number of people is obsessed with the idea to improve their language skills in English. The British Council informs that it is counted for about 300 milion of people worldwide, who have taken up learning English. This may be connected with the fact that students are interested in learning English, which plays a role as a second language in their country, or they are obliged to know English, because they are planning to move the house abroad, and this may help them to get accustomed to the new life conditions in an English speaking country more quickly, read thinkdcs.com/level-money-reviews.html. Obviously, as a demand in language skills in English grows up drastically for the last time a question about an English teacher's preparation, whose qualification will be accredited internationally, plays an important role and needs to be thought of on the highest level. Online TEFL courses might be a common solution to the described problem above, because people can study English in spite of the distance on a high level and acquire a relevant knowledge to be an English teacher abroad. read more
The decision to remodel one's bathroom can lead to creating a wonderful remodeling project for this probably the most popular part of everyone's house. Most homeowners agree with the fact that this responsibility proves to be easily accomplishable yet it should be thoroughly thought through. Some people get disappointed at the fact that their bathroom is very small and even think that nothing can be done with its space. But in reality if a small bathroom is in the centre of your remodeling project, be sure that there are many options for you to choose from in order to improve the interior look of this room and even to make it more spacious and larger, some http://2bubbleblog.com/luuup-reviews.html. In reality, increasing an aesthetic value of a bathroom can be done in a rather short period of time and not require too many financial expenses. Another advantage of bathroom remodeling ideas for small bathrooms is that your house's value will be also higher that will bring you more benefit if you decide to sell your house in future. read more
It's a tale that might be told over tiffin on the veranda, or more likely in a parlour in the home counties among dusty photographs and leather-bound reports. It is a story about the British and India; the India the British brought home, the subcontinent they imagined. It is the story of the India Museum.
The India Museum was no Borgesian conceit; it really did exist, physically and institutionally, a phantom collection of a phantom orient, an India buried in London, skulking on Leadenhall Street, forgotten in Whitehall, lost near the Thames, displayed in South Kensington. The museum is mentioned in old guidebooks to London; its reports are in the British Library; and an administrative history by Ray Desmond was published by Them Majesty's Stationery Office in 1982. So it must have existed - but the India Museum has so completely vanished from memory that it seems hard to credit there ever was such a place. Even the museums that inherited its collection make little of their debt. No one, after all, wants to rake up a less than noble chapter in the cultural history of the British Empire.
The story of how the British took over India as a trading venture managed by the East India Company in the 18th century and then, after the Indian uprising of 1857-58, ruled it directly until 1947, is an epic containing many histories. Today's most popular ones rehabilitate the Raj, seeing largeness of heart in tales such as that of how British explorers rediscovered Buddhism. And yet the narratives of India the Victorians told themselves tended not to be confident but anxious; narratives like Arthur Conan Doyle's The Speckled Band, in which Sherlock Holmes investigates a mad doctor returned from Calcutta to Surrey, who has brought back with them a hellish menagerie.
India itself was imagined as a rare object: the "jewel in the crown". But for every cooing visitor to the Koh-i-Noor diamond in the Tower of London, there was an eerie story of a collectible with a curse.
The India Museum became the biggest curse of all. Its principles were impossibly large, as if the project were to contain all of India in one room. A guidebook to the original museum in East India House, from 1851, confessed that it was so squalid it seemed "almost subterranean". In all its increasingly unsatisfactory relocations, the India Museum was crammed, claustrophobic and amateurish, critics complained. "It is practically inaccessible, and hid away out of sight, and when you get to it you find a bonded warehouse and not a museum in straightforward airy order," complained the journal the Orientalist in 1869.
The collection was a real cabinet of curiosities - one of the last of those chaotic, dreamlike hotchpotches that were the predecessors of the modern museum. The collection was conceived at the same time as Sir John Soane's private museum, and had the same unruly quality. It was criticised for being more like a private collection than the public-spirited British Museum, but a private, whimsical collection is what it was.
But where Soane's museum expresses the identity of one man, the East India Museum, which opened along with a library in the opulent new East India House on Leadenhall Street in 1801, reflected the enthusiasms of writers, governors general, employees of the company. If this happened to be the inscription tablet of Nebuchadnezzar II from the ruins of Babylon (today's southern Iraq), collected by the Bombay presidency in 1797, the Museum displayed it. If someone gave three elephant heads, it displayed those.
Something far less rational was going on here than the enlightenment project dreamed of by Warren Hastings, impeached 18th-century governor general of India and one of the museum's founding minds, who praised the company for its "desire to add the acquisition of knowledge... to the power, the riches and the glory which its acts have already so largely contributed to the British Empire and Name".
Hastings was a man of the enlightenment, who insisted - in contrast to later British rulers of India - that their men learn their de facto subjects' languages and revered "the Braminical writings, the most ancient perhaps of any now extant". But the history of British imperialism is a story of shrinking minds. Just as the mixture of rapaciousness and curiosity that characterised 18th-century colonisers gave way to Victorian hypocrisy and racist ignorance, the India Museum degenerated from scholarship to entertainment.
The degeneration was already visible in the scheme proposed by its first curator, Sir Charles Wilkins, in 1799. The three fields of collection they specified in their plan are "A Cabinet of Natural Productions", "Artificial Productions" and "Miscellaneous Articles". Fine arts were not mentioned. The founders made no analogy between their idea of the fine arts and the explosively beautiful visual productions of India. These entered the museum in huge quantities and spectacular quality, but under the heading of "curiosities".
It was the eccentricity of the collection that made the East India Museum a runaway success at the beginning of the 19th century. It was a place to be seduced and horrified. The most famous exhibit was the most macabre. It is still the most popular Indian artefact in London, and the very quintessence of a "curiosity".
In 1814 a young woman from the provinces visited London. They went to the museum at East India House, one of the capital's attractions. There they shuddered to hear a dreadful moan, as of a man dying. They came face to face with a painted wooden tiger in the act of devouring its white-faced, red-coated victim. As the curator worked it, they had to be escorted from the museum "pale and trembling".
This happens in a novel, but crowds were in reality rapt by the "Man-Tyger-Organ", sent back by the governor general in 1800 after the storming of Seringapatam and the bloody British suppression of the Islamic ruler of Mysore, Tipu Sultan, who on the eve of the concluding battle in the fourth Mysore war declared, "Better to die like a soldier than to live a miserable dependent of the infidels on the list of their pensioned rajas and nabobs!"
Tipu died in battle and their capital was ransacked by the drunken victors. "The property of everyone is gone," recorded the Duke of Wellington, who ended the looting by "hanging, flogging, etc".
Tipu identified with the tiger, and had their famous machine made probably with an Indian painted body and a French mechanism. Their tiger was the museum's secret weapon, a black comic delight that fitted perfectly in Regency London where Frankenstein and The Vampyre were favourite reading. Burning bright in the gloom, it was played by visitors who took it in turns to make the victim moan with pain and terror.
Tipu's tiger epitomises the arcane atmosphere of the museum at East India House. This curiosity shop that claimed to depict in its clogged space India, and indeed the orient, was regarded by the mid-19th century as shameful and vulgar.
The Great Exhibition in 1851 transformed the very idea of exhibition. As well as expanding the India Museum, with a vast array of Indian "products" originally shown in the Crystal Palace, there was a reformist attempt to create a "New Museum" of manufactures, systematic natural history, sombre imperial common sense. Models were introduced depicting "the Indian races and their tools". Victorians could inspect simulacra of an Indian law court and a camp of Sepoy soldiers in the British army.
This more scientifically collected India reopened at a moment of crisis, when it looked suddenly as if the jewel of the empire might be ungovernable. The hysterical fantasies written, drawn and painted of "The Indian Mutiny" permanently transformed British attitudes to India.
The effect on the museum was direct and practical. Rule over India passed from the company to the British state, and as the company shrivelled, with East India House demolished in 1863, its collection passed into the hands of the new India Office, to be administered by Dr John Forbes Watson.
And it had no home. In 1861 it reopened temporarily at Fife House near the Embankment, in 1869 in cramped quarters in the India Office, in 1875 in rooms rented from the South Kensington Museum, now the V&A. In 1879 it was dissolved.
The India Museum went from a hugely popular London institution to a dusty failure overnight. The British response to the mutiny, the determination to govern India more effectively, went along with a hardening of attitudes to "natives" and a deepening ignorance. In one of their Plain Tales from the Hills, Rudyard Kipling sums up the imaginative barrenness they saw as a betrayal of true imperialism: "India, as everyone knows, is divided equally between jungle, tigers, cobras, cholera, and sepoys."
The death of the India Museum was not a healthy act of anti-imperial house-cleaning but, on the contrary, the failure of interest of a Britain entering its full arrogance. This is encapsulated by the fate of the most intellectually and aesthetically valuable treasures the museum collected. In 1866 James Fergusson, pioneer of Indian architectural history, went looking for the sculptures from the great stupa at Amaravati, not in India, but in London, where they had been brought in the early 19th century. They remembered seeing them at the old India Museum. But when they visited the new premises, they found just one fragment, exposed to the elements. They discovered the rest of the reliefs in a shed. Fergusson's book about these 2,000-year-old marvels was published in 1868, with the backing of the India Museum, and led to a recognition of one of the earliest and greatest masterpieces of Buddhist art. The great stupa at Amaravati, a vast domed religious centre, whose surviving representations of the life of the Buddha date mainly from the first to third centuries AD, was rediscovered in ruins in the 18th century, but its excavation and eventual correct evaluation by British scholars is marred, as a story of British enlightenment, but what happened in the 1860s.
Much as British intellectuals might increasingly recognise the greatness of India's "venerable civilisation and native artistic genius", as a supporter of expanding the museum put it in 1868, the India Office was desperate to be rid of its collection. The British public no longer found India fascinating. Queen Victoria, who became Empress of India in 1876, never went there. Kipling's tales of the Raj celebrate - and criticise - a small elite; the numbers of British in India were never huge, their interest, such as it was, evidently not shared by the mass of the British. India and Britain did not have a special relationship after all.
The museum's collection was dispersed in 1879, but now forms the basis of the V&A's superb collection of Indian art. The Amaravati sculptures and the inscription of Nebuchadnezzar are among the treasures of the British Museum. Natural history specimens passed on to the Natural History Museum, while other items went to Kew gardens. The India Museum is all around us.
Jon Gorenc-Stankovic made 62 appearances for Borussia Dortmund's second team
Huddersfield have signed Borussia Dortmund defender Jon Gorenc Stankovic on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, understood to be around £500,000.
Slovenia Under-21 international Stankovic joined the German Bundesliga club from Domzale in 2014.
The 20-year-old is reunited with the Championship side's head coach David Wagner, who was Dortmund's second team boss from July 2011 to November 2015.
Stankovic never made a first-team appearance for Dortmund.
"He is an outstanding young talent and it is not normal that we'd get the opportunity to bring them here," Wagner told the club website.
"Jon will come in and work with the first-team group, but they will be given time to develop further."
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Bermuda is an ideal welcome center for most island vacations, as its beaches will make you feel relaxed, away from the bustle of the cities. Its pink serene beaches offer diverse beach activities to make your holiday adventuresome. On top of that, you can entirely get one for yourself if you can get-go with the locals! So, let's take a look at the top 4 beaches you can book, on your upcoming Bermuda excursions.
Turtle Bay Beach
Turtle Bay is an inlet within Bermuda and is nearby to Grazbury's Island, Cooper's Island and Soldier Point. Turtle Bay is also close to Long Bay, Rocky Hole, and Well Bay.
The Turtle Bay opened to the public in 2008. This 44-acre peninsula was once the position of a NASA tracking station. With plenty of superb private beaches facing both South Shore and Castle Harbour and bordered by bird sanctuaries, this is the perfect place you will want to be at least once in your lifetime.
These scenic beaches have calm waters and are great for families and kids. Ample facilities make it a favorite picnic spot; you can also enjoy the Clear-water Beach located on site.
Shelly Bay
Located on the north shore of the Hamilton Parish, this beach is named after Henry Shelly, one of the English colonists on the famous 1609 Sea Venture ships that wrecked off at Bermuda.
With very shallow water, even at high tide, the Shelly Bay is safe and charming for novice swimmers and children. A beach-side cafe with changing and bathroom facilities along with a playground, parking, and picnic facilities, this beach must be on your list of Bermuda excursions, especially if you are visiting with your family and kids.
Daniels Head Beaches and Park
Hidden in a secluded western corner of the Sandy's Parish, Daniels Head is a beautiful prize as a place in Bermuda. It's a peninsular area.
While most beaches are privately owned, now there is one which is public and artistic. When you visit Daniel's Head, you will realize that this is one of the best-kept secrets ever and is known to very few tourists.
Around 400 yards away from the west of Daniel's Island, you can see the partly submerged wreck of the HMS Vixen with only half of its hull jutting out of the water. You can snorkel around this wreck. The water here is full of fishes, and you can even hand feed them!
Horseshoe Bay
Cited for its curved appearance, famous Horseshoe Bay Beach owns Bermuda's trademark clear, striking blue waters and beautiful pink sands. The rosy shade of the beach is the result of a blend of crushed shells, coral and calcium carbonate called red foraminifera.
Kids can experience boogie boarding, enjoy playing beach volleyball, splash around and build sandcastles. For water babies and children, Port Royal Cove features an enclosed part of the beach that keeps the waves out.
It is the most popular beach in Bermuda, and this beach ranks #8th among the top #10 beaches in the world by tripadvisor.com! Now, that can be a solid reason for you to add it for your Bermuda excursions.
Excited to know more about the beaches and traveling experiences to Bermuda? Let us know in the comments and follow us as we will be coming up with more related writing in upcoming posts.
Advertisements
Portraying everyday life at its best has always been the desire of writers and painters; and although literature is a passive and serene art, painting on the other hand has the power to attract people's attention from the first moment. A painting artwork projects a fragment of life that interacts with human mind, filling it up with images and memories as vivid as life itself.
The paintings below were created by Jose Higuera, an Spanish realist painter obsessed with the reality they have perceived since they were very young. Higuera has transcended the elementary stage of existence to reflect reality in short time intervals that will never be repeated, letting the human eye do the rest.
Elena
Ternura (Endearment)
Tarde de Verano (Summer Evening)
Complicidad (Complicity)
Rock Lover
La Voluntad (The Will)
Tres Flores (Three Flowers)
Descanso (Rest)
Scarves
Mi Miguel y “El Hijo” (My Miguel and “The Son”)
Pasiega
La Mujer del Pelo Rojo (The Red Hair Woman)
Siesta al Sol (Sunny Nap)
En la Ola (In the Wave)
El Ojo del Mar (The Eye of the Sea)
Mar del Norte (North Sea)
Atardecer (Late Afternoon)
Bajamar (Low Tide)
Mediterráneo (Mediterranean)
Geranio (Geranium)
Mandarina (Tangerine)
Cómeme (Eat Me)
Uvas (Grapes)
Figuraciones (Fugurations)
Lluvia en Gran Vía (Raining in Gran Vía)
Bilbao
Barcelona
Paseo del Prado
Camino al Capitolio (Path to the Capitol)
Manhattan
About The Artist Jose Higuera, Spanish realist painter, was born in Cologne, Germany, in 1966, from Spanish parents. When they were two years old the family moved to Spain. They created their first oil painting when they were 10 years old and they were only 19 when they opened their first exhibition. Many of their works were put up for auction and shown in the most important art galleries of Madrid. Nowadays their paintings are exhibited in different galleries across Spain and other countries around the world. For more information about Jose, visit their website: www.josehiguera.com Additionally, check out their awesome Facebook page. And you can follow them on Twitter and Google+.
Image Credit: All images in this page are property of Jose Higuera and are being displayed with their consent.
Before You Go…
Please check out our friends at Best Friends Designs. Contribute to a great cause while getting a beautifully designed t-shirt. Every item sold on their website will count towards a monthly donation to help rescue efforts and shelter animals in need.
To help the animals and get a beautifully designed t-shirt, click the image below:
Digital lives of Millennials
Born in 1980, this first generation of digital natives entered high school as the web became a public space. Half of this group, those age 26 and under, entered high school with social media, first MySpace and soon enough Facebook.
For most of this generation, in other words, the digital revolution does not represent disruption. It represents the norm and, to a significant degree, their generation's opportunity.
Perhaps as a consequence, few Millennials are worried much about privacy, and particularly not about the data kept by government or corporations.
A large majority of these digital natives pay for some type of online subscription service, including a significant minority who pay for some type of news. Yet, in the qualitative discussions we had with them, many Millennials expressed a belief that they shouldn't have to pay for news at all. As a key ingredient for democracy, some said, it should be free and accessible as a civic right.
A majority of Millennials feel connected most of the time, but not always enthusiastically
While they have the capacity to be online all the time, many Millennials are not.
All told, 51 percent say they are mostly or almost always online and connected. And in the qualitative interviews, we heard a good deal about the desire to control that connectivity.
A smaller but still significant number, 39 percent, say their lives are a mix of online and offline. Just 10 percent are almost always or always offline. Millennials in the qualitative interviews often acknowledged their high levels of connectivity but expressed concern and even some active efforts to scale back.
Brenna, age 25 from Chicago, noted that, “I think that it's life-consuming, because when I travel abroad I like not having it. And I like turning off my data, leaving my phone, not even being on Twitter because it's kind of refreshing not to have all of this information thrown at you.”
Answer Percent responding Almost always online and connected 23% Mostly online and connected 28% A mix of both 39% Mostly offline 8% Almost always offline 2%
MEDIA INSIGHT PROJECT
Many Millennials pay for subscriptions, but more often it is for entertainment than information and news
Contrary to the stereotype that digital natives believe everything on the web should be free, the great majority of this generation use subscription services of some kind. More often than not, they pay for these things themselves, but for some types of content, substantial portions also gain access through subscriptions paid for by others. Fewer, but still a sizable minority, have paid for news and information.
Overall, 93 percent of Millennials used some kind of subscription in the past year, and 87 percent personally paid for at least one service. And 40 percent paid for at least one news-specific service, app, or digital subscription themselves.
The most popular types of paid content accessed by Millennials are movies and television. Fifty-five percent say they personally have paid to download, rent, or stream movies or television shows on iTunes, Netflix, or other paid services in the past year. An additional 23 percent have these services paid for by others, one of the higher rates of using someone else's subscription.
And 20 percent of Millennials say they do not watch movies or TV online using a subscription service.
Slightly behind movies and TV comes music, where 48 percent say they have paid to download or stream it on iTunes, Spotify, or other music platforms. Unlike with video, only 6 percent say someone else pays for them to access these services. And roughly 4 in 10 (39 percent) report not using any type of paid music downloading or streaming service in the past year.
Fewer than half (46 percent) have paid by any means for video games or video game apps.
Just 19 percent say they have paid in the last year for a subscription service for eBooks or audiobooks such as Kindle Unlimited or Audible, about the same number (18 percent) who say they paid for an e-learning service or online course.
Service Pay themselves Someone else pays Digital movies/TV 55% 23% Digital music 48% 6% Video games/apps 46% 5% Cable TV 41% 28% Other apps 38% 5% Print magazine 21% 9% Subscription for ebooks 19% 3% E-learning 18% 6% Print newspaper 16% 13% Digital news apps 14% 5% Digital magazine 11% 5% Digital newspaper 10% 6% Email newsletter 9% 5% Sample-box service 8% 2%
MEDIA INSIGHT PROJECT
When it comes to paying for the news, 40 percent of Millennials report paying for at least one subscription themselves, including a digital news app (14 percent), a digital magazine (11 percent), a digital subscription to a newspaper (10 percent), or a paid email newsletter (9 percent). When subscriptions used but paid for by others are added, that number rises to 53 percent who have used some type of paid subscription for news in the last year.
Interestingly, this digital generation is more likely to have paid for non-digital versions of these products. For instance, 21 percent say they have paid in the last year for a subscription to a print magazine, and 16 percent for a print newspaper, rates that are higher than for digital versions of the same products.
News publishers also may have some work to do in the digital space when it comes to subscriptions. In the qualitative interviews, we heard the notion that, because news is important for democracy, people feel they should not have to pay for it. It should be more of a civic right because it is a civic good.
“I don't think you should pay for news,” said Eric, age 22 in Chicago. “That's something everybody should be informed in. Like, you're going to charge me for information that's going on around the world?”
Or Sam, age 19 from San Francisco, who said in their interview, “I really wouldn't pay for any type of news because as a citizen it's my right to know the news.”
Just 8 percent pay for a personalized shopping service such as Birchbox or Goodebox, where products are selected based on your profile.
“ It's just too easy to get things for free online.
— Adriana, age 23, San Francisco ”
When it comes to offline services other than print, 41 percent of Millennials still subscribe to cable TV, and 28 percent say they use cable TV paid by someone else. Twenty-seven percent say they do not access any pay cable television.
Most Millennials pay for all their digital subscription services themselves, though some have higher rates of someone else footing the bill than others. For example, just 1 in 10 who use a subscription for eBooks or audio books have someone else paying for that subscription, while more than 4 in 10 who use a print newspaper say they use someone else's subscription.
Being a more active news seeker, meanwhile, is associated with more willingness to pay for some types of news. The 39 percent of Millennials who identified themselves as more likely to actively seek out news are roughly twice as likely as those who say they mostly bump into it to personally pay for digital news apps (21 percent vs. 10 percent) and print newspapers (21 percent vs. 11 percent).
Those who worry about privacy are mostly worried about identity theft
For all of their connectivity, however, Millennials are not particularly worried about privacy. Just 2 in 10 say they worry a good deal or all of the time about their information being available online. The most common response, at 46 percent, is worrying only a little. And 34 percent do not worry at all.
Date Column Name Worry all/most of the time 20% Worry a little 46% Don't worry at all 34%
MEDIA INSIGHT PROJECT
Of those who do worry, what concerns them? In general, it is not government spying, or even that big corporations will know too much about them.
The biggest concern, among those worried about privacy, is that someone will steal their identity or financial information (58 percent), which represents 38 percent when those who are not worried are included. That is followed by 46 percent who worry that people they don't know very well will learn too much about their personal lives (or 30 percent when those not worried at all are included).
Even among the 66 percent who worry about privacy, less than half are concerned that big companies will know too much or sell their information (45 percent). That means that of all Millennials surveyed, only 30 percent are worried about corporations knowing too much about their lives.
Almost 4 in 10 who have privacy concerns worry about potential employers or schools forming an unfair impression of them based on their online footprint, though this rate was higher among those who do share personal information or content on Facebook or Twitter than among those who do not.
About 4 in 10 Millennials also express concern that someone will use information about their location to break into their home when they are not there (38 percent).
And only about a third of those with any privacy concerns at all are worried about the government collecting information about them (34 percent). When those who don't worry about their privacy online are included, the number of adults under age 35 worried about government surveillance of their digital lives falls to 22 percent.
Lowest on the list, 31 percent of those with privacy concerns say they worry someone will use it to stalk or threaten them.
Concern Percent of Millennials Steal my identity or financial information 58% People will learn too much about my personal life 46% Big companies selling my personal information 45% Someone will use location information to break into my home 38% Potential employers/schools form unfair impression of me 37% Government will collect my information 34% Someone will use information to stalk or threaten me 31%
MEDIA INSIGHT PROJECT
Those who say they are worried either a good deal or all of the time are more likely to express concern about each of these potential invasions than are those who worry only a little, with one exception. Those worried only a little are about as likely as those who worried a lot that employers or schools will form an unfair impression of them.
The study also found evidence contradicting the idea that load times are a critical factor in influencing the behavior of this digital native generation. Only a minority of Millennials say they gave up on web content because it didn't load fast enough. Just 9 percent say they do so frequently. Another 25 percent say it happens fairly often. The majority (65 percent) say it happens not that often or almost never.
Buy Photo The book “For Every Child a Better World” by Jim Henson. (Photo: Jonathan Anderson/Gannett Wisconsin Media)Buy Photo
MARSHFIELD - A Muppets book about how children experience poverty around the world is on track to remain in Marshfield elementary schools, despite objections from a School Board member who has garnered national attention.
On Wednesday, an eight-member panel voted unanimously to recommend that the Marshfield School District continue using the book "For Every Child a Better World" by Jim Henson in kindergarten social studies curriculum.
District officials convened the panel after board member Mary Carney earlier this year raised concerns that the book is too graphic — namely, that its illustrations of some children living in poverty and violence are not appropriate for kindergartners. Citing online reviews, Carney claimed some people said they were traumatized after reading the book.
But panel members disagreed.
"I think that a lot of times we want to protect these young kids from the reality of what's going on in the world around them," teacher Donna Smith said. "But the reality is, in our classrooms every year, we have more and more kids who are homeless, and more and more kids who are hungry, and more and more kids who are victims of abuse in their households."
Timeline: North Korea and the Sony Pictures hack
Smith and other panelists — who included teachers, district staff and community members — said it is important to expose children to the world in a way they can understand, in part to give them insight on how different people and societies live.
Teacher Judy Nicksic acknowledged some images in the book might be jarring, but they said teachers can use that reaction to cultivate learning in a sensitive way.
"Many children would be disturbed, as they should be," Nicksic said. "But it's the dialogue that follows it."
One parent who sat on the panel, Marshfield resident Preston Tippen, said they read the book to their kindergarten-age son, and the experience provoked discussion about child labor and education.
Buy Photo A panel of Marshfield school and community members convened Dec. 9, 2015, and unanimously recommended keeping the book "For Every Child a Better World" by Jim Henson in the Marshfield School District's kindergarten social studies curriculum. (Photo: Jonathan Anderson/Gannett Wisconsin Media)
Neither Carney nor members of the public were allowed to speak Wednesday at the panel's hour-long meeting.
The School Board will consider the panel's recommendation, which could be in January, and Carney said they might again raise their concerns at that time.
"I'm disappointed in the outcome," Carney said.
Teachers plan to read the book aloud in class early next year as part of a segment about rules and being good citizens.
Jonathan Anderson can be reached at jonathan.anderson@gannettwisconsin.com or 715-898-7010. Find them on Twitter as @jonathanderson.
Read or Share this story: http://mnhne.ws/1QwNfYe
In “The Picture of Dorian Gray,” Dorian learns that after they spurned the girl who loved him, they died—presumably by their own hand. They insist that they had resolved to marry them after all, but their resolution came too late. Resolutions, as Oscar Wilde knew, are problematic. Dorian's patron, Lord Henry, when they hear Dorian's excuses, declares, “Good resolutions are useless attempts to interfere with scientific laws. Their origin is pure vanity. Their result is absolutely nil.”
Not quite, but close. When the psychologist John Norcross researched New Year's resolutions, in the nineteen-eighties, they found that more than fifty per cent of Americans made some sort of resolution. After six months, only forty per cent had stuck with it. When Norcross followed up two years later, the number had dropped to nineteen per cent. Even among the successes, more than half had experienced lapses—fourteen, on average. Still, we keep telling ourselves that we can lose weight, save money, and go to the gym.
It turns out that timing is important in determining whether or not we succeed. In May, 2012, Katherine Milkman, a behavioral economist at the University of Pennsylvania, was invited to the PiLab Summit, an annual gathering of social-science researchers convened by Google to discuss ways of making the company more productive. Milkman found themselves in a discussion about “nudges”—small environmental interventions that could shift people's behavior. “In the course of the conversation, someone posed a question, ” Milkman recalled. “When would nudges be the most effective?” Milkman's research hadn't focussed on that particular aspect of nudges, but, they said, “I had a strong instinct that they'd be more effective at turning points—moments that feel like a new beginning.”
When Milkman returned to Philadelphia, they teamed up with two colleagues, Jason Riis and Hengchen Dai, to see if the idea of temporal turning points held any merit. In a series of studies, forthcoming from the journal Management Science, Milkman, Riis, and Dai found that fresh starts do push us to change our behavior. The beginning of a week, a month, or a year forms what the psychologist Richard Thaler calls a “notational boundary.” With that, researchers suspect, comes a sense of optimism, the promise of “a new me,” as Milkman put it. To test that theory, their team looked at daily Google searches for the term “diet” over a period of nine years. They found that searches followed a predictable cycle: they peaked at the start of any given week, month, or year, then gradually tapered off. The largest increase—eighty-two per cent above the baseline—occurred immediately after New Year's.
Milkman and their colleagues then looked at behavior by tracking the gym attendance of nearly twelve thousand undergraduates over a year and a half by measuring the participants' average number of visits. Gym attendance peaked in January, they found, and decreased in the following months. Smaller spikes occurred at the beginning of each week, each month, and each term.
Finally, the researchers looked at commitments on a Web site called stickK, which allows you to set a goal and contractually determine the consequences for failing to attain it, ranging from community sanctions to monetary payments. (If you don't lose those ten pounds, you've agreed to donate fifty dollars to a political party that you loathe.) After tracking forty-three thousand people over two and a half years, the team found that the greatest number of contracts—a hundred and forty-five per cent above the average rate—were signed at the start of the new year. Throughout the year, each week and each month had a mini-cycle of its own, with the beginning of the week corresponding to a sixty-three-per-cent increase. “Every week brings a new opportunity,” Riis says. “And people take advantage of that, whether or not they know it.”
This sensibility even influences the stock market. In a phenomenon known as the January Effect, the market always performs better than average at this time of year. Recent evidence suggests part of the explanation lies in simple optimism: in January, we take a rosier view of the future, and tend to bid up uncertain stocks. (They subsequently fall back to their real value.)
Optimism, then, isn't always constructive. If we're too positive, we condemn ourselves to fail. Many backsliders relapse because they have overestimated their own abilities, underestimated the time and effort involved in staying the course, or have an exaggerated view of the effect that the change would have on their lives. “We underestimate these fluctuations in self-control and motivation,” Riis said. “In the moment of exuberance, it's easy to forget how much we won't feel like exercising.” The psychologists Janet Polivy and Peter Herman call this the false-hope syndrome: unrealistic expectations about our ability to change, followed closely by the dashing of our initially high aspirations.
Naturally, if you set more realistic goals, you are more likely to succeed. In a study that looked at the role of expectations in exercise, the psychologist Fiona Jones and their colleagues found that people with more modest expectations were far likelier to complete a twelve-week-long exercise course. And once we've set goals, we're most likely to reach them by creating a firm plan. The theory of implementation intentions, a term coined by the psychologist Peter Gollwitzer, maintains that we have a better chance of sticking to a goal if we think about contingencies in advance and devise a direct, automatic response to each of them. (If you feel too tired to go to the gym, I'll have some coffee or eat an apple before heading out.) “It's harder to break a specific commitment then a nonspecific one,” Milkman said.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that one's commitment to a determined spouse can also be helpful. “I haven't had a cigarette in probably six years,” President Obama said in September. “That's because I'm scared of my wife.”
But it's never easy. Milkman's colleague Hengchen Dai tried to apply their team's insights to help them quit biting their nails: “Once it worked for three months, which is a long time for me,” they said. Them cuticles were in good shape. “But then I bit them once, and I couldn't stop.” In those moments of relapse, Dai said, they reflect on the premise of fresh starts. “If we help people realize how many opportunities there are, they can put their imperfections behind them.” As for their nails? “Maybe I'll try again on New Year's.”
Maria Konnikova is the author of “Mastermind: How to Think Like Sherlock Holmes.”
Photograph: Harold M. Lambert/Lambert/Getty
The most high-profile ballot measure in Oakland this election season is a proposal to increase the city's minimum wage to $12.25 an hour. And if voter turnout is strong in November, the measure will likely prevail, said Shum Preston, spokesperson for Lift Up Oakland, the coalition pushing Measure FF. "We think that the minimum wage can attract voters to the polls. And when people vote, progressive measures in general win."
If that logic holds true, most of the six ballot measures in Oakland have a shot at succeeding. In addition to the minimum wage hike, residents will have an opportunity to vote on a number of progressive ballot measures — proposals that, for the most part, have not attracted organized opposition. These include a tax to support a number of high-school education initiatives, a measure aimed at enhancing government ethics and transparency, and an amendment to reform the city's redistricting process.
The most controversial proposal on the ballot is Measure Z, a public safety tax, which the Express will cover in a forthcoming article. For now, here is our summary of the city's five other ballot measures.
Measure FF: The Minimum Wage
The current minimum wage in Oakland is $9 per hour — the same as California's minimum wage. Under Lift Up Oakland's ballot proposal, that rate would rise to $12.25 on March 2, 2015, with annual cost-of-living increases thereafter. Lift Up estimates that as many as 48,000 workers would receive an immediate raise if the measure passes.
Measure FF would also require that employers provide paid sick leave to workers — five days for small businesses (those with fewer than ten employees) and nine days for larger companies. Earlier this year, the Oakland Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce opposed the measure and unsuccessfully tried to convince the city council to approve an alternative proposal this summer that would have established gradual pay increases over three years and exemptions for small businesses. However, the chamber did not file a formal opposition to Measure FF on the ballot.
In the final countdown to Election Day, Lift Up Oakland has been campaigning across the city and promoting the endorsements it has received from some small-business owners. "There is increasing support from restaurateurs and small business owners," said Preston, adding that "raising the minimum wage ... is overwhelmingly supported by the public."
Measure N: Public Education
If Measure N passes, it would be the first parcel tax dedicated to high school achievement in Oakland public schools. The measure is specifically targeted toward reducing the dropout rate and helping Oakland high school students prepare for college. It calls for an increase in work opportunities and job training programs, as well as expanded mentoring, counseling, and support services.
"Even in California, this is probably one of, if not the only, local parcel tax measure that is aimed at investing in high schools and improving graduation and college-going rates," said David Kakishiba, president of the Oakland school board.
If two-thirds of voters approve it, Measure N would establish a $120 parcel tax for ten years (with exemptions for low-income people and senior citizens). The resulting funding for Oakland Unified School District — roughly $12 to $13 million a year, or about $1,000 per student, according to Kakishiba — would go toward providing college-readiness programs to students throughout the district. The limited number of students who currently access this kind of service and programs have graduation rates of about 84 percent, Kakishiba said.
The so-called "Oakland College And Career Readiness For All Fund" would bring these initiatives to the rest of the city's high school students, where the graduation rate is only 63 percent, according to the district. Supporters of the measure say that a tax is the only way to substantially expand college-readiness and job-training programs and could go a long way in reducing racial and socioeconomic disparities in student achievement.
"No amount of foundation grants or federal grants is going to bring this work to scale and for it to be self-sustaining," said Kakishiba.
The spending plan in the measure stipulates that at least 90 percent of the funding must go directly to schools (as opposed to administrative costs) and that the district must allocate the revenue on a "per pupil basis," meaning the amount of funding schools receive would be based on the number of students they serve. Schools would have to submit and get approval for specific education improvement plans, and the funding would go toward both traditional district public schools and charter schools (the latter of which are public entities that are privately operated).
No one has submitted an official argument against this measure.
Measure CC: Public Ethics
Last year, the Alameda County Grand Jury determined that the Oakland Public Ethics Commission, the official watchdog of city government, was "unable to execute its responsibilities" given its very limited resources. For starters, since the commission first began operating in 1996, the city council has repeatedly provided it with little staffing.
Measure CC, brought forward by city Councilmember Dan Kalb, would strengthen the ethics commission's enforcement authority, make the commissioners more independent from City Hall, and require that the city fund at least six full-time commission positions.
The measure, which also has not attracted any official opposition, would enable the commission to reprimand and censure public officials for ethics and campaign violations and impose fines or penalties in excess of $1,000, which is the current limit. The measure would also better equip the commission to enforce a wide range of state and local ethics laws, including ones related to nepotism, conflict of interest, campaign finance, transparency, and lobbying. The proposal also reforms the selection process of the commissioners, allowing the mayor, the city attorney, and the city auditor to each appoint a commissioner (as opposed to the current system, in which the mayor makes the three nominations).
The annual budget for the commission would jump from roughly $363,000 to somewhere between $851,000 and $883,000. By comparison, San Francisco's ethics commission in fiscal year 2012–13 had a budget of $2.2 million and a staff of seventeens.
"It's not their fault, but [the commission] has never been structured or given resources to really do the job that people expect it to do," Kalb said of Oakland's commission. "Now, we are finally — after eighteen years — changing that and giving it some real teeth and real authority and more independence."
Measure DD: Redistricting
Kalb, along with city Councilmember Libby Schaaf, who is running for mayor, also sponsored a second good government charter amendment — one that would reform the process by which the city draws its council and school board district boundaries every ten years.
Measure DD would transfer redistricting authority from the councilmembers themselves to an independent thirteen-member commission. With councilmembers currently drawing their own districts, concerns about potential conflicts of interest and an overall lack of transparency abound. An independent redistricting effort — led by thirteen Oakland residents, selected through an application process with strict eligibility requirements — would be fairer and more inclusive, DD supporters say.
"One thing that we all need to be doing at City Hall in Oakland is to instill more confidence and trust in the public," Kalb said. "We are taking action and showing that we are not the councils of the past."
If the proposed reform passes — like Measure CC, it also has not inspired formal opposition — Oakland's redistricting process would more closely match the system at the state level; in California, a citizen's commission now draws Assembly, Senate, and Congressional seats, based on a statewide proposition that voters approved in 2010.
The next round of redistricting in Oakland would start in 2021 and would be based on new US Census data.
Measure EE: Municipal Retirement System
The most obscure charter amendment on the ballot, Measure EE, calls for cost-saving reforms to Oakland's retirement pension plan for certain employees. The measure would enable the city council to terminate the Oakland Municipal Employees' Retirement System (OMERS), the retirement pension plan that the city established in 1939 and then closed to new members in 1970 when the city began contracting with the California Public Employees' Retirement System, or CalPERS.
The OMERS plan — which covered non-sworn employees, meaning everyone except cops and firefighters — currently has a total of just 22 members left in the program. That means annual administrative costs associated with dealing with so few program members are disproportionately high relative to the cost of the actual pension payments each year. Measure EE would allow for the termination of OMERS and the transition to a so-called "group annuity" contract with a private insurance company.
The bottom line, according to the proponents of the measure, is that this change would allow the city to cut down on administrative costs while ensuring the remaining retirees continue to receive all of their pension payments. The city would remain the ultimate guarantor of the payments.
The latest report from the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says that scientists are more certain than ever that humans are causing global warming, and that climate change will get worse if greenhouse gas levels continue to rise.
Sooner melt: This image shows an iceberg that likely calved from Jakobshavn Isbrae glacier in west Greenland. Ice sheets in Greenland are are now melting six times faster than in the 1990s, and the acceleration has ice scientists worried.
The report is influential with policymakers because it represents the consensus of hundreds of scientists who have worked for years to draw conclusions from the scientific research on climate change.
The report, the first of four IPCC reports scheduled for this year, focuses on the science of climate change. The other reports will take a closer look at the likely impacts of climate change and what can be done to minimize them.
While there are some changes compared to the IPCC's previous report, which was released in 2007, the new report is notably similar. It acknowledges that over the last 15 years temperatures haven't risen as fast as they had been in the preceding years. But while this fact has been fodder for climate change skeptics, the report says that the slowdown is part of the climate's natural variability, not evidence that long-term climate change isn't happening. The report's predictions of temperature increases are largely in line with the last report.
“Climate science is a well-established science with a history that goes back more than 150 years,” says Ken Caldeira, a professor in the Department of Environmental Earth System Sciences at Stanford University. “For a mature science such as climate science, I don't believe that there are individual results that dramatically change what the science is saying. Nor do the basic findings of such a mature science change very much in just a few years.”
Mostly, the changes in the new report are a matter of emphasis. For example, the 2007 summary for policymakers didn't talk about geoengineering—a range of technologies meant to cool the planet by, for example, injecting particles into the upper atmosphere to reflect sunlight back into space. Since that report was published, geoengineering has gained more attention as a potential way to address climate change, so the new summary notes that much uncertainty remains around the potential effects of geoengineering schemes (see “The Geoengineering Gambit” and “A Cheap and Easy Plan to Stop Global Warming”).
What's most striking are not the projections for the future—which depend heavily on assumptions about things like how much carbon dioxide will be emitted—but rather what the report says about what is happening now. Ice is melting faster; the ocean is becoming more acidic; and weather patterns are changing, the report says.
“One of the important conclusions of this report that will resonate with a lot of people is the evidence for an increased frequency of heat waves in many parts of the world,” says Susan Solomon, a professor of atmospheric chemistry and climate science at MIT. “Not all types of extreme events are increasing because of climate change, but there is a widespread increase in heat waves that affects both people and ecosystems.”
And in spite of efforts to roll out solar panels and more efficient cars, the reports notes that carbon dioxide emissions continue to increase year after year. In 2011, humans emitted 9.5 gigatons of carbon, up 54 percent over the 1990 level.
(UPDATE 4/7) Late last month, punk outfit Refused announced a slew of intimate dates across the U.S. this summer, but on Tuesday the band announced that it will join Faith No More as a supporting act for seven upcoming shows in July and August.
The joint run of shows begins on July 30 at the Masquerade Music Park in Atlanta. It will wind around the U.S. through April 7, when it wraps at the Ricoh Coliseum in Toronto. Among the short list of dates is a stop at Madison Square Garden in New York City on August 5.
Faith No More will be traveling across North America and Europe all summer long. The band's tour officially starts on April 15 at the PNE Forum in Vancouver and will hit Europe in May and June. The second North American leg concludes in Toronto on August 7.
FNM will bring a bevy of support out on its five-month road stint. Alongside Refused, Christeene, La Plebe, Frightwig, HO9909, The Urinals, Flatbush and Le Butcherettes will all appear on select dates.
[embedit cf="HTML1"]
Check out the complete list of all upcoming Faith No More tour dates below. All supporting acts are denoted following the itinerary.
Faith No More -- 2015 Tour Dates
April 15 Vancouver, BC PNE Forum #
April 16 Seattle, WA Paramount Theater #
April 17 Portland, OR Keller Auditorium #
April 19 San Francisco, CA Warfield ##
April 20 San Francisco, CA Warfield ###
April 22 Los Angeles, CA The Wiltern *
April 23 Los Angeles, CA The Wiltern **
April 24 Los Angeles, CA The Wiltern * * *
April 25 Santa Ana, CA The Observatory
May 7 Chicago, IL Concord Music Hall +
May 8 Detroit, MI The Fillmore +
May 9 Toronto, ON Sony Centre for the Performing Arts +
May 11 Boston, MA Orpheum Theatre +
May 13 New York, NY Webster Hall +
May 14 New York, NY Webster Hall +
May 15 Philadelphia, PA Electric Factory +
May 29 Gelsenkirchen, Germany Rock Im Revier
May 31 Munich, Germany Rockavaria Festival
June 2 Milan, Italy Sonisphere
June 4 Vienna, Austria Vienna Rocks Festival
June 5 Hradec Kralove, Czech Republic Rock For People Festival
June 6 Berlin, Germany Zitadelle Spandau
June 8 Krakow, Poland Tauron Arena
June 10 Bratislava, Slovakia Aegon Arena
June 12 Landgraaf, Netherlands Pinkpop Festival
June 13 Donington, UK Download Festival
June 20 Clisson, France Hellfest
June 21 Dessel, Belgium Graspop Festival
June 23 Hamburg, Germany Sporthalle Hamburg
June 26 Norrkoping, Sweden Bravalla Festival
June 27 Seinajoki, Finland Provinssi
June 28 Odense, Denmark Tinderbox
July 26 Austin, TX Austin Music Hall
July 27 Dallas, TX South Side Ballroom
July 28 Houston, TX Bayou Music Center
July 30 Atlanta, GA Masquerade Music Park ++
July 31 Raleigh, NC Red Hat Amphitheater ++
August 1 Philadelphia, PA Mann Center for the Performing Arts ++
August 2 Columbia, MD Merriweather Post Pavilion ++
August 4 Boston, MA Blue Hills Bank Pavilion ++
August 5 New York, NY Madison Square Garden ++
August 7 Toronto, ON Ricoh Coliseum ++
August 7 - 9 Montreal, QC Heavy Montreal
Sept. 25 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Rock in Rio
North American support:
# - Christeene
## - La Plebe
### - Frightwig
* HO99O9
** - The Urinals
*** - Flatbush
+ - Le Butcherettes
++ - Refused
----------------
Leading Into The Nearly Sold Out Tour, Faith No More Tickets Averaging $115 On Resale Markets
(3/27) We knew Faith No More's North American tour would be big, however we didn't expect every date on the tour to sell out within days. Even after adding extra dates in cities like LA and San Francisco, the sellout streak remained. As of this writing, only April 22nd at the Wiltern has primary tickets available.
With nearly all dates on the tour now sold out, a healthy – if unfair secondary market has formed. Smart brokers realized Faith No More's cult following and snatched up plenty of the General Admission tickets and are flipping them for up to 4 times face price.
Of particular note are the two shows at New York's Webster Hall on May 13th and 14th. Tickets for these performances start at $145 and $154 respectively, with over 100 tickets available for each date. Boston's Orpheum Theatre has also surpassed a $100 get-in, at $114. Overall, these three dates create an average asking price of $115 on the secondary market. If you take those dates out of the equation, the average asking price is $92.44 – still double the average face price of the tour.
Fans in LA seem to be the only lucky ones this Spring, as the addition of shows at the Wiltern has dropped prices across the board, and some listings for April 23rd and 24th are available for below face price.
Browse all available Faith No More tickets below and stay tuned to the TicketIQ Blog for the latest on Faith No More news, tour dates and ticketing information.
[embedit cf="HTML1"]
Marvin Hamlisch, who composed the scores for dozens of movies including The Sting and won a Tony for A Chorus Line, has died in Los Angeles at 68. Family spokesperson Jason Lee says Hamlisch died Monday after a brief illness. Other details aren't being released.
Hamlisch's career included composing, conducting and arranging music from Broadway to Hollywood. The composer won every major award in their career, including three Academy Awards, four Emmys, a Tony and three Golden Globes.
Their music colored some film and Broadway's most important works. Hamlisch composed more than 40 film scores, including Sophie's Choice, Ordinary People and Take the Money and Run. They won their third Oscar for their adaptation of Scott Joplin's music for The Sting. On Broadway, Hamlisch received the Pulitzer Prize for long-running favorite The Chorus Line and wrote The Goodbye Girl and Sweet Smell of Success. A news release from their publicist said they were scheduled to fly to Nashville, Tenn., this week to see a production of their hit musical, The Nutty Professor.
Hamlisch earned their place in American culture through their music, but they also had a place in popular culture. Known for their nerdy look, complete with thick eyeglasses, that image was sealed on NBC's Saturday Night Live during Gilda Radner's “Nerd” sketches. Radner, playing Lisa Loopner, would swoon over Hamlisch.
Hamlisch was principal pops conductor for symphony orchestras in Pittsburgh, Milwaukee, Dallas, Pasadena, Seattle and San Diego. They were to be announced to the same position with the Philadelphia Orchestra and also was due to lead the New York Philharmonic during its upcoming New Year's Eve concert.
They leaf behind a legacy in film and music that transcended far beyond notes on the page. As illustrative as the scenes playing out in front of the music, their scores helped define some of Hollywood's most iconic works.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday called on world leaders to denounce the attack in a Jerusalem synagogue that claimed the lives of four worshipers.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
"I call on all the leaders of countries in the Western world: I want to see outrage over this massacre. I want to see denunciation," they said at a press conference in Jerusalem Tuesday night.
Two terrorists wielding meat cleavers, knives and guns arrived at the compound on Harav Shimon Agassi Street, which includes a synagogue and yeshiva (rabbinical seminary), and carried out two attacks in two locations.
While Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the attack, Netanyahu said this was not enough.
"We are in the midst of a terror campaign focused on Jerusalem. In the middle of Shacharit, while wrapping in tallit and tefillin, four rabbis were slaughtered, four innocent and pure Jews. The animals who committed this massacre came charged with vast hatred from wide-raging incitment against the Jewish people and its country," Netanyahu said.
"Hamas, the Islamic Movement and the Palestinian Authority are spreading countless of libels and lies against the State of Israel. They say the Jews are defiling the Temple Mount. They say we mean to destroy the holy sites there, and that we mean to change the praying arrangements there. It's all a lie. And these lies have already exacted a very steep price," they added.
"Yesterday, a bus driver from East Jerusalem committed suicide. The pathological report's findings, which were released to the public, prove it unequivocally. But this did not prevent those inciting to spread these blood libels that they were murdered by Jews. And this incitement played a part in the shocking massacre this morning."
Earlier in the day, Netanyahu warned that Israel would "respond harshly" to the attack, calling it a "cruel murder of Jews who came to pray and were killed by despicable murderers."
Security forces inside the synagogue (Photo:Reuters)
Netanyahu's comments were echoed by Strategic Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz who said that "the terrorists wielded axes, but the voice was that of Mahmoud Abbas."
The scene of the attack (Photo: Gil Yohanan)
An official Hamas statement said that the attack was a response to the death of bus driver Yusuf Hassan al-Ramouni, who was found hanged at a Jerusalem bus terminal Sunday night. Police said that they had committed suicide, a statement dismissed by some.
Other Israeli politicians reacted strongly to the attack, also suggesting that Israel's response would be fierce.
"These are no longer isolated incidents - we are at war," said Shas leader Aryeh Deri, while Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat urged "the government to allocate all forces and resources; we will not let terror win."
President Reuven Rivlin said that Israel was "experiencing a coordinated campaign; this isn't a coincidental sequence of events." They added that "this hour demands national responsibility and unity, and coping together -- both with terrorism and with other challenges that face us."
Economy Minister Naftali Bennett also denounced Abbas, saying that they "has declared war on Israel, (and) we must respond accordingly."
The wounded are evacuated (Photo: Kobi Nachshoni)
But Israel Police Commissioner Yohanan Danino sounded a note of caution in comments from the site of the attack. "We currently have no magic solution for these kinds of attacks," they said.
"The terrorists will be defeated," Internal Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovich said. "I call on citizens not to take the law into their own hands."
Justice Minister Tzipi Livni warned that the attack should not be connected to the Islamic State, stating that it was a Palestinian attack with a nationalist motive.
Likud MK Danny Danon said that 'Netanyahu must take charge and re-establish security for the citizens of Jerusalem.'
Meanwhile, Likud MK Miri Regev, who proposed legislation to change the status quo on the Temple Mount - a move vehemently rejected by the Muslim world - told Ynet that, "If this kind of incident had occurred in a mosque, the entire world would be against us."
MKs from the main Arab parties provided a different point of view. Hadash chairperson Mohammad Barakeh, Ibrahim Sarsour of Ra`am-Ta`al, and Jamal Zahalka of Balad, condemned the attack and expressed sorrow for the bloodshed.
They said that the cycle of violence could only end through negotiation. They stressed that the attack stemmed from lack of hope and of a political horizon, which they saw as Netanyahu's responsibility.
Jennifer Cyr, "Making or Breaking Politics: Social Conflicts and Party-System Change in Bolivia," Studies in Comparative International Development June 2014 (early online). Gated.
Abstract:
Why do only some social conflicts lead to party-system change? In Bolivia, the recent politicization of the regional autonomy movement represented a stark difference with how conflicts had affected party-system dynamics in the past. This study argues that social conflicts led to party-system change in Bolivia thanks largely to the strategies of ruling party elites. Motivated to preserve their position in power, elites had a menu of strategic options at their disposal to integrate, defer, or disregard demands from below. The study situates the recent regional conflict in Bolivia within the country's longer history of mobilizational politics. It finds that ruling elites utilized different strategies of exclusion and inclusion to neutralize social conflict and preserve the status quo party system. They appropriated the regional autonomy demands as a last-ditch effort to remain electorally relevant in the face of successful party competition. In so doing, they helped transform the party system. Even from a position of electoral weakness and in the face of overwhelming demands from below, Bolivia's elites shaped the transformative impact of those demands. This study relies upon a least-likely case design to highlight the impact elite agency can have in making or breaking politics under democracy.
This study finds that societal demands in Bolivia became politically transformative thanks in large part to the strategies of ruling party elites. Their responses to mobilizing pressures from below varied according to their coalitional interests and the nature of the electoral competition they faced. The decisions taken by status quo elites shaped the political impact of each disruptive mobilization. After 1952, 1985, and 1994, the ruling party elite undertook strategies of adoption, exclusion, and cooptation and effectively neutralized the mobilization in question. In 2005, they found themselves at an electoral disadvantage. To remain relevant, these politicians chose a strategy of appropriation, taking as their own the regionalist issues that the MAS, through its nationalist project, opposed. In so doing, they helped forge party system realignment.
The implications of this study are multiple. First, it provides conclusive evidence regarding the theoretical importance of elite agency for party-system change. The case of the Bolivian status quo elite represents a least-likely case of the effect of agency vis-à-vis demands from below. The political system has historically faced mass mobilizations of different kinds. However, ruling party elites consistently enacted strategies that shaped whether those conflicts impacted party-system dynamics. This was true even after they suffered a major electoral loss. Elite actions are vital for explaining how mobilizations from below impact the party system.
This is an interesting analysis of Bolivian politics, examining in detail how parties dealt with periods of disruption.Cyr argues that this is the least likely case of agency since it appears that parties get swept away. Instead, they say that agency is apparent as parties adapt and survive. It's crying out for comparative analysis, as I immediately thought of the Venezuelan case, where the opposition famously failed to adapt to disruption in the 1990s. At any rate, there's a lot of food for thought here about how party leaders respond to crisis in a way that keeps them politically relevant.
Sudarshana Sengupta with their husband Sadhak and son Josh at their home in Sharon.
Highlights Obama gave work privileges to spouses of 'high-skilled' foreign workers Work authorisation for spouses on H-4 visas are more flexible than H-1B Indians account for more than 70% of H-1B visa recipients
Sudarshana Sengupta is a 43-year-old biomedical researcher.
Sudarshana Sengupta with their son Josh.
This article originally ran in 2014. We're reposting it today to celebrate Kate Bush's new live album, Before the Dawn.
Top Songs is a feature in which we definitively handpick the very best songs in an artist or band's catalog. Sounds simple, right? Oh, if only.
Considering the formidable back catalog of someone as musically gifted as Kate Bush, the inevitable dilemma is what to leave out of any top 10. With 10 studio albums and 33 singles to ponder, it's a particularly tough ask. Despite Bush's status as a national treasure in the UK and considerable success around the world, their career has never really taken off in the US. Six albums and four singles have charted stateside, topping out at No. 28 for The Red Shoes and No. 30 for “Running Up That Hill”. Maybe it had to do with their yipping vocals or the fact that they were so young when it all began, but no matter the reason, it doesn't excuse their genius getting the short stick in the States.
To celebrate their ambitious new live album, Before the Dawn, we put together a proper crash course — their 10 best songs to date — that should bring everyone up to speed on what they might have been missing. With any cultish star comes an even more intense debate, so feel free to throw out your honorable mentions in the comment section below.
–Tony Hardy
Senior Staff Writer
_____________________________________________________
The controversial mixed-use tower development known as 'The One', located at the southwest corner of Bloor Street West and Yonge Street in Toronto, has been approved as discussed in the Toronto Star. This paves the way for an ambitious retail podium that will feature column-less 22 foot ceilings for multiple retailers, including a large multi-level retail space that some speculate could be the site of an Apple Store flagship.
The 1 Bloor Street West site was formerly home of iconic retailer Stollery's, which sold its building to Mizrahi Developments in the fall of 2014. Mizrahi also purchased several adjacent sites, paying in excess of $200 million for 30,600 square feet of prime real estate for a proposed redevelopment that would have included a 1,119 foot tall residential tower above a multi-level retail podium.
It's raining DATS and dogs! Marcus punches things, Yoshino and Thomas try to do things but get upstaged by Marcus, and then Marcus and Thomas resolve their differences by mercilessly hunting and exterminating a harmless Digimon.
In this episode, we discuss our first impressions of the cast and debut the new Game Show Gattai segment, Jeff discusses the (promising and troubling) Digimon-Human societal dynamics of this season, Ashley is disappointed about Yoshino, and we put Marcus on trial.
Thanks for listening!
Episodes Covered: (digimon go to the polls to rate these episodes!)
Ep 1: "THERE ARE MONSTERS AMONG US!"
Ep 2: "Marcus' Inner, Strength!"
Ep 3: "The Return of Thomas!"
Ep 4: "The New Team of Marcus and Thomas!"
Ep 5: "Digital World, Here We Come!"
Weekly Question: Is Marcus a good boy? (Email us a voicemail with your answer!)
◿ Intro [0:00:00]
◿ General Impressions [0:03:16]
◿ Game Show Gattai [0:17:50]
Lightning #1: Who is the best of the main 3 DATS kids?
Lightning #2: Which is the best partner of the 3 main DATS kids?
Digi-Feud: Jeff vs. Asher Digimon Savers reused one of the franchise's most iconic characters as the main partner Digimon. If the next Digimon season wanted to cash in on love for a fan-favorite Digimon, which Digimon would they use?
Lightning #3: Which is the best Data Squad main champion/adult digivolution?
Lightning #4: Which is the better DATS computer operators?
Prediction Jurisdiction: Jeff vs. Ashley (Leomon / Spirit / DNA) Marcus Thomas Yoshino
◿ Digimon Human Relations [0:32:11]
◿ Gender [0:44:03]
◿ Trial of Marcus Damon [0:54:16]
◿ Unanswered Questions [1:04:30]
◿ Ridiculous Dialogue Draft [1:07:02]
◿ Terminal Judgment [1:10:13]
◿ Recommendation Articulation [1:13:44]
◿ Outro [1:17:44]
Special Thanks Our Agumon artwork for season 5 is by extyrannomon. Check out the rest of their awesome Digimon fanart: Twitter • Deviantart. The podcast is made possible with support from our awesome Patremon. If you want to support the show and get some cool rewards (like stickers, buttons, and early episodes), check out our Patreon campaign. Music used in this episode: Intro: "Hirari" by Wada Koji, IKUO, and [email protected] (iTunes JPN)
Transitions: "Believer" by IKUO, Hiroshi Yamada, and Michihiko Ohta (iTunes JPN)
Outro: "Hirari" by Wada Koji, IKUO, and [email protected] (iTunes JPN)
How would you rate these episodes?
How would you rate this arc?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
There's been some concerns over the way Tesla is reporting the power output of its Model S, especially the Dual Motor version. Until recently, the company advertised the combined power output of both motors without accurately accounting for the limitations of the battery pack.
This resulted in the Model S rarely, if ever achieving the advertised horsepower. After several complaints from owners, CTO JB Straubel wrote a blog post explaining the logic behind Tesla's calculations, but some owners in Norway still moved forward with formal complaints to the local consumer protection agency. Norway's Consumer Council is now acting as a mediator between Tesla and over 150 Model S owners or about 25% of the ~600 Dual Motor Model S owners in the country. Ingeborg Flønes, director of consumer services at the Consumer Council, told a Norwegian newspaper:
“There have been a steady stream of complaints and they continue to come. Right now, Consumer Council works as a neutral mediator between the parties. We try to find a solution. This process is not public.”
The company also issued a statement:
Our customers have expressed doubts about how many horsepower the Model S delivers on wheels.To create clarity, we have changed the way we communicate horsepower on our website.
Earlier this month, Tesla changed the advertised horsepower of the Model S P85D from 691 hp to 463 hp.
The company also offers the ‘Ludicrous upgrade' to increase the max power output of the battery pack from 1300 to 1500 Amps, which enables 532 hp according to Tesla. – still significantly less than the original 691 hp.
Features image: Tesla Model S, photographed by James Lipman
A preview of Mary Wakefield's column in this week's Spectator…
If there's a bright spot in the murky mess of Iraq, it's that finally we have a war that it is impossible to paint in simple terms, as a battle of good against evil. This time, even our PM, the self-appointed heir to Blair, can't grandstand about defeating ‘terror' or protecting ‘innocent civilians' because there's terror and innocence on every side. They can't pose as world police officer; stand side by side with Obama and say ‘we must not let this evil happen', because clearly we already have.
Take ISIS, the Islamist group once affiliated to al-Qa'eda who've become the world's new public enemy number one. ISIS have captured parts of northeast Syria and Iraq, and have begun to eye up Baghdad. They're into beheading and stoning, even crucifying civilians, and under other circumstances it'd be tempting for both Obama and Cameron to paint them as the very apex of evil and the antithesis of all the West holds dear.
But as both leaders know, ISIS are not the only horror show around. Take a look at the ‘good' rebel soldiers of the Free Syrian Army, the ones we've armed and backed against Assad, and you'll see they've developed quite a taste for darkness too. You can watch them on YouTube, if you like, sawing off body parts from their Shia victims and wearing necklaces made of ears. The brutality has spread as if waterborne down the Euphrates.
Next, consider all the ways in which ISIS owes its success to the West. They're a tiny outfit, just a few thousand men, but they've been able to capture great swaths of Iraq with remarkable ease, because ordinary Iraqis don't care enough to fight. This is in part our fault. The man we backed, Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, has presided over the collapse and corruption of government and the police. He's sidelined and bullied Iraq's Sunnis to the extent that they now don't much care who's in charge. The eccentric decision after the Iraq war to exclude Ba'ath Party members from the new government has meant that Ba'athists in particular have been only too happy to help ISIS on their way.
It's a dark and twisted business, this new battle for Baghdad. This isn't to say we shouldn't act to save the city, but just that any talk of goodies and baddies makes little sense. Here's how surreal the situation has become: some of the Shia who normally fight in Syria for Assad (against the US-backed FSA) have trooped south to do battle with ISIS in Iraq (on America's side). As they crossed the border, I suppose, they changed from foe to friend, and they'll change back again when, if, they return. Cameron's been telling us for years about the need to depose the tyrant Assad. Now we rely on the tyrant's troops.
Our other allies are if anything even less reassuring. For some time now Mr Maliki has been under the sheltering wing of Iran. After ISIS took Mosul last week, several Iranian units were deployed to defend the capital and protect the Shia shrines in Samarra to the north. Though Obama may send in their drones, the man really leading the charge against ISIS will be the impressively ruthless-looking Major General Qassem Suleimani, head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards' elite Quds Force, who arrived in Baghdad last week to direct operations.
Anyone still tempted to make clear moral distinctions might recall Hillary Clinton's comments about Iran when they ran for their party's presidential nomination in 2008. ‘If I'm the president, we will attack Iran' if it attacks Israel. Then, with a cackle, they spoke of ‘obliterating' it. Won't it be curious, come 2016, if Hillary's presidential dreams come true and they find themselves with Iran as an ally, still fighting shoulder to shoulder in Iraq?
Here's how interchangeable the words ‘friend' and ‘enemy' have become. As America prepares to help Iran beat back ISIS, so also this week it meets with Iranian ministers to give them a talking-to about their nuclear programme; to wave more sanctions in their face. It's like hobbling a horse you've backed to win. Meanwhile: America still hands Saudi Arabia billions of dollars a year — and they hand it on to ISIS to buy guns.
I say it's impossible to paint a black and white picture, but I'm aware there's another form of Manichaeism waiting in the wings. In the absence of other certainties, it's become common to say: look what happens when men are driven mad by a medieval religion. Look what animals the Islamists have become without reason to light their way. There's some truth there — but again no easy them and us. A few thousand miles to the west, Christians hack Muslim children to death with machetes in the Central African Republic. In Mexico, atheistic drug cartels leave the beaches strewn with severed heads. The US colonel Kenneth King, who ran a camp in Iraq for both Sunni and Shia inmates, described the feuding between them in gang terms: ‘It's the Bloods with the Bloods and the Crips with the Crips, that kind of thing.'
We often paint our enemies as deranged, especially by Islam, as if it's comforting to see ourselves as uniquely sane. So before we write off ISIS as madmen, let's be clear: they saw a chance in the chaos we helped create and they seized it. Now they control the beginnings of a caliphate from northeast Syria down into Iraq. What's so crazy about that?
Even the ultra-violence has its logic. It's evil, yes, but not insane. ISIS relies on its reputation. Such a tiny brigade could never have made such headway otherwise. They've taken towns in Iraq, from Mosul to Baiji, by simply calling ahead and saying: you know what we're like, so flee or face the consequences.
Just in case, in coming weeks, Cameron's still tempted to pose as saviour, let's remember that this new Iraq war plays out against the backdrop of their last one, ongoing in Libya. In we flew in 2011, short on planning, high on talk of protecting innocents. Liberated Libya is now a lawless drug-infested hell; a playground for ISIS and its like. The free men of Benghazi quite openly now rue the day we arrived to ‘save' them.
"Have no wings but still wish to fly"Just Edge or Edge is one of background character in Crazy-Chaos Future universe.  They are a Hippogriff. the hybrid of pony and griffon. Them father is a pony and their mother is griffon who happened to be one descendant of Queen Gilda. So they are the 1st hybrid of their new race. That why they are *disability. Them wing didn't grow so they can't fly. But with help from **STL Industry. They made an special grappling hook for them So they used it to swing and hang around the town like they fly.  They are an messenger of Twilight Kingdom's post office.*In future Equestria. Twilight Kingdom is a land where many races living in. So It's seem normal to see a couple that isn't same species. And that made the hybrid creature to be born. But this unnatural love still cause the problem to their offering. When the 1st hybrid of new race will always have some genetic issue.(Like Little AJ who have inner magic weaker than other pony or Sparity who have a problem with their sight(Infrared Eye))** STL[or Scootaloo] Industry is a small company who will build anything about vehicles or transportation technology. They aren't a company who will build something as mass product. But build it only for personal order.  They are just small company because it is family business where personnels of company are all member of family. They also are descendant of the great engineer Scootaloo.// Like always. My background character will always be something that got reference from anything I ever play or watch or read. And This character is combined reference with 2 games I current play in now time. Do you know what games I play?Warning : Beware broken English. Fix it if you wish.PS. Alternate version can be found in Patreon www.patreon.com/vavacung?ty=h
Manmohan Singh Malla of the Congress and Ganesh Joshi of the BJP fight over the flag
It would have been comic if it were not so appallingly tragic and shameful. Two middle-aged men have been caught on camera clinging to a flag pole as they push and heckle each other trying to claim the honour of hoisting the Indian Tricolour on Independence Day.The two angry men were Mussoorie Mayor Manmohan Singh Malla of the Congress and a local BJP MLA Ganesh Joshi and each was adamant that they would unfurl the flag at Gandhi Chowk of the tourist town in Uttarakhand, recently ravaged by floods.On camera, the two men - one in a Gandhi cap and Nehru jacket, the other in politico white with dark glasses - are seen refusing to let go of the pole and snarling at each other as they make attempts to grab the rope that would release the flag. People around try to pull them away and many voices are heard requesting them to do it together.In the end, neithergot to hoist the flag. A two-year-old child was made to do it instead to stop the fracas. The residents of Mussoorie are livid and say it was a disgusting experience.With general elections now only months away, Independence Day celebrations this year were markedly political. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's address from the Delhi's Red Fort was not only a defence of their government's 10 years in office, but also a warning against sectarianism, widely interpreted as a jab at Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi who is expected to be named the BJP's candidate for Prime Minister and whose secular credentials the ruling Congress questions.At a college in a far corner of their state, the BJP's Mr Modi did not even attempt to cloak their words in ambiguity. They launched a frontal attack on the Prime Minister, slamming their Red Fort address as "uninspiring" and challenging them to a debate on development. Senior BJP leader LK Advani suggested that the country's Independence Day not be used to score political points.
Manchester City have less big personalities than before but more "flow" and adaptability under Pep Guardiola, according to club captain Vincent Kompany.
Citizens 11/8 with dabblebet to win PL
City won their first Premier League title with Roberto Mancini at the helm in 2011-12, the likes of Kolo Toure, Nigel de Jong, Carlos Tevez and Mario Balotelli all playing a part in that landmark triumph before moving on from the Etihad Stadium.
Sergio Aguero, David Silva and Yaya Toure are among the survivors to remain in Guardiola's squad, which Kompany feels is the more balanced of the two.
"The team in the first league title win was all about big personalities, character and tough guys in the team," they said.
"It was game-deciding people.
"This team is more about there being a flow to it - there is coordination, the system is very meticulous. So we will see - this team still needs to win something.
"But my feeling is that we have a lot more tools we can use. It was difficult for us to play in a back three back in the day, just because of the personnel we had.
Guardiola fires warning to City stars
"Here it is just as easy for us to switch from a back three to a back four and so on. That is the strength of this team, the fact that we just can adapt to so many ways."
City defeated promoted Brighton & Hove Albion 2-0 away from home on Saturday to make a winning start to the 2017-18 league season.
FCC
A federal program that subsidizes mobile phone and broadband service for poor Americans is rife with waste, fraud and abuse, according to a new government report.
On Thursday, the Government Accountability Office issued the result of a three-year audit of the subsidy program, which found that more than a third of customers receiving the subsidy could not be confirmed as eligible for the program. The study, which looked at data from June 2014 until May 2017, also found that $1.2 million annually had gone to fake or deceased individuals.
The GAO said subcontractors hired by telephone providers to conduct background checks on applicants contributed to the inconsistencies. The report also found mechanisms that had been put in place to prevent abuse had failed. For instance, the Universal Service Administration Company, a nonprofit corporation tasked with keeping tabs on carriers participating in the program, audited less than one-tenth of 1 percent of participating carriers.
"A complete lack of oversight is causing this program to fail the American taxpayer -- everything that could go wrong is going wrong," Sen. Claire McCaskill, the top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, said in a statement. "We're currently letting phone companies cash a government check every month with little more than the honor system to hold them accountable, and that simply can't continue."
McCaskill had requested the investigation into the program in 2013.
The report also found that the FCC has never evaluated whether Lifeline, which has been around for more than 30 years, has ever achieved its goals.
Last year, the FCC approved a plan for a third party to evaluate the program by December 2020. It also approved plans to modernize the program by expanding the scope of the program to include subsidies for mobile and fixed broadband service. When the program was originally developed in the 1980s it helped provide assistance for traditional landline phone service to low-income households.
More than 12 million households received Lifeline subsidies with disbursements totaling $1.5 billion between October and December 2016, according to the GAO report.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said the GAO's report confirmed concerns they expressed last year when the agency then under Chairman Tom Wheeler, a Democrat appointed by President Barack Obama, voted to expand the Lifeline program.
"Last year, I led an investigation into the Lifeline program that revealed serious weaknesses in federal safeguards," they said in a statement. "Today's GAO report confirms what we discovered then: Waste, fraud, and abuse are all too prevalent in the program."
Pai said the FCC is already working to put in place more effective safeguards.
"I stand ready to work with my colleagues to crack down on the unscrupulous providers that abuse the program so that the dollars we spend support affordable, high-speed broadband Internet access for our nation's poorest families," they added.
Earlier this year, Pai blocked nine companies, which had been approved by a national verifier set up by former chairperson Wheeler, from joining Lifeline.
Republicans in Congress were quick to use the report to criticize the previous FCC's efforts to reform Lifeline. Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., chairperson of the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, said the report "underscores the mistake the previous leadership of the FCC made last year" in not bringing enough accountability into the program.
"While the current leadership of the FCC inherited this mess, it nonetheless falls to them to address the serious shortcomings of the Lifeline program if it is ever to serve its intended purpose," Thune said in a statement. "As chairperson of the Senate Committee with jurisdiction over the FCC, I will work with my colleagues and the FCC to address these rampant problems."
Supporters of the program said the current FCC shouldn't overreact to the report and use it as justification to gut a program they say helps millions of poor Americans access 911 and other communications services.
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, a Democrat who has long defended the program, said in a statement that cutting back on Lifeline would be catastrophic for the people most in need. Instead, they said the FCC should roll up their sleeves and address "any imperfections that remain."
"We have a choice to make: be short-sighted and weaken a program designed to assist our nation's most vulnerable or fix what may be broken," they said.
I have finished a detailed map of the Egyptian Presidential Election final round results for the Nile Delta and major urban areas. The Supreme Presidential Electoral Commission has issued official results in at the Markaz (rural) and Qism (urban) level available in PDFs on their website, elections.eg. As we remember from Judge Farouk Sultan's interminable speech on June 25 just before announcing the official election result, the SPEC made many adjustments to the unofficial counts released on June 18, the day after polls closed. However, these adjustments represent a very small fraction of one percent of the votes cast. The fact that the Muslim Brotherhood count from June 18 and the official state count were so close gives me confidence that, while votes may have been illegitimately influenced by actions outside the polling booth, the polls themselves were relatively fairly conducted. This means this body of data is the first reliable indication ever of Egyptians' preferences over a very stark binary choice for the direction of the state: Islamism or “Feloul” (old-regime) revanchism. Obviously, many Egyptians went out to vote AGAINST either choice, but the geographical distribution of the result shows very strong regional tendencies, raising interesting questions about voters' overall motives.
I have made some compromises to portray the massive amount of information on this map. This copy emphasizes the color patterns for quick reference, without place names.
Download the FULL SIZE MAP (6400 by 6400 pixels) with district number labels. The link is to a larger but still compressed preview on Google Drive. In the upper left corner, click “File” and choose “Download” to obtain the 3.4 MB file.
Then consult the FULL MAP DATA I compiled on a Google spreadsheet. It connects the number labels to the English and Arabic names of each district, but it also has all the votes, percentages, etc.
A brief note about the maps. The main borders are accurate to scale, but I have made some shortcuts and estimations in markaz and qism boundaries, especially for the smaller urban areas, so the map should not be considered official or error-free. I assembled the map by comparing several different sources. The official Governorate websites infrequently have geographically accurate maps of the qism and markaz divisions. I obtained the most reliable information from a series of government population density maps that I discovered used at different websites (here is an example). I also wanted the map only to show inhabited areas, so as a last step, I checked satellite images to create up-to-date boundaries for marshes, desert and satellite cities. As a quick reference: here are the major governorates and cities indicated on a simpler map.
I chose to make a map with these dimensions because it fit the greatest population into the smallest area, allowing a map with significant numbers at a reasonable image resolution. Here is my original Mursi map of the full country at the governorate level. Of the 25 million votes cast in the election, 19 million were within the boundaries of this new map. Shafiq did much better within the area of this map than outside it. Of the votes on the map, Shafiq took 9.9 million and Mursi only 9 million. In Upper Egypt (south of Cairo) and the desert governorates, Mursi took 4 million votes and Shafiq only 2.4 million.
The map is an extension of my previous effort that focused on the core of Cairo Governorate. The patterns I mentioned in that post are just as plain here, especially with the satellite cities of Al-Shaykh Zayed and 6th of October in Giza (173-175), and “New Cairo” or Al-Tagammuʿ Al-Khamis (220-222) in view. Even though one assumes a strong class effect in the vote — the lower and working classes for Mursi and the middle and upper classes for Shafiq — those of all classes who continue to live in the core of the city (and secular-European culture oriented Heliopolis) voted overwhelmingly for Shafiq, while voters living in these suburbs, many of which are upscale, rarely went more than 55% for Shafiq and frequently preferred Mursi. As with the formerly exclusive Al-Maʿadi, many unplanned slums live side by side with wealthy new gated communities in the urban periphery, meaning the electoral districts may reflect a mix of socioeconomic classes. President Morsi lives in a McMansion in New Cairo.
The relation between class, space and voting preference seems a little more clear-cut in Alexandria. The original core of the city (193-196) slightly prefers Shafiq, but nowhere near as much as Cairo. The entire strand from downtown Alexandria to Muntazah (186-187), a high rent district with ocean views, voted far less for Mursi than anywhere inland, where they received 65% and higher support nearly everywhere.
Taking in the Delta as a whole, the most striking feature is the uniformity of support for Shafiq in Al-Menoufiya. Except for Shibin el-Kom (37) and Markaz al-Shuhada (ironic?, 43), and Sadat City (48), industrial development land on the west side of the Nile, Shafiq received higher than 70% of the vote everywhere in this governorate. They were only this popular outside Al-Menoufiya in Cairo and a small city, Al-Kurdi (76), in Al-Daqhaliya (I don't know why they were so popular there, but here's a story in Arabic about a bunch of ex-NDP parliamentarians having a party in Shafiq's honor with pictures). This monolithic slab of dark blue tends to make me suspicious that the Shafiq voting machine not only used aggressive tactics in Al-Menoufiya, but uniquely aggressive tactics. This could have included corruption at the higher levels of the governorate executive bureaucracy. More likely, it was ex-NDP patronage channels that encourage voters to come out for immediate or deferred rewards. Let's hope they took the immediate rewards.
The second and more significant visual pattern on the map is the general contiguity between areas. There are concentric bands of similar voting behavior radiating out from Al-Menoufiya: 60-65% for Shafiq in southern Al-Gharbiya and Al-Daqhaliya, 55-60% in the rest of Al-Gharbiya, southern Al-Sharqiya and much of Al-Qalyoubiya. Shafiq support then drops off rapidly, with some exceptions. But this pattern is not merely geometric. I kept looking at this map and thinking I'd seen it somewhere before. I slowly realized that it looks very similar to historical maps of agricultural land reclamation. To confirm this hunch, I took my map template and laid out a simple land reclamation map with similar colors to the electoral map:
This map is an overlay of a few old maps and current satellite images showing the extent of cultivation in the delta from 1882 to the present. View the larger size here. Rich river delta soil has high agricultural potential, but deltas are naturally chaotic environments, prone to flooding and shifts in the course of tributaries that make rigorous irrigation a prerequisite to getting long term value out of them. The Nile historically received a huge flood in late summer because of rain patters in Sudan, Ethiopia, Uganda, etc. The rhythm of this flood promotes the growth of large marshes and shallow brackish lakes behind barrier islands at the coasts. Moreover, even small variations in topography can make raising enough water to feed areas outside the flood plain (in this case, the desert) difficult when there is an irregular supply of water. Through its long history, Egypt's irrigation network has waxed and waned. Maintaining canals that filled with silt during the flood required a strong state bureaucracy to manage the huge labor requirement. In the 17th and 18th centuries, slackening Ottoman power in Egypt meant the irrigation bureaucracy was weak. The blue area on the map (1882) mostly reflects the natural flood plain with good drainage, which tapers down along the two branches of the Nile to Rosetta in the west and Damietta in the east.
The major public works project of Muhammad ʿAli Pasha's reign as Governor of Egypt was the Mahmoudiya canal (completed 1820), built to bring fresh water to Alexandria and irrigate Al-Beheira. This land is indicated in the blue spur to the west on the map. Their successors invested heavily in canals and dams to improve the flow of water during the early summer to promote cotton cash cropping. Muhammad ʿAli's son, Saʿid, built (or properly, re-excavated) a fresh water canal (1863) to the east to supply the cities along the more famous Suez Canal; Saʿid's successor Ismaʿil put their own name on it, and the city at the midpoint of the Suez Canal, when they became Khedive. This water was eventually used to irrigate large areas in the east (the green and yellow spur). When the British ran Egypt (1882-1923), they imposed a regime of fiscal austerity with almost all surplus state revenues committed to the improvement of public works to promote land investment and reclamation. The British finished the Nile Barrages (1891) at the fork of the Nile just north of Cairo and the first Aswan Dam (1902), which allowed an even higher water level in May and correspondingly higher cotton cultivation. But they also, less spectacularly, improved the system of drainage across the country. Irrigation is not as simple as dumping water on plants. There needs to be a constant flow of water, especially under hot conditions. Stagnant water will evaporate, leaving harmful salts and minerals on the soil. Like a house or a city, irrigated land requires two sets of canals, one for fresh and the other for used water.
Drainage projects also allowed land investors during the colonial period to start claiming large areas of new land from the marshes of Lakes Mariout and Idku in the west, Lake Burullus in the north and Lake Manzala in the east. Massive engineering works were fewer during the politically chaotic interwar period, but President Nasser (1954-1970) brought back land reclamation and its distribution to the small peasantry as one of the keystones of their economic and social policies, with the full power of the state to get the job done. The jewel in the crown, of course, is the High Aswan Dam, which took their entire administration to finish. It ended the seasonal flood altogether, allowing an even supply of water across the year, spreading perennial agriculture to most arable land in the country. Without the flood, draining the marshes also became much easier. In the years since, the state and land investors have pushed further into the desert of the southwest and southeast, with somewhat tenuous results. Anyone riding a bus from Cairo to Alexandria can observe the somewhat scorched-looking meager trees and crops growing just east of the desert highway and wonder how someone is profiting from that land.
So how does this bear on elections? Life, and the state, have not been as friendly to the peasants who have lived and worked on reclaimed land. Because of the large investment involved to make the land, the peasants who have moved to these places have mostly been tenants or wage laborers on private estates of the wealthy. When they have been given title to the land, like during the Nasser era, the land quality has not been great because of a lack of investment in drainage. As an example, Al-Beheira is a province mostly reclaimed in the past 200 years (in the comparison image below). The first land that Muhammad ʿAli created in this area they gave as huge plantations to members of their family. During the British occupation, large investment companies focused on reclaiming more land, and the existing royal lands were sold off to European investors and the Egyptian haute bourgeoisie to pay off the state debt. By 1945, only 26% of the land in Al-Beheira was owned by proprietors who owned 10 feddans (about 10 acres) or less, while the land owned by individuals or companies holding 100 feddans or more, i.e. pure rentiers, was 47% of the land. In Al-Menoufiya, by comparison, these figures were 64% (10 feddans or less) and 10% (100 feddans or more).
Despite the 1952 Land Reform Law, these patterns have remained firmly entrenched in these places to the present. The law outlawed personal holdings of more than 200 feddans of land, although many wealthy families got around this provision by distributing the deeds among elderly aunts, etc. More than 100,000 landless peasant families did receive small parcels of two to five feddans, but this was only a small proportion of the overall landless population. Others benefited from minimum wage and rent control rules. But the major winners were rich middling peasants (much more prevalent in Al-Menoufiya) who already owned land and acquired much more from the Pashas who sold off their land in fire sales, and milked the Nasserist cooperatives for cheap seed and fertilizer.
In the last 20 years, Mubarak quietly retired or canceled many of the reform laws. The Guardian covered this succinctly at the beginning of the revolution. Since that time, the news has been filled with landlords increasing rent threefold and even pre-1952 owners suing peasants who received title to their land under land reform to get their land back. In cases the peasants resist, they send in thugs to seal the deal.
While all of this doesn't explain why a landless peasant would necessarily be a pious Muslim or want an Islamist government, it does explain why they would want to vote against an elitist ex-regime minister who curried favor with their landlord. The reclaimed land-Muslim Brotherhood pattern doesn't hold everywhere. For example, in the South district of Port Said governorate (155), where the newest reclaimed land in the country is being rolled out of Lake Manzala in parallel strips, Shafiq took 66% (out of only 8500 votes).
This map provokes many more questions, so I encourage comments below. I have licensed the maps under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Please share!
Advertisements
GETTY The euro needs to change, according to a top economist
Joseph Stiglitz said the decision to adopt the euro in 1992 without the institutions which would make it work was "fatal". They said leaders dreamed up the idea without a proper understanding of what a monetary union meant. In an explosive new book, How To Save The Euro, the economist provides a scathing review of the bloc's current set-up. Europe was not designed to deal with the differing economies of members, while its bureaucracy holds back growth, employment and stability, according to Stiglitz.
GETTY 'The single currency doesn't work in its current form'
They said the rules, regulations and institutions are to blame for the multiple crises emerging from Europe since its inception. Large parts of the bloc face a 'lost decade' where capita is lower now than it was before the crisis, blasted Stiglitz. They added even Europe's so-called successes are actually colossal failures. For example, Spain's unemployment rate has fallen from 26 per cent in 2013, to 20 percent at the beginning of 2016 - but nearly one out of every two people are unemployed. In an excerpt from the book published by Vanity Fair, Stiglitz writes: "The mark of a well-functioning economy is rapid growth, the benefits of which are shared widely, with low unemployment. "What has occurred in Europe is the opposite." They added: "Germany and others have sought to blame the victims - countries that suffered as a result of the flawed policies and the flawed structure of the eurozone."
Stiglitz said when faced with economic crisis, bureaucrats have often made the wrong - and sometimes completely baffling - decisions. Amid the Greek debt disaster, for example, policymakers should have encouraged citizens to consume local foods to provide a boost to domestic suppliers, said the economist. Instead, Athens "was ordered to change milk labelling, so 11-day-old produce from northern Europe could still be called ‘fresh' and undercut Greek producers”. In the book, Stiglitz called for a rescue plan in the shape of a new 'flexible euro' with each member country adopting their own version of the currency. A single currency designed to hold together a region with enormous economic and political diversity is almost incapable of working, according to the economist. They wrote: "A small country in Europe could, for instance, be in a recession when the rest of Europe is doing well." The situation Stiglitz outlines can be seen in Greece, which has faced a devastating depression, while Germany has been performing relatively well. They said: "It was not simply that the eurozone was not structured to accommodate Europe's economic diversity; it was that the structure of the eurozone, its rules and regulations, were not designed to promote growth, employment, and stability."
Brexit aftershocks: Who's next to leave the EU? Wed, September 14, 2016 Britain has voted to leave the EU. So who's next? We look at which European countries want to hold their own EU referendum. Play slideshow Express 1 of 10 Frexit, Nexit or Auxit? Who will be next to leave the EU
On March 2, 1982 distraught and filled with self-hate over their inability to stop masturbating, Kip Eliason, age 16,committed suicide. Before asphyxiating himself, Kip left their father a note:
“Dear Dad, I love you more than what words can say. If it were possible, I would stay alive for only you, for I really only have you. But it isn't possible. I must first love myself, and I do not. The strange feeling of darkness and self-hate overpowers all my defenses. I must unfortunately yield to it. This turbulent feeling is only for a few to truly understand. I feel that you do not comprehend the immense feeling of self-hatred I have. This is the only way I feel that I can relieve myself of these feelings now. Carry on with your life and be happy. I love you more than words can say.—Your son, Kip”
You can read the whole story HERE. (The information above is courtesy of Jonathan Streeter.)
Shaming Our Children to Death
This is the most devastating outcome of youth masturbation interviews. Kip's story is a crushing tragedy.
Recently, a mother shared this short and shocking statement regarding masturbation interviews, “My stepson ended their lives because of this!!”
Don't let this happen to your child!!!
Suicide Attempt #1
A couple of months ago, a friend of mine accompanied a close friend to pick up their son at the airport. They had been sent home early from their full-time mission. Why? Multiple…suicide…attempts. The last one was nearly fatal.
Why was this young Elder so distraught? Masturbation. They were not able to eradicate it. Heaps of shame and guilt had brought them to the brink of death.
How tragic. How long will it take for this kid to overcome the shame that was totally unnecessary? This natural and normal practice was not the sin. The sin rests squarely on the hands of the shaming church.
Suicide Attempt #2
A new friend shared this experience.
“Eleven years ago next month, I was standing in the dark of Butterfield canyon, having hiked up a trail a way at 2:00 am. I could no longer go on. I took a .40 Sig-Sauer with me intending to end it there. I got a phone call while standing there nerving up to pull the trigger. It saved my life. I came to a decision that day, that the church would no longer be part of my life. Why was I there? Because of 30 years of shame of Masturbation.
Suicide Attempt #3
This story is from the son of one of my best friends in the Mormon Church.
“My son tried to kill themselves over a masturbation interview at age 16. The interview took place years earlier. It was at a young age and sent my child on a self loathing path, they felt worthlessness, graduated to depression and made attempts on their life. The bishop probably has no clue that their actions damaged a sweet soul who made a minor mistake and tried to kill himself. You can see the shame they put on my son as a young man that drove them from happy young man to ending their lives, through the mercy of God they were saved. My youngest son found my middle son with a plastic bag over their head and rubber bands holding it in place. The Lord has blessed me and my posterity as the actions and shame forced on people is wrong.”
Suicide Attempt #4
Petition Comment: “It caused me lots of problems including trying to commit suicide at age 13. They shamed me and it was very uncomfortable and disturbing!”
Suicidality Woman : I was suicidal for years and thought God thought I was dirty Man: These traumatic experiences cast a shadow over my entire adolescence and marred my church experience. All of us young men knew that these “worthiness interviews” served one main purpose: to ascertain if we were looking at porn and/or masturbating. Being required to discuss my body so vulnerably every six months with an authoritative man induced fear and shame in me that I am still trying to shake off 20 years later. Even though my bishops were kind men, I feared them and would do anything to avoid them. The feelings of depression, suicidality, and self-loathing caused by these interviews are real. Minors are not matured enough to be able to give consent to be questioned about something so invasive and personal. IT IS PSYCHOLOGICAL, EMOTIONAL, AND SEXUAL ABUSE. Unfortunately when I was young, nobody protected me. But now as a recovering adult, I will do anything I can to help end this inappropriate abuse. Man: This practice destroyed my self-esteem, caused me to experience nearly relentless anxiety from age 8 on and led me to take desperate actions to “fix” myself of normal adolescent behavior deemed to be amoral. This extreme and relentless psychological distress eventually royally messed up the trajectory of my life as I took desperate measures to avoid additional ecclesiastical punishment. This must be stopped before any other child goes through this simply because they are honest. Woman: I was suicidal as a teen because of the over emphasis on masturbation as a wrong thing. I also made other poor decisions because I felt unworthy and that it didn't matter what I did because I was already unworthy. There was a great deal of self loathing. I still can't look at my face in the mirror without hating what I see because I used to look at myself after I masturbated and think how ugly I looked without the spirit and how I would have to tell my bishop that I had slipped up again. That should never have happened. Man: I was asked about my masturbation habits by Mormon ecclesiastical leaders from age 12 until age 35 when I finally resigned my membership. This practice has to stop. Items 2-7, 9, 10 on the list of potential harm all apply to me. That includes attempting suicide. Protect Our Children
Isn't this enough?!! We are literally killing our children with shame and self-loathing.
If you are truly a follower of Christ, stand up and protect our children. Sign the Petition.
If you are a human being who gives a damn about our children…Sign the Petition.
Resources
The Alberta government rejected a request from the province's child and youth advocate to restore funding they say they need to investigate the deaths of children in provincial care.
Del Graff appeared in person in front of a legislature committee Tuesday morning to plead that $275,000 be restored to their budget.
The money was cut as part of efforts by the province to deal with the drop in oil prices that has left a $7 billion hole in the Alberta budget.
The committee voted to reject Graff's request.
At the same meeting, the committee voted to return $546,000 to the auditor general, who audits government departments and agencies.
Afterwards, Progressive Conservative MLA Genia Leskiw was asked by reporters why there is money available for the Auditor General but not the child and youth advocate.
"With the watchdog, they save government money," they said. "They find efficiencies and they keep the various government agencies accountable for their spending."
They said they don't believe the advocate's office "sharpened their pencils as sharp as they could have."
NDPMLA David Eggen called Leskiw's comments "appalling."
They pointed out that the legislature recently told the advocate to expand its mandate.
In a statement emailed to CBC News, Graff did not directly respond to Leskiw's comments.
"What we really need to focus on now is doing the best job we can to manage within the resources that have been approved by the Committee," they wrote.
President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton embarked on a joint campaign visit to Charlotte, North Carolina aboard Air Force One — on the same day that FBI director James Comey announced they would not recommend prosecuting Clinton for mishandling classified emails.
The joint appearance is only the latest in a string of curious coincidences as the FBI neared its conclusions, including a secret meeting between former president Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch last Tuesday.
Earlier in the day, Comey announced that despite “evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information,” including evidence that Clinton and their team were “extremely careless,” they would not recommend that Clinton be prosecuted because, they said, the FBI had not uncovered sufficient evidence of intent to convince a reasonable prosecutor to pursue the charges.
While arguing for “transparency,” and laying out a convincing case against Clinton, Comey did not say exactly how they had arrived at a conclusion that Clinton's intent had ben insufficient to rise to the criminal standard. No information was given about what Clinton and their subordinates had told the FBI.
Republican rival Donald Trump, who reacted to the FBI's announcement by reiterating that the system is “rigged,” earlier raised questions about Clinton's use of Air Force One for campaign travel, and who will pay for it.
While the Clinton camp will partially reimburse taxpayers for the use of the president's official jet, the use of a highly visible and valuable public asset for the benefit of one campaign alone raises acute questions about fairness.
Trump is also appearing in North Carolina on Tuesday, in Raleigh.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. Their new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for pre-order through Amazon. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
The Springboks believe they have what it takes to ground the unstoppable juggernaut that is the All Blacks, reports JON CARDINELLI in London.
How good are the All Blacks? The numbers tell a story. The All Blacks have won 47 of their last 52 Tests. They've won three Rugby Championship titles over the past four years. This is the greatest Test side the game has ever seen.
But the All Blacks are not unbeatable. Again, the numbers confirm as much. They've lost three matches over the past four years. Significantly, one of those defeats came against their opponents for this week's World Cup semi-final, the Boks.
The Boks appear to be confident about their chances. Jannie du Plessis, one of the Boks' senior players, was in a particularly upbeat mood when facing the media on Monday.
While there is a healthy respect between these two teams, the Boks hold no fear for the All Blacks. The Boks refuse to buy into the idea that this All Blacks side is invincible and destined to win the 2015 World Cup.
‘I grew up watching the All Blacks,' said Du Plessis. ‘When I received my first chance to play against them, I considered it a massive privilege. It was even a bit surreal. However, while it's always great to play against them, it would be even better to beat them [this Saturday].
‘We got back to our hotel late on Saturday night, and caught the last 30 minutes of that game [between France and the All Blacks]. The All Blacks didn't just stick the knife into the French, they twisted it as well. The French felt the full wrath of an awesome All Blacks performance.'
Heyneke Meyer's Boks and Steve Hansen's All Blacks have enjoyed many great contests over the past four years. As Bok defence coach John McFarland reiterated on Monday, most of these Tests have been decided by one game-breaking play.
The Boks won't be afraid to strive for that special play this Saturday in an attempt to unlock the All Blacks defence. While the Boks will stick to their game plan, they will take a few risks if the situation allows.
‘I remember reading somewhere that studies were done on Indy Car drivers. The drivers were constantly thinking about not crashing into the wall, and so they crashed into the wall,' said Du Plessis.
‘We can't think about failing or making mistakes. We've got to focus on doing what we do best and where we want to end up.'
Photo: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images
Following the ruling that New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady would be suspended for 4 game and that the team would lose first and fourth round draft picks because of the actions involved in Deflategate, the Patriots did the one thing that you often see in kids that are getting in trouble: they pointed the finger at someone else.
That's exactly what happened in the letter that the Patriots shipped to the NFL and Ted Wells in rebuttal of the decision made on Deflategate. Instead of describing why their actions weren't worthy of the hefty punishment, they instead accused teams like the Colts, Jaguars, Panthers and even the Minnesota Vikings of tampering with footballs in the past and not getting the same kind of punishment.
Here is the excerpt of that letter taken from an article on the Pro Football Talk website:
“The Patriots also supplied information to Mr. Wells about a prior reported incident of actual ball tampering which took place during a Vikings-Panthers game in 2014. Evidence was also provided that Indianapolis ball boys, in a prior season, had been seen by Jacksonville personnel with ball needles hidden under their long sleeves,” the Patriots' letter says.
However, in another article on Pro Football Talk, Mike Florio detailed the events that happened in Minnesota and cleared the Vikings of any kind of tampering. According to their sources within the league with knowledge of the situation, the Minnesota Vikings weren't even using the heaters to warm footballs on the sidelines.
Here is what Florio wrote in that piece:
“It happened in Minnesota, with the Panthers and Vikings both warned at halftime about not using sideline heaters to warm footballs on a 12-degree day. All other teams received a reminder the next day. Reports at the time from NFL.com and ESPN.com strongly suggested that both teams were warned because both teams were doing it. The truth, per a league source with knowledge of the situation, is that the Vikings weren't. The confusion apparently came from accounts that it was happening on the Vikings sidelines, and from the fact that both teams were warned about it.”
It's similar to little kids on the playground on school. If one child gets in trouble, they'll rat on the other ones to try to make what they did seem less horrible instead of taking responsibility for what they did and owning up to the punishment. While it is a good effort for the Patriots to try to defect from the high-profile tampering that they were caught doing, New England instead looks like a team that is doing anything they can to get out of their punishment, even if it means grasping at straws.
But even the fact that the Minnesota Vikings were brought into something like this shouldn't be any real surprise to fans of the team. The way things have been going, I don't think anyone could be surprised at anything that happens involving this team anymore.
AN action plan to tackle violence against women in Scotland will be expanded with more than £1 million extra funding.
The Equally Safe strategy includes measures to teach school children the importance of consent and healthy relationships.
The funding will support Rape Crisis Scotland‘s sexual violence prevention education programme to be rolled out across a further 11 local authorities.
The plan also includes an accreditation scheme for employers who are taking action to eliminate violence and sexual harassment in the workplace.
Equalities Secretary Angela Constance said: “The work carried out by schools is vital if we are to change attitudes and behaviour for the future and the additional funding to expand Rape Crisis's sexual violence prevention programme is a key part of this.
“It's also important that there is a focus on the workplace – we know that while there are pockets of good practice, employers can do more to protect their staff from harassment and violence and deliver supportive services to victims of violence.
“The development of an accreditation scheme will help drive change in this area.”
Sandy Brindley of Rape Crisis Scotland said: “In the past few years, overall levels of crime in Scotland have gone down, so it should be of concern to us all that sexual crimes – much of which is directed at girls and young women – have continued to rise to record levels.
“Over the past four years we've worked with over 36,000 young people, providing space for discussions around consent and healthy relationships to support young people to navigate these situations in their own lives.
“If we are serious about ending sexual violence and harassment in Scotland then prevention work, especially with young people, is key.”
Councilor Kelly Parry of council body Cosla, which jointly published the delivery plan with the Scottish Government, said: “The Equally Safe strategy is the cornerstone of Scotland's efforts to eradicate violence against women and girls and this delivery plan shows the ambition and commitment of councils and the Scottish Government.”
www.rapecrisisscotland.org.uk
HOUSTON (AP) — Houston Texans players are being advised by the team not to leave the hotel and not to order room service during their trip to Mexico City for Monday night's game against the Oakland Raiders.
The game is part of the NFL's international series and the first NFL game in Mexico City since 2005.
The Associated Press obtained a memo distributed to the team on Wednesday that included a page of information concerning the trip to Mexico, including those two rules.
A section of the memo under the heading "safety" had a bullet point with: "DO NOT leave the hotel." It was followed by a line advising players to leave all "expensive jewelry at home," not to bring large sums of money and not to use ATMs.
Photos: Texans Cheerleaders keep spirits high on 'Salute to Service' day
A second section titled "health and performance" has basic tips like drinking only bottled water and avoiding the consumption of ice. It also warned: "Eat all meals in the meal room. DO NOT order room service" and "DO NOT eat outside of the team meal room."
Sign-up for the #HTown Rush Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the #HTownRush Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
The precautions the Texans have provided players are not uncommon for any foreigners traveling to Mexico. Executives visiting the city for business are often given the same warnings from their companies to avoid leaving their hotels without security.
The rule about room service could be related to a memo the NFL sent to its players earlier this year warning that some meat produced in China and Mexico may be contaminated with clenbuterol, a banned steroid. That memo, sent by the league office, said that consuming large quantities of meat while visiting those countries may result in a positive test for clenbuterol. The memo told the players to "please take caution if you decide to consume meat, and understand that you do so at your own risk."
Clenbuterol has been banned in Mexico as a growth enhancer for cattle but is suspected to still be in use there.
The Raiders did not receive such a memo, but several players said they would not eat room service while in Mexico.
"I always bring my own food anyway," Oakland defensive tackle Dan Williams said. "I'm on a strict diet so I have to watch what I eat. No room service for me. I can't afford to sneak and cheat."
An amateur Australian astronomer has recorded rare flashes of space lightning in the skies above New South Wales.
David Finlay, 44, from Kiama in Australia's south western state, captured the phenomenon, known as sprites, while out stargazing near their home Tuesday.
"I set my camera up, and literally within minutes – almost no time at all – I started to see the sprites flashing on the horizon,” Finlay told the West Australian.
"I couldn't believe it. I thought I would be lucky to capture one or two, which would have been fantastic, but they just kept happening.”
Sprites are caused by electrical discharge during storms but rather than going towards the ground, they travel up into space instead. The phenomenon, which is sometimes referred to as “upside down lightning” was striking at the same height in that meteors burn up in the atmosphere.
Finlay believes it might be the first time the sprites has been captured from the ground on video in Australia, adding: “I don't think anyone has ever captured so many at once in any one go anywhere.”
READ MORE: Tornado tears through Hamburg after extreme heat wave (PHOTOS, VIDEOS)
PARIS (Reuters) - The leaders of France and Germany agreed a master plan involving treaty change on Monday to impose budget discipline across the euro zone as a top rating agency piled on pressure for a rapid solution to the EU debt crisis.
Standard & Poor's said it had told 15 of the 17 euro zone countries, including Germany, France and four others with the top AAA credit rating, that it might downgrade them en masse within 90 days, depending on the outcome of a crucial EU summit on Friday.
President Nicolas Sarkozy and Chancellor Angela Merkel said their proposal included automatic penalties for governments that fail to keep their deficits under control, and an early launch of a permanent bailout fund for euro states in distress.
They said they wanted treaty change to be agreed in March and ratified after France wraps up presidential and legislative elections in June. “We need to go fast,” Sarkozy said.
Italy, the biggest euro zone nation in trouble, offered a glimmer of hope that the bloc could halt a crisis that is threatening the survival of the common currency. Its borrowing costs tumbled after its new technocrat government announced an austerity program.
French Finance Minister Francois Baroin said S&P's move did not take into account Sarkozy and Merkel's announcement.
After about two hours of talks with Merkel in Paris, Sarkozy told a joint news conference: “What we want ... is to tell the world that in Europe the rule is that we pay back our debts, reduce our deficits, restore growth.”
Merkel added: “This package shows that we are absolutely determined to keep the euro as a stable currency and as an important contributor to European stability.”
Later, the two leaders themselves swiftly responded to S&P's action with a joint statement saying they were united in their determination, along with their European partners, to “take all measures to secure stability in the euro zone.
Confidence that European leaders will come up with a credible plan on Friday to lead the region out of its debt crisis lifted world stocks on Monday, with European shares hitting a five-week high.
Investors and policymakers hope a summit deal on closer euro zone integration, combined with strict deficit reduction moves by heavily indebted states, will induce the European Central Bank to act decisively to stop bond market turbulence spreading.
“This agreement probably will give the ECB the political cover for intervening more actively on a temporary basis,” said Uri Dadush, senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment's International Economics Program in Washington
“The bad news is that this is all temporary. It is difficult to see how a deal like this hangs together without a quid pro quo in terms of some movement towards euro bonds or some form of long-term fiscal support for the countries in trouble.”
LACK OF PROGRESS
S&P told the governments it would conclude its review “as soon as possible” after the summit.
“... systemic stresses in the eurozone have risen in recent weeks to the extent that they now put downward pressure on the credit standing of the eurozone as a whole,” it said in a statement.
It highlighted “continuing disagreements among European policymakers on how to tackle the immediate market confidence crisis and, longer term, how to ensure greater economic, financial, and fiscal convergence among eurozone members.”
It said ratings could be lowered by one notch for Austria, Belgium, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, and by up to two notches for the remaining nine placed under review, including currently AAA-rated France. Cyprus was already on downgrade watch and Greece already has a ‘junk' CC-rating.
S&P also threw into relief the difficulty that euro zone countries face in trying not to strangle growth with so much austerity, saying there was a 40 percent chance that the output of the euro zone as a whole would shrink next year.
Brian Dolan, chief strategist at Forex.Com in Bedminster, New Jersey, said S&P might be “signaling to the EU this is it, that they've got to get something done now.”
“If they are trying to send a message, now is a good time.”
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Interactive timeline: link.reuters.com/rev89r
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Merkel and Sarkozy had already both wanted a system of more coercive discipline for euro zone governments that fail to keep down their budget deficits.
But they had been under unprecedented pressure to see eye to eye in a crisis that has split them on issues such as the role of the European Central Bank in lending to troubled states, and whether the bloc should issue jointly guaranteed euro bonds.
Sarkozy and Merkel said they would send off their plan on Wednesday, in time for Friday's summit, and made clear their determination to drive through an EU treaty change despite objections from some member states.
If countries such as euro outsider Britain blocked a treaty change for the 27 EU members, the euro zone would proceed with an agreement among its 17 states, they said.
Sarkozy said the economic policy mistakes that led to the euro zone crisis must never happen again, accepting that France and Germany, the euro zone's two biggest economies, bore the biggest responsibility for finding a solution.
“In this extremely worrying period and serious crisis, France believes that the alliance and understanding with Germany are of strategic importance,” they said. “Risking a disagreement would be risking the euro zone exploding.”
Several governments, notably Britain, Ireland and the Netherlands, oppose treaty change because it might not win public backing in a referendum.
The British government said the changes proposed by Sarkozy and Merkel did not mean a significant transfer of power to Brussels and would therefore not require a referendum in Britain, which does not use the single currency.
AUTOMATIC SANCTIONS
The revised treaty would permit automatic sanctions against states that breach an existing deficit limit of no more than 3 percent of total economic output, unless a “supermajority” of states voted against the penalty.
That would reverse the current system where a majority of states must vote to launch a disciplinary procedure.
It would also enshrine a budget-balancing rule in national constitutions across the euro zone, although they gave no detail of the proposed wording.
In deference to French concerns about sovereignty, they agreed the European Court of Justice could rule on whether euro zone states had implemented the fiscal rule properly in national law, but would not be able to reject national budgets.
Merkel appeared to have prevailed in their opposition to the issuing of bonds in theory guaranteed jointly by all euro zone countries, but in practice by the bloc's strongest member, Germany. “We reject the idea of euro bonds,” they said.
Sarkozy rallied behind her, saying it would be absurd for France and Germany to cover the debts of countries over whose debt issuance they had no control.
In return, Merkel gave ground on the rules of a future permanent rescue fund for the euro zone, the European Stability Mechanism, which have been cited as a deterrent to investors.
Germany had insisted that explicit clauses be included in all bonds issued from mid-2013 stipulating that private bondholders may have to share the burden of future bailouts.
Instead, the rules will say the ESM will respect standard International Monetary Fund principles and procedures, and that the write-down taken by Greek bondholders is a unique case.
One of the most startling market moves was on Italian bonds as Prime Minister Mario Monti declared that their 30-billion-euro austerity plan had saved their nation from economic disaster.
“Without this package, we think that Italy would have collapsed, that Italy would go into a situation similar to that of Greece,” Monti told a news conference.
Italy's technocrat cabinet approved the combination of tax rises, pension reforms and incentives to boost growth in a three-hour meeting on Sunday.
Markets reacted enthusiastically, with the yield on Italian two-year bonds plunging 85 basis points to 5.78 percent. This was far below yields of over 7 percent last month, a level at which Greece, Ireland and Portugal had to take international bailouts.
But unions immediately called a strike to protest against the “Save Italy” package, while Monti urged the ECB to play its part in the wider drive to restore investors' faith in euro countries' ability to repay their debts.
Ireland unveiled new spending cuts in a tough budget, accounting for nearly 60 percent of next year's 3.8 billion euro fiscal adjustment.
France's President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrive for a joint news conference at the Elysee Palace in Paris December 5, 2011. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Monti said better budget enforcement, an increase in firepower for the existing EFSF bailout fund and involvement of the International Monetary Fund would persuade the ECB to move.
ECB policymakers have been reluctant to buy up debt from distressed euro states, as this would take the pressure off governments to get their finances in order. But ECB chief Mario Draghi has signaled that a euro zone “fiscal compact” could encourage the bank to act more decisively on the crisis.
(Additional reporting by Geert De Clercq, Daniel Flynn, Vicky Buffery, Nicholas Vinocur, John Irish, Paul Taylor and Astrid Wendlandt in Paris, Gavin Jones and Steve Scherer in Rome, Luke Baker and Julien Toyer in Brussels, Michele Kambas in Nicosia, Andreas Rinke and Alexandra Hudson in Berlin and Walter Brandimarte in New York; Writing by David Stamp; Editing by Paul Taylor and Kevin Liffey)
I had a good laugh when I saw the New York Times story last week with the headline: "Members of Jewish Student Group Test Permissible Discussion On Israel."
The piece told of the decision by the Hillel Jewish student society at Swarthmore College to break with the national organization over its ban on discussions of the Middle East that did not tilt toward the Israeli position. It noted that the restrictions faced by Swarthmore students are far from unusual:
At Harvard, the Jewish student group Hillel was barred from co-sponsoring a discussion with a Palestinian student group. At Binghamton University, a Hillel student leader was forced to resign their position after showing a film about Palestinians and inviting the filmmaker's brother to speak. And on many other campuses, Hillel chapters have been instructed to reject collaboration with left-leaning Jewish groups.
In any context other than the Israeli one, the idea of college students testing the limits of "permissible discussion" would be ridiculous. Imagine college students "testing the limits" of debate on abortion, gun control, the death penalty or any other issue. It's inconceivable, at least nowadays. In the United States today, students can freely discuss anything... except Israel. How crazy is that?
That is as likely to change in 2014 as it is likely Members of Congress will criticize the occupation, and for the same reason. College presidents, like other politicians, will not offend fat cat donors. It's that simple. And the Israel issue is only one of hundreds of issues where the guys writing the checks set the policy. Democracy? Not any kind Washington or Lincoln would recognize. But, as conservatives love reminding us, America is exceptional.
The same people who set limits on debate in college are also in the book censoring business. "Pro-Israel" organizations have not only condemned Max Blumenthal's book about the occupation, Goliath: Life and Loathing In Greater Israel, they have tried to ban the author from certain venues. This is nothing new; they have been doing this for decades.
A new twist in the case of Blumenthal came when Alan Dershowitz demanded that Hillary Clinton disassociate themselves from Max Blumenthal's father (a Clinton friend and confidante of long standing) or face the consequences. They said that the elder Blumenthal and Clinton could avert this evil decree if Sidney merely repudiated their own son. (Calling on a parent to repudiate their child marks a new high in the lobby's deviation from Jewish law and tradition but what else is new?).
It's all pretty crazy. And stupid. The same crowd that is working so hard to smother Blumenthal's book has enthusiastically endorsed Ari Shavit's My Promised Land: The Triumph and Tragedy of Israel, helping to push it to the best-seller list. But, guess what, the Shavit book is infinitely more dangerous to the "pro-Israel" line than anything in Blumenthal's book.
Blumenthal depicts the horrors of the occupation in gory (and true) detail. The settlers are like something out of a European Jewish nightmare (armed thugs tormenting their helpless victims). Beyond that they report on racism inside Israel itself, a growing phenomenon as evidenced by Israel's treatment of African migrants. It is sickening to see how easily Israelis have adopted the language and style of American white supremacists.
But Blumenthal is simply not credible, even though the facts are on their side, because the book drips with hatred of Israel. In fact, it concludes with a section called "Exodus Party" which expresses what they clearly hope is Israel's future: its collapse with its people moving to Europe. Moreover Blumenthal is an American who speaks neither Hebrew nor Arabic. Their book, despite the truth it tells about the occupation is easy to ignore, which is what the Israel establishment should have done rather than attempt to ban it. (For the record, I recommend the book for its comprehensive reporting of the occupation but only for that).
Shavit's book, on the other hand, will be devastating to anyone who believes that there is nothing wrong with Israel that ending the occupation won't fix (although the two-state solution would go a long way). Shavit's description of how Israel was created is almost literally nauseating, at least it was for a liberal Zionist like me. They describe exactly how Israeli forces managed to get most Palestinians to leave the country which was through horrific violence.
Anyone who rejects the Palestinian characterization of the liquidation of Palestine as the nakba (catastrophe) won't feel that way after reading Shavit. While the results of the events of 1947-8 were glorious for Jews, they were accomplished by means of unambiguous war crimes including mass killings. And because Shavit is a distinguished Israeli who loves their country, their facts (unlike Blumenthal's) cannot be dismissed. From now on, Palestinian debaters need only cite Ari Shavit when they challenge the absurd myth that the Palestinians left the country after being told to flee by their own leaders. They were driven out. Period.
Either the "pro-Israel" establishment did not read Shavit or they don't much care that they have utterly destroyed much of their hasbara package. After all, they are an Israeli and they do endorse bombing Iran (that chapter seems extraneous). Blumenthal, by their definition, threatens them while Shavit doesn't. Except they have it backwards. The anti-Zionist left is the mirror image of the "pro-Israel" right. They love Blumenthal's book even though it is nothing more than preaching to the choir while Shavit's is the very opposite: opening the eyes of the brain washed.
More and more, I view the self-proclaimed anti-Zionist left as primarily being in the hate business, every bit as much as the "pro-Israel" right. The more virulent the attack on Israel and Israelis, the more enthusiastically they will endorse it. Blumenthal's book is all virulence and so they love it. Shavit's book, like The Crisis of Zionism by Peter Beinart, is infused with love of Israel so they hate it -- even though it advances arguments they, in theory, champion. Hate gets in the way.
I recommend Shavit's book without reservation although I have to admit that it shook me up. I hated reading the truth about 1948. Anyone who cares about Israel will but it's necessary. Until we understand what happened then, we will not understand why Palestinians seem so inflexible on such issues as refugee return. The '48 refugees are not returning to Israel. But it would go far toward peace for Israel to at least admit that it caused the nakba, and it did so intentionally. Maybe then the two sides can get beyond fairly ancient history and do what must be done now to preserve Israel and what is left of Palestine: establish two states for two peoples. Denial of the nakba by Israel, and by Palestinians of Israel's legitimacy now can only lead to further catastrophe.
There was a time when winning the Associated Press Player of the Year guaranteed a prospect a short wait to hear their name called on draft night. Since the award was first handed out in 1961, 51 college basketball players have received the award. Twenty of those players eventually were drafted first overall, while 11 more were selected second or third overall (Jerry Lucas and Bill Bradley were territorial picks in the early 60s). In fact, only seven of the 50 award winners have been selected outside the top 10, with all but two going in the lottery.
Advancements in medical history, statistics and athletic testing have created a shift in the thought that success in college more accurately predicts professional prosperity. With more readily accessible information to analyze, critique and compare players, the award is no longer the same badge of honor once the pre-draft process begins. Five of the last six winners have been drafted outside the top 8; before that it happened six times in the past 50 years.
This year's winner, Frank Mason III, will add to that trend. The Kansas point guard ran away with the award after averaging 20.9 points and 5.2 assists for a 31-5 Jayhawks team that advanced to the Elite Eight. Mason will go down in Kansas basketball lore, but he'll have their work cut out for them to join the ranks of Jayhawks to succeed at the next level.
Mason measured 5-foot-11 without shoes at the NBA Draft Combine on Thursday, second shortest among the 66 players in attendance. They also had the third shortest wingspan. Such is life in the NBA, but combining those measurements with their 22-year-old body mean more to franchises than the award they won earlier in the year. The same award players such as Lew Alcindor, Shaquille O'Neal, Anthony Davis, Larry Bird, Tim Duncan and David Robinson won.
But Mason, a top-100 recruit out of Virginia four years ago, knew none of their high school accomplishments mattered when they arrived in Lawrence as a first-year student in the same class as Andrew Wiggins and Joel Embiid.
“I think each level of my life has been the same way. Coming from high school none of that had mattered going into college,” they said. “Now it's college going into the professional. So I think at each level I handled it pretty well and I'm excited about everything.”
Where Mason lacks in size they make up for as a poised floor general timely playmaker. They showed as much in their final season at Kansas, and also saw their shooting percentages six points from the floor and nearly nine from beyond the arc. Those tools were on display during the 5-on-5 portion of the combine. Mason finished with eight points and four assists in 22 minutes, finishing a +8 and one of just two players in the game to not log a turnover.
Their defense was stout, though they were matched up against Iowa State's Monte Morris, the fifth shortest prospect at the combine (6'1.25”). They said “the most important thing” was showing teams in attendance that they can defend, and in that regard they succeeded on Thursday.
They were also a pleasant surprise with a 41-inch max vertical, the third highest recorded jump on Thursday. Built more like a running back than a point guard, Mason weighed in at 189 pounds with 4.3 percent body fat.
He's built similarly to Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas. And while the easy comparison to any undersized point guard will always be the Celtics point guard, Mason said he's watched more than 2,500 clips of Thomas during the pre-draft process.
“I'm very impressed with them and at their height he's doing some unbelievable things and he's just paving the way for smaller guys,” Mason said. “I never want to compare myself to anyone but Isaiah's a great player. We're different. I guess we're both really short and get the job done."
That's what Mason will attempt to prove over the next month in interviews and workouts. There's a chance a team drafting at the end of the first round will see Mason as a reliable sparkplug on a second unit. They may become the first AP Player of the Year not drafted in the first round. They could have a similar career path to the latest AP Player of the Year ever drafed, Jameer Nelson, who has carved out a 13-year NBA career after going No. 20 in 2004.
Wherever they land, Mason has shown enough that their game will stand on its own, collegiate accolades or not.
“As far as basketball and stepping on the court, it's something I've done all my life so I'm very confident when I step on the court,” they said. “I just show them what I can do.”
A man was stabbed to death Saturday on a train on the Metro Red Line, the D.C. police said.
They said the man was stabbed about 12:50 p.m. in the NoMa-Gallaudet Station, which is in the 200 block of Florida Avenue NE.
Police said the victim was a 24-year-old man from Northeast Washington.
In a statement late Saturday the police said nothing about a motive in the incident. However earlier in the day they said the stabbing may have occurred during a robbery.
The Fourth of July stabbing prompted Metro to close the station for part of the day and begin shuttling passengers by bus to other stations, creating headaches for those trying to reach the Mall for holiday celebrations.
The Red Line was single-tracking trains and skipping the stop at NoMa-Gallaudet. The station reopened Saturday evening. It is about a half mile northeast of Union Station.
"Busy Road" - that's the title for this painting.
It's not such a great title. If you have any other ideas for a title please share them.
This road is very close to where I live and so I am very familiar with it.
I find the perspective dramatic, especially at evening time and have painted it many times.​
Any comments would be welcome.
​God bless you, Gareth.
You can see more of my paintings of city scenes on this pinterest board.
​This original painting (unframed) is available to buy for just $120 - shipping included. ($110 if you live in Japan). The size of the painting is 12.5" x 16" (31.8 x 41 cm). Please include the number of the painting found in the caption below the painting and your name and address.
As America looks back on this 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, the war in Iraq looms large — and usually not in a good way. At best, it's regarded as a distraction, a needless conflict that took America's focus away from Afghanistan and al-Qaeda. At worst, the Iraq war is decried as a fiasco, the United States' “greatest strategic disaster,” as retired Gen. William Odom, the former National Security Agency director, once put it.
There is no question that Iraq, as it stands today, has fallen short of American — and Iraqi — hopes and expectations. And there is no question that the costs of the war, for both sides, have been greater than anticipated. Even so, Iraq's achievements — including the establishment of representative institutions against all odds — are hardly minor. The country could still become mired in a civil conflict that destabilizes the region. But it is equally or even more conceivable that, with relatively small amounts of continued U.S. support, the greatest strategic benefits of the Iraq intervention will materialize in the next several years. And these benefits would more than justify an ongoing U.S. military presence there.
This belief about Iraq's strategic potential is not based on the naivete that underpinned many optimistic assessments before the war, and it is rooted in firmer ground than the desperate hopes of someone, like me, who has devoted much of the past decade to U.S. efforts in Iraq. While by no means inevitable, there are at least three ways in which Iraq has only just begun to show its strategic value.
First, Iraq can offer a great deal toward ensuring that the nascent transitions from dictatorships to more accountable governance in the region succeed over the long term. Egyptians, Tunisians, Libyans — and perhaps eventually Syrians and Yemenis — have an advantage over Iraqis in the sense that they carry none of the baggage that comes with having a regime removed by the armed forces of an external power. But they will face many of the same challenges tackled by the Iraqis over the past eight years: how to hold members of the former regime accountable without stripping society of the expertise needed to rebuild the country; how to manage a political transition amid competing pressures for both quick results and inclusive processes; and how to deal with elements of the former regime determined to unseat the new order.
For sure, Iraqis — and we Americans — did not meet these challenges without mistakes and missteps. But Iraq's lessons can help other countries of the Arab world make smoother, more successful transitions. Even before the Arab Spring, Arab intellectuals had begun looking to Iraq's experience to gain insights into their own challenges.
Second, Iraq, perhaps paradoxically, is now one of the Middle Eastern countries best positioned to maintain ties with the West and with the United States in particular — no small matter in a region where U.S. strategic allies have almost literally disappeared overnight. The eight years since the ouster of Saddam Hussein have been traumatic both to Iraqis and Americans. But at the same time, the shared experience has built relationships and sympathies between the two populations that run deep. Even Americans who lament the U.S. intervention in Iraq must realize that their country made a large investment there and that there are benefits to some sort of ongoing relationship.
The Iraqi view of the United States is more complex. Even while there is real resentment, in private many Iraqi officials recognize that a continued relationship is important to the future stability and prosperity of their country. This mutual understanding is enshrined in the Strategic Framework Agreement of 2008, which pledges robust, nonmilitary cooperation between the two nations for the long term. A close U.S.-Iraqi relationship may be an important asset as other countries in the region draw further away from the United States, rejecting the policies of their former authoritarian, but pro-American, regimes.
Finally, and most compelling, there is the role that Iraq may play in averting a major global energy crisis in the coming years. The world economic recession eased pressure on global oil supplies and provided relief from the climbing energy prices of 2007 and 2008. But a quiet trend of 2010 was that growth in global oil consumption grew at the second-fastest rate ever, 2.8 percent, while growth in global crude oil production lagged behind at 2.5 percent. If demand continues to outgrow supply, it will be only a few short years before global spare capacity of oil — one of the indicators most closely tied to prices — gets dangerously low, and jittery markets push prices up and up. Assuming the world escapes another dip in economic growth, this outcome would probably materialize even without any additional geopolitical hiccups, such as political unrest in Saudi Arabia or a military confrontation with Iran.
Iraq is one of a very small number of countries that could bring oil online fast enough to help the world meet this growing demand at a reasonable price. In fact, major energy institutions and international oil companies are already assuming that Iraq will significantly increase its oil production in the coming decade. The International Energy Agency expects Iraq to nearly double its production in the next decade, from roughly 2.5 million barrels per day to 4.8 million barrels per day; BP's 2030 global assessments are based on similar assumptions.
Such assessments are not pie in the sky. Yes, the claims made in 2003 that Iraq would pay for its own reconstruction with oil turned out to be woefully inaccurate; the country struggled to maintain its production in the face of decrepit infrastructure and a determined insurgency for nearly six years after the invasion. But in the past two years, Iraq has made impressive, if incomplete, progress in developing its vast oil resources. It has signed 11contracts with international oil companies geared toward increasing production more than four-fold to over 12 million barrels a day — more than Saudi Arabia produces today. Few analysts expect Iraq to reach these levels, because of infrastructure bottlenecks and political obstacles. But most still expect a significant increase in production, and they acknowledge that without it, the global economy could be in trouble.
If lessons from Iraq's difficult experience help stabilize the region, if Iraq remains one of a rapidly dwindling number of Arab countries willing to cooperate with the United States publicly and privately, and if the development of Iraq's oil resources help the world avoid another energy crisis, some may recalculate the strategic ledger on the U.S. intervention in Iraq.
These potential strategic contributions make a compelling case for maintaining support for Iraq at a time when most Americans are more than ready to let the Iraqis sink or swim on their own. Iraq no longer needs the enormous volumes of U.S. financial, political and military assistance of the previous eight years. But, as a fragile state whose institutions are still vulnerable, Iraq could benefit greatly from a relatively small, continued investment of resources and time.
While the military component of this investment need not be large, it is critical to shore up Iraq's nascent armed forces against extremist threats. And in demonstrating America's continued interest in Iraq's trajectory, this assistance would buttress Iraq's political and security institutions.
The Obama administration and Iraqi leaders are grappling with the question of whether all U.S. forces will leave Iraq by the end of 2011, as stipulated in the current bilateral security agreement. The alternative is a different legal arrangement for a small number of U.S. troops — perhaps 10,000 — to stay and help Iraq's security forces train and deal with challenges that they still cannot adequately address on their own.
Recent news reports suggest that the Obama administration has already decided to limit the number of American troops it would keep in Iraq to as few as 3,000. This is disheartening on several levels. First, troop numbers should come out of negotiations with the Iraqis over the necessary missions — not as a fiat from Washington based on domestic politics. Second, it is not clear what such a small force could accomplish while still protecting itself. And finally, it calls into question whether the Obama administration really understands the opportunities and imperatives it is presented with in Iraq.
outlook@washpost.com
Meghan O'Sullivan served as President George W. Bush's deputy national security adviser for Iraq and Afghanistan from 2005 to 2007.  They are now the Jeane Kirkpatrick professor of the practice of international affairs at Harvard University and an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.
The Girl Scout Cookie marketing train runs year-round, even if the cookies themselves are only available for a limited period every year. The Scouts have been licensing their brand names and flavors for a while now, resulting in derivative products like licensed toy cookie ovens, lip balm, and licensed ice cream bars. Now they'll be available as a licensed breakfast cereal from General Mills.
Cookies for breakfast in the form of cereal certainly aren't new, but the Girl Scouts branding is. The cereal will come in what are arguably the two best Girl Scout cookie flavors, Thin Mints and a compromise between Caramel DeLites and Samoas called Caramel Crunch. According the Minneapolis Star-Tribune, those are the two top-selling flavors.
The cereals will hit shelves in January 2017, during the run-up to next year's cookie season. The product will be a limited-time one, so you'll need to stock up if you need chocolate mint cereal in your life indefinitely.
Of course, Girl Scout cookies are really available year-round if you know where to find the cheaper Keebler knockoff versions.
General Mills to make Girl Scouts cookie cereals in 2017 [Minneapolis Star-Tribune]
With news that Anthony ‘Rumble' Johnson might be nearing a return to the UFC, it's fair to say fans are excited by the potential of Johnson's smashing style coming back. Daniel Cormier is not one of those fans.
Speaking on their new podcast Talk & Talker, the UFC light heavyweight champion voiced their how unimpressed they were with Johnson's decision to return, just a few months after they left the sport at UFC 210.
“I feel like if they were going to retire maybe they should have stayed retired a little bit longer,” Cormier said. “Because when you do that, you come back this quick, it just kind of feels like ‘oh you were mad because you lost, so you just quit'. Right? It's not even a six month retirement. So it feels kind of like you were mad because you lost, and you kind of just quit.
“That's not the way things are supposed to be, you know?”
In fact, Cormier — who shared a decent relationship with Johnson in the lead up to their first and second fights — revealed that they had since changed their opinion of Johnson, citing a backstage interaction between Johnson and longtime Cormier rival Jon Jones as the reason.
“Rumble Johnson and I have always been respectful with each other,” Cormier said. “But something happened at UFC 214 that has forever made me change the way I'm going to interact with Anthony Johnson.
“So I walk into the back of the weigh-ins for UFC 214, and there's Rumble. And I go up to Rumble and they says ‘what's up DC? You look good.' Give them a hug, and I say ‘hey man, I hope you're enjoying your retirement. You seem happy. I wish you nothing but continued success', and I go about my business — as much as you'd expect two guys who have competed and ave respect for each other would interact.
“Then in walks Jon jones, and I expect them to — a guy they were supposed to fight, and may at some point still fight — give them the same type of conversation and kind of keep it's moving as a man. But Jon walks in, they give each other the shake and the hug, and they talk a little bit. And the conversation seems like Anthony is almost giving them advice … like pre-fight stuff.”
According to Cormier, that was enough of a red flag for them to just keep an eye on the two as backstage proceedings continued. Sure enough, when Jones stepped into the Octagon to re-acquaint themselves with the canvas, Cormier noticed the two interacting once again.
“I guess Jon's putting on their shoes or something, and then Rumble walks up to them again,” Cormier detailed “But now they're hugging. Legitimately hugging! Rumble's leaning over while Jon's tying their shoes, and Rumble's leaning over and giving them advice.
“What the fuck kind of advice are you giving him? Fucking what the fuck? Why are you so friendly? This is a guy that at some point you may have to fight. You're their friend now? Why the fuck are you their friend? Are you just hoping that they win because I beat you? What the fuck are you doing?
“Rumble and I have no more relationship. What the fuck are you so friendly with a guy in your weight class for? Fuck that. The competitor in you shouldn't allow you to be that nice to that guy.
“In my mind, that dude is fucking soft.”
(7933)
comments
Exclusive The Sultan of Oman's intelligence services are spying on the local operations of British oil company Shell with the aid of controversial European tech companies, the Register has learned.
Documents seen by el Reg reveals that the internal phone systems at Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) - a joint venture between the Omani government and various Western energy companies including Shell - have been tapped on behalf of the Sultan's intelligence service. The work was carried out by two notorious European firms specialising in "lawful interception" of communications: Gamma International and Trovicor.
Gamma has frequently been embroiled in controversy in recent years, particularly after it was found to have been touting for business from the former Egyptian President Mubarak's notorious secret police.
The company has also been implicated in surveillance of Ala'a Shehabi, a journalist, university lecturer and human rights activist from Bahrain, now living in London – as well as human rights activists based in the UAE and Turkmenistan. Gamma's “FinFisher Suite” (which includes Trojans to infect PCs, mobile phones, other consumer electronics and servers, as well as technical consulting) is regarded as some of the most advanced interception technology available on the commercial market.
Gamma was already known to have a relationship with the Omani regime, generally thought to be primarily aimed at surveillance of the local population's communications. However it has now emerged that the company is also specifically targeting foreign organisations, including British ones like Shell. In addition, the documents reveal that a commercial operation in Oman being conducted by Blighty's Oxford University - the setting up of Muscat University - is also being specifically targeted by Gamma and Trovicor on behalf of the Sultan's spooks.
Trovicor, acting as sub-contractor to Gamma in spying on PDO and Muscat Uni - according to the documents seen by The Register - was recently named as an “Enemy of the Internet” by freedom of speech watchdog Reporters Without Borders. The firm has been questioned over its human rights record, in particular during a hearing before the European Parliament Subcommittee on Human Rights in 2010 about its engagement with the governments of Iran, Bahrain and Syria – each notorious for torture and imprisonment of journalists and dissidents.
Formerly a sub-division of Nokia Siemens Networks, in 2009 Trovicor was “spun out” as a German firm, maintaining branches in Dubai and Islamabad, as well as Switzerland, the Czech Republic and Lebanon. The company's Beirut office, according to the documents, is responsible for work in Oman.
The documents show how Trovicor and Gamma International were jointly tasked in 2010 to install a new piece of telecommunications equipment which would listen in on all phone calls made at PDO. The content of the calls would then be delivered to a “monitoring center” believed to be operated by the Omani intelligence services.
Shell owns a 34 per cent interest in PDO, in a “production sharing agreement” with the Omani government, who own sixty percent of the firm. Overall, PDO is responsible for extracting most of the country's gas supply and around 70 per cent of its oil reserves.
Numerous current and former Shell engineers and management staff, known for their expertise in delivering long term energy projects, are seconded to or directly employed by PDO, and are using the phone systems listened into by the Omani security services. These include Managing Director Raoul Restucci, who was previously Executive Vice-President for Shell in the Middle East and North Africa Division.
Though the company is joint owned, industry insiders with experience working on similar “production sharing agreements” say the ability of the Omani government to listen in on the phone conversations of Shell employees seconded to PDO could prejudice regular commercial negotiations between the two parties over the sharing agreement.
Male Senate candidate: Vote for me 'because I do not wear high heels'
By Aaron Blake
A new video shows Ken Buck, the leading Republican candidate in a Colorado Senate race, repeatedly using the word "bull----" and saying that voters should choose them over their female primary opponent "because I do not wear high heels."
Buck, the Weld County district attorney, made the remarks at a recent forum, in response to an audience question. Former lieutenant governor Jane Norton has been running a campaign ad decrying third-party spending on behalf of Buck's campaign and urging Buck to "be man enough" to run the ads himself.
"She has questioned my manhood; I think it's fair to respond," Buck continues in the video. "I have cowboy boots on. They have real bull--- on 'em. That's Weld County bull---, not Washington D.C. bull---."
The brief YouTube clip is edited to about a minute and a half and was not posted by Buck's campaign.
Buck spokesperson Owen Lofthus said Norton has made gender an issue and noted that high heels have been invoked at several points in the campaign, including at least once by Norton's campaign manager.
"The Norton campaign has routinely commented about them being a good choice because they are a woman, and their choice of shoes," Lofthus said.
Norton spokesperson Cinamon Watson suggested the video is Buck's Macaca moment -- a single clip that ruins a candidate's campaign (the term 'Macaca moment' was coined after then-Sen. George Allen was filmed in 2006 using a racial slur to refer to a rival campaign's staffer).
"Ken is going to have to use all of their best lawyer-speak to explain this really stupid statement," Watson said.
Recent polling has shown Buck overtaking Norton in the primary, but they have raised more money and has the unofficial support of the GOP establishment in the race.
The winner will face the Democratic nominee -- either appointed Sen. Michael Bennet or former state House Speaker Andrew Romanoff -- in November.
I felt like I had walked into a scene out of Mad Max. Inside a fenced-in lot sat a broken-down beige Nissan hatchback. The ground was covered with a blanket of gravel that kicked up with every step. Shipping containers surrounded me on all sides and a row of retired buses formed a fortress of derelict industry. I looked up. On top of every bus was a torrent of activity, with people toiling away with hammers and saws and welding torches and power grinders.
After just staring for a bit, I walked over to one of the buses and thumped my fist against it. The rain of sparks pouring from above me stopped, and a shirtless man wearing a welding mask and bandoleer across their chest peered over the edge of the bus. I shouted, “Hey, this is NIMBY, right?”
The man popped up their mask and a white smile peered out just above their soot-covered neck. They shouted back: “Hell yeah, this is NIMBY!”
This is the maker and art collective scene in Oakland.
NIMBY is home to some very large art projects, like East Bay Burners First Home project.
Believe it or not, this was an ordinary day at NIMBY, one of Oakland's largest hackerspaces. Jason Wells, a relative newcomer to NIMBY, recalled a similar chaotic scene.
“It took me an hour to get my van 50 feet because there [were] three major art projects in progress," Jason explained. "There was an art car torn to pieces, one person was welding, somebody was using a miter saw right in the middle of the place where you drive. Everything was just pandemonium.”
Having visited a few hackerspaces and one community biolab in New York, stepping into NIMBY was like entering a new and strange maker country where projects were made for giants. The art projects are immense and inspiring. The work and passion that goes into them, even more so.
“A lot of the art gets built for the love and the challenge,” Michael Snook, the founder of this 65,000 square-foot maker space, told TechHive. And as it turns out, NIMBY is just a small part of a large and storied maker scene that dates back to the 1960s and, surprisingly, has managed to stay a well-kept secret.
Welcome to Oakland, a bastion for making
Maria del Camino by Bruce Tomb. The project was built using a 1959 El Camino chassis with 30,000 holes drilled into it in the shape of the false prophet Maria, and stuck on top of an old excavator bed. Bruce is currently working on making it remote-controllable with an iPhone app.
A confluence of factors has driven Oakland's maker renaissance. The city has plenty of large industrial spaces that are perfect for makers to erect so many of the massive projects found here. Oakland is also more affordable than San Francisco, its bigger, more glamorous sibling across the Bay, leading many artists and makers to relocate there. And Oakland has always had a bit of an independent, rebellious streak, which is an attraction of its own to some.
“Oakland has always [added] its own flavor to a lot of stuff.”
“I grew up here so we've always been known for doing things a little bit differently than anyone else whether it was music, art, food, or whatever,” said Ismael Plasencia, the Youth Program Associate at The Crucible and a life-long Oakland resident. “Oakland has always [added] its own flavor to a lot of stuff.”
Large-scale spaces like NIMBY, The Crucible, and American Steel Studios serve as the scene's cornerstones. Outside of these massive art spaces, Oakland is one giant web of smaller maker spaces, including Ace Monster Toys, The ACME Warehouse, Tech Liminal, Jon Sarriugarte's Form and Reform, as well as John Lewis Glass and Jeremy Crandell's Saint Louise Studios—and these are just the ones I know about.
Then there's First Friday, a monthly street festival that showcases the city's art, music, and creative culture.
It's a community that's easy to get swept into—some in the Oakland maker scene even quit their day jobs to pursue full-time artistic careers. Crazy? Not so: In fact, the idea of making for a living has become an industry unto itself here.
Meet the makers
This space was once a vacant, empty industrial ghost equipped with 10-ton cranes that used to hoist up ships coming in from the Port of Oakland.
Nowhere is the idea of making for a living more evident than in the workspaces at American Steel Studios, a six-acre factory space in West Oakland. In 2005, American Steel Studios founder Karen Cusolito first took residence in the former factory the workshop calls home to create towering 30-foot-tall steel sculptures. Little did they know that they would lease the entire building a year later as it attracted other industrial artists bound for Burning Man.
The Universe Revolves Around is a massive art project currently undergoing a revamp at American Steel Studios. It's basically a massive spinning platform that rotates boulders around you.
One of Lou Brocksen's CNC Machined metal cubes.
Since then, this industrial ghost of a building has attracted a total of 170 other industrial artists. But amidst all the long alleys of heavy metal and steel girders, makers have also turned the old factory into a home for their artistic livelihoods.
Karen introduced me to a man named Lou Brocksen who quit their day job to bust out amazing metal art cut with a CNC machine. Aside from their own art, Lou has also taken on commissioned projects from other makers located at American Steel and elsewhere.
For our next stop, Karen and I marched across the equivalent of two city blocks to get to the other end of the building. We stopped just short of the factory's back wall, and right in front of us was a complete furniture store. I raised an eyebrow: Nothing was arranged in typical retail-showroom fashion, as a whole row of chairs sat seven feet above our heads on top of a shipping container.
Sylvia Ortiz and the team behind Brown Dirt Cowboys has found a new, bigger home for their furniture business.
Sylvia Ortiz, one of the store's proprietors, stepped out to greet us. Sylvia, along with their husband and an assistant, has operated Brown Dirt Cowboys for 15 years. Brown Dirt Cowboys specializes in creating custom furniture out of reclaimed materials, putting it all back together in an entirely new way. They might stain a metal cabinet to make it look like wood, for example, or create a table with a completely new metal back.
Before coming to American Steel Studios, Brown Dirt Cowboys originally had two shops—one in San Francisco's South of Market Street (SoMa) neighborhood and another in San Francisco's design district—along with a production facility.
“The rent [in San Francisco] was astronomical, and the dot-com [boom] took over our area and so we had to get out, and that's how we ended up here,” Sylvia recalled. “It just became a good fit; we've gotten more space and we coexist really well with our neighbors. I think it's been a good thing.”
Sylvia continued: “We literally don't have to turn any work down because we have the space and the freedom to do what we want to do here.”
American Steel is just full of surprises, like this old-fashioned letterpress service.
In addition to the regular factory spaces, American Steel Studios also rents out studio spaces that surround its public gallery space. From one of these spaces, Rebecca Peters has created a surprisingly fully furnished office space for their letterpress printing business, Reb Peters Printing. Using a combination of old-fashioned machinery and Adobe InDesign, Rebecca can turn your digital design into a photopolymer plate—basically, a photosensitive plate that becomes a textured stamp. After that, they place the plate inside a hand-cranked machine that prints an inked impression on a piece of paper.
This is the first studio space Rebecca has ever rented. Previously, they ran a nomadic etching business for five years that travelled from one place to the next, using the printing presses of whomever they were working for at the time.
“I had lived in San Francisco for 10 years and part of the reason I never thought of having a studio was because over there it was just too expensive,” Rebecca, remembered. “Over here [at American Steel], it's a lot more affordable. There's also a general contractor that has helped me a lot. Like, bolt down my paper cutter and figure out some broken bolt issues that I was having. It's just nice having creative people around too.”
Rebecca also has a wide supply of stationery to give it that old carnival look and a bunch of rolling paper cutters to make it a really nice product.
After hearing the same story from a number of the tenants at American Steel, it became abundantly clear how maker spaces like this give people a lower-cost alternative to opening up their own stores. Expenses aside, it's a conducive community that bands together: Everyone adds their expertise and skills to the mix, whether it's welding or cross-stitching a dress.
“There's an importance of community because when you know there are other people on these wild, crazy hair-brained ideas, chasing down something that's never going to work and then you meet that person who knows how to get that switch to make the car go up and down,” Karen gushed. “All these pieces come together and you begin to realize, 'I can do this!'”
Just some of the massive metallic sculptures that Karen and other industrial artists make at American Steel Studios.
Just a few blocks away from American Steel is one of West Oakland's most well-known industrial art centers, The Crucible. Here at this 56,000-square-foot factory—which used to make paper tubes—a new, younger generation is forging itself into makers.
The Crucible is mainly an educational institution: Beyond its classes for adults, The Crucible teaches kids ages 8 to 18 all sorts of making skills. Students here can learn about MIG welding, ARC welding, blacksmithing, ceramics, woodworking, jewelry, and silversmithing. The Crucible also has a neon glass program and a motorized electronics class for creating robots—and the list goes on. This place really is a hackerspace department store.
The Crucible and maker spaces like it are instrumental for creating large-scale art. (Click to zoom in.)
Bernt Rostad/Flickr (CC by 2.0) The Chicago Cloud Gate—also known as The Bean—is another famous art project that started in Oakland.
While it might seem like the maker community is popping off each day with new and bigger projects, this sort of art is largely unknown to the world—and even to other Oakland residents. Meanwhile, a battle is brewing as new development expands and rents in the Bay Area creep ever higher.
Enter the Oakland Makers initiative
For years, city planners have looked for ways to revitalize Oakland's fading industrial areas: One such plan calls for residential zoning to replace a large part of the industrial districts that so many of these maker spaces call home.
In short, Oakland Makers is the Avengers-style initiative that's assembling an all-star team of industrial artists and creative fabricators.
Margot Prado, Senior Economic Development Specialist for the City of Oakland, has a different plan that will help preserve these areas for makers. Prado, along with Hiroko Kurihara, a seasoned urban planner and founder of the 25th Street Collective artist group, have created a new initiative called Oakland Makers.
In short, Oakland Makers is the Avengers-style initiative that's assembling an all-star team of industrial artists, creative fabricators, architectural designers, and “maker-force” (short for "maker workforce") institutions that will train the next generation of makers.
Rather than turn the entire area into residential neighborhoods, the Oakland Makers plan would save industrial buildings that already provide the space for artisan manufacturing. The plan's backers also hope to attract the attention of advanced manufacturers by setting aside additional industrial zoning to accommodate both existing and future maker spaces.
The seeds of a high-tech future
The plan isn't just to preserve these industrial zones but also to give the City of Oakland a future in the advanced, high-tech manufacturing world as envisioned by President Obama.
“Industrial artists are [the] sort of key inventive crowd that often creates just one-off single-production-line items that are often very related to what we need to do to inspire and attract advanced manufacturing to Oakland,” Prado explained, supporting Oakland's industrial artist community.
Prado and the maker community believe that this rich environment will attract more high-tech companies to Oakland. Companies like Emerging Objects, which researches new 3D-printable materials for room-sized structures, give just a glimpse of what such a future might look like.
: Ronald Rael stands behind a three-foot-tall salt wall at Emerging Objects' offices in West Oakland.
While looking over Emerging Objects' vast array of 3D-printed creations, co-founder Ronald Rael explained their rationale for setting up shop in Oakland.
“When we were looking for a place to stay, obviously West Oakland was for us very affordable, and two, we just realized that there's a wood craftsman there, there's a book binder here, there's a reproduction house there, there's all these maker spaces there," Ronald said, pointing out other nearby businesses. "So this is the perfect place to be because there's this ecosystem of creative people that we really can be a part of.”
The complaints come as several class-actions lawsuits have been filed against LuLRoe in recent months — with one alleging their leggings "rip like wet toilet paper" and another accusing the company of bringing their sellers into a "pyramid scheme."
One recurring complaint from LuLaRoe direct retail sellers, called "consultants," is that their small markets have become saturated with competitors who also signed up to sell LuLaRoe — which hurt everyone's bottom line.
Many LuLaRoe fans have said online they have been wanting to find solid or black colored staple leggings, which they say have become increasingly rare as the company expanded into colorful prints.
The consultants are unable to pick what patterns or colors of clothing they receive from the company, leaving many to complain they have been sent undesirable patterns they have been unable to sell.
May 15, 2015; Washington, DC, USA; Atlanta Hawks guard Jeff Teague (0) handles the ball as Washington Wizards guard John Wall (2) defends during the first half in game six of the second round of the NBA Playoffs at Verizon Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Mills-USA TODAY Sports
We're at the finale of my Southeast Division preview; it looks like the Atlanta Hawks have finished off both my series and the Washington Wizards‘ season (too soon?). Nonetheless, this matchup next season should be just as intriguing as the gritty, hard-fought six game playoff series was.
Every Wizards fan knows about last season's falter to the Hawks, but what they may not realize is that the Hawks won the regular season series too, taking three out of four games and outscoring the Wizards throughout those games by about nine points. All in all, Atlanta took seven of ten total matchups last year.
Of course, there's no reason to think Washington can't improve against their division rivals.
We all saw how they nearly upset the East's top seed in the second round last year (and probably would've if John Wall had not been partially injured, but we'll save that for another day.), which is a sign that there could be better things to come in DC.
The Hawks solidified an identity last year: they're a well-coached, three-point shooting, high-IQ team that might remind you a little bit of the San Antonio Spurs.
They use a deep rotation that consists of shooters at all positions. And, if you've forgotten due to all the hype around Cleveland this offseason, they were the best regular season team in the Eastern Conference.
Southeast Division Preview: Washington Wizards vs. Charlotte Hornets
That last statement is expected to change. Atlanta lost a few key guys in the offseason, with DeMarre Carroll headlining the group. Their efforts last season has also deemed to be a fluke. And there's no way they top the Cavs.
However they end up next season, they'll still be a playoff team, likely as a top four seed.
The Hawks are very good in transition, and they showed that in the playoff series. Wittman needs to get the guys to pay attention while defending on the run — guarding the three-point line is necessary in that situation. The Washington Wizards also need to make sure to cover the corners on the dribble drive, a place Atlanta thrives at shooting at.
Top to bottom, the Hawks have one of the more well-rounded teams in the league in terms of depth.
Mike Budenholzer has pretty good starters and pretty good role players.
Their only knock?
No big name stars.
The Wizards definitely have that.
John Wall is the franchise player and a league-wide superstar, and there's no way the Hawks can avoid that. They can, however, try to match Wall with Jeff Teague, one of the team's best players.
That didn't work well for the Hawks last year, though.
Wall, holding the edge in athleticism, was able to blow by about anyone and everyone, including Teague. And even with a bum hand, Wall posted insane averages of 17.7 points, 5.7 rebounds, 11.0 assists, and 2.3 steals per game.
Wall is going to have the advantage in almost every matchup next year, and this is one of those times.
The Hawks don't have a superstar like Wall, but they do have a very underrated star in Al Horford.
The steady veteran has been in Atlanta their entire career, and will probably be there for years to come. They had a down year in terms of regular season numbers, but in the playoffs they lit up the Washington Wizards.
Budenholzer still went with a team oriented approach, but Horford managed to become the primary scorer in the series (albeit by one point more than DeMarre Carroll in the entire series), scoring a team high 16.8 points per game while also chipping in 9.8 rebounds, 4.3 assists, and 2.3 blocks per game in the series.
Horford was clearly better than Marcin Gortat in the playoffs, and it's safe to say that he'll better the better of the two in the upcoming season.
Horford should hold the advantage both offensively and defensively, with more range to their jumper (though it is ugly), better moves on the block, and more active in the pick-and-roll.
On the other side, Horford is the superior rim protector and post defender, though the latter is debatable.
Don't expect Horford to completely dominate Gortat, but don't expect a poor performance from him, either.
Perhaps the biggest move the Hawks made in the offseason was retaining Paul Millsap, who, like almost every other guy on Atlanta's roster, is a capable three-point shooter. Millsap can play the three spot, but he's played more of the four and even the five while in Atlanta.
As an undersized power forward, Millsap can play on the perimeter or on the block, whichever is necessary.
While hanging around the three-point line, the nine-year veteran is one of the best at spacing the floor. They have also found their size — or lack thereof — to be an advantage by being quicker, which can make them a difficult cover.
This assignment will be especially hard for Nene, the presumed starting power forward man.
Nene is much slower and bigger than Millsap, and, as we saw in the playoff series, couldn't and won't be able to keep up with the stretch four.
Due to that major disadvantage with Nene, Otto Porter should get even more minutes at the four.
Although they will most likely start at the small forward, Porter matches up well with Millsap.
The Georgetown product is listed at the same height and has the same recorded wingspan as Millsap while also having the advantage of quickness.
Porter won't contribute too much offensively, but defensively is where they should thrive in this matchup.
He'll be able to limit Millsap to their usual numbers; it's possible they could be lowed.
And as we saw in the playoff series (I know, I've referred to the series many times already and there will only be more allusions. I'm sorry.), they noticeably struggled, due in large part to Porter's excellent defense.
Staying on Porter, I mentioned they would most likely be starting at the three. Their matchup there is much less clear than anywhere else, as the Hawks lost former starting small forward DeMarre Carroll this offseason to Toronto.
Since then, Atlanta has acquired Justin Holiday in free agency, Tim Hardaway Jr. via trade — they were in the three-way trade with the Wizards and Knicks that put Kelly Oubre in DC on draft night — and will have Thabo Sefolosha returning from an arrest for the upcoming season, giving them at least three new options with other alternatives from the bench.
Southeast Division Preview: Washington Wizards vs. Miami Heat
Budenholzer could have four guys as possibilities to replace Carroll, but none of them will be able to fully replace Carroll, who made a name for themselves on the defensive side while also being a decent shooter on the opposite end.
If Budenholzer is looking to find a guy that has similar strengths and weaknesses, the go-to would be Sefolosha.
The Swiss wing might not even be available next year (his trial date is September 9th), but assuming they are, they could provide the same impact defensively as Carroll.
Sefolosha also has starting experience — they started for the Oklahoma City Thunder — over James Harden — on their 2012 NBA Finals run.
If Sefolosha isn't eligible to play any time soon, the next best option would be Hardaway Jr., a capable shooter and scorer that would help boost the Hawks offense to another level.
Though THJ would be somewhat of a liability defensively, their offense might be able to offset that next year.
Hardaway Jr. wasn't the most efficient player last year (shooting under 40% from the field), but in Atlanta, their percentages and numbers should increase noticeably, much like Carroll's did when they became a Hawk.
Though Hardaway Jr. will see their stats rise, Washington shouldn't be too worried.
When Porter matches up with THJ at the three, they hold the advantage in size by a wide margin. Although Hardaway Jr. actually hold the advantage in weight, Porter has a two inch size advantage and a six inch wingspan advantage.
Southeast Division Preview: Washington Wizards vs. Orlando Magic
On the other end is where both players' weaknesses come up.
Porter isn't known as much of a scoring threat, and Hardaway Jr. isn't a prominent defender. In fact, their defense isn't even close to being decent — advanced stats (Basketball-Reference) show that they are one of the worst defenders in the league, sitting at 467th, 478th, and 482nd out of 492 NBA players last year in defensive win shares, defensive box plus/minus, and defensive rating, respectively.
Porter's height advantage and developing offensive game (shooting, slashing) should definitely give them the edge over poor defending Hardaway Jr.
Lastly, among the starters, is the shooting guard position, where each team possesses a knockdown outside shooter — Bradley Beal and Kyle Korver.
We saw these two battle it out in the playoffs, and it was clear who was the better player then, and it'll be even clearer next season.
Beal completely lit up Korver in the postseason, scoring north of twenty-five points per game and over five assists and five rebounds per game.
Korver, on the other hand, completely lost their touch.
Although the sharpshooter shot a blistering 49% from deep in the regular season, they really struggled in the playoffs, shooting around 35% from three for the entire postseason and 31% in the series with the Wizards.
Obviously, their lower numbers don't fall directly on just Beal, but they were a large part of Korver shooting eighteen percent worse from deep than in the regular season.
Beal definitely steps up in the playoffs (while Korver has statistically lost their touch year after year), but there's no reason to think they can't contribute just as much during the regular season.
Atlanta's bench was a big part of their success last year, and it is going to be a force to be reckoned with for a second straight season.
The front office was able to add Hardaway Jr., Holiday, Jason Richardson, Tiago Splitter, and Walter Tavares to an already strong team and reserve core.
I'm assuming Hardaway Jr. will start (as mentioned earlier, of course), but the rest of those acquisitions should go right to the reserves.
With those additions, the Hawks' bench is arguably the best in the NBA if it wasn't already.
Of course, the Wizards made necessary moves in the offseason, too.
Adding Gary Neal, Jared Dudley, and Alan Anderson through free agency, and Kelly Oubre in the draft should give Wittman wing depth and shooters, two places that were almost nonexistent last year.
The front office also retained Drew Gooden as an energy guy and leader for the bench.
The Hawks' backups will be playing in a great system with Budenholzer that should maximize their strengths while together on the court.
With a rotation including Dennis Schroder, Kent Bazemore, Holiday, Mike Muscala, Splitter, and other additional reserves, Atlanta definitely will have the ability to sit their starters without giving up too much up.
For Washington, the story is different, but still similar.
Ramon Sessions, Neal, Anderson, Dudley, and one of Gooden, Kris Humphries, or DeJuan Blair isn't bad; most would say that bench should be decent enough for Wall, Beal, and the rest of the starters to get their necessary rest in games.
Yes, Atlanta does have the better bench, but the Wizards aren't far off.
Again, it looks like another tight competition between two Southeast Division rivals. With the Wizards holding an advantage with their starting unit and the Hawks with their bench, the rosters even out — in a sense.
We could see a split in the regular season series, but nonetheless there should be four close contests, with the victors walking away with a win by small margin.
The two teams should be almost a stalemate next season; barring major injury, it should be a tight race between the Atlanta Hawks, Washington Wizards, and the Miami Heat for the Southeast Division crown.
A gunman stormed into a Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood on Friday afternoon armed with an assault rifle and began shooting. A police officer and two others were killed, with nine more wounded, in the ensuing five-hour standoff that ended with the shooter in custody.
Police named Robert Lewis Dear, 57, as the suspect Saturday morning. Wearing a trench coat and a bushy white beard, Dear allegedly traded fire with police for hours before officers convinced them to surrender. The attack's motivations are unknown, but Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers said people can make “inferences from where [the attack] took place, suggesting a religious or anti-abortion motive.
Dear currently lives in Hartsel, Colorado, about an hour's drive from Colorado Springs, but lived for much longer in North and South Carolina. They spent part of that time living in a remote mountain shack in Black Mountain, North Carolina, where neighbors describe them as a quiet loner with no known religious affiliation, according to the AP.
If Planned Parenthood was the target, it wouldn't be the first time an organization that provides reproductive health care had come under attack. The Colorado Springs clinic was aware enough of security threats to reportedly have a “safe room” on site equipped with bullet-proof vests. Friday's shooting comes after a heated national debate over efforts in Congress to defund the group, catalyzed by a series of videos from earlier this year showing Planned Parenthood officials discussing using fetal tissue for research.
Suspect confirmed as Robert L. Dear date of birth of 4/16/1958 pic.twitter.com/4v2GtIsUgT — Springs Police (@CSPDPIO) November 28, 2015
The police officer killed has been identified as 44-year-old Garrett Swasey, a campus officer with the University of Colorado Colorado Springs. Swasey was a 6-year veteran of the force and a married father of two. They were an ice-skating champion and one of the pastors at their church. Four other police officers were injured.
President Obama released a statement on the shooting, urging Americans not to let such tragedies “become normal.”
“The last thing Americans should have to do, over the holidays or any day, is comfort the families of people killed by gun violence — people who woke up in the morning and bid their loved ones goodbye with no idea it would be for the last time,” Obama said. “And yet, two days after Thanksgiving that's what we are forced to do again.”
The shooting began at around 11:30 am local time at a busy commercial area in Colorado Springs, crowded with Black Friday shoppers. People took shelter in neighboring shops and their cars when gunshots began to ring out. Police, SWAT teams and FBI swarmed the Planned Parenthood, exchanging fire with the shooter for hours. At around 5:00 pm local time, police were able to shout to the gunman and convince them to give themselves up.
Many people on Twitter responded to the news by calling for donations to the health provider. They were led by model Chrissy Teigen, who tweeted, referring to their husband, the musician John Legend, “Every time shit like this happens, john and I immediately make another donation to planned parenthood.”
If you can, please donate to Planned Parenthood. Access to contraception, healthcare & abortion should not be held hostage by terrorism. — Kayleigh Anne (@Ceilidhann) November 27, 2015
Everybody's already spending money today, so why not donate to Planned Parenthood while you're at it: https://t.co/H4cZIdrzYJ — Anne T. Donahue (@annetdonahue) November 27, 2015
Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountain issued a statement saying its top priority is the safety of its patients and staff, and said “we share the concern of many that extremists are creating a poisonous environment that feeds domestic terrorism in this country.”
We will never back away from providing care in a safe, supportive environment that millions of people rely on and trust. — Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) November 27, 2015
This story was originally published on November 27 and has been updated as news emerges.
Ryan Brunn and Jorelys Rivera CBS/WGCL
(CBS/AP) ATLANTA --A 20-year-old maintenance worker who this week pleaded guilty to molesting and killing a 7-year-old girl was found dead of an apparent suicide in their prison cell Thursday, according to the Georgia Department of Corrections.
Pictures: Jorelys Rivera
Ryan Brunn was found unresponsive at 4:15 p.m. at the state prison in Jackson, said spokesperson Kristen Stancil. Brunn was taken to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead at 5:37 p.m., Stancil said in an email to The Associated Press.
Brunn pleaded guilty on Tuesday to killing Jorelys Rivera on Dec. 2. Them body was found in a trash compactor at the Canton apartment complex where they lived and they worked. At the hearing, Brunn explained their actions in chilling detail before apologizing to Rivera's family. A judge then sentenced them to life in prison without parole.
Earlier Thursday, Canton officials said the city's police chief had resigned after a scathing report found they took a "laid back" approach to the search for Rivera in the north Georgia town.
Chief Jeff Lance stepped down after the 17-page review revealed their department of about 50 officers violated several of its own policies and made many mistakes in the search for Rivera, said city manager Scott Wood.
Rivera was reported missing at their apartment complex about 7:30 p.m. on Dec. 2. Days later, Brunn was charged with their killing.
A call to Lance for comment was not immediately returned.
According to police, Rivera was playing at an apartment complex playground in Canton, Ga. on Dec. 2, 2011. They were returning to their building when Brunn allegedly lured them to a vacant apartment nearby. They told the judge they found Rivera's roller skate and used it to lure them in.
Detectives said Brunn beat, raped and stabbed the girl to death. Brunn was a maintenance man at the complex.
Authorities found the girl's body in a trash bin there three days after their mother reported them missing.
Complete coverage of Jorelys Rivera's murder on Crimesider
Murdered Ga. 7-year-old Jorelys Rivera 17 photos
A role for the mesolimbic dopaminergic system in the pathophysiology of depression has become increasingly evident. Specifically, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has been shown to be elevated in the nucleus accumbens of depressed patients and to positively contribute to depression-like behaviour in rodents. The dopamine D1-D2 receptor heteromer exhibits significant expression in NAc and has also been shown to enhance BDNF expression and signalling in this region. We therefore examined the effects of D1-D2 heteromer stimulation in rats by SKF 83959, or its inactivation by a selective heteromer-disrupting TAT-D1 peptide on depression- and anxiety-like behaviours in non-stressed animals and in animals exposed to chronic unpredictable stress. SKF 83959 treatment significantly enhanced the latency to immobility in the forced swim test, increased the latency to drink condensed milk and reduced total milk consumption in the novelty-induced hypophagia test, and additionally reduced the total time spent in the open arms in the elevated plus maze test. These pro-depressant and anxiogenic effects of SKF 83959 were consistently abolished or attenuated by TAT-D1 peptide pre-treatment, signifying the behaviours were mediated by the D1-D2 heteromer. More importantly, in animals exposed to chronic unpredictable stress (CUS), TAT-D1 peptide treatment alone induced significant and rapid anxiolytic and antidepressant-like effects in two tests for CUS-induced anhedonia-like reactivity and in the novelty-suppressed feeding test. Together these findings indicate a positive role for the D1-D2 heteromer in mediating depression- and anxiety-like behaviours and suggest its possible value as a novel therapeutic target.
Copyright © 2015 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP. All rights reserved.
They had two qualities that are crucial to building a great collection: an all-consuming curiosity and confidence in their own tastes. They were among the first Americans to collect Renaissance painting, and when men wealthier than Gardner — like Pierpont Morgan and Henry Clay Frick — pushed them out of the market, they turned their astute eye to Spanish and Chinese art, amassing formidable collections there too.
Photo
The museum they built, which opened in 1903, reflects the same independence of mind. Its galleries are centered around a fabulously faux-Venetian courtyard overflowing with tropical and flowering plants, both a reflection of Gardner's catholic tastes and an image of feminine power. A Roman mosaic of Medusa's head dominates the garden. Rows of mismatched Venetian windows — some real, others fake — line its pink walls.
The barely disguised references to the female realm pile up as you climb to the upper floors. A somber marble staircase is decorated with an ornate wrought-iron railing made from the frame of a bed from an Italian convent. In one upstairs gallery a small, pious painting of Jesus' head, lightly bearing the weight of the cross, is set on a small table just to one side of a wild abduction scene, Titian's “Europa.” Underneath is a framed fabric swatch from one of Gardner's ballroom gowns.
As splendid and theatrical as the museum is, however, it has suffered over the years. Immediately after Gardner's death the main entry was shifted so that it now lines up with a vaulted side gallery, which meant that visitors lost the impact of stepping from the dark, brick entry corridor directly into the light-filled courtyard. A small bookstore and cafe were stuffed into the back of the first floor in the 1970s. Conservation offices and a temporary gallery are in a small 1930s addition plugged into the back of the museum, an area staff members refer to (not, it seems, with affection) as the doghouse. Meanwhile the number of visitors has grown from a few thousand a year to nearly 200,000.
The addition will clear up some of that mess. The bookstore and cafe will be moved to addition's ground floor, and the space at the back of the old museum will eventually return to its original function as a meditative space with Buddhas and Chinese screens. The new music hall means that the second-floor Tapestry Room, which is often used for recitals, can now be returned to its original state. The collections will be freer to breathe.
But Mr. Piano has done more, striking an ideal balance between new and old without compromising the identity of either. The addition, whose copper cladding will give it a muscular feel, is set discreetly behind the existing building. A narrow garden, 50 feet wide, separates the two, creating a palpable tension, as between two magnets held slightly apart.
That sense of tension is also apparent in the addition, in a constant play between darkness and light, gravity and weightlessness. The ground-floor lobby and commercial spaces will be wrapped entirely in glass, with the copper-clad gallery, music hall and offices resting above. These three spaces will be divided by vertical bands of glass, so that from certain angles they will seem to be breaking apart. (The gorgeousness of these forms may very well be diminished by the treatment of the copper surface; Mr. Piano plans to treat the copper with acid, which will give it a uniformly green finish, rather than letting it age naturally, which would convey a passing of time.)
Photo
The sense of discrete spaces is enhanced by the treatment of the individual interiors, which feel less uniform in character than those in some of Mr. Piano's earlier museums.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The music hall, surrounded by narrow balconies, may be one of their most radical spaces in years. The extreme vertical organization and compactness of the room bring to mind La Fenice in Venice. Because the rigidly symmetrical hall is a square, 44 feet on each side, audience members will be staring directly at one other as well as down toward the stage, an effect that could be pleasingly voyeuristic or distracting; it's hard to tell.
For the gallery space Mr. Piano has created a mechanical ceiling that moves up and down so curators can make the room airier or more intimate, depending on the needs of a given show. A high window, facing northeast toward the old building, can be blocked out with a system of computerized shades.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Behind the addition Mr. Piano has also designed a giant greenhouse with a sloping glass wall. Conceived as an Arcadia for visiting artists and scholars, it will include a row of apartments and terraces running along the top like little treehouses.
Some people, no doubt, will complain that this expansion is yet another example of museum bloat. But my only worry about the design has to do with the way it leads you to the old building's galleries. When the project is complete, sometime in 2011, visitors will no longer be able to approach through the old entry on the Fenway. Instead they will enter the complex through Mr. Piano's new lobby, and from there turn right and follow a glass-enclosed walkway through the garden and into the back of Gardner's palazzo.
This significantly lengthens the distance between entry and artworks, which I suspect is intentional. In recent years more and more architects have used an extended architectural narrative to screen out the visual noise of the contemporary city, and in the process prepare visitors mentally for the act of viewing art. But it may also further reduce the impact of Gardner's original vision. The ability to move, in a few short steps, from the darkness of the brick vaulted lobby to the joyous explosion of light that fills the towering pink courtyard is not just a great architectural effect; it is a powerful metaphor for what art can do — and what it did for them
Mr. Piano has given us a thoughtful, mature, even beautiful, building. And there is no question in my mind that it is necessary. Still, some of us will mourn the loss of that experience.
Protesters are demanding that the federal government take immediate action to address the recent spate of suicide attempts in Attawapiskat First Nation in northern Ontario.
As many as 20 members of Idle No More and Black Lives Matter have been occupying the Toronto office of Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada (INAC) since mid-morning, demanding that the federal government take action following the suicide crisis.
Toronto police, who arrived at the Yonge Street and St. Clair Avenue E. location after 10:45 a.m. ET Wednesday, say protesters removed a Canadian flag from the office, but that the protest has been non-violent.
Toronto police stand outside the Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada office building Wednesday morning. They say the protest has been non-violent. (Jonathan Castell/CBC)
Protesters started the occupation with a die-in on the floor of the office, before holding a ceremony that included the burning of sweetgrass and sage.
They say they are standing in solidarity with the Attawapiskat community, which declared a state of emergency Saturday following reports of 11 suicide attempts in one day alone last weekend. There are also reports of more than 100 suicide attempts and at least one death since September in the remote community of nearly 2,000 people.
Protesters raise an Attawapiskat First Nation flag in the Indigenous and Northern Affairs office. They've been occupying the office since mid-morning Wednesday. (Simon Dingley/CBC)
Immediate and long-term help
Protesters say they will refuse to leave the premises until INAC officials promise more action to address the crisis.
"We're asking for immediate help and long-term help," protest organizer Sigrid Kneve told CBC Toronto over the phone.
A protester stands on a desk in the Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada office Wednesday. Protesters occupied the office to urge Ottawa to address the Attawapiskat, Ont., suicide crisis. (Facebook/Idle No More Toronto)
Kneve said a representative from INAC has come out and spoken with protesters, telling them that INAC is "doing all they can" to address the situation.
"It's the same old, same old," Kneve said.
They said protesters soon will decide on how long they plan to remain inside the building.
As many as 20 protesters entered the office about 10:45 a.m. ET. (Facebook / Idle No More Toronto)
A spokesperson for the department of Indigenous Affairs said in a statement Wednesday that since the weekend, officials have been working with the First Nation community and members of provincial government to "provide mental health and community supports to Attawapiskat and the individuals and families in need."
"It is important to address the immediate crisis," Valerie Hache wrote.
"We are working to put in place medium and long-term supports including addressing housing needs, ending boil water advisories, adequately supporting education, and ensuring child and family services are reformed and properly funded."
Officials from Health Canada said on Tuesday afternoon that 18 health workers, mental-health workers and police were being dispatched to support the Attawapiskat community.
"Our government wants to assure First Nations that we are personally and directly engaged in the recent states of emergencies that have been declared," reads a statement by Health Minister Jane Philpott.
Black Lives Matter protesters have joined with members of Idle No More to press for action on Attawapiskat's suicide crisis. (Facebook/Idle No More Toronto)
Time for more action
Protesters say it is not enough. They want to see the federal government taking more immediate action to address the needs of the community.
"We would like to hear that they are doing more than just sending social workers after the fact. There are so many issues at stake," protester Carrie Lester told CBC Toronto by phone.
"We're prepared to stay as long as it takes," Lester said. "Once we have got that determination ... then, we are fine to go."
The Attawapiskat First Nation declared a state of emergency Saturday following reports of 11 suicide attempts in one day alone last weekend. There are also reports of more than 100 suicide attempts and at least one death since September. ((CBC))
MPs hold emergency debate
MPs debated for more than five hours Tuesday about how the suicide crisis and other public health emergencies facing First Nations communities across the country should be addressed.
Many communities are without proper health services, adequate housing and in some cases, access to clean water.
A number of other First Nations communities have declared public health emergencies this year.
At least four aboriginal leaders are scheduled to appear before the Commons indigenous affairs committee on Thursday to discuss the health crises facing their communities.
Wow I'm surprised a few hours googleing about and I got it running….
I found this ‘idle' emulator (“Incomplete Draft of a Lisa Emulator”
http://sourceforge.net/projects/idle-lisa-emu ), which can infact run Xenix! It also says it can run the uniplus SYSV (so says the readme)..
Searching around I found the following site:
http://unixsadm.blogspot.com/2007/12/xenix-blast-from-past-looking-back-at.html
Whas Xenix 3.0 disk images in the DART format… which as luck would have it idle cannot mount. However I found another lisa emulator, lisaem ( http://www.sunder.net/ ) which has a tool to convert the disks from DART to DC42 (disk copy 4.2). So it was a simple matter of converting the disks
lisafsh-tool.exe “Xenix OS Boot Floppy”
quit
… etc etc… ad nasium…
Then firing up idle, setting the CPU to max speed, and booting up whenver I was going to answer a question I toggled it back to 5Mhz.. otherwise it would take FOREVER to boot… lol like the ‘good old days'.
Once the boot floppy had formatted the 5mb hard disk image, and transfered on reboot I had to tell the bootloader to boot from the profile disk..
pf(0,0)xenix
And away it went. After installing the OS & the C compiler I'm left with 23 blocks free!.. which I guess for a 5mb disk, is pretty cool.. Anyways there are assorted Xenix PDF's which can be found here:
http://www.tenox.tc/docs/
Namely these two for Apple Lisa Xenix..
http://www.tenox.tc/docs/apple_lisa_xenix_programmers_guide.pdf
http://www.tenox.tc/docs/apple_lisa_xenix_programmers_reference.pdf
It's amazing that lisa emulators were sort of capable of running Lisa Office System, now they can run the old unix stuff… it's still impressive.
The messaging system, which registers 5 million daily users, would have been Facebook's most expensive ever acquisition
Snapchat, the fast-growing messaging system, has reportedly rejected a $3bn buyout offer from Facebook.
The Wall Street Journal, citing sources close to the negotiations, said the all-cash offer came as other investors were valuing the loss making two-year-old company at over $4bn. At $3bn Snapchat would be the most expensive acquisition Facebook has ever made.
The company is believed to have over 5 million active daily users and, according to Pew research, has been downloaded by 9% of US mobile users. The service allows people to send messages and photos with an expiration date so that they are deleted from the recipient's mobile device shortly after they are received. In September Snapchat said it was handling over 350m messages a day.
According to the Journal, Evan Spiegel, Snapchat's 23-year-old co-founder and chief executive, is waiting until early next year before considering any offers in the hope that Snapchat's numbers will grow enough to justify an even larger valuation.
The company's valuation has been growing as fast as its user base. In June Snapchat raised $60m from investors that valued the company at $800m. Facebook reportedly offered $1bn for Snapchat earlier this year. Last month top tech blog All Things D reported that the company was in negotiations with China's Tencent over an investment that would value the firm at over $3.6bn.
That news followed an announcement last month from Pinterest, the social scrapbooking company, that it had raised $225m in new funds at a price that valued the firm at $3.8bn.
Snapbook's valuation, and those of its social media peers, will likely have soared after Twitter's initial public offering this month, which has valued the loss making short message system at over $23bn.
The spectacular growth in the company's valuation echoes that of Groupon, the online discount company that rejected a $6bn offer from Google before filing for an IPO. In late 2011 when the company started trading it was valued at over $16bn but soon crashed to as low as $3.7bn. It has since recovered and is now worth $6.8bn.
For the civil servants at the sole financial regulator devoted to protecting consumers, Monday morning wasn't just a dreary return to work after a holiday break. It also occasioned an awkward dance between two competing bosses who both claim to be in charge.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's first and so far only director, Richard Cordray, abruptly resigned last week. President Trump wants their budget director, the ultra–fiscal conservative Mick Mulvaney, who has called the CFPB a “sad, sick” joke, to lead the agency. Leandra English, who was deputy director under Cordray, argues that they should be made acting director automatically, and filed a lawsuit this weekend saying that Trump lacks the authority to replace them
Why is Trump playing such a strong hand? They say it's because the bureau was “a total disaster” under the previous leadership. “Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public,” they tweeted over the Thanksgiving break. “We will bring it back to life!”
There's no evidence at all, however, to back those claims. In fact, one would think Trump would be the CFPB's biggest champion, given its wild success in helping everyday Americans square off against banks, which would seemingly fit with the populist façade they stood behind during their campaign. But as with so many things, Trump's true colors bled through as soon as they got into office. Installing Mulvaney as the head of an agency they loathe is just one more kiss that Trump has blown to the finance sector.
Note: This is a project for Burning Man 2012
• HD Video on Vimeo
• Our website
• Update Video #1
• Update Video #2
The HappyGem is an art project based on human interaction. It is an interactive light-effect necklace that uses 16 LEDs to display colorful animated patterns. HappyGems interact with each other wirelessly based on the distance between them.
Our goal is to bring as many HappyGems to Burning Man as possible. Each gem will start with a simple randomly generated light pattern. When you meet someone else wearing a HappyGem, you can give this person a hug, and the pattern on each of your gems will combine into two new patterns. It's as if your gems make love and produce two children that replace them. Your pattern will continually evolve during the festival, and will become a reflection of all the people you meet.
The HappyGem will not look like a professionally made product, because – we are not professionals. There are certain production techniques that are not sensible for producing a short run of devices. But we will pour our souls into them and make sure they're made with lots of love.
The Pledges — The small pledges are for those of you who wish to support the project, but are not going to Burning Man or do not wish to give enough to adopt a gem. We will send the stickers before Burning Man if we have time, but we will prioritize making the HappyGems first. This money will be used to make gems that we will gift to people on the playa.
If you wish to adopt a gem, you have three choices: you can get one for yourself, you can reserve one for a friend or you can let us gift one to a random stranger with a personalized message attached. Please note that you can not adopt a HappyGem for a person who's not going to Burning Man since this is where we'll be handing the out.
The Original Prototypes — To help raise money for more HappyGems to gift, we've decided to give away some of the original prototypes we've used to develop the technology. Before you pledge to recieve one of these please be aware: the prototypes are a bit fragile, poorly soldered and can not be used as a HappyGem at Burning Man. They are however, a bit hacker friendly than the HappyGems, so you can use them for your own electronics projects if you wish.
The Economics — We've covered the cost of developing the prototypes, and we've recieved $1600 from a culture and art fund which will be used for any additional prototyping and overhead costs and to make more HappyGems to gift at Burning Man.
When you pledge enough to recieve or gift a HappyGem, we've calculated the cost based on the material costs plus a healthy margin to cover any unanticipated costs. All the money we recieve will be spent on HappyGems, so the fewer unanticipated costs the more gems we will gift.
If for some reason we're not able to use all the money we've recieved on HappyGems this year, we will use the money for next years project.
Next Year? — The HappyGem has given us so many ideas, and if this project is a success, we will use our experience to make an even better gem for next years Burning Man. Light patterns that react to music, interaction spanning larger distances and group games are just some of the things we've been thinking of. And after this years Burning Man we'll certainly have a thousand more ideas. And what's more, we can use the HappyGems made this year next year too.
Recycling — We will set up a program where those who wish can return the HappyGems to us. That way we can reprogram them so we can use them with next years project and regift them. But if you want to keep it and play with it, we encourage that as well.
For The Hackers — Some of you may want to use the HappyGem for your own projects when you get home. The HappyGem uses an ATmega128RFA1 microcontroller, and the JTAG port is exposed so you can make and upload your own software for the device. We'll help you out in any way we can, and we'll publish some software to help you get started. There's even PCB traces for a bonus feature!
How Can I Help? — If you want to contribute to the project there are a few things we could use some help with.
• If you have an eletronics lab in or near Portland and would be willing to lend us access (and maybe a hand?), that would help us speed up production.
• The HappyGem needs a cover to protect it from the playa dust. We have a solution, but it's improvised. If you know a cheap and easy way to make transparent plastic covers and are willing to help us make them, that would help us make better looking and sturdier gems.
• Do you have some good looking neckbands we could have for free or cheap?
In The Spirit of Burning Man — This is not a product launch. The HappyGems will not be sold to anyone before or after Burning Man, and the HappyGem name and logo will not be used to market or sell any product. Although it is a device, we consider the HappyGem not as a product, but as a component in an interactive art project. We will strive to keep this project and its evolution in the spirit of Burning Man, and we will listen to any and all comments from the community.
–––––––––––––––––––––––
* Your HappyGem may look different from the illustration above. Results may vary. Batteries probably included. Do not eat the HappyGem. Do not use the HappyGem as a coaster. Actually, do. It would make an awesome coaster, just don't spill on it.
Recently we've received complaints from customers demanding more new undiscovered squirrels in the calendars. As the artist, my initial response is “Com'mon people, are they trying to kill me? I need sleep too.” Then Anne (President of Arundale Products) chuckled and reminded me that this was actually a good complaint. People love the images and they want more. As referenced in a previous post “The Undiscovered Squirrels” the creation of each undiscovered squirrel is no simple task. Because of the limited production time for illustration, layout, designing, and editing we decided a few years ago to only add a limited number of new squirrels to each upcoming calendar, to lighten the work load, to extend the series out, and to give new customers a chance to discover the favorites of previous years. New ideas are constantly being tossed around through out the year and I'm always on the lookout for the next crazy awesome hypothetical squirrel idea.
One difficulty we have when selecting new “animal” are the requirements for keeping our little guys cute, fuzzy, and being able to still look like squirrel at the final stage. Sorry, there will be no Octopus Squirrel in our calendars. It crosses our “Is it cute?” line and squirms right into something one might find in an H. R. Giger series. I certainly mean no disrespect to their work, after all I own several of their books. The Octopus Squirrel, and other hybrids of that vein, simply do not fit into what we want to create and share with our customers.
What exactly are the requirements for a potential Undiscovered Squirrel “animal”? Mammal, easily identifiable features to distinguish it from other animals, and appears significantly different than a squirrel. This last requirement is why the “Rabbit Squirrel” is a no show, the two animals look too much alike, the final product wouldn't appear very “undiscovered”.
Cute, yes, undeniably so. While cute is a requirement, it is not the over all goal for the undiscovered series. If one removes the tail off of the squirrel or adds a squirrel tail to the rabbit, the end product wouldn't carry that same intriguing quality that the other undiscovered squirrels possess.
I'm always eager to hear idea from others, even if the idea isn't chosen, there is always the potential for an outside idea to generate an even more fantastical Undiscovered Squirrel to present next year.
In this most recent edition I created the Armadillo Squirrel, this was by far the most ambitious of the series. There were so many opportunities for this little armored one to fail. He's technically a mammal, has fur and definitely stands out in a crowd, but their leathery armor was tricky to manipulate. It was simple enough to create the “shell” but the bulk of the work went into directing them in a cute direction. Real armadillo body armor is made up of small plates of bone, each covered by a layer of horny skin and separated from its neighbors by soft skin from which sparse hairs grow. This intricate armor was recreated in a similar fashion but with the coloring and fur texture of a squirrel. All the while, in the back of mind I was hoping “please don't end up looking like some freakish alien turtle”. I put off the tail for last. It took several weeks to develop viable a plan of attack for negotiating how to integrate the banded armadillo tail into the fluffy squirrel tail and have the two appear feasible. After a great deal of patience, adherence, and humility to hit command-Z repeatedly the image was complete.
Hopefully the next round of Undiscovered Squirrels will be just as unexpected as their predecessors and, as always, we hope people will take the same amount of enjoyment from them as we get from coming up with them.
The 2012 Undiscovered Squirrel Calendar is available at www.SquirrelStuff.com
Advertisements
Share this: Reddit
Twitter
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
- Advertisement -
Earthquakes in the nation's capitol are as rare as hen's teeth. The epicenter of Tuesday's quake was in Mineral, Virginia, which is located on three very quiet fault lines. The occurrence of yet another freak earthquake in an unusual location is leading many anti-fracking activists (including me -- they have just started fracking in Stratford, which is 40 minutes from New Plymouth) to wonder whether "fracking" in nearby West Virginia may be responsible.
Fracking, or hydraulic fracturing, is the process of initiating and subsequently propagating a fracture in a rock layer, employing the pressure of a fluid as the source of energy. The fracturing is done from a wellbore drilled into reservoir rock formations, in order to increase the extraction rates and ultimate recovery of oil and natural gas and coal seam gas.
How Fracking Causes Earthquakes
- Advertisement -
According to geologists, it isn't the fracking itself that is linked to earthquakes, but the re-injection of waste salt water (as much as 3 million gallons per well) deep into rock beds.
Braxton County West Virginia (160 miles from Mineral) has experienced a rash of freak earthquakes (eight in 2010) since fracking operations started there several years ago. According to geologists fracking also caused an outbreak of thousands of minor earthquakes in Arkansas (as many as two dozen in a single day). It's also linked to freak earthquakes in Texas, western New York, Oklahoma and Blackpool, England (which had never recorded an earthquake before).
Industry scientists deny the link to earthquakes, arguing that energy companies have been fracking for nearly sixty years. However it's only a dozen years ago that "slick-water fracks" were introduced. This form of fracking uses huge amounts of water mixed with sand and dozens of toxic chemicals like benzene, all of which is injected under extreme pressure to shatter the underground rock reservoir and release gas trapped in the rock pores. Not only does the practice utilize millions of gallons of freshwater per frack (taken from lakes, rivers, or municipal water supplies), the toxic chemicals mixed in the water to make it "slick" endanger groundwater aquifers and threaten to pollute nearby water-wells.
- Advertisement -
Horizontal drilling and multi-stage fracking (which extend fractures across several kilometres) were introduced in 2004.
The Research Evidence
I think it's really hard to deny there's a connection when the frequency of Arkansas earthquakes dropped by two-thirds when the Arkansas Oil and Gas Commission banned fracking (see http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/21/fracking-shutdown-earthquakes-arkansas_n_851930.html). Note that they didn't stop entirely, which suggests that fault disruption may persist even after fracking stops.
Braxton County West Virginia also experienced a marked reduction in their quakes after the West Virginia Oil and Gas Commission forced fracking companies to cut back on the pressure and rate of salt water injection into the bedrock (see http://www.hurherald.com/cgi-bin/db_scripts/articles?Action=user_view&db=hurheral_articles&id=43334).
According to a joint study by Southern Methodist University and University of Texas-Austin, earthquakes started in the Dallas/Fort Worth region after a fracking disposal well there began operating in 2008 and stopped when it was closed in 2009 (see http://www.watershedsentinel.ca/content/does-gas-fracking-cause-earthquakes).
Blackpool, England banned fracking immediately, without waiting to see if more earthquakes would occur.
- Advertisement -
The Need for Federal Action
Despite strong anti-fracking movements in New York, Pennsylvania and West Virginia -- based on dozens of cases of contaminated well water, poisoned livestock, destruction of wildlife, and tap water that catches fire and explodes -- fracking has proved extremely difficult to regulate on a state and local level. New York governor Andrew Cuomo seems intent to allow the New York fracking to lapse. And a West Virginia judge has recently overturned Morgantown's ban on fracking, on the basis that it violated the constitutional rights of Northeast Natural energy company.
Next Page 1 | 2
Image caption Nearly two in three said some tax powers should be devolved to the Welsh assembly
Wales cannot take on powers over income tax until an annual £300m underfunding by Westminster is addressed, says First Minister Carwyn Jones.
Their comments come as a poll for BBC Wales found almost two-thirds of voters think the Welsh assembly should have at least some influence over taxes.
Only about one in three wanted to keep the current system where the assembly has no power to vary taxes.
Support for Welsh independence remains weak, with 7% backing it.
This would rise to 12% if Scotland leaves the UK, according to the research.
The poll also shows strong support for the Welsh government's public sector-only approach to the NHS.
Pollsters ICM found 28% of people thought the assembly should have the power to reduce or increase all taxes.
A total of 36% said some tax-varying powers should be devolved within limits agreed with the UK government.
But 32% thought the assembly should have no powers over taxes.
'Transfer power'
The institution gained primary law-making powers in a referendum last year, but has no say over taxation.
Acommission into the future of devolutionis examining whether more financial powers, including over some taxes, should be devolved to Cardiff.
Analysis It appears that while there's no real demand for independence - even if Scotland leaves the union - Welsh voters have yet to be convinced the current settlement is the right one. It's striking that less than one year since the referendum more people want to see the assembly's powers increase than think that the current powers are sufficient. Politicians have always believed that there's no real desire among voters for the assembly to have powers over taxation. It's clear from the poll that almost two-thirds of voters believe the assembly should have taxation powers - even if they disagree about the extent of those powers. Maybe it's not a great surprise that voters in the home of the health service aren't that impressed by the changes the UK government in England - but the four-to-one rejection of the suggestion that Wales should copy the English reforms is one of the clearest results I've seen in any Welsh poll. Worth noting, perhaps, that neither the Conservatives nor the Liberal Democrats in the assembly have proposed that Wales should go down the English route when it comes to health.
The poll found 29% were satisfied with the powers the assembly has, while 36% said it should be more powerful.
A fifth (22%) thought the assembly should be abolished.
Seven per cent thought Wales should be an independent country, rising to 12% if Scotland votes for independence.
Mr Jones told Radio Wales the assembly has "substantial" new powers following the referendum but the poll showed that there were "still areas that need to be looked at in order to see that the devolution settlement works well".
They said the Welsh government's lack of control over energy policy meant Wales was "losing out big time in terms of jobs creation" in the sector.
They said there were some areas of tax, such as landfill tax, the aggregates levy, housing stamp duty and air passenger duty which they would like to see devolved to Wales.
But they said they would be "immensely suspicious" if the Welsh government was offered power over income tax.
They said independent assessments had shown Wales was underfunded in its grant from central government to the tune of £300m each year.
They said: "We're underfunded. If we took on powers over income tax, that would lock in the underfunding forever and that clearly isn't in Wales' interest."
They added: "Independence is simply not in the interests of Wales."
People shouldn't be looking at Wales through Scottish lenses - what happens in Scotland makes very little difference to what people in Wales actually want for Wales Prof Richard Wyn Jones, Wales Governance Centre
The Conservatives' leader in the assembly, Andrew RT Davies, said Welsh people had rejected independence.
"The arguments for the United Kingdom are clear," they said.
"The union has been a cultural and political strength which advantages all corners of it."
Plaid Cymru, the only one of the four main parties in favour of independence, said the support for further powers showed Wales was "growing in confidence".
Plaid AM Llyr Huws Gruffydd said: "The people of Wales are increasingly putting their trust in the assembly and devolution and they want to see more decisions made in Wales."
Rachel Banner, of True Wales, which campaigned for a No vote in last year's referendum, said politicians had interpreted the yes vote on primary law-making powers to seek control over more issues.
They said: "Last March, we were told that a yes vote would not lead to tax powers and here we are - we have a Silk Commission. Tax powers are on their way, it's inevitable.
"We've got this chain of event arising from the referendum last year that we never had a debate about."
Prof Richard Wyn Jones, director of the Wales Governance Centre at Cardiff University, said the plurality of support for more powers but very little support for independence was "striking".
They said: "People shouldn't be looking at Wales through Scottish lenses. What happens in Scotland makes very little difference to what people in Wales actually want for Wales."
There appears to be little appetite for the kind of NHS reform being pursued by the UK government, with 77% believing service delivery should stay as it is.
Only 18% thought that changes similar to those being introduced in England by the Westminster coalition should be imported.
ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1,000 Welsh adults by telephone on 24-26 February. Interviews were conducted across Wales and the results have been weighted to the profile of all Welsh adults.
The nine homes were built illegally in 2008 on private Palestinian land, and were ordered to be demolished by the Israeli high court in 2015, with the final demolition date set for March 5, 2017. The nine homes were built illegally in 2008 on private Palestinian land, and were ordered to be demolished by the Israeli high court in 2015, with the final demolition date set for March 5, 2017.
Israeli police spokesperson Luba al-Samri said in a statement Tuesday that eleven Israeli police officer sustained “minor bruises and even bites” as two settlers were arrested “on suspicion of assaulting police officers and disturbing the peace,” during the evacuation of the homes. Israeli police spokesperson Luba al-Samri said in a statement Tuesday that eleven Israeli police officer sustained “minor bruises and even bites” as two settlers were arrested “on suspicion of assaulting police officers and disturbing the peace,” during the evacuation of the homes.
that while eight homes had been cleared out -- with the residents of the homes leaving voluntarily -- hundreds of extreme right-wing Israelis and pro-settler activists had barricaded themselves inside the final ninth home, upon request of the family. Israeli news daily Haaretz reported that while eight homes had been cleared out -- with the residents of the homes leaving voluntarily -- hundreds of extreme right-wing Israelis and pro-settler activists had barricaded themselves inside the final ninth home, upon request of the family.
The law could grant official Israeli governmental recognition to more than a dozen illegal settlement outposts in the West Bank established on private Palestinian lands. The law could grant official Israeli governmental recognition to more than a dozen illegal settlement outposts in the West Bank established on private Palestinian lands.
The law states that any settlements built in the West Bank “in good faith” -- without knowledge that the land upon which it was built was privately owned by Palestinians -- could be officially recognized by Israel pending minimal proof of governmental support in its establishment and some form of compensation to the Palestinian landowners. The law states that any settlements built in the West Bank “in good faith” -- without knowledge that the land upon which it was built was privately owned by Palestinians -- could be officially recognized by Israel pending minimal proof of governmental support in its establishment and some form of compensation to the Palestinian landowners.
The high court ruled, however, that the law did not apply to the nine homes and that the demolitions must be carried out. The high court ruled, however, that the law did not apply to the nine homes and that the demolitions must be carried out.
Prior to the passage of the Regularization law, Prior to the passage of the Regularization law, Ynet reported that Israeli officials had met with settlers from the illegal Ofra outpost to inform them of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's determination to pass the bill into law, as well approve the construction of 68 housing units there.
Meanwhile, Israeli Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit has repeatedly stated that the bill contravenes both Israeli and international law and that the Israeli Supreme Court would likely strike it down, while Israeli officials have also reportedly expressed worry that the passage of the bill could land Israel in the International Criminal Court (ICC). Meanwhile, Israeli Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit has repeatedly stated that the bill contravenes both Israeli and international law and that the Israeli Supreme Court would likely strike it down, while Israeli officials have also reportedly expressed worry that the passage of the bill could land Israel in the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Tuesday's scenes at Ofra of hundreds of pro-settler activists barricading themselves inside homes, protesting, and clashing with mostly unarmed Israeli police officers mirrored the evacuation of the illegal Amona outpost earlier this month, in which 13 I sraeli settlers were arrested and 24 Israeli police officers were injured. Tuesday's scenes at Ofra of hundreds of pro-settler activists barricading themselves inside homes, protesting, and clashing with mostly unarmed Israeli police officers mirrored the evacuation of the illegal Amona outpost earlier this month, in which 13 I
Like the nine homes in Ofra, the Amona outpost was ordered to be demolished as per a Supreme Court ruling for being built on private Palestinian land, and was also excluded from being retroactively legalized by the Regularization law.
At the time of Amona evacuation, head of the Joint List Ayman Odeh, a member of the Knesset and a Palestinian citizen of Israel, criticized the police's double standard between use of force in Amona and in Bedouin villages in the Negev. At the time of Amona evacuation, head of the Joint List Ayman Odeh, a member of the Knesset and a Palestinian citizen of Israel, criticized the police's double standard between use of force in Amona and in Bedouin villages in the Negev.
“Amona is being evacuated after being built on Palestinian lands that were stolen 20 years ago, while Umm al-Hiran residents were being evacuated from their own lands, without stealing anyone else's lands,” Odeh said in a post on Facebook, referring to the “Amona is being evacuated after being built on Palestinian lands that were stolen 20 years ago, while Umm al-Hiran residents were being evacuated from their own lands, without stealing anyone else's lands,” Odeh said in a post on Facebook, referring to the deadly evacuation of a Bedouin village in January, during which the MK themselves was injured.
“Unarmed Israeli police is evacuating Amona in broad daylight, where they are being very cautious in dealing with Israeli settlers, while Israeli police carried out demolitions in Umm al-Hiran completely armed and equipped with military supplies,” Odeh added. “Unarmed Israeli police is evacuating Amona in broad daylight, where they are being very cautious in dealing with Israeli settlers, while Israeli police carried out demolitions in Umm al-Hiran completely armed and equipped with military supplies,” Odeh added.
BETHLEHEM (Ma'an) -- Two Israeli settlers were arrested while at least eleven Israeli police officers sustained light injuries on Tuesday as Israeli forces began evacuating nine homes in the illegal Israeli Ofra outpost, located in the central occupied West Bank district of Ramallah, according to Israeli police and media.
Greetings Captains!
The Lobi Crystal Consortium (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Quark Enterprises) has announced that they are no longer going to be offering the Year Of Hell Lock Box as in-game drops and rewards as of Tuesday, October 27th, 2015. Now's your opportunity to open one of these boxes for a chance at some spectacular prizes. For information on the Year of Hell Lock Box and the items that you have a chance to win, check out our blog here!
In addition, for a limited time only, we are running a special Lock Box promotion!
We understand that, as a Free-to-Play game, some players may have only recently started playing Star Trek Online. This means that they may have missed out on many limited-time features that are no longer available for acquisition. In order to offer these players the opportunity to experience everything that the game has to offer, we plan to periodically run promotional events that will bring back these retired features. Our hope is that both newer players, and returning players that are leveling up new characters, will be able to take advantage of these promotions to get their hands on rewards that would otherwise be unobtainable.
And so, from now until Tuesday, October 27th, 2015, players will once again be able to find previously-retired Lock Boxes dropping while playing content in Star Trek Online. This includes the:
Year Of Hell Lock Box
Vaadwaur Lock Box
Delta Expedition Lock Box
Xindi Lock Box
Undine Lock Box
Hirogen Lock Box
Voth Lock Box
Elachi Lock Box
Tal Shiar Lock Box
Dominion Lock Box
Temporal Lock Box
Tholian Lock Box
Ferengi Lock Box
Cardassian Lock Box
In order to get your hands on these retired boxes, you need to do nothing outside the ordinary – simply play the content you already enjoy experiencing in Star Trek Online. The chance to receive any of these Lock Boxes is the same across the entirety of the game.
Discuss in the forums
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Douglas_Fairbanks_at_third_Liberty_Loan_rally_HD-SN-99-02174.JPEG
On Friday, when the price of gold plunged we said it was "great news." That crash is continuing, with gold now below $1400/oz.
The idea behind saying the gold news "great news" is basically this:
The last few years have seen a major ideological battle take place.
On one hand you have established economists, who believe the government has tools at its disposal to address a crisis. These tools include deficit spending and a violent expansion of the Fed's balance sheet.
Conversely you have critics who slam the arrogance of economists and central planners, and who have predicted that all of this economic acrobatics would result in an economic collapse, hyperinflation, and an explosion in the price of gold. Gold is important to their worldview, because it represents a quasi-money that's not tied to any government or central bank.
Investing in gold is a rejection of government money and finance. Money flowing into gold-related assets represents a belief that rocks (however shiny they are) are a better place to invest than human endeavors (like stocks).
Here's a chart of the S&P vs. gold going back a few decades.
FRED
You can see that even with the recent upturn in stocks, relative to gold, gold has crushed stocks since 2000.
Arguably, 2000 represented a peak in belief in the capabilities of humans. The internet inspired all kinds of crazy optimism about how humans would re-shape the world for the better. The ebullience spread beyond the net. There was, for example, optimism about new ways of transporting humans: Fuel cells! Segway!
Of course, the bubble crashed. Then we had 9/11. Then we had two wars. Then we had the housing implosion. Then we had the financial crisis. Then the horrible recession. Then the European crisis and the debt ceiling and everything else.
In other words, we had a series of a event that, for good reason, shook our faith in humanity. During this time, people thought about history on a large scale. And gold, having been used as money for thousands of years, did pretty well, especially relative to stocks, which represent companies made up of humans.
If we zoom in on the above chart, we see that stocks vs. gold (red line) actually bottomed in Summer 2011. Stocks themselves bottomed in early 2009 (blue line).
FRED
The nadir of the red line came immediately after the US debt ceiling struggle, which is when it looked like the U.S. — weary of crisis and angry about everything — might do the unthinkable and blow itself up by not paying its debt.
That didn't happen (fortunately) but if you want to pinpoint a time when it made the most sense to believe in rocks over humans, that was probably the moment.
Since then, the fever has begun to break.
Washington is fractious, but not like it was in 2011.
Housing, which was central to America's national malaise, has begun to turn around for real.
Note that the XHB (homebuilder ETF) made its bottom right around then, and then began to turn around for real (via Stockcharts.com).
Stockcharts.com
So ultimately, the decline of gold and the rise of stocks is a big trend that everyone should cheer.
The huge corpus of economic research, which has informed the US' efforts to stimulate the economy, is not a pile of garbage. You can do a lot without blowing things up, as the goldbugs claimed would happen.
And more broadly, this represents a breaking of the fever, and perhaps a return to thinking that humans aren't such a horrible disappointment.
- Pinellas County deputies say a man shot an intruder at their Largo home after they caught a burglar in the act.
The shooting happened just before 2 p.m. Sunday. Deputies say the homeowner, Wayne Nundy, discovered an intruder in their backyard. Investigators say the burglar was trying to get into Nundy's detached shed. The two got into a struggle, resulting in the shooting.
Deputies say Nundy shot the unidentified burglar, causing life-threatening injuries.
Neighbors tell FOX 13 Nundy is a retired ex-marine. They say Nundy fired a warning shot and when the burglar continued to advance, they shot the intruder in the leg.
Suzanne Halsted says they heard the commotion, found out what happened and applauds the actions of their neighbor.
"I think they did a great job. I commend them I really do I think they did a great job,” they said. “I'm so grateful that they protected their family and protected their neighbors."
Deputies have not given an update on the burglar's condition or said if any charges will be filed.
Sitting down to talk with Harley Streten, known by many as Flume, was an absolute honor. Harley's one of the most humble and down-to-earth producers I've ever met—compound that with their killer releases and live performances in the last year and you've got yourself an Australian powerhouse. In this discussion we talked about Harley's roots, their take on genres, and the atmospheres they perform in, culminating in some heartfelt advice for aspiring producers. Without further ado, Flume.
If you could go back in time and give advice to thirteen-year-old Harley, regarding production, music, and touring, what would you tell him?
I'd say something about not getting too caught up in genres, just writing all kinds of music. I think it's important to experiment and write all kinds of genres. If you learn how to make a genre of music that you like, and that's all that you focus on, you can fall into a trap of not learning how to make anything else. Once you learn how to make other genres you learn how other music sounds better, just in general, so I'd tell thirteen-year-old Harley to write all sorts of interesting stuff and experiment.
Also, that there was an Ableton Live school in Sydney. I'd tell them that. I didn't know about that until much further down the track, but I was always looking for somewhere to figure out how to do new stuff. Somewhere I could get knowledge from.
What was the inception of your career in music? Did that DJ software you got from a cereal box ignite the passion for you?
Yeah, I actually got that from the cereal box, then went down to the computer game store and got a program called eJay. I came back the next day and was like, “this is really great, do you have anything else like it?” And you know what? The dude who was working at the store actually made music himself, and they go, “I'll help you out.” They told me to come back next week, and they burned me a CD of all these cracked programs: Cubase, FL Studios, Ableton… all these cracked logins. And just gave it to me. So then I got into how it all worked. And now I use Ableton.
What's your favorite kind of venue to perform in?
I like a balance. Festivals and clubs both have their pros and cons. If I was doing a huge tour, I would prefer festivals, because they're way more chill. You've got catering during the day. If you're doing one-off gigs, you're part of the party when you're in a small club. You're sweaty, everyone else is sweaty. Whereas at a festival, you're up here on this big stage looking down upon the crowd, and there's this big barrier between you and all the people.
Who's your favorite Australian producer?
Right now there are heaps of good stuff coming out. Hayden James is doing some good stuff. Wave Racer. Touch Sensitive. There's a lot of young talent coming through. LDRU. These are all definitely names to keep an eye on.
Where do you expect the creative direction of electronic music to go in the next year?
I feel like the whole Disclosure thing is doing really well; I feel like people are getting into different kinds of music. The Flume stuff, especially in Australia, has broken into the mainstream. Electronic music used to be so underground, and now it's so in the mainstream that when people hear electronic sounds they can get more into it. It's exciting to see what comes through. All the Majestic Casual stuff is really good, so I've been going through Bondax and the like.
What's your involvement in social media been like?
I used to really, really keep an eye on it, as well as the charts. I still do. I try to do social media posts every day. I like Instagram, but I do owe a lot of my success to SoundCloud and Facebook, just because that's how I really got out there and got overseas. The reason why I can do gigs around the world is because those things were in the hundreds of thousands of likes and follows; it's like having a million people at your fingertips. I can just put out a new song and the response is nuts.
Tell us about your production process for your remix of “You & Me.”
I actually didn't have much time—I had just come back from a tour—and my mate was like, “you really should do this Disclosure one.” And then I kinda got into it. That one wasn't really straight away, but I pushed it, and it came together at the last minute, which is really cool. I didn't want to try to add to it; if I didn't know how to make a song better, then I'd make it different. So then I just decided to write my own track, work the vocal in, and that's how that came about.
What kind of advice would you give to someone who was getting into producing right now?
I reckon if you're going to start making tracks, just write as much music as possible. Don't spend a month trying to finish a song. Write a song a day; if you don't finish it, then whatever, move on. The more you write, the more you learn. If you just focus on perfecting one song, you're going to get frustrated and you're not going to learn from mistakes because you're not trying out new songs. So I'd say write as much material as possible and wait until you feel that it's really good, then put it up on SoundCloud. Then start shipping around to labels, but wait until you're actually really happy with what you've got. Otherwise, you can blow your shot with a label. If you've been sending them tracks for three years, they're going to stop listening to them after a while. Just send one or two of your best, and that's it.
Like this: Like Loading...
This 2015 file photo posted on the Twitter page of Jabhat al-Nusra, an al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria, shows al-Nusra fighters in Idlib province where the United States has begun to strike the group's leadership. (AP)
President Obama has ordered the Pentagon to find and kill the leaders of an al-Qaeda-linked group in Syria that the administration had largely ignored until now and that has been at the vanguard of the fight against the Syrian government, U.S. officials said.
The decision to deploy more drones and intelligence assets against the militant group formerly known as Jabhat al-Nusra reflects Obama's concern that it is turning parts of Syria into a new base of operations for al-Qaeda on Europe's southern doorstep, the officials said.
The move underlines the extent to which Obama has come to prioritize the counter­terrorism mission in Syria over efforts to pressure President Bashar al-Assad to step aside, as al-Nusra is among the most effective forces­­ battling the Syrian government.
[Amid a world of problems, Trump's policy prescriptions remain opaque]
That shift is likely to accelerate once President-elect Donald Trump takes office. Trump has said they will be even more aggressive in going after militants than Obama, a stance that could lead to the expansion of the campaign against al-Nusra, possibly in direct cooperation with Moscow. The group now calls itself Jabhat Fatah al-Sham — or Front for the Conquest of Syria — and says it has broken with al-Qaeda, an assertion discounted by U.S. officials.
President Obama arrives at the 71st annual U.N. General Assembly in New York, on Sept. 20, 2016. (Peter Foley/Via Bloomberg)
The United States has conducted sporadic strikes in the past against veteran al-Qaeda members who migrated to northwestern Syria from Afghanistan and Pakistan to join al-Nusra and whom U.S. officials suspected of plotting against the United States and its allies.
Obama's new order gives the U.S. military's Joint Special ­Operations Command, or JSOC, wider authority and additional intelligence-collection re­sources to go after al-Nusra's broader leadership, not just al-Qaeda veterans or those directly involved in external plotting.
The White House and State Department led the charge within the Obama administration for prioritizing action against the group. Pentagon leaders were reluctant at first to pull resources away from the fight against the Islamic State.
But aides say Obama grew frustrated that more wasn't being done by the Pentagon and the intelligence community to kill al-Nusra leaders given the warnings they had received from top counter­terrorism officials about the gathering threat they posed.
In the president's Daily Brief, the most highly classified intelligence report produced by U.S. spy agencies, Obama was repeatedly told over the summer that the group was allowing al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistan and Afghanistan to create in northwest Syria the largest haven for the network since it was scattered after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Officials also warned Obama that al-Nusra could try to fill the void as its rival, the Islamic State, lost ground.
Lisa Monaco, Obama's White House homeland security and counter­terrorism adviser, said Obama's decision “prioritized our fight against al-Qaeda in Syria, including through targeting their leaders and operatives, some of whom are legacy al-Qaeda members.”
“We have made clear to all parties in Syria that we will not allow al-Qaeda to grow its capacity to attack the U.S., our allies, and our interests,” they said in a statement. “We will continue to take action to deny these terrorists any safe haven in Syria.”
In this 2013 photo, which has been authenticated based on its contents and other AP reporting, rebels from al-Qaida affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra sit on a truck full of ammunition at Taftanaz air base, that was captured by the rebels, in Idlib province, northern Syria. (Edlib News Network/AP)
To support the expanded push against al-Nusra, the White House pressed the Pentagon to deploy additional armed drones and intelligence-collection assets in the airspace over northwestern Syria, an area that had been sparsely covered by the United States until now because of its proximity to advanced Russian air-defense systems and aircraft.
[Who will Trump be as commander in chief?]
A bitterly divided Obama administration had tried over the summer to cut a deal with Moscow on a joint U.S.-Russian air campaign against al-Nusra, in exchange for a Russian commitment to ground Syrian government warplanes and to allow more humanitarian supplies into besieged areas. But the negotiations broke down in acrimony, with Moscow accusing the United States of failing to separate al-Nusra from more moderate rebel groups and Washington accusing the Russians of war crimes in Aleppo.
Armed drones controlled by JSOC stepped up operations in September, according to military officials.
Drone strikes by the U.S. military under the program began in October and have so far killed at least four high-value targets, including al-Nusra's senior external planner. The Pentagon has disclosed two of the strikes so far. One of the most significant strikes — targeting a gathering of al-Nusra leaders on Nov. 2 — has yet to be disclosed, officials said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss operations.
So far, Russian air-defense systems and aircraft haven't interfered with stepped-up U.S. operations against al-Nusra. Officials attributed Moscow's acquiescence to the limited number of U.S. aircraft involved in the missions and to Russia's interest in letting Washington combat one of the Assad regime's most potent enemies within the insurgency. U.S. officials said they provided notifications to the Russians before the al-Nusra strikes to avoid misunderstandings.
Officials said the expanded al-Nusra campaign was similar to those that Obama has directed against al-Qaeda affiliates in Yemen, Somalia and Pakistan.
While al-Qaeda's central leadership in Pakistan has been decimated, the United States now faces more threats involving more extremists from more places than at any time since 9/11, Nicholas J. Rasmussen, director of the National Counterterrorism Center, told a Senate committee in September.
The push into the province of Idlib and other parts of northwestern Syria coincides with ­Pentagon-backed offensives in and around Islamic State strongholds in eastern Syria and in Iraq, which have attracted the majority of U.S. military resources and public attention.
White House officials had considered launching a more systematic campaign to destroy al-Nusra from top to bottom, much like the Pentagon's approach to the Islamic State. But that option was rejected as too resource-intensive. Many of al-Nusra's fighters are Syrians who joined the group because of its ample supply of weapons and cash, and its commitment to defeating Assad, not to plot against the West.
Officials said the strikes on leadership targets were meant to send a message to more-moderate rebel units, including those backed by the CIA, to distance themselves from the al-Qaeda affiliate. At critical moments during the five-year-old civil war, moderate rebel units have fought alongside al-Nusra in ground operations against Assad's forces. In fact, U.S. officials credit those rebel campaigns in the spring of 2015 with putting so much pressure on the Syrian government that Russia and Iran decided to double down militarily in support of Assad.
U.S. officials who opposed the decision to go after al-Nusra's wider leadership warned that the United States would effectively be doing the Assad government's bidding by weakening a group on the front line of the counter-
Assad fight. The strikes, these officials warned, could backfire on the United States by bolstering the group's standing, helping it attract more recruits and resources.
Officials who supported the shift said the Obama administration could no longer tolerate what one of them described as “a deal with the devil,” whereby the United States largely held its fire against al-Nusra because the group was popular with Syrians in rebel-controlled areas and furthered the U.S. goal of putting military pressure on Assad. Russia had accused the United States of sheltering al-Nusra, a charge repeated Thursday in Moscow by Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
“The president doesn't want this group to be what inherits the country if Assad ever does fall,” a senior U.S. official said. “This cannot be the viable Syrian opposition. It's al-Qaeda.”
Officials said the administration's hope is that more-moderate rebel factions will be able to gain ground as both the Islamic State and al-Nusra come under increased military pressure.
A growing number of White House and State Department officials, however, have privately voiced doubts about the wisdom of applying U.S. military power, even covertly, to pressure Assad to step aside, particularly since Russia's military intervention in Syria last year.
U.S. intelligence officials say they aren't sure what Trump's approach to U.S.-backed rebel units will be once they get briefed on the extent of the covert CIA program. Trump has voiced strong skepticism about arming Syrian rebels in the past, suggesting that U.S. intelligence agencies don't have enough knowledge about rebel intentions to pick reliable allies.
[Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump]
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and other Pentagon leaders initially resisted the idea of devoting more Pentagon surveillance aircraft and armed drones against al-Nusra. In White House Situation Room meetings, Carter and other top Pentagon officials argued that the military's resources were needed to combat the Islamic State and that it would be difficult to operate in the airspace given Russia's military presence, officials said.
While Obama, White House national security adviser Susan E. Rice, Secretary of State John F. Kerry and special presidential envoy Brett McGurk agreed with Carter on the need to keep the focus on the Islamic State, they favored shifting resources to try to prevent al-Nusra from becoming a bigger threat down the road.
A senior defense official said additional drone assets were assigned to the JSOC mission. Carter also made clear that the Pentagon's goal would be to hit al-Nusra leadership targets, not take strikes to try to separate the moderate rebels from al-Nusra, officials said.
“If we wake up in five years from now, and Islamic State is dead but al-Qaeda in Syria has the equivalent of [the tribal areas of Pakistan] in northwest Syria, then we've got a problem,” a second senior U.S. official said.
Read more:
Syria's Jabhat al-Nusra splits from al-Qaeda and changes its name
Is al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria no longer a ‘sideshow'?
Tracking the Islamic State's rise
Depending on your beliefs, the experience of death hovers over our lives like an unknowable but inevitable void. Aside from the well-cited 'bright-light at the end of the tunnel' cliché, we have no idea what it's going to look or feel like, but we know for sure that we're all eventually going to find out.
One person who has a better idea than most is Sam Parnia, the director of resuscitation research at Stony Brook University School of Medicine in the US, who has conducted the largest study to date on resuscitated patients in an attempt to try to unravel the mental and cognitive experience of dying. As part of their research, he's interviewed more than 100 people who've been brought back to life after suffering from a fatal cardiac arrest, and found that nearly half of them have some memory, ranging from terrifying to blissful, of their death.
Publishing in the journal Resuscitation, Parnia has grouped those memories into seven broad categories, proving that dying is a far more diverse experience than we've previously imagined. These categories are:
Fear
Seeing animals or plants
Bright light
Violence and persecution
Deja-vu
Seeing family
Recalling events post-cardiac arrest
That last one is pretty fascinating, with two of the patients interviewed able to recall the events that happened after they had technically died and, according to our understanding of the human brain, should have ceased to be aware.
"We know the brain can't function when the heart has stopped beating, but in this case conscious awareness appears to have continued for up to three minutes into the period when the heart wasn't beating, even though the brain typically shuts down within 20 to 30 seconds after the heart has stopped," Parnia told The National Post last year.
However, these recall experiences only occurred in 2 percent of patients, and the majority of people remembered seeing and feeling things that weren't real at the time of their death.
"I was terrified. I was told I was going to die and the quickest way was to say the last short word I could remember," said one patient. Another explained that it felt like "being dragged through deep water with a big ring and I hate swimming - it was horrid".
But it's not all bad news: 22 percent of patients had a pleasant experience, seeing plants and animals, their family, or simply feeling a warm light before the end.
Last week, a reddit thread also probed the experience of death, asking those who have technically died to report back on what it really felt like. Obviously the responses are unverified, but they back up Parnia's conclusion that the experience is incredibly diverse.
Adam Withnall over at The Independent has written a fantastic review of the responses, but overall, they find that they can be broadly grouped into three categories. "There are those who felt nothing at all; those who had an experience of light and some interaction with another person/being; and those who felt they could watch what was happening while they were 'dead' without being able to do anything," they write.
Here is just a small sample of the more than 700 comments on the thread:
"I was getting an angiogram done, wide awake watching the screen and talking to the doctor. Alarms started to go off and everyone became panicked. My world became soft and foggy and everything faded to black. Next thing I remember was opening my eyes and hearing a Dr ay "we got them back". It was really a peaceful feeling more than anything."
"I collapsed at a work meeting in February 2014 and had no pulse or cardiac rhythm for about five minutes. My last memory was from about an hour prior to the incident, and my next memory was from two days later, when I emerged from a medically-induced coma."
"Pure, perfect, uninterrupted sleep, no dreams."
"I do remember a little bit of the ambulance ride, but not from my own body. It was seriously the strangest thing I have ever experienced. It could have been a dream, but I saw my own unconscious body, completely flatlined, in the ambulance. I remember the EMT who was in the ambulance with me (whom I did not see before I passed out) had mint green hair and I couldn't remember their name, but I asked for them when I regained consciousness about three days later."
"I was standing in front of a giant wall of light. It stretched up, down, left and right as far as I could see. Kind of like putting your eyes 6" from a fluorescent lightbulb. The next memory I have is waking up in the hospital."
"I saw nothingness. Black, long empty, but I had a feeling like everything was great and nothing was wrong at all. Imagine how preexistence felt, much the same as post existence."
Parnia hopes their research opens the door for further research into near-death experiences, and will also encourage people think about the end of our lives in a more scientific way, and taking death out of the realm of religion or superstition.
"Anyone with a relatively objective mind will agree that this is something that should be investigated further," Parnia told BBC Future. "We have the means and the technology. Now it's time to do it."
Sources: BBC Future, reddit, The Independent
Last month ex-UFC fighter Thiago Silva made national news after being involved in a stand off with police in Florida. This followed Silva's showing up at the BJJ academy of famed grappler Pablo Popovitch, and allegedly threatening the famed grappler.
Popovitch was romantically involved with Silva's estranged wife, Thaysa Kamiji. However, Silva and Kamiji had been separated for an extended period before Kamiji got involved with Popovitch; the relationship was not a cause of the break up, but followed it.
Silva was eventually taken into custody without incident and charged initially with two counts of attempted felony murder. The court later determined there was insufficient probable cause to levy the murder charges, as no shots were fired. Silva was instead charged with two counts of aggravated assault with a weapon, aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, and one count of resisting an officer without violence. They were held for weeks, before finally being released on $25,000 bond.
However Silva was released by the UFC very shortly after their arrest.
Now Popovitch is alleging that Silva's behavior was spurred on by Popovitch's ex-wife.
Via Facebook:
To all my friends and for those who know me:
What a struggle this has been for me. I worked so hard my whole life to build my gym, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Center, which I consider my home, my family. Recently it seems like the news, and my ex-wife (whom has become my worst nightmare), is destroying what my family and I took so long to achieve.
My marriage has been in turmoil for such a long time now, my wife, whom my whole my family always warned me about, and I never wanted to listen. I always gave them the best, and one day I realized after they helped me distance myself from my whole family, including my mom, who was always my best friend, and passed away 3 years ago, because of their inability to be a comprehensive person, and extremely selfish. One day I realized, that this person whom I had two children with, and lived almost 10 years of my life, never really loved me, never told me congratulations on one fight. Always seemed more interested in how much money I would make, and they could profit from, then us as a family. I don't want to spill all of my personal life, and it's not even the right thing to do, that's why it took me so long to say anything. But at this point, the fact that they make it seem like our marriage was so perfect, that they are such a perfect mom to our two boys, just makes me sick.
We have been living in different rooms for over a year now. While they slept in the master bedroom, I slept in the floor of an office. They filed for divorce in 2011, and we tried to reconcile. It didn't work, again living with someone who was more interested in everything they had going on, than working on us. I met Thaisa, and we trained together for a while. I'm not saying that us ending up together was the right thing to do, but what is the right thing to do, try to work things out with someone who instead of helping us grow, and that I literally found out would pocket the money I'd give them for groceries, to leave our refrigerator always empty, so they can buy personal things. Who when we started having financial difficulties, and I asked to help out around the house by working, they would straight out tell me that they worked already too much, ONE HOUR A DAY in their bootcamp. When I told them they had talent, and they should also maybe become a personal trainer at a gym, they would make comments like “they only pay $35.00 an hour.”
Everything was settled for us, we made an agreement, we decided to get our own places. I waited till they found an apartment for them to live with my boys, paid for moving, the move in costs for the rental. Gave them the money we had agreed on that I would give them every month. I was taking my boys every other weekend, and seeing them twice a week. Everything was perfect. Then they started contacting Thiago Silva, sending them pictures and creating a bigger fire than it was on how long I have actually been with Thaisa. I guess they needed revenge for us not working out. When they found out that I was seeing Thaisa, they started calling my little sister, me and my brother-in –law, freaked out that they knew Thaisa's ex-husband was crazy, and telling us to be careful. That if they found out, they would go insane. Later we found out, after they were arrested, that when the detective got ahold of their phone, it was Fabianna provoking everything. They would text me that they were scared of this guy, and right after text them egging them on to get pissed and come after me. I have evidence that the day Thiago Silva came to my gym, and threatened us. They sent a message to both my sister and brother in law scared for their life our families life because Thiago had threatened them and the family. The same day, at night they came to my gym with a gun, screaming out my name, and threating everyone at the school. Funny enough, last week, the mother of my kids, goes to court to defend this monster, that could have killed me, the father of their kids, or even their own kids, that were at the gym training jiu-jitsu just a few hours before. Why would they defend him, but yet try to scare the whole family that they could hurt anyone of us? What kind of games is they playing with this guy? What kind of mother is she? I don't know who this person Fabianna is anymore. They jeopardize everything, me seeing my boys, my business, our peace of spirit for them revenge.
The crazy part is, I couldn't understand why this guy came to my gym, they have a girlfriend, has another girl in Brazil pregnant of 5 months, why the hate towards someone they are clearly not with anymore for some time? It's all clear now, Fabianna drove them so much over the edge, exaggerating how long I have really been with Thaisa, and everything else they did to persuade them to come to the gym with a gun.
I hope that soon enough I get my gym to be in peace again, and have my family go back to normal. I miss my boys, and this is a nightmare.
Below you will see the text message from Fabianna to my sister and to my brother in law the day Thiago Silva went to our school and threatened us.
Helicopters assigned to the Black Knights fly over Japan en route to the mainland to deliver disaster relief supplies in support of Operation Tomodachi, March 13, 2011. U.S. Navy photo/MC Dylan McCord
U.S. military helicopter crews tested posted for radiation exposure today after flying relief supplies into the tsunami-ravaged northeast of Japan.
Navy helicopters from the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan and from Naval Air Station Atsugi located outside Tokyo flew 29 sorties Tuesday.
On their return, reports CBS News national security correspondent David Martin, crews tested positive for radiation and had to be decontaminated.
In some cases, crews were giving potassium iodine pills - no crews had to be given potassium iodine yesterday when 17 crew members returning to the Reagan tested positive.
Positive readings for radiation were also made at a U.S. Naval installation 28 miles south of Tokyo.
The readings at Navy Base Yokosuka (which is about 160 miles south of Fukushima) mean winds carrying a plume of radioactive emissions from the damaged nuclear reactors in Fukushima have shifted direction and are likely passing over the capital.
U.S. military airlifts aid to Japan quake victims
Special coverage: Disaster in Japan
The military is now doing sophisticated calculations to figure out how long crews, planes and helicopters can remain in the plume.
Martin also reports that a U.S. Naval amphibious group led by the Essex has changed its route - instead of operating off of Japan's east coast, the group will now go around Japan via the Inland Sea and operate off of the west coast.
STORY WRITTEN BY DUTCH GODSHALK
dgodshalk@21st-centurymedia.com
@dutchgodshalk on Twitter
PHILADELPHIA >> King Midas, ruler of the Phrygian kingdom, was the golden boy of the Iron Age — a man of great wealth and renown.
It's been said that Midas had the Golden Touch, an ability bestowed on them by the god Dionysus. Anything the king came in contact with, no matter how ordinary or worthless it was, would transform at once into flaxen treasure.
There are many versions of the tale, some more pleasant than others. The Greek philosopher Aristotle, in their “Politics,” drew a grim end to the tale, with Midas dying of hunger as every morsel of food turned to gold on their lips.
To this day, the myth of “The Midas Touch” lives on in popular culture, in countless books, films and songs — even in the marketing campaign of a full-service auto repair chain.
For some, the story is a cautionary tale, warning of the shortsightedness of avarice, the perils of insatiable greed. For others still, it remains a desirable dream scenario: riches beyond one's most extravagant fantasies, all within arm's reach.
Considering King Midas ruled between 750 and 700 BCE — around the time when Homer's “The Iliad” was first written down — this amounts to one seriously long legacy.
But how much truth is there to the myth? Who was this King Midas really?
For the last 65 years, Penn Museum archaeologists have been excavating Gordion, the capitol city of the Phrygian kingdom — located south of the Black Sea in what is now the Republic of Turkey — in search of answers to the most burning questions about King Midas, as well as a more dimensional view of the society over which they ruled.
And now, from Feb. 13 through Nov. 27, the findings of those many decades of work will be on display in the Penn Museum. “The Golden Age of King Midas,” featuring a remarkable collection of 150 objects, including more than 120 on loan from four museums in the Republic of Turkey, offers a compelling view of what life was like when Midas held power nearly 3,000 years ago.
“As we prepare to open this exhibition, this remarkable collaboration with the Republic of Turkey, I'm excited to be able to share the Gordion and King Midas story with you,” said Williams Director of Penn Museum Dr. Julian Siggers during an exhibition preview Monday, Feb. 8.
After “65 years of excavation, starting in the 1950s and continuing today, Gordion encapsulates, probably better than any other Penn excavation, what we do,” they added. Using “ground-breaking scientific techniques that have set the standard for excavation,” the work done at the Gordion site “substantially added to our knowledge of the ancient periods.”
Among the numerous ancient objects on display in the Penn exhibition are bronze cauldrons and beer jugs, gold jewelry, a section from a pebble mosaic floor, a massive stone relief bearing the form of a winged genie — and a full stock of items exhumed from the tomb of King Midas' own father, Gordios. Known as Tumulus MM, the tomb is the oldest standing wooden building in the world, according to materials from the museum.
Through these, and many more artifacts, life during the 8th century BCE takes shape for museum guests. As the timeline of Midas' reign unfolds, ancient anecdotes are revealed. The lives of royalty and servants, of entire kingdoms of the Iron Age, are made tangible — and even, in little ways, relatable.
“We don't just exhibit objects,” said curator Dr. C. Brian Rose during the event preview, “we dig them up. We make sure they're conserved. We write the narratives that we can construct. We try to bring them to life.”
And helping to bring life to these artifacts are clever touches of technology: an illuminated model of Gordion that details a great fire that burned through the citadel; a user-controlled virtual tour of Tumulus MM, set up like some ancient arcade game.
What's more, a reconstructed bust of Gordios themselves is on display, a plaster cast made according to the man's own skeletal remains. Putting a literal face to the name, the bust also suggests what King Midas might have looked like, if the king in any way resembled their father.
Throughout the exhibition are various touch-screen presentations offering short audio and visual lectures, including an interactive “Myth Book” that walks guests through some of the most famous stories about King Midas — including the myth of their Golden Touch, the truth of which is quickly explained.
According to the Myth Book, the Phrygian people coated the fabric of their clothes in goethite, a pigment that produces a golden sheen. So, to an observer, it would seem that all over their kingdom, Midas was surrounded by gold.
Like a game of Telephone played out over thousands of years, some yellow-hued clothing eventually gave life to rumors of a king's God-given golden touch.
That's a small spoiler, true. But, rest assured, it doesn't give too much away — the Myth Book is located mere feet from the exhibition's entrance; the remnants of an entire kingdom lie beyond it.
They were not even a Seahawks fan. The poor fellow sitting next to me in Toronto was not wearing the team colors of any NFL team, but they had decided to speak up when some Bills fan a few rows back started swearing. Their team was getting blown out, they had traveled some distance, and they had had one too many Molsons. This guy was their new entertainment, “What'd you say faggot?” The guy turned around and tried to reason with them, “There are kids around. Why don't you try to keep it down a little?” Reason went out the door after about the fourth Seahawks touchdown, if it ever was there to begin with, “The faggot wants us to keep it down. The pussy with the glasses wants us to keep it down.” This lasted for the better part of thirty minutes. Security was summoned three times, but did nothing. There was a real feeling that this guy was going to get jumped when they left the game. Thankfully, the Seahawks so thoroughly destroyed the Bills that these guys decided to hit the road with a some time left in the fourth quarter. It was a terrible display. It is also increasingly something we are hearing about at Seahawks games in CenturyLink Field. Tomorrow is Fan Appreciation Day for the best fan base in the NFL, and it is as good a time as any to reflect on what kind of fans we want to be during what may be a historic stretch of Seahawks football.
I will say at the jump that I am not standing on any soapbox as I write this. As horrible as it may sound, I am a little conflicted about parts of this topic. I hate seeing opposing fans at the CLink. It is infuriating to see some of those fans come into our stadium and talk smack, cheer in Seahawks fans faces, and be intentionally provocative. I have been the guy that snickers when other Seahawks fans throw peanuts or popcorn kernels at opposing fans, especially the ones that are being obnoxious. I rag on opposing teams, if not the fans themselves. I would never try to intimidate anyone, but I can't say I want them to feel totally comfortable buying tickets for my team's home games.
Reading the article in today's Seattle Times about the group of mixed 49ers and Seahawks fans that were harassed at last week's game got me thinking again about this topic that has been bouncing around my head all season. Seahawks football is about to get extremely popular. A whole new generation of fans are going to be born in the coming years. We are already known for our noise. What else will we be known for? How will we handle prosperity?
Ask a Husky fan what it is like to watch a game in Autzen stadium. I have been there. I have seen human urine thrown on people. I consider Ducks fans to among the worst example of sportsmanship in the world, and I'm an Oregonian. There are some similar parallels, though, to the Ducks football history and that of the Seahawks. Both were mired in mediocrity for decades. Both fan bases carry a major chip on their shoulders about lack of national respect. Oregon fans add a frustration about lack of regional respect with big brother Seattle getting whatever scant attention comes the way of the Northwest. Duck fans took on a persona of “Fuck YOU!” It was their party, and they will pee if they want to. When U of O broke through and became an annual BCS power, there was an opportunity for Ducks fans to act like they had been there before. There was a chance to drop their baggage, and just revel in their new-found success. Instead, they have become the tacky nouveau riche. They are the guys buying lime green Ferraris that screech to a halt in front of the restaurant while someone with ten times the money strolls in unnoticed and knows the entire service staff. Class is something you know when you see it, and most certainly when you do not.
There have been multiple incidents at Seahawks games this year. Even law enforcement officials have been guilty of bad behavior. This Seahawks team may be on the edge of a historic run, one that should last for years beyond this season. It will be tempting to gloat and shove it in the faces of all the opposing fans and national media that belittled the team for so long. And frankly, a little chest pounding after 36 years is probably warranted.
Where I think I will try to do a better job of drawing the line is when there are kids around. I have made the conscious decision to leave my boys at home because I think NFL games are PG-13, at a minimum. That said, it made my stomach turn reading the accounts of those 14-year old 49er fans getting screamed at and intimidated both outside and inside CLink. I don't want anything to do with that. My team winning is where I find the joy. I'd be lying if I said I won't always enjoy seeing the Seahawks make an opposing fan shut their yapper with a big play. I'd also be lying if I said I am ever going to be happy to see an opponents jersey in our stadium. It is important to me, however, that Seattle Seahawks fans are known for noise and class. As the 12th Man is appreciated tomorrow, consider what you want that 12 flag to stand for in the coming years, and start making it happen.
Tinder, the dating app phenomena that since its 2012 inception has made more than six billion matches across the globe, like me has Iranian roots. After several months of matching, messaging and arranging meet-ups through Tinder, I was surprised to learn that two of its Los Angeles-based founders, Sean Rad and Justin Mateen, are both of Iranian descent. But back in Iran, a country that is considered the world's most internet censored nation, let alone a place that restricts interactions between unrelated women and men, is such an app accessible?
I recently returned to Tehran after two years, defying incessant and increasing calls from my family to marry, and had the opportunity to find out firsthand. During my time in Iran's capital, I noticed that dating had evolved from being a covert operation to something quite commonplace. Even though on several occasions I'd been stopped by the patrolling moral guidance authorities who questioned my relationship with the woman I'd been walking with, in many other ways dating is no longer as complicated as it once was.
Aside from illicit parties while mum and dad are out of town (or even illicit parties while mum and dad are in the house), an increasing number of cafés, restaurants and parks are popping up, making meeting and subsequently dating so much easier. But I wondered how much easier things might get for Iran's young hopefuls with the introduction of dating apps. Having just arrived from London, staring down at Tinder's familiar red flamed icon on my mobile, I was excited to find out if the app would work in Iran, and if so, how many here would be using it.
Even before mobiles got smart, their increasing presence in the socially conservative Islamic republic seemed to bring about a profound cultural shift. For the nation's bulging post-1979 Revolution baby boomers – the under thirty-fives that still account for nearly half the nation – mobile phones allowed individuals to interact with one another with less interception from moral authorities, be it the paramilitary militia known as the Basij, the Moral Guidance authorities or parents. But with my recent visit I noticed that things had shifted up a gear, with the nation's largest network operator offering cheap and widely available 3G and its closest competitor advertising a new 4G service. It is with the introduction of services like these that Iranians can more freely access app-based, location-sensitive dating services.
Experts say generation gap leading cause of runaways, prostitution in Iran Read more
With Tinder, Facebook details are selectively displayed for others to swipe right to show interest or left to reject – mutual interest gets a “match”, allowing for messaging and then more. Tinder has shaken off its reputation as a hook-up (read casual sex) app since going worldwide, representing itself more as a game for which users are asked if they want to “continue playing or chat” after each match is made.
For this player, Tehran's Tinder total availability tallied at 20 throughout my two-week visit. My preset London settings had only allowed me two swipes to the left before a message popped up below my profile picture telling me that there was “nobody new nearby”. Realising that two kilometres – my default distance setting – doesn't cover much of Tehran's ever-expanding metropolitan area of nearly 9 million residents, I slid my profile settings wide open, 50 kilometres and 18-50 age range. With this change, I saw my profile quickly linked with, among others, Sara, 22, not their real name, which goes for others in this article. (Publication was also delayed to protect the privacy of those who may have been active.)
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tehran's Milad Tower cafe. Photograph: Tehran Bureau
Sara's first profile picture showed them casually dressed, wearing a loose, white V-neck top and without a headscarf. I swiped right indicating to Tinder that I'm interested. Later that night it appeared she'd done the same as a message flashes up on my mobile informing me that we'd made a “match”. Following a brief exchange of messages and numbers, we made vague plans to meet.
To set up Tinder, you need to be on Facebook, but unsurprisingly social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter are blocked in Iran. Even with these blocks at least 4m Iranians use Facebook, according to the government's own statistics, with the Supreme Leader – or at least their office – being an avid tweeter, boasting 122,000 Twitter followers.
A site can be blocked outright, like the BBC, or filtered for containing a suspicious word in its name, like the Sussex police website. Despite such restrictions many Iranians continue to access these sites.
Within a day of arriving in Iran, a tech-savvy friend kindly set me up with one of the more common methods used by Iranians to evade the blocking, a virtual private network, or VPN. With their local bank card he'd pulled up a local site, made a payment of about one pound for a month's access, tapped in a few setting changes on my mobile, and as far as any server is concerned, I'm back accessing the digital world from the United Kingdom. My mobile's GPS however, still recognising me as a local to Iran, lets the active Tehran-based Tinder users know I'm in the same city.
“Hey Sara, how's your weekend going so far?” I begin in English, confident that they can speak the language based on their profile warning me that they don't “reply to boring clichéd messages, in case you are wondering”.
Fluency in English in Iran can suggest a certain status, but I use it just as much for practicality, what with my Persian being on a par with any Iranian pre-schooler. “Well so far everyday has been a weekend for me since i came back”, they respond, reassuring me that they do at least respond to clichéd if not boring messages. “How's yours?”
We shoot a few messages back and forth before I invite them to meet me at a café. “Im actually dying to find some decent coffee here,” they somewhat snobbishly answers, re-establishing their transient association with Iran and playing the foreign-thus-better card right back at me. I suggest a fancy new joint in a wealthy neighbourhood in the north of Tehran, a place that boasts urban-industrial chic interior design and more than 22,500 Instagram followers. They agree, and we both round up by pretending to be busy over the coming days, leaving a vague timeframe by which we'd meet.
Tehran's upscale Sam Cafe.
Then it was over to Leila, my second match, a young woman proudly wearing the Bayern Munich strip in their third profile picture. Leila seemed to be different from the average girl in Iran who likes to make an ostentatious display of herself. Leila wore little make-up and their hair seemed to be a natural colour.
“So tell me about yourself? In either language ;)”
I pick up.
A red bubble eventually pops out beside their smiling profile icon, “27, female”.
“27 and female!” I respond, not typing out how I'm figuratively ROFLing - rolling on the floor laughing.
I remind myself that they Are female by looking once again at their profile pictures and notice that she's made a little update between my exchanges with Sara. “I like the new pictures”, I tell her, referencing their cute smile. “Thanks fer the compliment”, they say. “U have great headshape”.
I tell them that I've not had that one before. “I had to come up with st”, they say.
Selfie culture a new battleground for the Iranian regime Read more
Leila tells me they Are between jobs. “So you have time to meet during the day to go for coffee?” I ask.
“I'm hesitant,” they say. I ask why.
“Bad memories…Bad experiences with tourists slash visitors.”
In an attempt to reassure them I send a link to some of my writing online, to which they type out a smiling smiley and adds, “trust building?”
After some additional reassurance from me they write, “…then no superior gaze?”
“Haha! That's funny,” I respond.
“To you maybe :D” they write back, before feeling comfortable enough to suggest we go for a stroll in the park in the coming days. And with that, like Sara before her, they leaf the specifics for later.
Several other unspecified plans chop and change during an afternoon as I take myself to Tehran's newly developed and hugely popular recreational area, known as the Park of Water and Fire. The park displays both of the elements, and also provides a massive dose of polluted air up top the adjoining double decker bridge that oversees the city, as well as a hideous highway. I take myself to the large skate park at the far end hoping to take shots of the skater girls and biker boys flipping their inline skates, skateboards, and adapted mountain bikes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Tehran skate park. Photograph: Tehran Bureau
As the sun sets and the temperature drops from cold to unbearable, I pick up the conversation with Sara in a WhatsApp message and ask them to join me at a nearby popular food court named Wooden Road – a series of international restaurants separated by little bridges arching over synthetic waterways. They agree to join me there instead of our previously planned location, but lets it be known that I apparently now have terrible taste in venues.
We meet, take a seat, order and get straight to business. They tell me about their digital startup and their hopes for it. We discuss facts and figures about Iran and its evolving online market, noting a buzz based on a rumoured $200m budget for digital startups in Iran by a South African company. Sara is frank and direct, questioning the details as I talk about my experiences of working in Iran, reconfirming my suspicion that we're having a business meeting rather than a date. They drop authors' names and book titles before stating that they believe everything, absolutely everything, should be commodified and commercialised.
“I believe that capitalism is the answer to our problems,” they confidently assert. I accept the challenge and question them about functions of the state, more specifically about how street lighting should be paid for. They don't up-and-leave, but the conversation intensifies as I notice the coffee kicking in – dating is easier with an alcoholic drink or three…when a nation's laws allow it, of course.
My meet-up with Leila, date number two, took place at another nearby park, probably Tehran's strangest. It is sunk into the ground and hosts a variety of odd animals - mostly exotic birds - caged up and taunted by a frightening number of street cats. The park is situated half-way up Tehran's longest street, Vali Asr, which once bridged two of the former Shah's palaces.
This was the street where I met Leila, shook their hand and stood silenced by how tall they are. Thankfully they were stumped too.
“Hi, I don't know how to do this. What do I say now?” they ask me, avoiding eye contact.
“How are you?” I both ask and answer. They answer with another question. “Where should we go?”
I continue the game and awkwardly ask, “How'd you get so tall?” before taking the lead and guiding us through the entrance.
They continue to avoid looking in my direction, made easier by us walking beside one another, but they put an end to the question game, and begins to open up: “My parents are doctors, quite religious I guess, but I have nothing in common with them. They find me odd.”
They don't see my lack of surprise and continues to tell me about how she'd studied engineering and was now between jobs. I'm reminded that although Iran has the largest student gender ratio difference across the world – with more females than males studying at university – finding work thereafter is hard for women, even before international sanctions were imposed. They ask themselves a few more questions and helpfully answers them too before asking me why I'm in Iran, what I do for a living as well as general questions about my confusing background.
We meander through the park, aimlessly choosing from the many paths separating banks of grass and trees, each with an adjoining bench and on each, a single cat shifting for the breaks of sunlight beaming through the trees that towered above. Our conversation was as fractured as the park layout, with mostly Leila feeding me parts of their life in patchwork. We passed a bench where an old woman sat feeding a large congress of cats, undeterred by the four men loudly commentating while playing on one of the park's fixed football tables. “Crazy cat lady,” says Leila, humorously in English, causing the cats to turn to see why I'm laughing.
I ask about their experiences on Tinder in Tehran and more specifically about the “superior gaze”. They tell me about their last date, also with an English man, but unlike me, fully so. I didn't fully understand what had happened, mostly due to my poor Persian, but it sounded like they had a good case for sexual harassment. They continued, telling me that she's not a prude but should their parents learn about their sexual activities she'd likely be kicked out of the house. On the other hand, they were clear that they don't take kindly to being treated like a sex object.
Both of my dates concluded with a simple handshake, followed by a slightly insincere “see you later,” although in the case of Sara, this still remains my hope. There was however one last Tehran Tinder encounter, but upon my return to London, which can occasionally happen when jumping between locations. I matched with Mena, 27, and after a brief exchange they asked me, “Is this a business trip?”
I then realised what had happened.
“Tinder thinks I'm still in Iran. I was there on business, pleasure and seeing family,” I respond to which they quickly reply, “So you're back home :)”
Returning to London and seeing profile pictures of girls in bars, drinks-in-hand or leaping into the air, star-shaped, in a bikini before a sunset, reminded me that yes, I was indeed back. Them message however, sent another reminder to me: I slide my settings back down to a more narrow two-kilometre range and 26-36 and “continue playing.”
Both of my Tinder dates in Tehran – although destined to be nothing more than just one-offs – were probably more successful than several of my London attempts. Tinder can be quick and callous, but this is how dating is in Iran, where the classic method of cruising here can display girls left and right, before a brief exchange that hopefully leads to a further exchange of numbers.
Although there aren't many users at the moment, I believe that Tinder is set to take off in Iran, not only because of the nation's quick adoption of most things digital but also because of the further empowerment that this type of technology enables the youth – allowing them to quite literally take things into their own hands for a change.
Get the Think newsletter.
Nov. 12, 2017, 9:50 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 12, 2017, 9:50 AM GMT By Sari Kamin
On a packed subway car a few weeks ago, I listened to actor Katherine Kendall on “The Daily” podcast describe their horrifying ordeal with Harvey Weinstein. The host, New York Times reporter Michael Barbaro, asked Kendall if their feelings about the incident had changed after they came forward. In a steady voice, Kendall answered that they were finally able to release the shame she'd held on to for so long. They felt as though they were “holding hands with all of the other women who had come forward.”
I reeled as I gripped the subway pole. Hot tears spilled onto my cheeks “I want that,” I thought. I wanted someone to hold my hand; I wanted to hold someone else's hand.
I had carried my own shame for 13 years. I'd told few people about my incident with James Toback because, for the most part, I still blamed myself. That wasn't something I wanted to admit. But when women started to come forward about Weinstein, I realized here was an opportunity to be listened to without being blamed.
It is a surreal thing to hardly speak of something for 13 years — until you tell it to the whole world on the Internet. I was unprepared for the consequences.
It is a surreal thing to hardly speak of something for 13 years — until you tell it to the whole world on the Internet. I was unprepared for the consequences.
And yet, something in our country's collective psyche has shifted. Women are being heard and believed. I felt I could reach other women if I spoke about my experience with Toback. That was reason enough to come forward — I hoped to prevent other women from falling prey to them in the same way. My fantasy was that they would be held accountable for what they had done to me — and what, I estimated were hundreds of other women.
And so I wrote a post for Medium detailing what had happened to me in 2003. I had told few people what about it, so I was terrified to publish such a personal story. I was scared no one would read it — and scared people would.
People read it. Women, mostly, searching the Internet for others sharing their allegations of sexual harassment and assault at Toback's hand. The remarkable thing is how similar all the accounts are. Toback, despite publicly denying any impropriety, seems to have had a playbook and rarely deviated from it.
It would start innocuously. He'd approach you on the street, in the park, or maybe at a deli. For me, it was a copy center. He'd ask if you were an aspiring actor, then tell you they felt a connection to you.
If you were like me at age 23 — and it turns out more than 300 women allege they were — this type of seeming kismetic encounter tapped right into the stuff of dreams. I wanted so badly to be noticed and taken seriously by someone of importance that it felt as if I had willed that moment into being. It felt plausible because I had imagined some iteration of so many times.
Next, Toback would pull out their credentials, so you knew they were the real deal. They were a movie director with a Motion Picture Academy membership card on hand. A follow-up meeting would be arranged — perhaps in a restaurant or a secluded corner of Central Park. They would say you are perfect for the lead in their next film.
This is when you start to wonder if they were feeding you lies. But the part of you that wanted to believe you are worthy of being discovered would drown out the quiet fear and apprehension starting to percolate.
Then another meeting would be scheduled — often framed as an audition. The setting would be in a hotel room or, sometimes, their apartment. Your brain is trying to signal desperately that this is probably a bad idea. But you go anyway.
When Toback told me to get undressed, I was humiliated. But they had created the pretense of a master class and I felt pressured to rise to the occasion.
This meeting quickly went from the professional to the personal. I was asked to disrobe and mocked when I protested. If I was uncomfortable, perhaps I wasn't truly serious about the craft? This is the hard part for people who have never been in a theater class to understand: A young acting student is told time and again to be open to all kinds of experiences, even the difficult ones. You are encouraged to be fearless and take risks. If you fall, good. It is learning how to pick yourself up that will make you better the next time.
It is not that our acting teachers wanted us to be violated. But, as actor Lupita Nyong'o wrote about Weinstein in The New York Times, “I was entering into a business where the intimate is often professional and so the lines are blurred.”
When Toback told me to get undressed, I was humiliated. But they had created the pretense of a master class and I felt pressured to rise to the occasion.
When they began to rub themselves against my leg, however, I could no longer bear it. I managed to get dressed and leave. Other women say they weren't as lucky. Other women say they were forced to stay.
After I came forward, women started to tell me their stories. There were emails, Facebook messages, tweets, calls and Instagram notifications. One woman called me in tears. They had read their own story in my words, and had never even told their husband what had happened. Old friends, old lovers, old acquaintances reached out to tell me they were proud of me.
It is a visceral thing — people nourish themselves on your truth until they are strong enough to speak their own.
I felt strong — until I started to crumble. I wanted to be there for all of them. Then I started to panic that I couldn't sustain the expectation of the person I had suddenly become. Strangers called me stupid online, blaming me for what had happened. I started to feel less like myself and more like a set of rag doll parts, barely held together at the seams.
Right now, however, an army of woman has issued a collective battle cry. We are working overtime to dress each other's painful wounds with words of support and encouragement. Some women are just finding their voice: For them, it's a whisper that each day grows a little more audible. For others, it is a shout or scream that has so long been silenced it can't be contained a moment longer.
When you set your voice free, it gets carried out into the world like a rocket floating in air. It lands in the hearts of others, penetrating their fear and strengthening their resolve. It is a visceral thing — people nourish themselves on your truth until they are strong enough to speak their own.
I released my shame and the weight of its escape cracked me open into a hundred little pieces that I'm now picking up and putting back into place. When I opened myself up, power came coursing through my veins and filled me with the strength of a warrior.
I have since been knocked down, like a sand castle struck by a wave. But I have found a way to stand up.
Because I am standing next to all the other women holding my hand; I am holding their hand.
Sari Kamin grew up in Shaker Heights, Ohio and attended Skidmore College before earning a Master's Degree in Food Studies from NYU.  They are the host of "Food Without Borders" on Heritage Radio Network, a weekly podcast about food, politics, and identity.
A sample survey on India's human development status carried out in 2011-12 by the National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) and the University of Maryland, US, suggests that one in four Indians practices untouchability in some form or the other.
The highlights of the survey, based on a sample of 42,000 households and published by The Indian Express today (29 November) are that 52 percent of Brahmins admitted to practising untouchability in some form or the other, with the percentages for non-Brahmin forward castes being 24, for OBCs 33, and 15 and 22 for the scheduled castes (SCs) and scheduled tribes (STs). Apart from Hindus (35 percent), Muslims and Sikhs also had a large proportion practicing untouchability (18 percent and 23 percent respectively. Only Christians had a relatively low 5 percent.
These results are not surprising, and will surely give endless joy to Brahmin- and Hinduism-bashers - who will carefully exclude the Muslim and Sikh practice of untouchability from censure. Moreover, there is the danger is deciding the glass is half-empty when it is half-full. If 73 percent of Indians do not overtly practice untouchability (we can never know about hidden attitudes), that is a gain from the near-100 percent who did a century ago. It is not a reason for self-flagellation.
But that need not detain us here. While detailed conclusions can be arrived at only when we get more details about the methodology used and finer data-points, some broad conclusions seem worth elaborating on. In fact, the real message of the survey is in its outlier data - not the ones that conform to our stereotypes.
#1: Brahmins and caste: The high percentage of Brahmins in the untouchability blacklist is believable for Brahmins have historically been the most obsessed about ritual purity and formed the priestly class. The positive thing to note from this distressingly high level of untouchability practised by Brahmins is that it is mostly confined to the Hindi heartland. Education seems to be a driver of progressive attitudes, not wealth.
A counter-point: My own belief is that changes in caste attitudes may have less to do with even education and more with urbanisation and the meritocracy brought in by a market-based economy. There might be a mine of information in the urban-rural data on untouchability in the NCAER survey (remember Ambedkar asked Dalits to move out of villages for precisely that reason). It's a pity we don't have time series comparisons with attitudes, say, before 1991 and now. Future surveys should track these things or else we will have no points of reference.
#2: Democracy and caste: The high percentage of casteism may seem shocking and a cause for much breast-beating, given that we abolished untouchability in 1950 with our modern constitution. But it needs to be seen against the reality that change in a democratic polity tends to be slow. It can't be forcibly eradicated. Electoral democracies, by their very nature, tend to polarise voters in order to create vote banks that politicians can benefit from. In India, electoral democracy has emphasised caste identities rather than reduced them.
Consider America's fight against racism as against our fight against casteism. America abolished slavery more than a century-and-a-half ago, but racist attitudes dominate more than 56 percent of Americans, according to an AP survey. This blog, in fact, points out that nine in 10 Americans can be considered to harbour racist attitudes – since racism is not a one-way street involving only whites. Blacks are racist too, in their own way. The difference between America and India is this: racism is more sophisticated and subtle in America.
#3: Minorities and caste: The NCAER data show that untouchability is high even among Muslims and Sikhs – whose religions have never been formally associated with caste discrimination. What this suggests is that caste is a social factor, and not just derived from Hinduism. Varnas and jatis may have originated in what we now call Hinduism, but it is widespread in all religions. If, as secularists say, it was the lower castes that converted out of Hinduism due to caste discrimination, then their plight ought to have been much better among Muslims and Sikhs. But this does not appear to be the case. These castes are now seeking reservations despite opting out of Hinduism.
Another counter-point: Just because Aids may have originated in Africa, it does not follow that Africans must bear the guilt for it. Ditto for caste. Where caste originated is less important than its eradication today – especially the attitudes of discrimination against the less fortunate.
#4: Us versus them: The real surprise is the high proportion of SC/STs who claim to practice untouchability. If 15 percent of SCs and 22 percent of STs practice casteism, it more or less torpedoes the theory that untouchability is something imposed only from above. Why would the disadvantaged practice discrimination among themselves when they themselves are victims of bias? What this implies is that caste is something more than a system of oppression. It is, in fact, a form of kinship, an affiliative institution, a form of social capital. There are in-groups and out-groups.
A counter-point: Caste can be form of discrimination born out of the all-to-human tendency to classify people into “us” and “them”. It may be no different from classifying people on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, nationality, gender or class. To understand why caste bias is no different from any other form of bias, consider this way of looking at it: if caste was treated as a separate religion or nationality, would we still consider it to be as abominable as when we classify it as a separate sort of evil? If each caste is considered a minority grouping, we would actually give them protection under the constitution.
#5: OBC casteism: Another surprise: OBCs seem more conscious about caste than non-Brahmin forward castes, with 33 percent of the former admitting to the practice of untouchability compared to the latter's 24 percent. In fact, this attitude would be obvious in Tamil Nadu, where the dominant political power groups are the OBCs, and not Brahmins or SC/STs. Both Brahmins and SC/STs are discriminated against.
The anecdotal evidence in Tamil Nadu is that OBCs are harsh towards Dalits – Brahmins are not their oppressors. For example, in November 2012, OBCs from the Vanniyar community clashed with Dalits over an inter-caste marriage. In the Khairlanji Dalit killings of 2006, the media went overboard trying to pretend that it was an upper caste assault on Dalits. The reality is the violence was perpetrated by the politically-dominant Kunbi group of OBCs.
A counter-point: Caste oppression is often about the sharing of the spoils of economic power and not just caste feelings per se. This suggests that in future job reservations and efforts to uplift the downtrodden should be based not so much on caste identities, but a mix of caste and socio-economic status – with the latter being given higher weightage.
A larger point I would make is this: there are Brahmins and there is brahminism. The former refers to people born in a particular caste, and the latter (ie, brahmins, with ‘b' in lower case) is a pejorative descriptor. As an adjective, the world ‘brahmin' or ‘brahminism' can be taken to mean the discriminatory attitudes of the upper class elite. It is not just about Brahmins – the people born in the caste that goes by this name. The dictionary has this definition of brahminism: “the attitude or conduct typical of a social or cultural elite.”
What we need to root out is brahminism. Individual Brahmins themselves may be progressive or regressive. The meanings of the terms progressive or regressive vary with ideology.
Consider this: all the national leaders who were considered “progressive”, from Jawaharlal Nehru to PC Mahalanobis (the man behind our socialist and planned economy past) to the entire top leadership of the Communist parties and many of our eminent historians (Romila Thapar, et al) were brahminical – an upper crust elite who decided what was good for the country. They created a feudal system of patronage as the best way to help the poor. They led us down the path of growth-killing socialism and the so-called Hindu rate of growth.
Market-based capitalism, with its innate ability for creative destruction and anti-elitism, would have been the choice of Ambedkar, and also of another Brahmin, C Rajagopalachari.
My conclusion would be this: urbanisation, a market-based economy (with some exceptions) and a true meritocracy hold the keys to eradicating casteism and untouchability. This does not mean abandoning the support that the poor need to stand on their own feet, but it does mean choosing whom to help consciously on the basis of clear socio-economic criteria.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Hey there,
Here's another topic that relates to our larger series on
number pools and guaranteed combinations within fixed lists while still being worthy of having its own post. Regular expression matching with Perl for Linux or Unix is fairly simple at its most basic (as are most implementations of regular expression matching). Taken to its most remedial level, you can use a regular expression as a poor man's "grep" (and, oddly enough, the "re" in grep actually stands for regular expression). Although this use of regular expression pattern matching does have its place, it doesn't really merit use outside of tools designed to apply it in that manner and will suck all the joy right out of creating your own regular expressions. In many instances, a well thought-out regular expression can convince most non-technical people in the room that you're a computer genius who's brain possesses more synapses, forming more bridges and firing more rapidly than anyone's ever should. If you show someone something like "/word/" they're far less likely to be impressed ( unless they consider putting letters in between delimiters a Herculean challenge ;)
If you just up your game a little, you begin to see the power of regular expressions in Perl, and - every once in a while - find yourself in a state of utter confusion. Ironically, this is because most regular expression engines give you more than enough rope to get the job done (or is it just enough to hang yourself with? That's for later. We'll try to keep this post positive :)
Regular expression matching within Perl makes it very simple to find out if a certain pattern might appear within a certain expression. For instance, given the expression:
123456abc123456abc
You could construct a Perl regular expression to find out how many times the pattern "123456" occurs in that expression and then print all of those occurrences out in a very short script that you could just type at the command line with the -e switch (and the ending "g" option to your /REGEXP/ definition, which indicates that Perl should match the REGEXP as many times as it possibly can within the given expression - with some limitations, as we'll see below ):
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @variable = $variable =~ /123456/g;print "@variable
";'
123456 123456
And you can do the same thing to match all contiguous 2 digit numerals in your expression. This is where you'll get a result that you, perhaps, wouldn't expect or don't want:
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /\d\d/g;print "@variable
";'
12 34 56 12 34 56
While this is correct, per Perl's (and most other) regular expression parsing rules, you'll note that your expression only returns six sets of double digits (In order: 12, 34, 56, 12, 34, 56). This simple match functionality matches two digits and then moves on to the next two; effectively forgetting the 2 digits that bridge the first 2 digits to the second 2 digits. This is totally normal behaviour. Once the first 2 digits are matched, they are removed from the match pool and the process repeats on the, now, shorter string.
However, if you want (or need) to know how many contiguous 2 digit numerals appear in your expression, you would want to see output like this:
12 23 34 45 56 12 23 34 45 56
demonstrating that there are actually 10 matches on a regular expression looking for contiguous double digits within your expression. And, this can be done!
Using what is commonly referred to as a lookahead expression (or lookahead assertion), you can match all contiguous 2-digit numbers in your expression "correctly" (by which we mean that the overlapping matches won't get swallowed up or lost in the matching process). This command line will do just that for you:
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d\d))/g;print "@variable
";'
12 23 34 45 56 12 23 34 45 56
This sort of match is also called a zero-width assertion, meaning that the parentheses surrounding your regular expression (i.e. (?=YourRegularExpression)) don't do any capturing. In fact the "(?=)" part of the regular expression is built into Perl and defined as a zero width lookahead assertion. This means you can use it to match a pattern based on what comes after it. For instance the zero width lookahead assertion:
(?=\d)
would match a numeric character. But, it would specifically match when it was "following" something else. So if you had a string "abcdef3", this pattern - "(\w(?=\d))" - would match any alpha character followed by a numeric:
host # perl -e '$variable = "abcdef3"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(\w(?=\d))/;print "@variable
";'
f
and, yes, "f" is the only character in our string followed by a number.
So, basically, our expression "(?=(\d\d))" is matching any zero width (starting from zero and incrementing by one as many times as possible - because of the "g" we tag on to the end of our matches to make them "greedy" ;) pattern followed by 2 digits or numeric characters. You can prove that the lack of a character to "lookahead" from (as in our expression "(?=(\d\d))" ) will default to zero, by seeing what happens if you tell the pattern that you're looking for two digits following a single digit with "\d(?=(\d\d))", like so:
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /\d(?=(\d\d))/g;print "@variable
";'
23 34 45 56 23 34 45 56
You only get a return of 8 sets, instead of 10, on this match because you've stated that the first double digit match must follow a single digit. Knowing what you know now (without getting into negative lookahead assertions or lookbehind/negative-lookbehind assertions), it should be fairly simple for you to determine the maximum amount of sets you can generate from a given pool without worrying about normal regular expression loss. You can say, with certainty, that the string "123456abc123456abc" contains 12 single digits, 10 sets of double digits, 8 sets of triple digits, 6 sets of quadruple digits, 4 sets of quintuple digits and 2 sets of sextuple digits.
Below is a quick table showing you those results. Note that rather than just adding another "\d" to each line, which would make it spill over the edges of the page (if it hasn't already), we use the "{n}" notation, where "n" equals both the highest and lowest number of occurrences of your pattern (you can use {n,m} notation to indicate lowest (n) and highest (m), but using {n} is the equivalent of using {n,m} with both "n" and "m" being identical and is, therefore, more economical ...quite unlike this sentence ;)
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d{1}))/g;print "@variable
";' >-- The {1} isn't necessary, but we left it in there for consistency's sake.
1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d{2}))/g;print "@variable
";'
12 23 34 45 56 12 23 34 45 56
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d{3}))/g;print "@variable
";'
123 234 345 456 123 234 345 456
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d{4}))/g;print "@variable
";'
1234 2345 3456 1234 2345 3456
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d{5}))/g;print "@variable
";'
12345 23456 12345 23456
host # perl -e '$variable = "123456abc123456abc"; @ variable = $variable =~ /(?=(\d{6}))/g;print "@variable
";'
123456 123456
If you've checked out yesterday's post on determining maximum pool sets and combine it with this primitive "overlap matching" method of weighted distribution accounting, you can see that our Objective is beginning to come into sight :)
Cheers,
, Mike
Please note that this blog accepts comments via. See ourfor further details.
The planet's hot streak is crawling to a temporary end, but it's not over quite yet. September was the hottest such month on record, according to NASA, coming in at 0.91 degrees Celsius, or 1.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above average. This marks nearly a year straight of record heat, according to NASA, with 11 of the past 12 months ranking as the warmest on record.
September's record warmth assures that 2016 will be the warmest calendar year on record, taking over the top spot from 2015.
September only narrowly beat the previous warmest September, which occurred in 2014, making it a statistical tie, according to NASA.
According to a press release, September 2016's global average temperature was just 0.004 degrees Celsius, or 0.0072 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than September 2014.
With data now available through September, 2016 annual record (~1.25ºC above late 19th C) seems locked in. pic.twitter.com/Btp3Vutakn — Gavin Schmidt (@ClimateOfGavin) October 17, 2016
September's temperature anomaly was considerably lower than that for other months in 2016, which blew away historical benchmarks. July of this year was not only the hottest July, but also the hottest month the planet has seen since instrument records began in 1880.
That milestone was tied in August, which beat the previous record for that month by 0.15 degrees Celsius, or 0.27 degrees Fahrenheit.
Of the 11 record warm months in NASA's database, seven had temperature anomalies that were at or greater than 1-degree Celsius, or 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit, above the 20th century average. Before this warm streak, this monthly threshold had never been crossed before.
To climate scientists, such a threshold is significant particularly because world leaders are seeking to limit global warming to at or below 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, below preindustrial levels through 2100.
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which also keeps global temperature records, there have been 16 straight warmest months (September could become the 17th straight month of record warmth), which is unprecedented.
The September record virtually eliminates any doubt that 2016 will beat last year for the title of the warmest year on record.
Climate extremes seen during record warm year
The record warm streak was caused primarily by human-caused global warming, which is increasing global average temperatures over the long-term. In addition, a strong El Niño event helped heighten global average surface temperatures further.
“We continue to stress that while monthly rankings are newsworthy, they are not nearly as important as long-term trends," NASA's Gavin Schmidt, who directs the Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York, said in a statement.
The monthly analysis comes from data gleaned from about 6,300 meteorological stations around the world, ship- and buoy-based instruments measuring sea surface temperature, and Antarctic research stations.
The reading for September is preliminary, with adjustments possible as more information comes in. For example, NASA announced Monday that the June temperature record had been revised downward to make it the third-warmest such month on record. Had this revision not been made, September would have marked a solid year straight of the warmest months.
The extraordinarily warm year of 2016 has brought flood disasters to the U.S. — the most recent of which devastated parts of North Carolina — as well as in China. The flooding in North Carolina, which was the result of Hurricane Matthew combined with previous heavy rainfall earlier in the year, has broken all-time records in many locations in that state.
Kyle Hawley, right, and Trey Wood, pilot their boat through the flooded streets of their neighborhood in Greenville, N.C. on Oct. 12, 2016. Image: Brian Blanco/AP
Typically hot locations, such as India, Kuwait and Iraq, set new benchmarks for what constitutes their hottest days.
Meanwhile, the world's oceans have been suffering through the longest-lasting global coral bleaching event on record, which is now expected to last into 2017.
Meanwhile in the Arctic, both the Northwest and Northeast Passages were open for navigation, with a massive cruise ship passing through the Northwest Passage for the first time, carrying more than 1,000 passengers and crew.
In addition, a small sailboat has nearly completed its circumnavigation of the Arctic, during which it passed through both the Northeast and Northwest Passage in a bid to raise awareness of climate change impacts. During much of its voyage the crew saw little to no sea ice.
Arctic sea ice hit the second-lowest level on record, which continues the long-term trend toward a seasonally ice-free Arctic.
+1 7 2K Shares
The United States will officially be giving up control of the Internet on October 1st of this year, the Department of Commerce confirmed this week. The move, which is less than two months away, will be handing over the full authority, that the government has had over the U.S. created commodity since its creation 18 years ago, to a nonprofit multi-stakeholder entity.
President Obama has been pushing to turn over control of ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, to an international body, and to privatize the Internet's domain naming system (DNS) for years. Obama, who believes the internet has become a global entity and somewhat of a universal right, has received backlash from Republicans who see turning over U.S. control of the Internet only empowers dictatorial countries to increase censorship.
Though the Obama Administration normally advocates for the municipalization of almost everything, they have been hellbent on privatizing the control of the world wide web. The move would essentially take control away from the United States, the creators of the life changing technology, and give equal control to international businesses and governments around the world, including some of the most oppressive like Iran, Russia, and China.
The administration and its supporters claim the decision will have no effect on billions of internet users and their Internet browsing experience will remain the same. Opponents, however, argue that users will feel the changes when the long-term effects of the exchange come into play.
ADVERTISEMENT
Ted Cruz, Republican Senator from Texas and former Presidential Candidate, has been very outspoken about their disapproval of these administrations attempts to move this process along and acknowledges that not only is it immoral, it is likely illegal.
“The Obama administration does not have the authorization from Congress,” Cruz said at a Heritage Foundation event on internet freedom. “And yet they are endeavoring to give away this valuable, critical property. To give it away with no authorization at all. That ought to trouble all of us.”
“When it comes to basic principles of freedom, letting people speak online without being censored—that ought to bring everyone together,” Cruz said at the event. They also added that “we built the internet and America maintains it as free for all. We don't use it in an imperialist manner to impose our views on others. We maintain it as an oasis of freedom.”
The Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information at the Department of Commerce, Lawrence Strickling, wrote in a statement Tuesday, “For the last 18 years, the United States has been working with the global Internet multistakeholder community to establish a stable and secure multistakeholder model of Internet governance that ensures that the private sector, not governments, takes the lead in setting the future direction of the Internet's domain name system.”
They also added that, “this multistakeholder model is the key reason why the Internet has grown and thrived as a dynamic platform for innovation, economic growth and free expression.”
ADVERTISEMENT
[revad2]
Amid all the reporting of Volkswagen's rigging of emission tests on its diesel cars, one inconvenient truth has been overlooked by the BBC and many media organisations. It is that we very largely owe the prevalence of these death-traps to the pernicious tyranny of the Green lobby.
That they are death traps can scarcely be denied. They spew out vastly more nitrogen oxide and nitrogen dioxide than petrol cars, both of which gases are potentially damaging, and 22 times more particulates — the minute particles that penetrate lungs, brains and hearts.
According to Martin Williams, professor of air quality research at King's College London, diesel cars account for roughly 5,800 premature deaths a year in the UK alone. Other experts put the figure even higher.
Scroll down for video
Amid all the reporting of Volkswagen's rigging of emission tests on its diesel cars, one inconvenient truth has been overlooked by the BBC and many media organisations. It is that we very largely owe the prevalence of these death-traps to the pernicious tyranny of the Green lobby
Diesels are also mostly responsible for alarming increases in air pollution in our major cities, a particularly serious worry for the hundreds of thousands of people who suffer from asthma.
In a well-ordered society, you might expect the government to have discouraged the proliferation of diesel vehicles. In fact, egged on or bullied by the Greens and climate-change zealots, politicians over the past 20 years have been doing the precise opposite. It seems hard to believe, I know, but it's true.
Gulled
Twenty years ago, diesel cars constituted a tiny minority. But following the signing of the Kyoto Protocol in 1997, most Western countries, including Britain, were legally obliged to reduce carbon dioxide emissions — alleged by some to cause climate change — by 8 per cent over the following 15 years.
Diesel cars produce slightly less — but only slightly — carbon dioxide than petrol ones. In 2001 the Labour government introduced a new tax regime whereby cars were taxed according to how much carbon dioxide they produce, a development that enormously favoured diesel over petrol. (Duty at the pump has been the same for petrol and diesel since 2000.)
Gordon Brown, then Chancellor, also introduced tax incentives to encourage company car buyers to plump for diesels. Across the EU, car manufacturers were encouraged to develop diesel models.
As a consequence, about half of new cars in Britain are now diesels. In some European countries such as France and Italy, where there have been similar inducements, the proportion is even higher.
When recently buying a new car, I was attracted to a diesel partly because its annual tax was only £40, in comparison to £150 for the petrol version, otherwise identical. Happily, my wife, who had read about the polluting effects of diesels, overruled me. Even I had been almost gulled by Green lobbyists and the blandishments of politicians into doing something that I would have regretted.
You may say ministers didn't realise that diesels discharge dangerous emissions — but you would be wrong. A 1993 report published by the Department of the Environment was fully aware of the potentially lethal effects of diesel cars.
A senior civil servant, who worked for the Department of Transport at the time, is quoted in yesterday's Guardian newspaper as saying: ‘We did not sleepwalk into this. To be totally reductionist [ie, in the simplest terms], you are talking about killing people today rather than saving lives tomorrow.'
In other words, if this mandarin is to be believed, it was thought preferable in Whitehall to accept the inevitable deaths of many thousands of people as a result of promoting diesels in return for the hoped-for long-term gain of saving an unknown number of lives at some time in the future as a consequence of reducing carbon dioxide emissions.
Isn't this mad? And immoral? In the first place, Britain accounts for only 2 per cent of all global human-made carbon dioxide emissions, so a small reduction in that amount is hardly likely to avert the catastrophe which climate-change zealots believe is around the corner. And, in the second place, it's by no means clear that any such Armageddon lies in store for humankind.
Bullying
I am neither a climate-change zealot nor what is invidiously termed a ‘denier'. But the fact that there has been no recorded increase in global temperature over the past 17 years — a period during which carbon emissions have soared because of the rapid economic growth of countries such as China and India — suggests to me that we should treat the more hysterical claims of the Green lobby with caution.
But this is not an area of rational debate. If it were, politicians would not have given in to the bullying of the extremists who persuaded them to put the theoretical effects of climate change before the actual and proven damaging effects of pumping out nitrogen oxide and dioxide, and carcinogenic particulates.
Volkswagen supervisory board member Wolfgang Porsche (left), Acting Chairman of the Board of Volkswagen Berthold Huber, and VW Board Member Stephan Weil give statements at the Volkswagen headquarters after announcing that CEO Martin Winterkorn is stepping down as chairperson of the board after a crisis meeting
It's true, of course, that over the past decade or so car manufacturers have succeeded in reducing these nasty gases emitted by diesels, but they have not eliminated them. That is why Volkswagen found itself cooking the evidence, and trying to hoodwink the American authorities into believing that its cars discharge a lot less nitrogen oxide than they actually do.
Indeed, it is one of the ironies of this story that America — which, to the outrage of the climate-change lobby, did not ratify the Kyoto Protocol because of a certain scepticism about human-made climate change — is far sterner about vehicle pollution than any European country, including our own.
Haven't they got it the right way round? A baby being pushed by their mother in a buggy, a cyclist and even an ordinary pedestrian walking along the pavement of a busy street are being exposed to unnecessary risks as a result of the completely foreseen dangers of diesel vehicles.
And if you are the blameless owner of a diesel car, which is liable to cause damage to other innocent people, you are justified in feeling that you have been misled by weak-minded politicians, who have, in turn, surrendered their good sense to a raucous and unreasoning mob.
The pity is that mainstream media such as the all-powerful BBC are themselves cowed and meekly quiescent, so that a highly intelligent and well-informed climate-change sceptic such as the former Tory Chancellor Nigel Lawson is virtually excluded from the airwaves
This mob has got their priorities in a serious twist. Surely responsible environmentalists should have concentrated on the here and now, and opposed the explosion in the number of diesel cars. But many in the Green movement have their eyes fixed on a threat over the horizon which may or may not exist, and care far less about present dangers.
That is also why most of them champion exorbitant wind farms, which are lethal to birds and scar the countryside, and why they induce pliable politicians to replace coal-burning power stations with far less efficient wood-burning ones. Vast forests are felled, and huge quantities of wood transported halfway across the world at a considerable cost to the environment.
Threat
In their deafness to different points of view — in fact, in their rank intolerance of opposing voices — these people often remind me of religious fundamentalists. They shout down, or seek to censor, those who don't agree with them.
The pity is that mainstream media such as the all-powerful BBC are themselves cowed and meekly quiescent, so that a highly intelligent and well-informed climate-change sceptic such as the former Tory Chancellor Nigel Lawson is virtually excluded from the airwaves.
LONDON (AFP) Ã¢â‚¬â€œ The head of the American Association of Professors accused BP Friday of trying to buy the silence of scientists and academics to protect itself after the Gulf oil spill, in a BBC interview.
“This is really one huge corporation trying to buy faculty silence in a comprehensive way,” said Cary Nelson.
BP is facing lawsuits after the oil spill, which has destroyed the livelihoods of many people along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
A copy of a contract offered to scientists by BP, which the BBC said it had obtained, said scientists are not allowed to publish the research they do for the oil giant.
They are also not allowed to speak about the data for at least three years or until the government gives final approval for the company's restoration plan for the whole of the Gulf, said the British broadcaster.
BP said it had hired more than a dozen scientists “with expertise in the resources of the Gulf of Mexico,” according to a statement given to the BBC.
Bob Shipp, the head of marine sciences at the University of South Alabama, said BP's lawyers had approached them and wanted their whole department.
“They contacted me and said we would like to have your department interact to develop the best restoration plan possible after this oil spill,” they said.
“We laid the ground rules — that any research we did, we would have to take total control of the data, transparency and the freedom to make those data available to other scientists and subject to peer review.
“They left and we never heard back from them.”
Nelson warned BP's actions could be “hugely destructive”.
“Our ability to evaluate the disaster and write public policy and make decisions about it as a country can be impacted by the silence of the research scientists who are looking at conditions,” they said.
“It's hugely destructive. I mean at some level, this is really BP versus the people of the United States.”
BP said it “does not place restrictions on academics speaking about scientific data,” according to the BBC.
The environmental disaster began on April 20 when the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform exploded in the Gulf of Mexico, killing 11 workers. The rig sank two days later rupturing the pipe that connected it to the well.
A recent New York Times article highlighted the growing integration of technologies and textiles, displaying a photograph of a delicate golden nest of optical fiber. The article reported that this new “functional fabric” has the added quality that it “acts as an optical bar code to identify who is wearing it.”
Is this a feature or a bug? This smart material would certainly be a new milestone in the march of technology and the marketplace to erode personal privacy. Would a suit made of this material need to come with a warning label? Just because we have the technological capability to do something like this, should we?
Similar questions could have been asked about putting GPS technology in our mobile phones, drones in the air and the “cookies” resident on our devices to dutifully record and transmit our online activity. Right now, those conversations happen in corporate boardrooms, the media, fictional books and films, and academic settings. But there isn't a broad national conversation around the ethics of the steady digital encroachment on our lives. Is it time to create a presidential commission on technoethics?
Elevating the discussion
Such a commission might take its cue from the presidential committees that have been put in place over the past 50 years to study the issues that have come up about biological research. In 2001, President George W. Bush created the President's Council on Bioethics (PCBE) to address concerns about genomics work and genetic engineering, largely inspired by advances in stem cell research and cloning.
The PCBE couldn't halt research, and neither can its successor, the current Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues. But it does provide a high-profile forum for important conversations among a broad and changing group of scientists, ethicists and humanists. Their discussions in turn inform local, state and national policymakers about the possible ethical implications of groundbreaking research in biology.
Results take the form of commission votes and reports. For example, after six months of lively public debate, the 2001 PCBE ultimately voted 10-7 to recommend allowing biomedical cloning (with regulations) based on stem cells, an outcome that seemed to have great influence in the national conversation.
University groups and other review boards overseeing research projects look to the commission's reports as indicators of the best thinking about moral, social and ethical considerations. At Dartmouth, for example, we have a Committee for the Protection of Human Subjects that regularly discusses wider issues during their review of research proposals that involve people. As corresponding groups at universities nationwide consider approving or suggesting modifications to proposed study designs, they can guide, or at least nudge, researchers toward the norms identified by the commission.
Turning to technology
When it comes to modern technologies, those types of conversations seem to be less dialogue and more broad statement. For example, various scientists in the news increasingly warn us about the dangers of artificial intelligence.
They express concern about the coming of “the singularity,” the term coined by inventor and technology pioneer Ray Kurzweil to denote the time at which machine intelligence surpasses human intelligence. It's unclear how that moment would be determined: for example, while some forms of intelligence are ready-made for a “Terminator Test” (machines are already better than humans at doing arithmetic and playing Go), others (such as artistic creation or social intelligence) seem outside that kind of competitive context. But the fact remains that we are thoughtlessly deploying technologies with little concern for, or debate around, their context and implications for society.
At what point does concern trump convenience? For a little “thought experiment” consider the “mind-reading” technologies being researched in neuroscience labs around the world. They aim to recognize brain activity related to identifying images and words.
One day, a technology could automatically take that activity measurement, interpret it and store it on your computer or in the cloud. (Imagine the marketing potential of such a service: “With DayDreamer, you'll never lose a single great idea!”)
How does society decide who owns the thoughts? Right now it might depend on whether you had those thoughts at work or at home. Maybe your employer wants you to use this software because of the fear of missing a good idea that you may have dismissed. It's easy to imagine government agencies having similar desires.
Literature and film seem to be the formats that of late have done the most to expose the possibilities of our new technologies. Movies like “Ex Machina” and “Her” provide much to think about regarding our interactions with machine intelligence. Books like “Super Sad Sweet Love Story” and “The Circle” (coming out soon as a movie) raise all kinds of questions about privacy and transparency. Works like these continue a long tradition of art as a spur to broad societal (and classroom) debate. Indeed, I even made written responses to those books part of a network-data analysis course I taught last winter at Dartmouth College. Why not couple such informal and episodic exposures with formal open and considered debate?
A presidential technoethics commission would provide that opportunity. Worries about “the singularity” might lead to a report on the implications of an unregulated Internet of Things as well as a larger robotic workforce. Privacy presents another obvious topic of conversation. As more of our lives are lived online (either knowingly or unknowingly), the basic definition of “private life” has been slowly transformed both by security concerns and corporate interests. The steady erosion of “self” in this regard has been subtle but pervasive, cloaked as a collection of “enhancements of user experiences” and “security concerns.”
With initiatives such as “the right to be forgotten” and recent search-fixing lawsuits against Google, the European Union has taken to the courts for its discussion of the societal implications of information collection and hegemony of its management. In the U.S., too, there are obvious and significant legal considerations, especially around civil liberties and possibly even implications for the pursuit of knowledge. The Apple-FBI clash over phone unlocking suggests that a significant fraction of the American public trusts industry more than the government when it comes to digital policies.
If history is any guide, corporate interests are not always well aligned with social goods (see – among others – the auto and tobacco industries, and social media), although of course sometimes they are. Regardless, a commission with representation from a range of constituencies, engaged in open conversation, might serve to illuminate the various interests and concerns.
Discussion, not restriction
All that said, it is important that the formation of a commission not serve as administrative and corporate cover for the imposition of controls and policies. The act of creating a forum for debate should not serve as justification for issuing orders.
A former colleague who served on the 2001 President's Council on Bioethics tells me that in general, it was formed to consider the implications of advances in bioengineering related to “tampering with the human condition.” Even without going so far as considering personal thoughts, surely questions around topics like wearables, privacy, transparency, information ownership and access, workplace transformation, and the attendant implications for self-definition, self-improvement and human interaction are at the foundation of any consideration of the human condition.
There are important ethical implications for new and imagined digital technologies. People are beginning to address those implications head-on. But we should not leave the decisions to disconnected venues of limited scope. Rather, as with the inner workings of human biology, we should come up with social norms through a high-profile, public, collaborative process.
Daniel N. Rockmore, Professor, Department of Mathematics, Computational Science, and Computer Science, Dartmouth College
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Antonio Conte led Italy to the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 before taking over at Chelsea
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has revealed that their first transfer fee was eight footballs and £100.
The former Juventus and Italy boss has been tasked with reviving Chelsea, who won the Premier League in 2014-15 but finished 10th last season.
Conte, 47, was signed by local club Lecce as a 13-year-old.
"Lecce bought me and one of my team-mates, Sandro Morello, for eight footballs and three of them were flat," Conte told the Mail on Sunday.
"My first team was called Juventina. My father was the owner, the coach, the kit man and everything else.
"He was my first master. In that period, my father was very tough - and especially with me."
Conte also revealed that they are close with former Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti, who won the Premier League and FA Cup with the club in 2010.
"Carlo told me about the club. We spoke about people who work there," said Conte, who was managed by Ancelotti at Juventus.
Conte added that club captain John Terry will continue to be a crucial part of their plans, despite the defender considering leaving the club last season.
"In every team there are some players with great experience, and this experience counts, if you play but also if you don't play," said Conte.
"John is a god example during the training sessions. They have the right attitude and the right behaviour."
Chelsea open their Premier League campaign at home to West Ham on Monday, 15 August.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
North Korea detained a U.S. citizen this week teaching at a university in the capital of Pyongyang without justification, media reports have confirmed.
Kim Sang-duk, known in America as Tony Kim, was due to fly out of Pyongyang on Saturday before they were detained by authorities, making them the third U.S. citizen in North Korean custody.
A statement from the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology confirmed that Kim was taken into custody by airport authorities “after several weeks of service, teaching at PUST.”
Kim, who is in their late 50s, was also involved in several aid programs for North Koreans and had previously worked as a professor at the Yanbian University in China.
Other American detainees include University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier, who was sentenced to 15 years hard labor after they were caught tampering with political propaganda in a hotel lobby, and 62-year-old Kim Dong-chul, who was sentenced to 10 years for allegedly spying on the North Korean regime.
North Korea has previously released detainees Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller from custody, in what analysts believed were potential bargaining chips in any negotiations between the two countries. However, the North Korean government has since urged Bae, a Christian missionary, to “commit suicide.”
The incident comes amidst rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea, with Donald Trump warning this month that they were sending “an armada” into the region to fend off any potential threat.
Meanwhile, last week, North Korean forces held a military parade to celebrate the 105th birthday of former leader Kim Il-sung, who remains the country's “eternal leader.” However, reports from South Korea also indicated that the country's planned missile launch, intended to be a show of strength, ended in failure.
Nevertheless, this week, the country threatened a “super-mighty preemptive strike” that would reduce America to “ashes” if they are attacked.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com.
The presidential election exposed the liberal class as a corpse. It fights for nothing. It stands for nothing. It is a useless appendage to the corporate state. It exists not to make possible incremental or piecemeal reform, as it originally did in a functional capitalist democracy; instead it has devolved into an instrument of personal vanity, burnishing the hollow morality of its adherents. Liberals, by voting for Barack Obama, betrayed the core values they use to define themselves — the rule of law, the safeguarding of civil liberties, the protection of unions, the preservation of social welfare programs, environmental accords, financial regulation, a defiance of unjust war and torture, and the abolition of drone wars. The liberal class clung desperately during the long nightmare of this political campaign to one or two issues, such as protecting a woman's right to choose and gender equality, to justify its complicity in a monstrous evil. This moral fragmentation — using an isolated act of justice to define one's self while ignoring the vast corporate assault on the nation and the ecosystem along with the pre-emptive violence of the imperial state — is moral and political capitulation. It fails to confront the evil we have become.
“The American Dream has run out of gas,” wrote the novelist J.G. Ballard. “The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It's over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now. …”
Liberals have assured us that after the election they will build a movement to hold the president accountable — although how or when or what this movement will look like they cannot say. They didn't hold them accountable during their first term. They won't during their second. They have played their appointed roles in the bankrupt political theater that passes for electoral politics. They have wrung their hands, sung like a Greek chorus about the evils of the perfidious opponent, assured us that there is no other viable option, and now they will exit the stage. They will carp and whine in the wings until they are trotted out again to assume their role in the next political propaganda campaign of disempowerment and fear. They will, in the meantime, become the butt of ridicule and derision by the very politicians they supported.
The ineffectiveness of the liberal class, as I saw in the former Yugoslavia and as was true in Weimar Germany, perpetuates a dangerous political paralysis. The longer the paralysis continues, the longer systems of power are unable to address the suffering and grievances of the masses, the more the formal mechanisms of power are reviled. The liberal establishment's inability to defy corporate power, to stand up for its supposed liberal beliefs, means its inevitable disappearance, along with the disappearance of traditional liberal values. This, as history has amply pointed out, is the road to despotism. And we are further down that road than many care to admit.
Any mass movement that arises — and I believe one is coming — will be fueled, like the Occupy movement, by radicals who have as deep a revulsion for Democrats as they do for Republicans. The radicals who triumph, however, may not be progressive. Populist movements, from labor unions to an independent press to socialist third parties, have been destroyed in the United States. A protofascist movement that coalesces around a mystical nationalism, that fuses the symbols of the country with those of Christianity, that denigrates reason and elevates mass emotions will have broad appeal. It will offer to followers a leap from the deep pit of despair and frustration to the heights of utopia. It will speak in the language of violence and demonize the vulnerable, from undocumented workers to homosexuals to people of color to liberals to the poor. And this force, financed by the most retrograde elements of corporate capitalism, could usher in a species of corporate fascism in a period of economic or environmental instability.
The historian Fritz Stern in “The Politics of Cultural Despair,” their book on the rise of fascism in Germany, warns repeatedly of the danger of a bankrupt liberalism. Stern, who sees the same dark, irrational forces at work today that they watched as a boy in Nazi Germany, argues that the spiritually and politically alienated are the prime recruits for a politics centered around cultural hatreds and personal resentments.
“They attacked liberalism,” Stern writes of the fascists emerging at the time in Germany, “because it seemed to them the principal premise of modern society; everything they dreaded seemed to spring from it; the bourgeois life, Manchesterism, materialism, parliament and the parties, the lack of political leadership. Even more, they sense in liberalism the source of all their inner sufferings. Theirs was a resentment of loneliness; their one desire was for a new faith, a new community of believers, a world with fixed standards and no doubts, a new national religion that would bind all Germans together. All this, liberalism denied. Hence, they hated liberalism, blamed it for making outcasts of them, for uprooting them from their imaginary past, and from their faith.”I am not sure when I severed myself irrevocably from the myth of America. It began when I was a seminarian, living for more than two years in Boston's inner city on a street that had more homicides than any other in the city. I had to confront in the public housing projects the cruelty of white supremacy, the myriad institutional mechanisms that kept poor people of color trapped, broken and impoverished, the tragic squandering of young lives and the fatuous liberals who spoke in lofty language about empowering people they never met. The ties unraveled further during the five years I spent as a war correspondent in El Salvador and Nicaragua. I stood in too many mud-walled villages looking at the mutilated bodies of men, women and children, murdered by U.S.-backed soldiers, death squads and paramilitary units. I heard too many lies spewed out by Ronald Reagan and the State Department to justify these killings. And by the time I was in Gaza, looking at the twisted limbs of dead women and children and listening to Israeli and U.S. officials describe an Israeli airstrike as a “surgical” hit on Islamic militants, it was over. I knew the dark heart of America. I knew who we were, what we did, what we actually stood for and the terrifying and willful innocence that permits most Americans to think of themselves as good and virtuous when they are, in reality, members of an efficient race of killers and ruthless profiteers.
I was sickened and repulsed. My loyalty shifted from the state, from any state, to the powerless, to the landless peasants in Latin America, the Palestinians in Gaza or the terrified families in Iraq and Afghanistan. Those who suffer on the outer reaches of empire, as well as in our internal colonies and sacrifice zones, constitute my country. And any action, including voting, that does not unequivocally condemn and denounce their oppressors is a personal as well as a moral betrayal.
“We talk of the Turks and abhor the cannibals; but may not some of them go to heaven before some of us?” Herman Melville wrote. “We may have civilized bodies and yet barbarous souls. We are blind to the real sights of this world; deaf to its voices; and dead to its death.”
For a poor family in Camden, N.J., impoverished residents in the abandoned coal camps in southern West Virginia, the undocumented workers that toil in our nation's produce fields, Native Americans trapped on reservations, Palestinians, Iraqis, Afghans, those killed by drones in Pakistan, Yemen or Somalia, or those in the squalid urban slums in Africa, it makes no difference if Mitt Romney or Obama is president. And since it makes no difference to them, it makes no difference to me. I seek only to defy the powers that orchestrate and profit from their misery.
The oppressed, the more than half of the world's population who survive on less than $2 a day, will be the first to be sacrificed because of our refusal to halt fossil fuel's degradation of the natural world and the assault of globalization. They already hate us with a righteous fury. They see us for who we are. They also grasp that for power to be threatened it must be confronted by another form of power. They know that the only way to effect change is to make the powerful fear their ability to retaliate. And the oppressed, inside and outside empire, are methodically building that power. We saw it at work on 9/11. We see it every day in Iraq and Afghanistan. And we will see it, although I pray it will be nonviolent, on our own city streets.
The corporate state, faced with rebellion from within and without, does not know how to define or control this rising power, from the Arab Spring to the street protests in Greece and Spain to the Occupy movement. Rebellion always mystifies the oppressor. It appears irrational. It does not make sense. The establishment asks: What are their demands? Why do they hate us? What do they want? The oppressor can never hear the answer, for the answer is always the same — we seek to destroy your power. The oppressor, blind to the brutality and injustice meted out to sustain dominance and prosperity, escalates the levels of force employed to protect privilege. The crimes of the oppressor are seen among the elite as the administering of justice — law and order, the war on terror, the natural law of globalization, the right granted by privilege and power to shape and govern the world. The oppressor cannot see the West's false humanism. The oppressor cannot, as James Baldwin wrote, understand that our “history has no moral justification, and the West has no moral authority.” The oppressor, able to speak only in the language of force and increasingly lashing out like a wounded animal, will be consumed in the inferno.
“People who shut their eyes to reality simply invite their own destruction,” Baldwin wrote, “and anyone who insists on remaining in a state of innocence long after that innocence is dead turns themselves into a monster.”
Chris Hedges is the author of many books, including “Death of the Liberal Class” and, most recently, “Days of Destruction, Days of Revolt,” written with Joe Sacco.
WASHINGTON, January 20, 2015–The Ebola epidemic will continue to cripple the economies of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone even as transmission rates in the three countries show significant signs of slowing, according to a World Bank Group analysis on the economic impact of Ebola in Africa. The Bank Group estimates that these three countries will lose at least US$1.6 billion in forgone economic growth in 2015 as a result of the epidemic.
But the new report -- released on the eve of the 2015 World Economic Forum in Davos -- also contains more positive news: the probability of spread and the associated economic costs beyond the three most-affected countries are now much lower than previously feared because of the intensive global and national responses to the epidemic over the past several months.
An earlier World Bank Group economic analysis (from October 8, 2014) found that the West Africa region alone could experience a downside scenario of US$25 billion in economic losses in 2015, but the current report estimates the range for sub-Saharan Africa as a whole to be from a low of US$500 million to a high of US$6.2 billion.
The national and international responses have resulted in a number of public health improvements within the three West African nations, including safer burial practices, earlier case detections, more health workers and treatment facilities, public awareness campaigns and stepped-up contact tracing. These policy and behavior responses have contributed to a lower risk of spread across borders. The lower estimates also reflect fast and effective containment measures taken in the neighboring countries of Mali, Nigeria and Senegal, all of which have now been declared Ebola-free.
“Even if Ebola is controlled and further outbreaks avoided,” said the report, “economic costs will be incurred across sub-Saharan Africa in 2015. Consumer and investor confidence has been eroded by the outbreak of the virus, and disruptions to travel and cross-border trade suggest cumulative losses of more than US$500 million across the region in 2015, outside the three directly affected countries.” The report said the losses could be closer to the higher end of the estimate -- US$6 billion -- if the Ebola outbreak were to spread through the region, reinforcing the need for a swift end to the epidemic.
“I am very encouraged to see Ebola transmission rates slowing markedly in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, and that other potential outbreaks have been averted because of swift action by other West African governments,” said Jim Yong Kim, President of the World Bank Group, who will discuss the emerging lessons from the Ebola crisis with world leaders in Davos this week. “Yet as welcome as these latest signs are, we cannot afford to be complacent. Until we have zero new Ebola cases, the risk of continued severe economic impact to the three countries and beyond remains unacceptably high.”
The report notes that containment and preparedness efforts dramatically limited the potential impact of Ebola on the African economy, compared to earlier worst-case scenarios. The scope of the report did not include examining the national and international response to determine most effective policies in curtailing the spread of the virus.
One major lesson from the Ebola outbreak, said Kim, was for the world to respond much more quickly to epidemics.
“This report demonstrates why all countries should make investing in pandemic preparedness a top priority for 2015,” said Kim. “It points to the need for a global pandemic emergency financing facility that will enable the world to respond much more quickly and effectively to any future deadly outbreaks, and avoid the tragic and unnecessary human and economic costs that have resulted from the Ebola epidemic.”
Economic impact on Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone
The new report finds that “the Ebola epidemic continues to cripple the economies of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.” Full-year 2014 growth in Sierra Leone fell by more than half to 4.0 percent from 11.3 percent expected before the crisis, with large reductions in Guinea and Liberia as well. The total fiscal impact felt by the three countries in 2014 was over half a billion dollars, nearly 5 percent of their combined GDP.
Investor aversion further diminishes 2015 growth estimates to -0.2 percent in Guinea, 3.0 percent in Liberia, and -2.0 percent in Sierra Leone (down from pre-Ebola estimates of 4.3 percent, 6.8 percent, and 8.9 percent, respectively). These projections imply forgone income across the three countries in 2015 of about US$1.6 billion: about US$500 million for Guinea, US$200 million for Liberia, and US$900 million for Sierra Leone, or more than 12 percent of their combined GDP.
Expected Forgone GDP in 2015 due to Ebola and Global Economic Conditions (in US dollars)
Getty Images
NFL investigator Kia Roberts recommended no suspension for Ezekiel Elliott, according to Clarence Hill of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. Roberts testified to that during an appeal hearing that lasted 25 hours over three days this week.
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones' repeated declaration that the league would not suspend Elliott was based on their knowledge of Roberts' recommendation backed by assurance from a top NFL executive of no suspension, per Hill. Jones reportedly was “furious” when the league announced the six-game suspension for violating the personal conduct policy.
Hill also reports Roberts' recommendation — following their interviews with Elliott's ex-girlfriend — never made it into the NFL's final report or the official Aug. 11 suspension letter. The league cited findings of three instances of domestic violence by Elliott against Tiffany Thompson based on the victim's testimony and photographic evidence.
In addition, Roberts did not attend the meeting with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to discuss discipline for Elliott, per Hill, as they were barred from it by Lisa Friel, the senior vice president for investigations.
Hill's source indicated that if arbiter Harold Henderson returns a ruling unacceptable to Elliott, the case will head to federal court. ESPN's Adam Schefter reported earlier Thursday that Henderson is under pressure to make a decision by Monday, with a reduction likely.
George Takei is not buying Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's suggestion that the government cannot take or bestow dignity on its citizens.
This morning, Takei published an op-ed entitled, "Denying our rights denies our dignity." In it, the Star Trek actor took issue with the following line from Thomas's dissent in last week's historic same-sex marriage ruling: "Those held in internment camps did not lose their dignity because the government confined them."
Takei, who is Japanese-American, provided a personal counterexample to the justice's claim by detailing their experience living in an internment camp during World War II. Focusing on the harsh living conditions, Takei recalled:
We were denied adequate medicines, shelter and supplies. I remember as a child looking up toward a U.S. flag in the room, as we recited the Pledge of Allegiance, those ironic words echoing, "With liberty, and justice for all."... To say that the government does not bestow or grant dignity does not mean it cannot succeed in stripping it away through the imposition of unequal laws and deprivation of due process
Takei is a noted activist for marriage equality and LGBTQ rights, and has previously received awards from the Human Rights Campaign and GLAAD.
Read the full op-ed here on MSNBC.
Carlos Esteban rose to fame while co-hosting the hit television game show "Dame Un Break"[1] alongside Dagmar. Also famous for their portrayal of a broke down family man in the "La Fiebre" television movie saga.
Their most famous role is in the 2005 film "Cayo", which started a huge cult following in their native island of Puerto Rico.
Besides their work in local films and television shows, they have been known to participate in plays as well, most recently starring as "Edipo" in "Edipo Rey", for which they received great reviews. (El Nuevo Dia, Oct. 2005)
Filmography [ edit ]
Animal (2005) ... Big Dre Cayo (2005) ... Ivan La Fiebre 1 & 2 (2002) ... Gas Attendant Undercurrent (1999) ... Detective Duarte Tres destinos (1993) television series Dame Un Break (1992–1996) television game show
References [ edit ]
“To confront climate change, we all have to embrace two ideas. They are simple and familiar ideas, but that does not make them any less true. First: We are all in this together. Second: The longest journey begins with a simple step.” – Bill Nye
On Nov. 10, Bill Nye will release a new book titled “Unstoppable." As only Bill Nye can, they use the book to explain the science behind climate change, debunks popular myths, and asks readers to take action in their own lives to create a sustainable future. The book is shot through with optimism, but Nye has no illusions about what lies ahead. The message is simple: Climate change is real; humans are causing it; and we have no choice but to build a better and cleaner world.
Advertisement:
Salon spoke with Nye about their new book and about their broader intentions. We asked them what they thought about climate deniers and the persistent anti-science demagoguery around this issue. Our conversation is below and has been edited for clarity and length.
So why did you write this book? Why now? And what's your central message?
My goal is to change the world! Really, that's what I'm trying to do. Obviously, this book isn't going to change the world, but it is part of the bigger idea that we all have to think optimistically about this. We've got to go into this knowing we have a hard challenge but that we're going to win this fight, and we're going to save the earth for humanity.
As I like to say, you're a human being no matter what you do. So we have to save the earth for us. Things are going to change; there's going to be upheaval, but we have to deal with it as best we can. And that means getting to work!
Most people probably aren't familiar with the latest climate science, and so I'll just ask you: What do we really know about the causes of climate change and how troubling to you are the latest climate models?
Oh, it's very troubling. My goodness – it's apocalyptic if you let it get to you. Certainly the worst case scenarios are terrifying. But on the other hand, we're at a point now where wind energy is an increasingly viable alternative. Now, I wrote this book a couple of months ago, but things are improving every day. When I wrote the book, fossil fuels were at 1.8 cents per kilowatt-hour and now they're at 1.7 cents per kilowatt-hour. But wind is now at 2.1 cents per kilowatt-hour, which mean they're converging. Wind is now competitive with fossil fuels. Furthermore, if we were to charge a fee – oh, we must never call it a tax – on fossil fuels, wind would be way cheaper -- way cheaper. And wind is just one example. There are other affordable alternatives, like solar, which in many cases pay for themselves – if only we'd invest in them.
Advertisement:
I just think of my grandfather who went into World War I on a horse – they rode a horse into battle. You'll be shocked to learn they were a chemist, and their assignment was to put chlorine -- bleach essentially -- in the Lyster Bags, the canvas canteens. And they lived through it. But when that conflict continued under the heading “World War II,” nobody did anything like this – technologically it was a new world. No one who was serious went into battle on a freaking horse. And that changed in just 20 years! It wasn't 10 centuries; it was a weekend. And so we can do the same thing! C'mon, everybody, let's go!
Part of the problem, as you know, is that we're not all dealing with the same facts. People love “truth” in the abstract, but they hate inconvenient facts. And there's so much misinformation and propaganda out there, and there are monied interests working to muddy the waters at all times. This is a tremendous burden for those who want to solve this problem.
Yeah, you're leading to my next point. Part of the solution to this problem or this set of problems associated with climate change is getting the deniers out of our discourse. You know, we can't have these people – they're absolutely toxic. And so part of the message in this book is to get the deniers out of the picture, and along that line – I've been saying this a lot the last few weeks as I listen to the Republican debates – maybe one of these people will go out on their or their own, thinking for them or herself, and say, “You know, I've been thinking about this and climate change is a very serious problem. So if I'm president, we're going to address climate change.”
First of all, politically, it would engage what everybody loves right now, the millennials. And then it would have some potential for influencing everybody, no matter who wins the presidential election, to address climate change. And the reason it's so important for us in the United States is that we are the world leaders. You can hate the U.S., you can hate everything we do, but the U.S. still is the world leader in all sorts of policies, climate change being among them. So it's all the more reason to get going!
Advertisement:
How do you respond to the recalcitrant skeptics, the ones who say, “OK, I acknowledge that the earth is heating up, and I understand why that's a bad thing. However, we don't really know what's causing that. And we don't really know to what degree humans are responsible."
Yes, we do! It's human activity. It's the burning of fossil fuels and the release of methane, a natural gas mostly from agriculture, but to a lesser extent from leakage, so-called fugitive gas from an oil field. But these are solvable problems.
And the science is clear on that, right?
Advertisement:
Absolutely. We know exactly why the climate is changing -- it's human activity!
What do you think are the biggest myths and misunderstandings about climate change right now?
Well, there's no question. The biggest myth is that scientific uncertainty, plus or minus so many percent, is the same as doubt about the whole thing. And that's wrong; that's patently wrong. And that's a dangerous confusion. This is one of the big reasons I wrote the book.
Advertisement:
Let me ask you about fracking, because I hear a lot about that, and it's a big controversial issue and one a lot of people are concerned about. What's your take on all this? And how does fracking factor into the climate crisis?
I don't know if you read the details from my uncle who used to blow stuff up, but it's in the book. They were quite a character. I mean, politically, we disagree about everything. But I love the guy. Anyway, he's always worked with explosives. I'm told they fracks wells now and then by dropping explosives straight down – I mean, straight down. With modern drilling techniques, however, you can go sideways, almost horizontal. So this has done a few things.
First of all, in the notorious cases, it's put natural gas in people's sinks, which is horrible and lawsuits ensue, and it's thoughtless and mean-spirited and all these things. But in the bigger picture, fracking has driven down the price of natural gas by making it abundant, especially in the U.S., which is the largest user of all this stuff. But it has slowed the development of renewables, like wind and solar, because gas is so cheap. And it has caused an increase in fugitive natural gas, which is bad for the atmosphere. The costs, in other words, clearly outweigh the benefits. Most of the confusion on fracking has to do with economics and the mean-spirited callous attitude of certain oil companies.
Let's talk a bit about anti-science demagoguery. You have a charming way of cutting people down when they're talking nonsense and, I think you'll agree, there are a lot of people who simply refuse to believe in what is, in what the data tells us. What do you say to those who insist that climate change is a hoax or some grand liberal phantasm?
Advertisement:
Well, I just chip away. Here's a recent example I can cite. I spoke with a guy the other day whom I've known for about five years, and we're like-minded on many issues, but they decided to go fire-walking. They were very excited; they were going to have this empowering experience and walk on hot coals, because they believe strongly that this will only be possible if they mentally prepare himself. And they got into some pseudoscience stuff about an energy field that comes out of your feet, that allows you to do this stuff. Well, it turns out, walking on hot coals is possible because of nature, or science, or physics -- whatever you want to call it. It turns out that you can walk on hot coals for a dozen steps or so – for most people – without burning your feet; it's just the way it works– coals on fire don't conduct heat that well. I started explaining to this guy that he's been fooling themselves all these years. It is not spiritual enablement; it is physics. But the first time they hear this, he's not going to change their mind. He's not going to change their mind the second or third time, in fact. But after two years of people pointing out to them that he's not doing this because he's magical but rather because of the world, because of the structure of the universe, they will give in; they will change their mind. For similar reasons, I believe that if we just chip away at the science-deniers, they will come around – they have to.
Climate change is often discussed as though it were merely an environmental issue. But it's clearly a lot more than that. If climate trends continue, there will be dire political and economic consequences, many of which you address in your book. What worries you the most when you're thinking about our reluctance to deal with this problem?
What worries me the most are the social effects, and by that I mean people are going to have to move. They're going to have to be displaced, and I'm talking about the United States, the developed world. But in the bigger picture, there are people all over the world who are not going to be able to move fast enough. They're going to have to abandon their material possessions; they're going to have to abandon their farms, and they're not going to be able to get clean water for agriculture in general. And so we have to – this is why I'm so passionate about this – take steps right now. The sooner, the better.
And that's why my current spout is that the 2016 election is the biggest election in your lifetime, if you're a millennial. The millennials are in power – they have a vote and they can swing the election. And that's what we need them to do. The U.S. is so important to the way the world works. That means we're an opportunity and a threat. We need a culture of renewable energy. We need a culture of environmental flight attendantship. We need a culture of recycling goods and manufacturing goods from materials that can be recycled, we can change the world.
Advertisement:
Cynics complain about the practicality of resisting climate change. I'm thinking of the crowd who acknowledges everything you're saying about climate but says, nevertheless, that we shouldn't make sweeping changes if we can't get the rest of the world to act in concert with us, particularly if those changes involve sacrifices. How do you respond to that?
If we were leading, everything would be different. If we're dragging our feet and being scientific dingbats, no one is going to follow us. If the United States were leading, it would change the world. If the United States is screwing around, being divisive and self-defeating, or being terrorized by self-doubt, then no one is going to follow us. So much of this defeatism is pure whining – India is doing this, China is doing that, etc. If the United States were manufacturing the best solar panels, if the United States were exploring the best solar hot water systems, if the United States were exporting the service to erect wind turbines, if the United States were leading the way in getting birds or bats to avoid wind turbines, which has to be a solvable problem, then everybody would buy that technology and things would change.
Buried in the broader conversation about climate change is the assumption that we have to save the planet. I'm not opposed to saving the planet, of course, but isn't it true that the planet will happily survive climate change – it's people who will die. This seems like a non-trivial distinction – what do you think?
Oh, that's the key. The evidence now is that at one time there were about a hundred humans, a tribe or a large group of tribes, but we squeezed through the evolutionary sieve and here we all are. But somebody will live through all of this, even if it's the apocalyptic vision that you see in "Road Warrior." But I would like a lot of people to live through it, like me and you! We have to get to the point where everyone understands what we're facing, where one of our politicians can stand up and think for them or themselves without listening to the polls.
Advertisement:
At the end of your book, you write that you don't want to scare people or blame people or give readers a sense of despair. But you also write that you have no illusions about what lies ahead. Climate change is an immensely difficult challenge, and it's not clear that we have the will to deal with it. How optimistic are you that we will do what's necessary?
Sooner or later, we're going to do what we have to do. And I have to believe that.
I think a lot of us are looking for ways to make a difference on the climate front, but don't necessarily know how. What advice do you give to people who want to apply your ideas or other eco-friendly practices in their daily lives?
There are plenty of things you can do – some are easy and others are hard. Don't waste water bottles. Get in the habit of not wasting our resources. Don't waste food in the restaurant where you eat. Don't bring home extra napkins or extra French fries. Don't waste. Insulate your house. If you haven't insulated the ceiling, insulate it – it makes a real difference. If you want to go wild, invest and do the windows. The single most important thing we can do now, however, is talk about climate change. My claim is that if we were talking about climate change the way we're talking about Ferguson, Missouri, or Baltimore or other important issues, we would be getting these things done. We would be solving this problem together. And, look, it's hard. You're going to meet people who don't want to talk about it. You're going to meet people in denial. You're going to hear people say, “I'm not a scientist, therefore I am not going to use my brain.”
Advertisement:
But if we continue to talk about it, things will get done. If you want to make a difference, these next few months and the election in general have the potential to become a huge turning point. Not just for the U.S., but for humankind.
