This is an excellent phone and I'm very tempted to give it 5 stars, but I think the missing features are a bit too key for that. I was really still happy with my Galaxy S5, except that it was a Verizon banded phone and was having trouble finding towers in new locations after I switched to T-Mobile. First, the good:
1) PRETTY!
2) Fast.
3) Large battery. I don't use my phone much and normally have 80%+ left by the end of the day. Even browsing for 2-3 hours straight used about 25%.
4) NO BLOATWARE. A battery saving app I installed said the T-Mobile account app was draining the battery. I uninstalled it and no more battery drain.
5) 32 GB storage doesn't seem like much, but with no bloatware, it's actually plenty so far.
6) Wireless charging. When I tried qi charging with the Samsung OEM wireless back cover and my Galaxy S5, it ran REALLY hot. I haven't noticed that with this phone. I have a TYLT VU charger, which is nice.
7) I have tiny little kid sized hands and I don't have a problem holding it.
8) Getting all the OS updates right from Google. It spent about the first 24 hours I had it installing updates.
The bad:
1) No SD card.
2) No removable battery.
3) USB 2.0 only.
4) No fingerprint sensor.
5) The email app has been merged with the GMail app in Marshmallow and it has a bug and can't connect to my Hotmail (Luddite here!) account. And the Outlook app just isn't very good.
The weird:
1) No notification light.
2) Curved back - makes it feel nice in the hand, but it doesn't lay flat on a table.
3) The glass is curved such that a screen protector looks really crappy. I've opted to go without, which makes me really nervous.
4) In order to add a custom ringtone or notification, you need to connect the phone to a PC and copy the mp3 file into a specific folder on the device. You can't just long press on the sound file and get an option to set as ringtone, as with other Android phones.
Overall, I'm happy with the phone, though.
New Delhi: Around 210 websites of the central and state government departments were found to be displaying personal details and Aadhaar numbers of beneficiaries, Parliament was informed on Wednesday.
“UIDAI (The Unique Identification Authority of India) has taken note of the same and is regularly monitoring the status to get the Aadhaar data removed from the said websites," minister of state for electronics and IT, P.P. Chaudhary said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha.
The monitoring came after “it was found that around 210 websites of Central Government, State Government Departments including educational institutes were displaying the list of beneficiaries along with their name, address and other details and Aadhaar numbers for information of general public".
There has been no leakage of Aadhaar data from the UIDAI, they added. Chaudhary said that private players have not acquired any Aadhaar data including biometrics from the UIDAI, and sharing of Aadhaar information is done only with authorised agencies through secure applications after following well-established procedures and protocols.
The sharing of Aadhaar information is regulated in terms of the Aadhaar (Sharing of Information) regulations 2016 framed under the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and other Subsidies, Benefits and Services), Act 2016. “As on July 13, 2017, 123 schemes of various Central Ministries/Departments have been notified under Section 7 or 57 of Aadhaar Act, 2016. In respect of these schemes, Aadhaar number is necessary for the purpose of establishing identity of an individual to enable receipt of subsidies, benefits and services etc," they added.
To another query, they said that the linkage of Aadhaar number with PAN (Permanent Account Number) database will allow a “robust way" of de-duplication as the former is based on biometric attributes of finger prints and iris images. “Some instances were found where multiple PANs have been allotted to one person or one PAN has been alloted to multiple persons despite the application of de-duplication process based on demographic data," they said.
Seeding of Aadhaar will allow weeding out any undetected duplicate PANs, they added. PAN is the key identifier of taxable entity and aggregator of all financial transactions undertaken by the entity.
Credit: Privacy Gourmet
Network Advertising Initiative
A recent U.K. study by AOL finds that most online users are concerned about their online privacy and about providing personal details to Websites. No surprise there. In fact, the study found that 84 percent of respondents said that "they would not give away income details online." What to make then of the fact that 89 percent of those same respondents actually provided the very same income details that they claimed they wouldn't give? Oops.Apparently the perception of users does not always match the reality of the situation. Another example of this perceptual disconnect is that the study also found that 34 percent of respondents expected to experience credit card fraud as a result of their activities, but only 11 percent of respondents had actually experienced such problems. (Actually, we don't even like those odds: we have a one in 10 chance of being a victim of credit card fraud? No wonder we're paranoid!)The respondents were also asked if they typically read sites' privacy policies. Only 38 percent said that they did. Of those that read the policies, half the respondents said that the information was not easy to understand. As to why people don't read the privacy policies, the two most popular answers were that it "takes too long," and there is "too much 'leagalese' or jargon."This study comes on the heels of AOL's U.K. privacy education campaign (the U.S. version can be found here ), which ironically is only loosely related to the study results. AOL's campaign is designed to educate online consumers of the how cookies can be used for targeted advertising and how users can opt out out the targeted ad network of members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ). So while AOL's study focused on the conscious behavior of online users, the campaign is actually focused on educating users on how information about sites they have visited can be used by other sites, and how to opt out of this mechanism if they choose to. Of course, opting out of the NAI ad network partners only removes you from receiving targeted ads on sites with NAI ad network partners. Any non-NAI network ad partners are free to still examine your cookies. As many users do, you could disable cookies in your browser (or selectively enable them for only the sites you choose); but since the NAI opt-out program depends on setting a specific NAI ad network opt-out cookie for your browser, disabling cookies would disable the NAI ad network opt out mechanism.While the means might be inexact, AOL's intentions are in the right place:"Personalising content and delivering relevant advertising online will only succeed for consumers and for advertisers if it is done in a trustworthy and transparent manner. In addition, business and government will need to offer approaches that recognise that at certain times personalisation and data use will be welcomed, and in other cases, users will demand limits on the use of their data." --Jules Polonetsky, AOL's Chief Privacy Officer.The AOL privacy campaign includes relevant links to AboutCookies.org , a site that provides a "guide to deleting and controlling cookies"; a link to Polonetsky' own Privacy Gourmet Website, devoted to promoting online advertising transparency practices; and links to the privacy policies of related sites, including the one for AOL U.K. (AOL's U.S. privacy policy is here ). It's refreshing to see a large online presence take a transparent stance on online privacy. Let's hope that other sites and companies follow AOL's lead and take similar approaches to treating your online privacy as a more transparent endeavor.
AMD has published a new video presentation showing off the capabilities and utility of the DockPort connection standard. The DockPort standard was drafted by both AMD and Texas Instruments and was first shown as a concept under the name of Lightning Bolt at CES 2012. At the recent CES 2014 DockPort was adopted as an official royalty free DisplayPort standard extension by VESA.
Display, data and power – in one connector
The emerging DockPort standard enables high-speed USB 3.0 data over existing DisplayPort connectors. A DockPort cable will also provide power transmission, enough to power and charge a laptop, for example. This combination provides a lot of functionality in one cable/ connector; "With just one inexpensive connector, users can now access power, a mouse, keyboard, external optical and hard disk drives, printers, gaming controller, and up to four external monitors. That's a lot of capability from a single, standardized connector," explained Steve Belt, AMD's corporate vice president of strategic alliances
The video shows AMD's Discovery Tablet reference design making use of the DockPort for many of its important functions. The port is used to power/charge the tablet and this same port on the tablet is used by the keyboard dock to connect to it and transform it into a 2-in-1 design. This emphasises the docking qualities of the port – as the docked tablet automatically reads the camera roll from a memory card inserted into the keyboard unit.
The AMD video also shows the ability of DockPort to daisy-chain and connect several component blocks to expand the computer including; a power brick, speakers, a HDMI out port, network sharing, multiple displays, a pair of USB ports and an SSD drive.
Wes Ray, systems and applications manager for Consumer and Computing Interfaces at TI said about the new standard; “As an open standard, DockPort will be readily available for designers to implement and more quickly deliver the convenience of a single connection in devices such as tablets, notebooks, docking stations and dongles.”
A cheap Thunderbolt?
One of the VESA directors, Craig Wiley, Sr. Director of Marketing for Parade Technologies, said that the DockPort connector, while backwardly compatible with DisplayPort devices, offers functionality similar to Thunderbolt connectors. "We expect the DockPort feature will appear in main-stream products since its performance is tailored for standard connectors and passive cables," said Wiley. The lack of royalty payments required for controllers and use of passive cables should make DockPort cheaper and more accessible than Thunderbolt and help adoption of the standard after it is finalised in H2 this year.
Finally, Poncho Sanchez will be joined by trumpeter Terrene Blanchard on closing night, putting on a Latin-infused set ahead of pop star Ricky Martin.
One ray of light in this terrene abode To prove to Man the Goodness of their God?
Shane Mathieson, who has worked at Terrene for 13 years, helps breweries take the ideas in their heads and turn them into reality.
42) Il termine "spoliazione" e vocabolo assai ricorrente nel lessico del Per via di annichilazione e si riferisce al progressivo distacco dalle lusinghe terrene ottenuto attraverso la mortificazione del corpo e dell'anima.
1) Department of Philosophy, Faculty of Science Human and Science Social, University of Constantine 2 Abdelhamid Mehri, Terrene Kadour Boumedous, Constantine, 25000, Algeria.
Questa canzone che fu composta dopo la morte di Beatrice in onore di una donna gentile che e simbolo della filosofia, segna un accorato ritorno al passato, una forza evasiva, una fuga dagli impegni e dai doveri nuovi, un ritorno ad abitudini terrene (Di Salvo in Alighieri, 2010a: 42).
Les oeuvres qui composent la recente exposition solo de Kelly Richardson, Terrene (1), organisee par Scott McGovern, sont jumelees avec les tableaux du Groupe des Sept et de Torn Thomson, qui font partie de la collection permanente du Macdonald Stewart Art Centre (MSAC).
But I still feel must restless, alone in this Terrene .
InTech50, a joint initiative by iSPIRT and Terrene Global Leadership Network, that recognizes most promising software products by India's entrepreneurs, have confirmed Altizon product, namely, Altizon Datonis Platform, from over 200 nominations.
83r/ moderamine inculpatae tutelae (g) [with due moderation of blameless defense]: But it is not an imaginary (h) because that either hath no (i) reality in it, or that ariseth not to that height as naturally to justify it, that can make such bodily injury Justifable by the Law of Nature, for tho there be no Terrene (20) Judge or Governor to punish it, yet that no more makes the thing lawfull, then the most unjust action under Heaven, that by the Power of the party comitting it, renders it (j) de facto unpunishable; (k)
Two such overstuffed amalgams, Terrene , 2012, and Gyre, 2013, were presented here as discrete sculptures; in photographs, others appeared in less pristine settings, such as an unidentified shantytown, suggesting a connection between Mattingly's haphazard constructions and the improvised architectures at the outskirts of cities worldwide.
Ukraine President Viktor Yanukovych fled from Kiev on Saturday as the protest movement against their government continued to gain ground. Their departure follows a deal signed yesterday with opposition leaders that dilutes their power, establishes a transitional government, and moves toward early elections, according to The Washington Post.
It also left their presidential residence just 12 miles from the city unoccupied, but not for very long.
Hundreds of protesters and journalists entered their incredible compound to find that Yanukovych was living in the lap of luxury. Besides their huge mansion, the president had their own private zoo, golf course, helipad, and even a massive boat.
Washington Post has more:
The crowds of ordinary Ukrainians getting their first glimpse of the luxurious estate wandered the grounds taking photos. An elderly pensioner shouted, "What a thief!" as they took in the marble statuary.
There was no looting, no one was allowed to enter the houses or outbuildings, and opposition protesters who had manned the barricades in Independence Square, the epicenter of the anti-government demonstrations, warned visitors to keep off the grass.
Here's what protesters are seeing on the grounds:
President Obama has defended their knowledge and commitment to the Constitution by reminding Americans they used to teach constitutional law courses. When it comes to Obama's Clean Power Plan, one of their former law professors disagrees.
Laurence Tribe joins the long list of individuals, organizations, and local and state governments opposing the Clean Power Plan. Under the Clean Power Plan, the EPA is attempting to finalize regulations that would require states to meet individual targets to cut CO2 emissions, essentially eliminating the use of coal as an affordable, reliable energy source that provides nearly 40 percent of America's electricity. Tribe, a Harvard law professor and “liberal legal icon,” had not been shy about their reasons in the past and testified on them before the House Energy and Power Subcommittee on Tuesday.
There's a long (and quite dirty) laundry list of reasons Obama's Clean Power Plan is a bad deal for Americans, which The Heritage Foundation and many others have detailed. To name a few, the plan will have almost zero impact on global temperatures, even though the plan is billed as a global warming initiative. It guts energy diversity by eliminating coal and replacing it with natural gas, which is as foolish as staking your nest egg on one kind of investment.
It threatens electric reliability and forces Americans to pay more for less power. And it creates the need for massive federal and state bureaucracies to manage the plan—providing ample opportunity for businesses to lobby for special protection and governments ample opportunity to make some money. No matter how states ultimately construct the plan, Americans will pay.
And as Tribe aptly puts it, the Clean Power Plan burns the Constitution.
Tribe's entire testimony is well worth the read for anyone regardless of what they believe about global warming. Their arguments having nothing to do with the “pros and cons” of the EPA's response to global warming but with the rule of law and the “novel course of action” EPA has chosen to force through the Clean Power Plan. Here are a few notable excerpts from Tribe's testimony Tuesday:
“At its core, the issue the Clean Power Plan presents is whether EPA is bound by the rule of law and must operate within the framework established by the United States Constitution.”
“EPA's plan will force States to adopt policies that will raise energy costs and prove deeply unpopular, while cloaking those policies in the Emperor's garb of state ‘choice'—even though in fact the polices are compelled by EPA. Such sleight-of-hand offends democratic principles by avoiding political transparency and accountability.”
“Accordingly, EPA's gambit would mean citizens surrendering their right to be represented by an accountable and responsive government that accords with the postulates of federalism.”
“The Affordable Care Act may not compel health insurance consumers to eat or buy broccoli, but EPA seeks to interpret the Clean Air Act to allow it to regulate every watt used in growing broccoli and moving it to the market—as well as every watt used for any other activity within a State.”
“Faced with [the Clean Air Act's] explicit statutory bar to its Clean Power Plan, EPA advances a variety of arguments in an attempt to circumvent the clear statutory text. Its arguments violate the rules of grammar, ignore the history and structure of the Clean Air Act, and would turn Congress' handiwork upside down.”
If it has not already, Tribe's testimony should remind Congress that it is a coequal branch with the executive and not powerless against the EPA's overreach. Tribe concluded that regardless of where an individual stands on global warming, the Clean Power Plan is not the way forward. In other words, the ends do not justify the means if the means take the very foundation of American government and democracy as a casualty. That's something any freedom-loving member of Congress should be able to get behind.
A former version of this story stated President Obama was formerly a constitutional law professor. The story has been updated to express that Obama taught constitutional law courses in the past. Obama was a senior lecturer on the subject, although they refer to themselves as a former professor.
Image: Anubha Momin and Sara Statham/Finding True North
For four months, a fiery inferno known by many as the "Dumpcano" has been consuming tonnes of Arctic human garbage in Iqaluit, the capital city of Nunavut, one of Canada's northernmost territories. But finally (and thankfully) the garbage blaze has been put out by a team of firefighters.
"For 17 straight days, members of the City of Iqaluit, Hellfire Suppression Services, Rapid Fire Services, Global Forensics Inc., and Tower Arctic worked to extinguish the fire," said a city release on the operation, which thanked the Canadian and Nunavut governments for support.
The city also took the time to reassure residents that it has been monitoring the fumes and air quality of the fire, which omitted smoke for over 100 days from a giant pile of trash that sits right near the town.
Images are courtesy of Anubha Momin and Sara Statham from the blog Finding True North. The images originally appeared on VICE Canada
"During the time of the fire, monitoring of air and water quality in association with the landfill has been maintained. Any contaminated water used to fight the fire will continue to be carefully managed," the statement said.
The dump fire started in May, and as VICE Canada reported, really began as a nascent molten-core deep in the belly of a four storey pile of trash. During that time, it has been seeping toxic fumes into the town of less than 7,000. The risk of carcinogens being carried within the smoke of the burning trash mountain and into the town has made residents nervous about its effects on the elderly, children, and pregnant women.
As you might have guessed, worries about the smoke plume from a burning hillock of trash weren't unfounded: Not even a month ago, Nunavut's Department of Health issued advisories for residents—after originally stating the air quality was not posing a risk to public health—to be mindful of Dumpcano smoke.
"People with heart or lung disease, asthma, the elderly, children, pregnant women and women who may become pregnant should limit their exposure to dump fire smoke," it said in an August 29 release. "This can be done by staying indoors with the doors and windows closed, and with air exchangers set to recirculate indoor air or turned off. Reduce or reschedule outdoor physical activity. People should seek medical attention if they have symptoms such as trouble breathing or tightness in the chest."
From the "Stop the Dump Fires" Facebook page. Image: Shawn Inuksuk
Part of the problem is the remoteness of Nunavut, where essential consumer goods like fruit can cost a fortune since the closest major city is Ottawa, thousands of kilometres away. Because of that, recycling and garbage disposal at landfills built on permafrost leads to mountains of trash whose cores, thanks to decomposition, can get hot enough to spontaneously combust.
The incident poses questions of large-scale human inhabitation of Arctic lands on the fringes of Canada, forcing the government to seriously think about how it will provide infrastructure to citizens in lands often touted as the future of Canada.
But the city isn't out of the woods yet. Not only have dump fires been an ongoing problem for years, CBC is reporting the fire crews will be paying close attention to the remnants of Dumpcano for six months, in case it reignites.
Ahmed Errachidi, 47, is a Moroccan chef. Having spent much of their adult life living in London, they were arrested in Pakistan, near the border with Afghanistan, in January 2002. Handed over to the American authorities, they were held in military bases in Afghanistan before being transferred to Guantánamo Bay, where they spent five-and-a-half years, most of them in solitary confinement. They were released in 2007. They have never been charged with any crime.
You grew up in Tangier. What brought you to London?
I first went there in 1985, aged 19. I was young and wanted to discover the world, to meet people. I married a British woman. [The marriage later broke down.]
And you got into cooking...
I started as a kitchen porter. But I had a passion for food and I began to cook the odd thing, and my bosses saw I could do it well and gave me more responsibility. I loved bringing ingredients together, creating dishes that made people happy.
On 11 September 2001, you were in a cafe in north London... Can you describe your feelings that day?
Shock and horror. No one I was with understood what was going on. We thought it was a plane crash. Then it became clear it was a terrorist attack. I felt a terrible sense of loss.
Just a few weeks after 9/11, you travelled to Pakistan. Why?
Work was quiet and I realised I couldn't keep travelling back and forth between Morocco and London. I'd married again, and my wife and sons lived in Tangier. So I started thinking about starting a business and decided to import silver from Pakistan. In August 2001, I learned that my youngest son, Imran, had a heart problem and might need an operation. We needed money. So I went to Pakistan to get things started.
But then, while there, you decided to travel into Afghanistan...
The American bombing of Afghanistan had just begun, and I would watch the images of suffering on the news in my hotel room. It was all happening less than 100 miles away. I just had an urge to try and help. I was in pain myself because of my son and as soon as the idea crossed my mind to help those people, I started to feel better. As a Muslim, if you want God to help you in something, you need to help others. So I crossed the border.
You were arrested just inside Pakistan, on your return from Afghanistan. Did you have any inkling at this stage that you might be sent to Guantánamo?
No. When the Pakistanis arrested me, they lied. They said they just wanted to make sure I wasn't on any wanted list, then they'd let me go. I remember thinking, each week when Friday came round: "Oh no, that means I'm not going to be released till Monday." That's how optimistic I was then. It seems almost funny now.
You were held at military bases in Bagram and Kandahar before being transferred to Guantánamo. While there, you were interviewed by British interrogators. Didn't they help?
They said there was nothing they could do. Their hands were tied. Although one MI5 agent told me that, if I was telling the truth, he'd get me released. I remember asking them how long it would take to check my story. Their exact words were: "It may take weeks."
What happened when you arrived in Guantánamo?
Exactly the same thing as happened to every new prisoner. After a 26-hour journey, shackled and blindfolded, I was taken to an interrogation room and the first thing they said was: "Do you know Osama bin Laden? Did you know about 9/11 before it happened?" And then a female interrogator told me that all my rights had been taken away, that if I didn't co-operate I was going to spend the rest of my life there. But since I'd done nothing wrong, I didn't know how to co-operate.
During your time there you were subjected to constant, often astonishing cruelty by the US soldiers – beatings, sleep deprivation, forced nudity. Do you feel contempt for them now?
The ordinary soldiers were executing orders. They were very cruel, but they were being used as well. They were told that we were terrorists who had been trained not to feel pain. If I was to meet them today, I would tell them that what they did was wrong, but I would forgive them. But the politicians, the generals in charge – I will never forgive those people. I believe they need to stand trial.
You were one of the few detainees who spoke English. What difference did that make?
It meant I was always in contact with the soldiers. Each time there was a problem, they called me to translate. So I was always in their face. I couldn't hide. And that made me a target. They assumed I was a troublemaker, a leader. That's why they gave me the nickname "the General".
You write of the sense of solidarity you felt with other prisoners.
We were like a family. What brings people together is having something in common, whether a religion or material interest. We shared one thing in common, and that was pain.
How did you get out?
My lawyer, Clive Stafford Smith, dug around and discovered that the accusations against me couldn't be true, that I had been working in London like I'd always said. It wasn't hard to check these things. If the Americans had wanted to, they could have done this.
What was returning to normal life like?
It took me a very long time to learn how to walk without shackles. I would take three steps and think I couldn't go any further. Even now, my life is not the same. The five years I spent in Guantánamo are behind me, but it doesn't feel like that. It feels as if they're still in front of me, always present. Life doesn't taste the same.
What are you up to now?
I live in Morocco with my family. I've opened a restaurant. But even that's not a source of pleasure. I planned the menu, trained the chefs, but I don't spend much time there. My heart is no longer in the kitchen. I enjoy my family but not to the full, because I'm still not a free man. I've not been allowed a passport since I got out of Guantánamo. The Americans don't want me to travel.
What made you write a book about your experiences?
Because I have a sense of obligation to tell the world what happened behind the wires of Guantánamo. I am very pleased that I have done this. I thank God for giving me the strength.
The General: The Ordinary Man Who Challenged Guantanamo is published by Chatto
ISLAMABAD (AP) – Militants crossed into Pakistan from Afghanistan and killed 13 Pakistani troops, beheading seven of them, the Pakistani military charged Monday. Outraged, Pakistan's new prime minister said they would protest to the Afghan president.
The border skirmish is a new sign of tensions between Pakistan and Afghanistan, two uneasy neighbors. Pakistan has complained that militants use parts of Afghanistan for sanctuary to stage attacks inside Pakistan.
That claim helps Islamabad counter frequent U.S. and NATO complaints that militants behind much of the violence in Afghanistan come from Pakistan.
Pakistani military officials said in a statement Monday that militants from Afghanistan crossed the border in the northwestern Pakistan's Upper Dir region Sunday night and clashed with Pakistan forces on a patrol. The military said six Pakistani troops were killed outright. Seven who went missing were killed and then beheaded, while the remaining four have still not been found. The reports could not be independently verified.
Reflecting the particularly gruesome nature of the attack, newly elected Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf said they would complain directly to Afghan President Hamid Karzai about the incident.
"We have strongly protested and I will, too, God willing, talk about this to Karzai," said Ashraf, speaking in Karachi.
Pakistani troops killed 14 of the militants, the military said.
The Pakistani Taliban say their fighters carried out the raid, but the statement didn't say whether the attackers had crossed over from Afghanistan. It said Pakistani claims of militant casualties were false.
Both sides often release false or partial information about such incidents, which usually happen in areas inaccessible to the media.
The deputy border police commander for eastern Afghanistan, Maj. Mohammad Ayub Hassainkhail, said the Pakistani military informed police Monday that one of their patrols was missing. They said they told the Pakistani officials they had no information about any Pakistani military near their checkpoints, but said it is a long border.
"They have plenty of militants on their side. Why would the militants cross over from Afghanistan? I strongly reject this claim that any militants crossed over from Afghanistan to Pakistan and did this," they said.
The border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan is a hotbed of militant insurgency largely removed from the control of the Pakistani government.
In another development elsewhere in the troubled region, a top Pakistani Taliban commander in South Waziristan said Monday that they would not allow any polio vaccinations in their territory until the U.S. stops drone attacks in the region. Maulvi Nazir said in a statement emailed to reporters that all organizations doing immunizations should stop immediately.
This follows an announcement earlier this month by another militant commander in North Waziristan also banning polio vaccinations. Pakistan is one of only three countries in the world where polio is still endemic. The virus usually infects children living in unsanitary conditions, attacks the nerves and can kill or paralyze.
Vaccination programs, especially those with international links, have become under suspicion in Pakistan ever since it became known that a Pakistani doctor ran a fake vaccination program to help the CIA track down Osama bin Laden. The al-Qaeda leader was killed during a raid by U.S. Navy SEALs in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad in May 2011. Dr. Shakil Afridi had helped the CIA run a vaccination program designed to collect DNA from bin Laden and their family.
I got an awesome selection of healthy and delicious snacks from my trans-Atlantic gifter! Fruit and nuts are sorely lacking in my student diet so I really appreciate the selection here, as well as the inevitably tasty popcorn and nuts that will go down a treat in my film viewing in the next few weeks!
I didn't know hibiscus was edible, but now I do and I have no excuse not to try it! However I can report that another exotic choice, the 'chili guava slices' have already been opened and are half gone, I'm going to have to hunt down a UK supplier ASAP (they go really excellently with Blandford Flyer ;) ) I'm sure the Hummus and Cranberries will also be nice and I look forward to snacking away.
A really massive thanks for the thought and variety here :D
Stripping kernel/uboot source to 10% for code reading
When reading kernel or uboot source code, it's quite a headache that there are so many duplicate definitions for CPU specific functions. For e.g., when I was working on our company's pxa988 uboot code, there are only ~400 relevant files, but how many files total are there in the whole uboot project? More than 6000!
Here I present a simple but reliable way to get rid of those not immediately needed files, it works both for kernel and uboot. It's based on building and file timestamps: after a full build, ideally all relevant files will be visited, thus their atime updated, but those irrelevant files shouldn't.
So here are the steps:
touch all source code files (this step is mandatory, or else the atime won't update correctly, I don't know why, but guess it's an optimization). git ls-tree HEAD -r --name-only|xargs touch touch a sentinel file: touch mark full build find all files newerly accessed than mark, like this: find . -anewer mark . These are used (visited) by the build. Similarly find all files not accessed after mark, these are not used by the build, so not so important for your code reading task. Remove them. After removing those non-build files, do a full build again (with the same kernel/uboot config, of course) to verify it's still building OK.
But sadly, this idea doesn't work. In step 4, you will find that all source files has been visited (with a newer atime than mark), WTH?
strace(1) comes to the rescue!
( cd uboot; strace -f time make -j8 helan_ff_config; strace -f time make -j8 ) 2>&1 | tee ~/strace.log
In the ~/strace.log , we can find who is visiting a file for a totally different CPU/driver:
$ grep drivers/mmc/arm_pl180_mmci.c ~/strace.log [pid 684] lstat("drivers/mmc/arm_pl180_mmci.c", {st_mode=S_IFREG|0644, st_size=11286, ...}) = 0 [pid 684] open("drivers/mmc/arm_pl180_mmci.c", O_RDONLY) = 6 [pid 694] lstat("drivers/mmc/arm_pl180_mmci.c", {st_mode=S_IFREG|0644, st_size=11286, ...}) = 0 $ grep ' 684]' ~/strace.log|head -n 5 [pid 684] close(10) = 0 [pid 684] execve("/usr/bin/git", ["git", "update-index", "--refresh", "--unmerged"], [/* 78 vars */]) = 0 [pid 684] brk(0) = 0x25b6000 [pid 684] access("/etc/ld.so.nohwcap", F_OK) = -1 ENOENT (No such file or directory) [pid 684] mmap(NULL, 8192, PROT_READ|PROT_WRITE, MAP_PRIVATE|MAP_ANONYMOUS, -1, 0) = 0x2b5c68ec2000
And you can see that it is a git update-index ... command, and it is run in a script named setlocalversion (same script for both kernel and uboot). After hacking this script (do not run the git command), the idea works.
See my scripts to do it in one command: for uboot and for kernel. But you need to adapt them if you want to use, of course. For those commands not found anywhere else such as pn (Print Nth field) or file-arg1-arg2 (file version of arg1-arg2, doing simple set subtraction: echo $(arg1-arg2 'a b c d e' 'e b b') => a c d ), you can find them in the same github project as the above 2 scripts.
Using this idea, the uboot code can be reduced from ~6000 files to ~400, and kernel from ~40k to ~4k (based on our small embedded system's kernel config, of course), that is, about 10 percent.
Still, you may want to know and use beagrep which is great for reading huge code base (it can grep 2G Android source code in 0.23 second).
Despite the piles of snow and a messy commute, wineries in B.C.'s southern interior say their glass is more than half-full after being hit by a major snowstorm.
The Okanagan Valley was blanketed by a snowstorm, which started on Saturday afternoon and lasted until Monday evening. Kelowna was left with 38 centimetres of snow, Penticton with 27 centimetres and Osoyoos accumulated 14 centimetres.
Meteorologist Jennifer Hay at Environment Canada said this type of snowfall is "out of the ordinary" for the region. Kelowna was only one centimetre shy of beating its 1949 record for the most snow received over a two-day period.
Story continues below advertisement
But in B.C.'s main agricultural region, the white stuff hasn't bothered some of the 131 winery operators and grape growers in the Okanagan Valley.
"We were excited," said Rasoul Salehi, general manager of LaStella and Le Vieux Pin wineries in Osoyoos. They said snow helps maintain the health of grape vines through the winter season. "Down near the root level, near the bottom of the plant's trunk, snow creates almost an igloo or blanket-like effect protecting the vine from freezing and dying," Mr. Salehi said.
Snow can help with moderating fluctuating temperatures and preventing frost – a more significant threat to grape vines that often comes when skies are clear and there is little to trap heat in the atmosphere. Most vines cannot survive below -15 C.
The problem of vines being bitten by frost is something Mr. Salehi and others in the Okanagan have experienced before. "The winter of 2008/2009, we had clear skies but temperatures plummeted to minus-20 degrees, and even minus-23 in certain areas, and it caused quite a bit of damage up and down the valley," they said.
Scott Locke, general manager of Cedar Creek Winery in Kelowna, echoed Mr. Salehi's sentiments about the early winter snowstorm. "I wasn't too worried. Had it been February, it'd be a bigger concern because we would have started pruning to get ready for the upcoming season," they said.
Both Mr. Locke and Mr. Salehi say unexpected weather conditions are a part of being a grape grower in the region.
"Whatever style of wine-making you have, you have to dial it back in the Okanagan," Mr. Salehi said. "Your practices are more expensive because you have to take into consideration the worst-case scenario conditions with the weather: Prepare for an early harvest, have lower yields, prune later."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
This snowstorm, though, is not unwelcome. It's expected to add to the water supply in the desert-like conditions of the region and help with irrigation. "It's all healthy from that perspective. When the runoff comes, the lake's going to rise quite a bit," Mr. Locke said.Special to The Globe and Mail
The most popular man in America, George Herman “Babe” Ruth, arrived with the New York Yankees in May of 1924 to play two games against the Washington Senators. Several days earlier, they had enlisted with the New York National Guard in a well-publicized event in Times Square – a large National Guard recruitment push.
Thanks Shorpy for these great Babe Ruth photos.
A number of articles were written about Ruth being in town. Here's on from the Washington Post:
Babe Ruth's batting average in artillery nomenclature is woefully weak. Recently they were recruited into a unit of the New York Guard and called at the State, War and Navy building yesterday afternoon to pay their respects to Gen. Pershing. In a few minutes' conversation with the Recruit Ruth it became apparent there is much hard work ahead for guard instructors if the mighty slugger is to become an artillery expert. The Babe muffed on the question, “What is a caisson?” The expression on their face when the inquiry was made was as puzzled as when they have made a third strike.
This one is even more amusing. It's from the Associated Press.
WASHINGTON, May 28, 1924 (Associated Press.) — Private Babe Ruth, recently acquired rookie of the New York National Guard, came to Washington today to report to their commander-in-chief, General Pershing. Anxious to appear in uniform, the Babe hustled around New York to find one big enough to fit him. They had no luck, so when the Yankees came to Washington they went to see the quartermaster-general about it. At 9 a.m. they were waiting to be outfitted from the stock extra large uniform sizes in preparation for their formal appearance at General Pershing's office.
If you've ever seen the Cultural Tourism DC sign at Columbia Rd. and Wyoming Ave. NW (sign #13 on the Adams Morgan Heritage Trail), you will notice a photo of Babe Ruth in a military uniform which, until now, seemed very odd. Well, now you know the story behind it. Stop and check out that sign the next time you walk by it.
By the way, the Yankees were in town playing the Washington Senators in a doubleheader on May 28th (rain the previous day forced the twin bill). They split the series with Waite Hoyt and the Yankees beating our ace, Walter Johnson 7-4 in the first game (Ruth went 2 for 4 with two K's) and the Senators, led by Tom Zachary beat the Yanks 6-1 in the second game (Ruth went 1 for 4 with one K). It was a Wednesday, so only 2,500 came to the first game and 4,000 were in the stands for the second game.
Incidentally, the Washington Senators won the American League at 92-62 in 1924 and went on to take the World Series over the New York Giants.
Oh, this is cool too, but it's not from their National Guard enlistment. This was their World War I Draft Registration Card which I dug up at the National Archives … employed by Boston American, working at Fenway Park. Nice.
One last thing. If you haven't been to Ruth's birthplace in Baltimore, you should. It's a great museum and they're on Twitter (@BabeRuthMuseum).
Related articles
From selfies on super-yachts to posing with private jets, the young heirs of the uber-wealthy have attracted worldwide envy and derision by flaunting their lavish lifestyles on social media.
But these self-styled rich kids of Instagram are, often unwittingly, revealing their parents' hidden assets and covert business dealings, providing evidence for investigators to freeze or seize assets worth tens of millions of pounds, and for criminals to defraud their families.
Leading cybersecurity firms said they were using evidence from social media in up to 75% of their litigation cases, ranging from billionaire divorces to asset disputes between oligarchs, with the online activity of super-rich heirs frequently providing the means to bypass their family's security.
Kanye and 50 Cent go for broke Read more
Oisín Fouere, managing director of K2 Intelligence in London, said social media was increasingly their “first port of call”. Their opponent in one asset recovery case claimed to have no significant valuables – until investigators found a social media post by one of their children that revealed they were on their $25m yacht in the Bahamas.
Daniel Hall, director of global judgment enforcement at Burford Capital, said their targets in such cases tended to be people “of a slightly older vintage” who were not prodigious users of Instagram, Facebook and Twitter, but whose children, employees and associates often were. The firm recently managed to seize a “newly acquired private jet” in a fraud case because one of the two fraudsters had a son in their 30s who posted a photograph on Instagram of themselves and their father standing in front of the plane.
“That's the kind of jackpot scenario one hopes for,” said Hall.
The growing significance of social media in litigation was recently illustrated by rapper 50 Cent, who was ordered by a Connecticut court last month to explain a photo on Instagram in which they posed with stacks of $100 bills that spelled out “broke”, months after filing for bankruptcy. The rapper claimed the money was fake.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Yachts and cruise ships in the harbour at Monaco as the wealthy gathered for the 2015 F1 grand prix. Photograph: imageBROKER/Rex/Shutterstock
Hall, a former lawyer turned corporate investigator, said most investigations were more complex, and involved using social media to map a target's family and business networks. For example, they might use the metadata embedded in an Instagram post to identify their location, or use a Facebook “like” or tag to track down a proxy company. They said: “You can start building up a profile of that individual: where they are; what their interests are; who are they regularly in touch with?”
Another of Hall's fraud cases involved the Russian chief executive and major shareholder of a collapsed Russian bank. Their lawyer argued that the case should not be brought in the UK, as it was not their primary residence. “Part of the evidence we used was social media, chronologically showing data posts of the family members and the principal themselves … living and operating here, so [proving] the UK is the correct jurisdiction,” said Hall. Investigators often use location search tools such as Geofeedia, which enable them to throw a virtual “geo-fence” around a certain building or area and gather all of the social media posted from there in real time.
Andrew Beckett, managing director of cybersecurity and investigations at Kroll, said the firm uncovered multimillion-pound hidden assets in a divorce case last year by monitoring the location of the children's social media posts. The court ordered the husband to give their wife $30m, but they claimed not to have such assets.
“We monitored social media, particularly for their children, who were in their 20s, and found a lot of posts from the same geo-tagged sites,” said Beckett. “Cross-referencing that with land registry and other similar bodies overseas, we found half a dozen properties that were registered in the name of this person.
“We were able to go to the court with a list of assets that we conservatively estimated at $60m, which the court then seized until they settled the amount that had been ordered.”
Superyachts and bragging rights: why the super-rich love their ‘floating homes' Read more
Beckett said the social media indiscretions of super-rich heirs were also leaving their families vulnerable to fraud and extortion, with high-net-worth individuals and families probably losing collectively several hundred million dollars each year due to cybercrime. The most recent case investigated by Kroll involved defrauding a family office, a private company that manages the wealth of families typically worth at least $250m.
An heiress had their email account hacked because the password was the name of their dog, which was plastered all over their social media posts. When they went on holiday, the hackers sent spoof invoices for private jets, luxury villas and shopping sprees to the family office, which paid out $900,000 before the crime was detected. “It was only when dad got cross about the size of the bills they were racking up that somebody thought to contact them and query it,” said Beckett. “It is that easy.”
Fouere said that K2 Intelligence had seen an exponential rise in such cases in the last year, as cybercrime groups increasingly targeted wealthy families as well as corporations. “We had a case recently where the payment instruction was for $500,000 and it was executed,” they said.
Jordan Arnold, the head of private client services at the firm, said it was helping the super-rich to devise family social media policies that set out a code of conduct for posting sensitive content, such as images of their properties, yachts and jets.
Why was this summit so important?
David Cameron could not be playing for higher stakes in Europe. Not only has they promised an in/out referendum on UK membership of the European Union by the end of 2017, they have also told EU leaders that if they don't get the reforms the British people want, they will be prepared to lead the Out campaign.
The referendum, they now hint, will be in 2016, so there is no time to waste in getting a deal. At Thursday night's summit dinner in Brussels they were given centre stage to make their case. They had to strike a very careful balance: they needed help and they needed allies, but also had to focus minds. If things do not work as they plan – and the British people think they have not improved their lot in Europe – the UK could end up out of the EU this time next year. And then Scotland, whose people want to stay in, could use Brexit as a reason to hold another independence referendum. Cameron risks taking the UK out of Europe and losing Scotland from the union. That could be their legacy.
All other EU member states made clear at the summit dinner that they do not want the UK to go. But some were unimpressed by what they saw as one country threatening the rest of the member states. The Lithuanian president, Dalia Grybauskaité, is said to have remarked disapprovingly about UK attempts at “blackmail”. Cameron was given the floor for 40 minutes to perform their high-wire act. They did not get to eat much of their chicken terrine or fillet of venison, said their aides.
It was their most important moment on the EU stage in their six years as prime minister. In June they were given just five minutes over coffee and liqueurs to say their piece, because the Greek crisis and future of the euro pushed their speech off the menu. This time they were given the time they needed.
How did the prime minister make their case?
Cameron placed heavy emphasis on how the British people see the EU, how they want it to do less, not more, and want fewer people coming to the UK from the EU. If the British people were to vote to stay in the EU, they wanted more controls over immigration. They stood by their demand – opposed by all other member states – that EU migrants must wait four years before they receive in-work benefits. They are, however, willing to look at other suggestions to achieve the same goal. It was the end, not the means, that mattered.
Another of their demands is that non-euro countries should have greater protections against possible negative effects of the decisions taken by eurozone members. They want a recognition that the EU is a multi-currency union, not a single currency zone. Their intervention on single currency issues reminded some of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown in 1997, demanding the right to be involved in decisions about the euro when the UK had not agreed to join. Cameron told EU leaders they also want the UK to be exempted from the commitment in the Treaty of Rome to “ever closer union” as well as greater powers for national parliaments to stop unwanted laws from Brussels.
In short, it was a manifesto to curb immigration, prevent the City and UK business from being negatively affected by the euro, with a couple of largely symbolic demands about cutting the powers of Brussels thrown in for good measure.
How did it go down with the other leaders?
The prime minister performed impressively and was listened to politely. There were no flashes of temper, no lectures to them from any of the true believers. At least 20 of the other leaders sitting round the oval table on floor 80 of the Justus Lipsius building pitched in with questions. President of the European commission Jean-Claude Juncker, whose candidacy for the top job Cameron had tried unsuccessfully to block, emerged as a surprise ally, saying they had a raft of ideas that could help to unblock deadlocked negotiations on benefits.
David Cameron's savvy speech to EU leaders offers hope of referendum win Read more
It would be a supreme irony if Juncker, of all people, turns out to be the man who rides to Cameron's rescue and helps keep the UK in the EU. There were difficult moments when the Belgians and Greeks led efforts to get Cameron to drop their benefits plan altogether. They were promptly told by bigger member states such as Germany that Cameron's entire referendum strategy would go up in flames, and the UK would be sure to leave the EU, if they were forced to do that.
What were the sticking points?
While Cameron will have left Brussels on Friday afternoon content that they had at least had a respectful audience, they encountered stiff opposition to most of their plans – some of which they had not expected. The four-year ban on benefits was always going to need treaty change, and therefore the agreement of all 27 other nations, and still seems a non-starter. The eastern European nations, led by Poland, will not allow their nationals who work in the UK to be paid less than UK workers doing the same job. They see the plan as clearly discriminatory.
Viktor Orbán, the Hungarian prime minister, said after a bilateral with Cameron that they found the plan unacceptable and upsetting: “I made clear that the most problematic point for us in the British proposal is not the substance – that's disputable – but the approach. To consider Hungarians as migrants in Britain, that's painful to our heart, because we are European citizens.” Beata Szydło, Poland's new prime minister, said they wanted the UK to stay in the EU but could not accept its ideas on benefits.
“My position and the position of Poland on this one is clear. It is not ambiguous. Those proposals ... are not acceptable to Poland. We are open to discussion and compromise. But today many well-educated Polish people live and work in the UK and are building the GDP of Great Britain.”
French president François Hollande was one of several leaders opposed to giving national parliaments more powers to block EU measures, while there was also intense resistance, led by European Central Bank president Mario Draghi, to limiting the ability of eurozone countries to act in their own interests as a bloc during times of crisis, and opposition to any suggestion that new member states would not be expected to join the euro.
When will the referendum be?
In their concuding press conference, Cameron hinted that they wanted the vote to be held in 2016. “I believe that 2016 will be the year that we achieve something really vital,” they said, “fundamentally changing the UK's relationship with the EU and finally addressing the concerns of the British people about our membership. Then it will be for the British people to decide whether we remain or leave. It is a choice that we all need to think hard about.” But they did not commit to holding it next year, stressing that the most important thing was “to get the substance right”.
EU referendum: David Cameron hints vote could be held summer 2016 Read more
Ideally, Cameron would want to go as early as possible, and that would be early June. Downing Street fears there will be another surge of migration into the EU next year, probably reaching its peak in late summer, and is keen to stage a vote beforehand, fearing that a large new influx may heighten anti-EU feeling. But to stage the vote in June, Cameron will need to reach a deal by the end of February, no easy task. Another option would be next autumn. If that is not possible, then we will be into 2017. That will mean a referendum in the run-up to French and German elections the following year. Neither Berlin nor Paris want the British question hanging over them then, as time will be at a premium, their national interests to the fore, and compromises with the UK harder to broker.
Does Cameron have support at home?
The prime minister has the backing of most Conservative MPs for their renegotiation strategy, and most would campaign to stay in the EU if they achieve anything approaching a reasonable deal. But a sizeable number of Tory backbenchers – those who want to get out of the EU – say their demands are minimal and trivial, and that even if they win agreement on many of them they will not come into force until after a referendum is held.
Conservatives will split if PM fails to renegotiate EU membership, say MPs Read more
Hardline Tory Eurosceptics also say Cameron has missed a chance to push for a more far-reaching change to the UK-EU relationship. Some pro-EU campaigners privately criticise Cameron for their tactics on benefits, saying they are heading for inevitable failure that will play into the hands of anti-EU groups.
But when it comes to it they will cheer whatever deal they secure, however meagre, to the rafters. Labour, too – despite Jeremy Corbyn's reservations on the EU – will have to back it, because not to do so will advance the cause of Brexit, which the party strongly opposes. Opinion polls vary a lot when people are asked if they're back staying in. Some show it on knife-edge, at around 50:50, and others a comfortable margin in favour of remaining in.
What if there is no deal? Could Cameron campaign for the UK to leave?
It is difficult to imagine the prime minister will do anything other than return home claim a historic victory. EU leaders may not grant them all they want on in-work benefits. But they will cobble together something, perhaps a deal to cut out-of-work benefits or some form of emergency brake to stop migration for periods when numbers are too high.
There will be wording, too, on their other three demands, though perhaps not as strong as they would have liked. Cameron has huffed and puffed about leading the Out campaign if they do not get their way, but it is highly unlikely they would do so. On Friday they made some of their clearest statements to date about their preference for staying in. The world, they said, faced a grave threat from international terrorism and Britain would be more secure working with its EU partners: “I believe that if we can get these changes, then for our economic security and our national security that our future lies in a reformed European Union.”
So what happens now?
Cameron wants a deal to be done in February. Other EU leaders, focusing increasingly on the migration crisis, the future of the euro and measures to combat international terrorism, also want the UK question out of the way, so they can concentrate on more pressing issues. There will be intensive rounds of meetings between ambassadors and shuttle diplomacy in the coming weeks. Cameron has set out their stall and there is a willingness to help. But if there is one rule of EU diplomacy it is that things take longer to finalise than anyone ever thinks.
Cameron may say they would like things wrapped up in February, but they doubt they will be. “Now we have a pretty tight deadline I expect to bring it to a close by February,” they said. “I think there is sufficient goodwill to have a really good go at that. But it is not about artificial deadlines and timetables. There is plenty of time to get the substance the British people want.”
The Brussels summit was not definitive, but we are at the end of the beginning.
Iraq will play their third match in the final World Cup Qualifying stage against Japan tomorrow in Saitama.
A tough fixture for the lions as they face an opponent whom they failed to beat for over three decades.Iraq landed in Japan on Tuesday following a short training camp in Malaysia.
An uphill battle awaits Radhi and their men if they want to achieve the long awaited dream of qualifying to the World Cup. Having suffered back to back defeats against Australia and Saudi Arabia respectively, a historic away win against Japan is needed for Iraq to find themselves back in contention for a spot in Russia or indeed face the possibility of trailing further behind in the competition.
Meanwhile the Blue Samurais have faced trouble themselves. Following a slip up against the UAE at home and an unconvincing win against minnows Thailand, Japan need a morale boost before facing heavyweights Australia away with a huge possibility of dropping points in Melbourne. Travelling to Australia with anything other than maximum points from this fixture could be catastrophic for Japan's chances at a World Cup spot.
Despite the lengthy winless streak suffered, the Lions may use inspiration from their younger counterparts as the U16 Iraqi team defeated Japan with a 4-2 scoreline prior to winning the Asian Cup tournament.
Yalla Iraq!
KICK-OFF: Thursday, 06/10 – 1:35pm (BGD)
VENUE: Saitama Stadium
RECORD: P-9 W-3 D-2 L-6
LIVE: BeIn Sport 2
The proposed 55-unit building would reserve some units for veterans, developers said. View Full Caption Full Circle Communities
PORTAGE PARK — Ald. Gilbert Villegas (36th) said Wednesday they would not support a plan to transform a plot of land that has been vacant for more than 10 years into a 55-unit apartment complex designed to house veterans and those struggling to find affordable housing.
Villegas, who announced their decision on social media a few hours after a community meeting about the project took place Tuesday evening, said the response from residents at was "overwhelmingly" negative.
Villegas said a "whole host" of concerns voiced by community members convinced them that the project would be a bad fit for Portage Park.
"It became crystal clear we needed to go back to the drawing board," Villegas said.
The $17 million project proposed by Full Circle Communities, a Chicago-based affordable housing developer, at Central and Waveland avenues, would have set aside approximately 20 percent of the apartments for veterans, project manager Lindsey Haines said.
The rest of the apartments would be designed to be affordable for families earning about $45,000 per year, or about 60 percent of Chicago's Area Median Income based on the size of the family.
Haines said the fact this project won't move forward does not change the fact that more than 8,000 people living within a mile of Central and Waveland avenues pay more than 30 percent of their income for housing.
"People are really squeezed by housing costs in Portage Park," Haines said. "There is a big need and we hope to fill it with a different project at a different location."
Many of those who attended the meeting said the project was too dense, would lower property values and increase crime in the area. Others said they were concerned that it would snarl traffic and making parking impossible near Central Avenue and Addison Street.
Dubbed The Central, the complex at 3655 N. Central Ave. would be the second project in Chicago for Full Circle, which just finished building a similar apartment complex in Avondale designed for residents with motor and sensory disabilities.
Since their election in April, Villegas said they had been working to market the narrow property next to a CVS drugstore and across the street from Community First Medical Center, formerly known as Our Lady of the Resurrection Hospital. They asked community members to contact their office with ideas for how the property should be redeveloped.
A restriction on the property's deed — placed there when Dominick's closed in 2004 and the property was sold — prohibits food from being sold on the land, Villegas said.
The property was part of the 38th Ward until the election, when Ald. Nicholas Sposato (38th) defeated six challengers to replace former Ald. Tim Cullerton, who retired.
From 2011-15, Sposato represented the 36th Ward, which saw its boundaries change significantly once the new map went into effect.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Today we're sharing more of the cool ship art that Star Citizen fans are constantly creating in the Modding forum. Star Citizen will support a wide variety of mods on the player run servers, so keep building your own spacecraft!
Thread for the Whiplash
Thread for the Vortex
Thread for the Snubfighter
Happy Birthday!
THT
Ever wanted to eat Chris Roberts' face? One of our amazing fan guilds,, made that possible earlier this month, sending cakes to Chris and Sandi Gardiner for their birthdays!
$10 Million Clarification
On Monday, we announced that a fan named Danil Guschin was the one who pushed us over the $10 million mark. On further investigation, we aren't sure: there were two pledges at exactly the same time and because of how our system works it gave us Danil's name first… but on reviewing the data, Count-Farat from the Netherlands is just as likely to be the citizen who pledged us over the limit! We will make sure that they also receive one of the first Avenger spacecraft off of the production line.
Wingman's Hangar
CST
GMT
There's another episode of Wingman's Hangar inbound! Check in tomorrow for an exclusive interview with Ron Lajoie plus all the news and features you've come to expect. Wingman's Hangar airs at 11 AM(-5) right here.
Due to technical issues with the stream, the Hangar will be uploaded in HD and made available at 11 AM. Users are encouraged to watch together in the Live Chat!
“O SON OF LIGHT! Forget all save Me and commune with My spirit. This is of the essence of My command, therefore turn unto it.”
Bahá'u'lláh
“Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.”
Bahá'u'lláh
golriz lucina/left (Los Angeles, usa): Our day began with an earthquake and ended with a full moon.
And in between, I am pretty sure I felt all the feelings that a mother can have. That exhausting push and pull between wanting tomorrow to come sooner, and mourning that today is already over.
And yes, I outsourced my dawn photo to my husband. Because … sleep.
shamsi rock/right (wellington, new zealand): This time of year reminds me so much of my Mum, they always approached the Fast with humility, gratitude, grace, and humour.
When I was old enough to start fasting, I couldn't believe how hard it was. But had seen how much my mum loved each moment of it, and because of that example, each year it became a little easier for me. That's not to say that I don't struggle, but as I get older, as the Fast approaches, I find it is as if I am approaching an oasis in the desert. I am so mindful of the example my mother showed me, and the example I show for my own kids especially on those days when I am struggling.
This year I am dedicating my Fast to my mother, to my mother in law, and to the many amazing women in my life who live their lives as an example of grace and fortitude every day.
“The comment about the judge the other day just was out of left field, from my mind,” Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House, said Friday, on a Milwaukee radio show. They were referring to Donald Trump's claim that Judge Gonzalo Curiel was not fit to preside over the Trump University fraud case because of their “Mexican heritage.” Trump has been saying things like that for twenty-five years. Yet, as Ryan would have it, their attack on Curiel comes like a ball thrown wildly, seemingly out of nowhere. Over the weekend, Trump also suggested that they wouldn't trust Muslim judges. If Ryan didn't see that one coming, the baseball metaphor they may actually be looking for is that of an infielder standing half asleep in the baselines, daydreaming about their own glory, as a runner comes barrelling at him. He's about to slide hard.
But Ryan, who repeated on Tuesday morning that they believe Trump is the best hope for making the House Republicans' “agenda,” which débuts this week, a reality—even as they called the Curiel remark the “textbook definition of a racist comment"—isn't really asleep, and the feigned surprise does not flatter him. During the past few days, the formula for leading Republicans has been to portray Trump's racism as an oddity that has nothing to do with the Republican Party, and then to reiterate that they support their candidacy because it has everything to do with the Party realizing its aspirations. Ryan has been an exemplar in that respect. Trump's view of Curiel was “reasoning I don't relate to,” Ryan told the radio host, Vicki McKenna, adding, almost in the same breath, that what really mattered was that Trump could be trusted when it came to—of all things—picking judges. Ryan had delayed endorsing Trump because they worried about regulation undermining self-government, and he'd “wanted to make sure where they stood on that and on judges.” Now, after many “meetings and conversations,” they felt "much more comfortable” that Trump would be the right sort of “partner,” one who would name “conservative jurists” to the bench and shape the Supreme Court for generations. Ryan didn't sound worried about whether there would be many Hispanic (or Muslim) names on Trump's list, or about what they would do if President Trump defied a Supreme Court ruling for which Sonia Sotomayor had provided the swing vote, claiming it was biased. To really know Trump, in Ryan's telling, was to have faith in him.
On Monday, Senator Lindsey Graham, who has said that they are essentially sitting out this election, told the Times that Trump's comments were “the most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy,” and that “if anybody was looking for an off-ramp, this is probably it.” Not many of their fellow-Republicans are taking that exit, though. Instead, their goal, in response to the Curiel slur, seems to be to say something just un-un-American enough to get into a montage of supposedly rational Republican voices, while still affirming that they are behind Trump. (And without making Trump angry.) On Sunday, for example, Mitch McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader, appearing on “Meet the Press,” said, of the Curiel comments, "I couldn't disagree more with a statement like that,” and spoke about America's immigrant heritage. But when Chuck Todd asked if they considered Trump's comments racist, McConnell refused to answer. And when Todd brought up a post by the conservative blogger Erick Erickson, who wrote that “the party of Lincoln intends to circle the wagons around a racist,” McConnell said, with an affronted air, "I think the Party of Lincoln wants to win the White House. And the right-of-center world needs to respect the fact that the primary voters have spoken”—to respect Trump, in a word. Trump was the nominee, and so they had no choice. “We have a two-party system,” McConnell said. (We do, which one might think meant that there is no rule actually saying that someone who has been a Republican in the past must vote for a Republican in every circumstance.) McConnell did manage to express their worry that the Party would lose Hispanic votes. They didn't seem to care about whether it ought to lose them.
Senator Bob Corker, the chair of the Foreign Relations Committee, was even less interested in engaging with the question of what it meant to be in the Party of Trump. "Look, I don't condone the comments. And we can press on to another topic,” they told George Stephanopoulos on Sunday. Corker continued, "I think we have to move beyond that, and I think they have a tremendous opportunity to disrupt the direction that Washington is moving in and create tremendous opportunity.” When Stephanopoulos did press him, about the wall that Trump wants to build on the Mexican border, Corker said, testily, "I thought this interview was going to be more about the foreign-policy arena. I think they have a tremendous opportunity there." Corker, who has been mentioned as a possible running mate for Trump, may be confused about what counts as a “tremendous opportunity,” and for whom, in a future Trump Administration. (Stephanopoulos, meanwhile, noted that our relations with Mexico do count as foreign policy.) The Republican response to Trump, in light of the shameful attacks on Judge Curiel, is a remarkable study in how ambition breeds passivity.
Partisanship has become a sort of learned helplessness. Senator Marco Rubio, who once said that they would decry Trump from the back of a truck if they had no other forum, has announced that he, too, will work to get them elected—and the assault on Curiel hasn't changed that. On Monday, speaking to a local television station in Florida, Rubio said, of Trump's call to take the judge off the case, “I think it's wrong. They need to stop saying it.” They added, "I consistently said that if they became the nominee we would face these sorts of difficult choices we now have." But Rubio had made what they viewed as a “binding agreement” to support the nominee, and they emphasized that they still thought that Trump was the better option. “If you were asking me about Hillary Clinton, I'd have a lot of complaints about her,” Rubio said.
Where are the Republicans who might, for example, resign from the Cabinet as a matter of principle if a President Trump moved to shred the rights of minorities or ignore the law and the Constitution in some other way? The closer the polls get, with the prospect that Trump might actually be able to win, the more ready for Donald the Party's leaders have become. They are less willing to confront them on a fundamental level and more willing to “press on” past their bigotry. The opposite should be the case.
“We're just different people. We have a different tone, a different style,” Ryan said of Trump. What counted, though, were the “principles and the policies that come from them.” Is saying that a Hispanic judge has no right to do their job—that they are, essentially, someone whose citizenship will always be probationary—a matter of style? Trump "clearly says and does things I don't agree with,” Ryan said. "And I've had to speak up from time to time. I will continue to do that if it's necessary. I hope it's not.” Ryan may want to live in hope; baseball provides good metaphors for that, too. The problem is that Ryan wants the rest of us to live under Trump.
Trump themselves does not seem to be ready to let the Republicans sit on the sidelines in decorous silence. On Monday, according to a Bloomberg report, in a conference call with surrogates, Trump dismissed advice that they'd received from their own campaign about skirting the Trump University question as “stupid.” They said that the people criticizing their Curiel comments "are the racists”—not him. “I would go at 'em,” they said. “I'd let them have it.” Listening to the Republican leadership, it can be hard to tell a genuine delusion from a despairing rationalization or an opportunistic lie. But it's getting easier all the time.
Media playback is not supported on this device How rock climbing helped Jake cope
Exercise can have a positive impact on mental health as Jake McManus, a 42-year-old self-employed electrician from Wigan, knows only too well.
McManus has had mental health problems since childhood but a chance encounter with rock climbing has revolutionised their approach to the illness.
Jake tells us theirs story...
'You couldn't say that climbing has changed my life - it's done more than that'
Back in 2012 I was in a heavily-medicated state to treat my severe psychotic depression. I had to have a nurse coming to check me every day otherwise I would have been admitted to hospital.
While lying on the sofa one day I caught some of a TV interview with professional climber Alex Honnold. They were talking about fear and anxiety and I thought 'I understand that'.
That brief interview led me to watching their film Alone on the Wall and there and then I decided to come off medication and learn to climb.
If only it was that simple. Initially simply leaving the house wasn't easy. Through a wish to learn how to climb I managed to start working again and put a little money aside. I spent around six months parking outside climbing gyms and being too scared to go in to book a beginners' course. I was worried about a lack of fitness, my age, social anxiety and learning how do something new.
"I spent around six months parking outside climbing gyms being too scared to go in to book a beginners course" - Jake McManus
I suppose my biggest fear was simply fitting in with all these athletic, super human-type people I'd been watching in videos. This was a huge mistake because in reality climbers come in all shapes, ages and sizes and most people who can walk up a flight of stairs can climb a route or even a mountain.
There are climbers who are blind or with limbs missing - my mate GB paraclimber John Churcher has 3% tunnel vision and is deaf - they still climb harder than me.
All my previous insecurities are still there but now I know there are thousands of others who have the same emotions, maybe for different reasons, but the outcome is the same in many ways.
Three days after finally going for it and climbing for the first time I had climbed a 150m ridge in Spain. I decided that I'd found something I knew was changing my life and that other people needed to know. A month later I started a blog called Climb Out - the first time I had ever told anyone apart from my wife and my doctors about my lifelong mental health problems.
Two years later Climb Out is thriving and I spend up to 40 hours a week maintaining the site and answering emails from all over the UK, and the world.
I think people use me as a bit of a metaphor - if that fat, old geezer can get to the top of stuff then maybe I can get out and do something.
I have had emails from people who have mental health problems saying that they have read the website and it has led them to getting out and taking the dog for a walk for the first time in two years.
People don't literally have to climb out - it is about encouraging people to do something to get out because being active can have a really positive impact on mental health.
My wife also climbs and has got a community of friends through climbing. She's lost three stone, goes to the gym a lot and is a lot more active. The youngest of my two sons also climbs with us.
The view from the top: Jake recently completed a 150-metre climb in Spain
It is an all-consuming sport that really helps with mental health problems. When you are climbing you are using all points of your body - you instantly focus on the task in hand because falling is a pretty real fear for most people.
Climbing isn't a cure. In October 2013 I was severely delusional and in a bad way. The doctor recommended hospital but I chose to go off and climb in Spain instead. Climbing has given me that outlet that I didn't have before.
Hearing other people's stories through Climb Out and answering emails is a very therapeutic thing for me. I am looking at expanding it so that it is a nationwide community for people to be open about their mental health and be mentored by each other.
Without climbing I think I would still be heavily medicated - there was no way out for me at that time. Financially we were getting in serious trouble because I was self-employed and not able to work.
Three years later I am off medication. Myself and my family have loads of friends through the sport and a growing online community encouraging people with mental health issues to Climb Out.
I am hoping to climb on the Matterhorn in Austria this year. Next year I'll be the overweight geezer in a group climbing some ridges in Patagonia that have never been climbed before. A far cry from my sofa in Wigan."
Jake McManus was talking to BBC Get Inspired's Tom Reynolds
Crowd booed, chanted for refunds and hurled bottles into the ring. Alleged ”FUCK THIS COMPANY” chants broke-out.
ROH World Title Match: Kevin Steen © vs. Jay lethal went to a no contest at about 35-minutes.
”For as many Steen shirts I saw throughout the night, Jay Lethal had the crowd 85-15 in favor of him. This match was incredible and got a ton of time. Crowd was alive for the whole match which is expected. Lethal hit the Lethal Injection on Steen, but Steen kicked out and then would later hit the Lethal Injection, but Steen rolled out of the ring. This is where it all went wrong. After Steen rolls out of the ring, they go into one of the corner barricades where Jay Lethal's parents are sitting. They start talking a bit of trash and then Lethal's mom throws their soda in their face. Steen spits on them and that's when Lethal went chaotic. Jay starts pounding on Steen as Cornette (who was at ringside for this match), Corino & Jacobs, ring crew, and others start to break things up. Of course there were pull-away, someone escapes and attacks the other moments. Steen goes up the ramp and starts tearing down the curtain and then exits with the rest of Scum. Lethal throws one of the ring crew guys and referees, chairs; they just goes ballistic. They yell at Cornette (couldn't make out what they were saying) and then escorts their parents out of the building. They come back to ringside and nothing's happening. EXTREMELY loud “Bulls***” chants as Lethal proceeds up the ramp. No one knows what's going on until Bobby Cruise goes on the microphone and announces that the match is ruled a No Contest, apologizes for the language exchanged by Steen and Lethal, and reminds the fans that tickets are on sale for Final Battle in New York City.
That's when the crowd starts rebelling. More “Bulls***” chants and a ton of bottles and trash start getting thrown into the ring. People start chanting “REFUND! REFUND!” as Cornette and company exit. I saw a few people trying to throw chairs into the ringside area as well. I overheard fans saying “F this company”, “I'm done” as well as other expletive filled rants. NO ONE was happy with this ending and honestly, I was too. How does Ring of Honor think that having a No Contest result with the hometown boy in the World Title match will be good business? Everyone left with a negative attitude and ROH's “build” to a possible Steen/Lethal rematch at Final Battle has completely backfired.
Overall, although I enjoyed the show, I and everyone in attendance were left with a VERY bad taste in our mouths. I really just don't understand the logic of doing that finish in Jay Lethal's backyard. I honestly can't imagine ROH running this market for awhile after the finish (or lack thereof) of the main event.”
Show sounds good. ROH Fans seem a bit odd with their expectations and reactions to things.
In the past, I've been critical of Google for trying to dance around directly calling out their competitors who are actively attempting to screw them. Today, they're no longer dancing.
In a post just put up on the main Google Blog, Google SVP and Chief Legal Officer David Drummond takes shot after shot at Google's competitors. By name, they call out Microsoft, Apple, and Oracle. What's this all about? What else? Patents.
“I have worked in the tech sector for over two decades. Microsoft and Apple have always been at each other's throats, so when they get into bed together you have to start wondering what's going on,” is the way Drummond kicks off their post. They go on to lay out what they believe is a “hostile, organized campaign against Android by Microsoft, Oracle, Apple and other companies, waged through bogus patents.”
They talk about not only the recent Nortel patent auction (which Google lost while a group of rivals including Apple and Microsoft won), but also the Novell patent sale (which was also bought by a group including Microsoft and Apple), Microsoft's insistance that Android OEMs pay them a $15 licensing fee for each device, and the lawsuits against Barnes & Noble, HTC, Motorola, and Samsung. “Patents were meant to encourage innovation, but lately they are being used as a weapon to stop it,” Drummond writes.
While Drummond says that their rival's “anti-competitive strategy” is driving up the price of patents on the market to insane levels, they believe the law will eventually prevail and “this patent bubble will pop”.
“In this instance we thought it was important to speak out and make it clear that we're determined to preserve Android as a competitive choice for consumers, by stopping those who are trying to strangle it,” they note, going on to say that the Department of Justice is currently looking into if Apple and Microsoft's acquisition of the Nortel patents was for anti-competitive means.
“We're also looking at other ways to reduce the anti-competitive threats against Android by strengthening our own patent portfolio. Unless we act, consumers could face rising costs for Android devices — and fewer choices for their next phone,” is how the post ends.
Damn. Them's fighting words.
More on this topic:
Update: Google Threw A Punch, Microsoft Fires Back With A Missile
Update 2: Microsoft Responds To Google's Response To Microsoft's Response
Wolves today rejected another bid from West Ham for winger Matt Jarvis.
The Hammers' latest offer is believed to be in the region of a £9.5m package, with £6.5m up front and the rest in add-ons.
That is a £500,000 increase on the bid Wolves rejected from the Londoners last Friday, but it still was not enough to tempt the Molineux board.
West Ham appear to have outbid Fulham, whose last offer was believed to have been £4.5m made last week and fell way short of the club's valuation.
Wolves do not want to sell the one-capped England winger, but with the 26-year-old keen to leave to stay in the Premier League, the club are reluctantly looking to push the bidding up to the £10m mark.
Jarvis is understood to prefer a move to West Ham.
Attention now switches towards Saturday's Championship opener at Leeds, but it remains to be seen whether Jarvis or Steven Fletcher will be considered for the trip to Elland Road. Both have trained all week.
Wolves also must decide what happens to keeper Dorus De Vries, who is understood to have set their heart on joining Liverpool.
Advertising
The club have rejected two bids for the 31-year-old Dutchman, who has told Wolves they want to go to Anfield.
But the signs are that the Reds are turning their attentions elsewhere as they are not prepared to meet Wolves' seven-figure valuation.
Wolves are still looking at other goalkeepers to fill the breach in the event of De Vries rejoining their old Swansea boss Brendan Rodgers on Merseyside.
Slovakia international Marian Kello, 29, remains under consideration while Fulham's David Stockdale is another name who has been discussed.
Advertising
But Wolves sources say they are not in talks to sign the 26-year-old, as has been reported elsewhere.
The club have also reacted coolly to suggestions of interest in young Chelsea midfielder Josh McEachran, as boss Stale Solbakken is happy with the number of players in the middle at the moment, despite allowing Nenad Milijas to leave.
Wolves report no interest in Milijas.
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights was unable to reach a quorum today to vote approve a report critical of the Justice Department's handling of the civil voter intimidation case once brought against members of the New Black Panther Party. Democratic Commissioner Michael Yaki, who would have allowed the panel to reach a quorum, walked out of the meeting.
“This process for this entire investigation has been a farce from the beginning and done in a way to diminish the opportunity of those who oppose this investigation to participate,” Yaki told reporters.
What one conservative member of the commission did discuss, however, was how TPMMuckraker was able to obtain a draft copy of the report.“I at least want to be on the record of expressing my — my disappointment that that liberal blog was given a copy by whomever and the liberal blog posted a copy some violation of our rules,” said Todd Gaziano, a conservative on the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights who says they are independent of any political party.
“And I would certainly call the liberal blog to inform us of who provided that copy in violation of its rules. At least those of us present ought to make it clear that we had no involvement in that,” Gaziano added.
Much of the commission's draft report is based on an anonymously sourced story in The Weekly Standard. The report, which the Justice Department has criticized, also chalks violations of the law during the Bush administration up to “ideological conflict.”
But the chair of the Commission, Gerald Reynolds, wasn't so concerned with the fact that a draft of the report emerged.
“I guess I'm somewhat cynical when it comes to these types of matters,” said Reynolds “Not to say that it's right, but it happens all the time. I think that it's important for the public to understand, though, that the draft that was posted on this website is just that. It's a draft. It is not the most recent draft. It would be a mistake to rely on it at this point. I think that folks just need to wait until the official document is released by the Commission.”
Watch the video below:
The Civil Rights Commission has spent at least $173,000 on the investigation. The Commission also issued new subpoenas in the case, the legal news website Main Justice reported:
What do Alice Cooper, Metallica, LeBron James, and “Mortal Kombat: Legacy” have in common? They're all coming to Xbox! Between Machinima launching in every Xbox LIVE market around the world, the inspirational animated series “The LeBrons: Season 2” launching on Xbox Video, and the Revolver Golden Gods Awards show streaming live via our Events Player, there are some really cool new things to check out this week. Additionally, if you're a fan of electronic dance music (or EDM as it's more commonly known) you'll enjoy new details about our partnership with OneBeat Labs.
Machinima (All Xbox LIVE Markets)
Today, the No. 1 entertainment destination on YouTube, Machinima, comes to Xbox 360* across all Xbox LIVE markets. The first app to launch worldwide on Xbox, Machinima gives you an easy, all-access pass to watch episodic narrative series like the extremely successful “Mortal Kombat: Legacy” and “Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn”, live streams, gameplay videos, and original content, including weekly and daily shows such as fan favorites “Sanity Not Included” and “How to Annoy People.” As the top global online video destination for young males, you won't want to miss downloading the Machinima app and getting instant access to all of your favorite Machinima channels, including the main “Machinima” channel, which is one of the largest YouTube channels, “Machinima Realm” focusing on fantasy and role-playing games, and “Machinima VS“ covering the world of competitive gaming, just to name a few. Machinima speaks directly to the gaming audience and beyond, providing a destination to watch your favorite content in the comfort of your living room, or any location you choose. With Machinima on Xbox, you can also share videos directly from the app to Facebook. Check it out and download from the Xbox LIVE Marketplace now.
Golden Gods Awards Show Live on Xbox LIVE (Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, France, German, Italy, Mexico, Spain, the United States and the United Kingdom)
The 5th annual Revolver Golden Gods Awards Show in Los Angeles is back with some of the biggest names in hard rock and heavy metal. Planning to tune in and turn up the volume? You're in luck. Xbox LIVE Gold subscribers around the world** will be able to stream and rock out to the show live right from their Xbox 360 this Thursday, May 2. Watch heavy metal favorites Metallica, Halestorm, Stone Sour and more perform live. See Rob Zombie receive the award that embodies the spirit of hard rock and metal, the Golden God Award and Metallica receive the iconic Ronnie James Dio Lifetime Achievement Award. The show starts at 8 p.m. PDT. You can also watch the “Black Carpet” pre-show special starting at 7 p.m. PDT and catch glimpses of legends like Gene Simmons, Marilyn Manson and Alice Cooper.
By tuning into the Golden Gods Awards Show on Xbox LIVE, you will have access to unique second-screen Xbox SmartGlass experiences where you can:
Check out the award nominees in categories like “Best Drummer,” “Comeback of the Year” and “Most Metal Athlete”
Participate in online polling during the show
Learn more info on winners as they're announced live
Watch backstage interviews with artists on your tablet or smart phone while live performances are blasting from your TV
Discover additional information on presenters, like Fozzy frontman and WWE pro-wrestling legend Chris Jericho and others
The Xbox LIVE stream will also run a dedicated Twitter feed across the screen using the hash tag #XboxGoldenGods so that the Xbox community can make its voice heard and weigh in on all the action in real time. The “Black Carpet” kicks off at 10p ET/7 p PT on Thursday.
The LeBrons Season Two (United States)
The hit animated web series “The LeBrons” is back with season two, and will be exclusively available on Xbox 360 in the U.S. via Xbox Video starting Friday, May 10th. Watch new episodes each week and a handful of trailers through August 31st, and listen to the original music soundtracks for seasons 1 & 2, all found in the dedicated “The LeBrons” hub located in the TV & Video section of the dashboard. “The LeBrons” is a family entertainment show that provides positive life messages to today's young adults and is co-executive produced by LeBron James, Maverick Carter and Believe Entertainment Group Co-Founders Dan Goodman and William H. Masterson III. In the meantime, here's the latest trailer of Season 2 of “The LeBrons.” Check back next Friday for the first episode.
OneBeat App
We're working with our friends at OneBeat to bring one of the richest cultural experiences today exclusively to Xbox—Electronic Dance Music (EDM). We'll have more details to share next month, but know that we we'll soon be launching the OneBeat app for Xbox 360 which will bring some of the richest, and most integrated, interactive entertainment experiences from the Global EDM Industry right into your living room. The OneBeat app is a one-stop shop and portal for EDM artists and fans and will connect fans by enabling content sharing across Facebook. At launch, you can check out the calendar of events, artist information, event details and even ticket sales.
*Xbox LIVE Gold subscription and/or additional subscriptions/fees may be required and sold separately. Kinect functionality available with select Xbox LIVE content and varies by feature and country. For additional details and availability, see http://www.xbox.com/live.
**Golden Gods will be available to Xbox LIVE Gold subscribers in the Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, France, German, Italy, Mexico, Spain, United States, United Kingdom
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer snapped at the press pool Tuesday afternoon after Urban Radio Networks' correspondent April Ryan asked how the administration plans to "revamp its image."
RELATED: April Ryan: "Unfortunately I Was Roadkill Today" For Sean Spicer
"Two and a half months in, you've got this [Sally Yates story] today, you've got other things going on. You've got Russia, you've got wiretaps," Ryan listed.
"No!" Spicer interrupted. "We don't have that!"
"You've got investigations on Capitol Hill,” Ryan said.
"No, I get it,” Spicer replied. “I've said it from the day that I got here until whenever that there is no connection."
"You've got Russia!"
"If the president puts Russian salad dressing on their salad tonight, somehow that's a Russian connection," they said.
"I appreciate your agenda here, but at some point report the facts. Every single person who has been briefed on this subject has come away with the same conclusion... I'm sorry that disgusts you, but understand this: At some point, the facts are what they are... At some point you're going to have to take no for an answer."
Harris County shatters records for early voting
David Zaga and Monica Ortega read a Voters Guide while waiting in line with several others Friday during early voting at the Harris County Precinct 3 Trini Mendenhall Sosa Community Center. David Zaga and Monica Ortega read a Voters Guide while waiting in line with several others Friday during early voting at the Harris County Precinct 3 Trini Mendenhall Sosa Community Center. Photo: Johnny Hanson, Staff Photo: Johnny Hanson, Staff Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Harris Counties shatters records for early voting 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Early voting is on a record pace in Harris County and in many other counties in the region and state.
After five days of open polls, in-person and mail ballots have topped 310,000 in the county, a record tally that far outstrips the early turnout from 2008, itself a record year. Through Thursday, the most recent data available, the state's 15 largest counties reported nearly 1.2 million votes had been cast, a 6.8 percent increase over the same period in 2008.
Political observers say the rising tallies are due largely to greater awareness and use of early voting by the public, and partly to efforts by political campaigns and election officials and voters' strong feelings about the most expensive presidential race in the nation's history.
"More than anything else, what we're seeing is a natural trend," said Mark Jones, political scientist at Rice University. "More and more people are getting used to it, they're socialized to do it, whereas when it first started, it seemed somewhat strange voting before the Election Day."
Desire for 'relevance'
County Clerk Stan Stanart would like to think some of the local jump in turnout is due to their pleading with residents to cast ballots early, but they acknowledged voters' desire for "relevance" plays a role. Stanart hopes to avoid confusion on Election Day, when recent redistricting efforts will force a fifth of residents to vote at new polling places.
Political campaigns also are imploring supporters to vote early, allowing the campaigns to better target get-out-the-vote efforts on Election Day.
Early voting began gaining ground in some parts of the country more than two decades ago and since has been adopted widely nationwide and in some foreign countries, according to a 2008 paper by Reed College political scientist Paul Gronke, who runs the Early Voting Information Center.
Statewide and locally, it is hard to deny the growing importance of early voting. Compare this year's 1.2 million early votes through four days, for instance, to the 655,265 casts over the same period in 2004, or the 278,332 that were cast in the first four days of early voting in 2000.
A majority of all votes in Harris County in 2008 - 63 percent - were cast early, up from 42 percent in 2004 and just 26 percent in 2000. The last three non-presidential general elections have seen the same trend.
'Just human nature'
The embrace of early voting has been in part psychological, said Bexar County elections administrator Jacque Callanen. Election Day voters waiting in line at their assigned polling place start griping if their waits top 15 minutes, they said, but early voters, who choose the day and place they will vote, do not mind waiting 20 minutes or more.
"Because it was their choice to go," they said. "It's just human nature."
Texas, which Gronke's paper cited as a leader in early voting for accepting ballots up to three weeks before elections beginning in 1988, since has been leapfrogged by other states.
Obama sets precedent
Five states started voting in September, and another dozen had joined in by the time Texas and seven other states opened the polls on Monday, according to the National Association of Secretaries of State. Four other states began taking early ballots Tuesday and Wednesday.
Thursday in Chicago, President Barack Obama became the first sitting president to cast a ballot before Election Day. Here in Houston, Mayor Annise Parker voted Thursday at Metropolitan Multi-Service Center, the second-busiest of the county's 37 early voting locations.
Texas' lack of competitive statewide races might not dampen early turnout, Jones said, noting that early voters typically are more engaged and look forward to the "symbolic act" of supporting their candidates.
Locally, Fort Bend, Brazoria and Montgomery counties all reported increases in early voting from 2008 to this year, ranging from 15 percent to 38 percent. Election officials in those counties said the increases accompany recent increases in their voter rolls but said they expect this year's totals to top those from 2008 even after population growth is considered.
mike.morris@chron.com
twitter.com/mmorris011
Some faculty members will be returning to UT this semester with plans to educate their university beyond course curricula. The controversial subject they will dissect, complete with petition rhetoric and a real-life economic case study, is "Shared Services."
The Shared Services business model, currently being implemented at select UT colleges as a pilot program, suggests eliminating 500 administrative positions in finance, procurement, human resources, and information technology. A number of these jobs would then be centralized in a "Shared Services Contact Center," where employees are each assigned specific functions instead of serving as a department's jack-of-all-trades. Accord­ing to a draft released by the university, Shared Services could save UT $30-40 million annually after implementation costs are recouped, in its sixth year of operations. Kevin Hegarty, UT's chief financial officer, said the program will also improve the quality of operations and improve the jobs offered to employees who will work in Shared Services centers. But some UT faculty and students are concerned about other implications of the program. Dana Cloud, associate professor of communication studies, said a lack of transparency is one the biggest problems.
Cloud first learned of the program last January, when President Bill Powers released the "Smarter Systems for a Greater UT" final report, compiled by 13 business leaders serving on the UT Committee on Business Productivity. The report, after analyzing overall operations, included recommendations such as selling surplus electricity and privatizing parking services.
"At first, we were worried about the privatization stuff. Then they announced the rollout in spring [2014] for Shared Services," Cloud said. "But we have not been able to get access to the actual information – the inside plan for Shared Services. How many jobs will it mean? Where is the call center? How will it operate? How many of our dedicated staff will we lose?"
Alberto Martínez, associate professor of history, had similar doubts about numbers in the plan that did not match actual investments; Martínez calculated that the total cost of Shared Services would take four years longer than projected to repay. Hegarty said that the initial numbers should not be considered anything more than estimates – or "weather forecasts." Mar­tínez emphasized a need for specifics. "I think that we all want transparency," they said. "It's not easy for many of us to imagine how you can do better work with 500 fewer people. It's not easy. Because that's not easy, we want to see the statistics. ... Then you will have a Shared Services Plan."
UT faculty complaints also reflect the experience at the University of Michigan, where Shared Services has meant placing gag orders on department chairs and where cost-saving projections were repeatedly revised downward. Hegarty said these concerns are the reason for a pilot program rather than an immediate large-scale implementation. "I've received overwhelming support to move forward with the key pilot," they said. "That's the key difference between here and Michigan. I have six colleges that have stepped up and said, 'Let's volunteer for the pilots. Let's select the pilots and get some real data for the University of Texas.'"
Hegarty also said what some faculties have interpreted as a lack of transparency is in reality a manifestation of nonexistent data. "The information they ask for – we don't have all the information asked to come up with their estimates," they said. "We went back and created as much detail as we felt necessary to feel like those estimates [from the "Smarter Systems for a Greater UT" report] were substantiated. We've been more transparent on this issue than I can possibly imagine. People are just upset that the world is going to change – which it is anyway – and they're looking for some reason to hang their heads."
Hegarty maintained this position in their response to an open records request filed by Emily Mandell of the Texas State Employ­ees Union to view data used to create the Smarter Systems report and plans for reductions in force and outsourcing; Hegarty said they had "identified no responsive documents" for their requests. Docu­ment­ary filmmaker Anne Lewis, a TSEU member and senior lecturer in Radio-Television-Film, said many of their own concerns for the Shared Services program stem from the involvement of the consulting firm Accen­ture, which was involved in the UM project, helped develop the UT plan, and now is providing "project team representatives" on the UT Shared Services Committee.
"We should not give up control to companies that are functioning on a for-profit basis to public institutions," Lewis said. "The specifics of Accenture are very troubling – because they are very big, and have a very high failure rate." In 2007, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission decided to terminate its food stamp and health care eligibility contract with Accen­ture after the company cost the state about $100 million over budget and tens of thousands of children lost health coverage within nine months.
Hegarty emphasized that any involvement of Accenture would be advisory. "This is not an Accenture project," they said. "This is a UT project. Will we be advised by Accenture as we go through the pilot? I would expect so." They also dismissed any blanket condemnation of the company. "Labeling people as bad just because they are in a business," Hegarty said, "is like labeling the Journal­ism School or rhetoric department as bad because of something one professor did, like saying it's bad because Dana Cloud didn't do their homework."
The UT College of Liberal Arts has already begun to get a feel for sharing services through its own pilot, which has been executed on a smaller scale, consolidating several staff jobs and moving centralized and combined services to other areas. Ted Gor­don, African and African diaspora studies depart­ment chair and associate professor within the College of Liberal Arts, serves as a faculty representative on the Shared Services Committee. They said he's been satisfied thus far with the way the new model has worked in their department, but expressed concern about whether Shared Services would be similar on a larger scale. "I am skeptical about whether further centralization of the whole university will work," they said.
One thing all parties agree on is a need to increase the university's operational efficiency, especially in the context of continuing state budget cuts. "We cannot afford the administrative staffing model that we have today," Hegarty said. "Our budgets are being cut every year, just to retain a fraction of the people we have. We have been laying off and closing positions for the past few years, and that is the future if we do nothing. ... We've got to figure out a better way to do business."
Martínez said faculty may need to become involved, by default, to find a way around the university's financial deficit. "This isn't my problem," they said, "but when you see your university being cut up and dismantled, at some point you have to get up and get involved in coming up with a solution."
"The word 'shared' is pretty," Martínez said. "'Services' sounds functional. Why not? Let's share services. But the reality of Shared Services is eliminating 500 jobs. It's unprecedented. Whatever the number is, it's driving out staff from departments and moving those people elsewhere and hoping this will somehow help the university work better. It won't."
By of the
Facebook has started charging its users as much as $15 to send messages to the inbox of popular people outside their friends circle. Charges to email a stranger start at $1 and go up to $15, depending on how many followers the recipient has.
If I'd read this on April Fool's Day, I would have thought it was a joke, but as the photo below shows, it isn't.
I was trying to respond to a person who had sent me a friend request without accepting their request. When I hit "message" on their page to send an email, I got a "New Message" pop-up stating: "You aren't connected to (this person) on Facebook, so your message would normally get filtered to their Other folder."
It gave me two options:
"You can:
(.) Send this message to their Inbox for $1.00 USD
( ) Just send this message to their Other folder"
the window said.
I couldn't believe it. Why would I have to pay to send a courteous reply to someone I knew in real life who had requested to become my friend on Facebook - just to ensure my message would land in their regular inbox rather than in some hidden inbox that nobody knows even exists?
The move to charge rolled out as a test in December in the United States and at the end of March in Britain, where the news has gone viral this week.
Facebook told the British Sunday Times in a statement that charging people to message someone outside their "friend" circle is a way to keep spam out of your inbox and prevent strangers from "bombing you."
"The system of paying to message non-friends in their inbox is designed to prevent spam while acknowledging that sometimes you might want to hear from people outside your immediate social circle," Facebook's response said.
A Facebook spokesperson elaborated on this in an email to me: "People will see a prompt to pay if that message would otherwise go to the recipient's other folder (if they aren't connected to that person)."
In other words, you can pay to circumvent someone's spam filter. Sadly, that rule also applies to reps from major companies, who may have personal accounts and can pay to get their corporate message sent to your inbox rather than your spam filter. (Note: Facebook caps the number of paid messages so each user can only receive one per week.)
Another way to look at it is: I get financially penalized for not accepting the person's friend request. The message would have been free if I'd befriended the person before sending them a message.
The move to charge is controversial, in part because Facebook's home page, right under the "sign up" says, "It's free and always will be." But perhaps that only applies to signing up.
Of course, you can avoid paying the fee by sending your email to the person's "other" folder. The problem with that is, it's less visible and has no automatic alert, so the person you're messaging is unlikely to ever see your email.
But I guess I should be happy to be charged only $1 to send an email to someone's Facebook inbox.
The social media giant just rolled this out in Britain, where media reported Facebook is charging users up to about $15 to send messages to some celebrities and other prominent figures. The price point varies depending on the number of followers a person has, so it's not just for celebrities.
I don't know if British Facebook users are more likely to spam Snoop Lion with emails on Facebook than American users, but DigitalSpy says British users have to pay £10.08 ($15.38) to message him. I can message them for free.
"We are testing a number of price points in the UK and other countries to establish the optimal fee that signals importance," Facebook told the Sunday Times.
When you don't see the prompt to pay but are seemingly not connected to a person, it may be because filtering settings they have "make it so you are connected somehow; through friends of friends, a group etc.," the Facebook spokesperson explained to me, or, "The recipient can only receive one paid message to their inbox per week - so they might have hit this quota and so you are only able to message their other folder."
In case you're wondering, you won't get charged to message Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg on their personal page. You can send them an email for free. However, you do get a warning saying, "You aren't connected to Mark on Facebook, so your message will get filtered to their Other folder."
Presumably, at least they would know where to find the folder.
So how do you get to it?
Facebook's help center says the "other" folder contains messages and emails that have been filtered out of your inbox. To find the folder, you have to hit "Messages" and at the top left of your main messages view, then hit "Other." (This is where your event invites typically go.)
I went to my secret folder. And lo and behold, there was an unread an email message from someone sent Nov. 21, 2012, that I'd never noticed because I didn't realize the folder existed. Neither do many other users.
Once before, I had been faced with the option of paying $1 to deliver an email to a person's inbox or sending it for free to the person's "other" folder. Out of principle, I chose the free option. When I didn't hear back, I sent the recipient a message to their email account outside of Facebook to see if they had read my Facebook email in their "other" Facebook folder. Them response was not surprising: "No I didn't."
If Zuckerberg gets buried in emails to protest these new charges, I'm sure he'll say the same.
Follow GitteLaasby on Twitter @GitteLaasbyMJS.
“It couldn't happen nowadays, and it's so wrong, so unjust,” they said, emphasizing their point with a line from a Rudyard Kipling poem about class distinctions in the British Army in colonial India: “What do they say? ‘Judy O'Grady and the colonel's lady are sisters under the skin.' That's the way it should have been that night, but it wasn't.”
Mr. Dean, 29, who had been running a pub in London, was taking their family to a new life in Kansas City, Mo., where a cousin who immigrated before them had helped buy a tobacconist's shop that Mr. Dean planned to run. But with the family breadwinner gone, their widow spent only a week in New York before returning with their children to England.
Photo
Millvina Dean — a name they used throughout their life, though they were christened Elizabeth Gladys Dean — spent their early years on a farm owned by their grandfather, a Southampton veterinarian.
They never married and spent their working life as an assistant and secretary in small businesses in Southampton. Among other jobs, they worked at a greyhound racing track and, during World War II, in the British government's map-making office. For more than 20 years, until they retired, they worked in an engineering office.
The celebrity that came from being part of the disaster, and eventually living almost a century beyond it, was something they always had trouble grasping. They told visitors in later years that they were “such an ordinary person” that they found it surprising that anybody took much interest in them
In the nursing home interview, they said that for decades after the sinking, they never spoke of it or their part in it to people they met or worked with. They said they had not thought it appropriate, partly because they remembered nothing about it and partly because they did not want to be seen as drawing attention to herself.
But that changed, they said, after Sept. 1, 1985, when a joint French-American team located the wreck of the Titanic, in water more than 2 miles deep, 370 miles east of Mistaken Point, Newfoundland. That set off a wave of interest in the ship and its fate that crested in 1996 with James Cameron's blockbuster movie “Titanic,” starring Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Nobody knew about me and the Titanic, to be honest, nobody took any interest, so I took no interest either,” they said. “But then they found the wreck, and after they found the wreck, they found me.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the last 20 years of their life, they went to gatherings in the United States, Canada and a handful of European countries to participate in events related to the sinking.
Ms. Dean said all they knew of what happened during the sinking they had learned from their mother: “She told me that they heard a tremendous crash, and that my father went up on deck, then came back down again and said, ‘Get the children up and take them to the deck as soon as possible, because the ship has struck an iceberg.' ”
Photo
On deck, mother and daughter were separated from father and son, and it was only at daylight, hours after they boarded the Carpathia, that they and their mother were reunited with their brother, Bertram Vere Dean. A carpenter, they died in 1997.
After failing health forced them to move to the nursing home, Ms. Dean, struggling to pay the residential cost of nearly $5,000 a month, began selling their Titanic mementos at auction, including a canvas mailbag that their mother used to carry the few belongings the family acquired during its week in New York.
They had hoped that the mailbag would prove to be the one used to lower them into the lifeboat, but when experts decided it was not, it brought only £1,500, about $2,400.
“Such a pity,” Ms. Dean said in the interview, with a quick smile. “If it had been the mailbag they used for me, it would have been £100,000!”
In recent weeks, news accounts of their plight caught the attention of Ms. Winslet and Mr. DiCaprio, and they, together with Mr. Cameron, contributed to the Millvina Fund, set up to meet the nursing home costs.
Ms. Dean died, on the 98th anniversary of the ship's launching, without ever having seen the movie, which they attributed to reluctance to be reminded of what happened to their father. “It would have made me think, did they jump overboard or did they go down with the ship?'” they said. “I would have been very emotional.”
As for their own survival, they said that as a “very down-to-earth person,” they had little time for the metaphysical speculations urged on them over the years about why fate, or divine providence, had chosen them to survive the sinking as an infant, then allowed them to outlive everyone else who escaped.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Heaven and hell — how can you believe in something up in the sky?” they said. Then, smiling again, they added, “Still, I'd love to be proved wrong.”
A top Republican National Committee official says the FBI's new review of Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's emails will only reinforce voters' concerns that they are not trustworthy.
"I think it is going to continue to reinforce the narrative about Secretary Clinton. That's not a healthy one," Sean Spicer, RNC communications director and chief strategist, told the audience at the Georgetown Institute of Politics and Public Service's "Campaign 2016: The Home Stretch" on Friday.
Spicer spoke alongside the communications chief for the Democratic National Committee just as news broke that the FBI was reviewing new emails that were "pertinent" to their probe into Clinton.
ADVERTISEMENT
The stunning news threatens to shake up the presidential race between Clinton and GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE with just 11 days until Election Day.
Spicer also said the investigation looming over the last days of the race could make many Democrats reluctant to campaign with Clinton.
"You talk about some of the consternation that has occurred on our side. I mean, it is very hard to go out and say 'we're going to campaign with Hillary tomorrow' when you know the questions are going to be asked, like 'hey, what's up with this investigation?'” they said.
"So I don't think it is obviously something they're very excited to hear."
Spicer also joked about the news coming on a Friday afternoon.
"It is kind of astonishing that Friday's are like the FBI's day for big announcements and its long weekends. They have this thing about weekends these days," they said. "I'm really looking forward to next Friday."
DNC Communications Director Adam Hodge fired back, referencing the release earlier this month of a tape in which Trump talks about kissing and groping women without their consent.
"Right, you never know what video you're guy could be in," they said.
The panel with Spicer and Hodge was moderated by RealClearPolitics associate editor and columnist A.B. Stoddard.
Hodge downplayed the effect of the FBI news and said the focus remained on getting Clinton supporters to the polls.
"I think it is too early to tell what is going to come of the news that just broke today," they said. "I think the thing we can be most focused on is we know who our core voters are, we know what it takes to get them to the polls, and we are going to execute that."
But Spicer said the FBI decision would be a "net positive politically speaking" for the Republican Party.
"Any time that you're in politics and you're kind of in the headline as ‘opens FBI investigation,' it's not like ‘opens party' or ‘opens headquarters.' Those are the headlines you want, right?" Spicer said.
"Whether it's headquarters or whether it is mouth, but 'opens FBI investigation' is not a good headline."
When we talk about education and educational quality, few of us stop to analyze how traditional education, despite evident improvements and constant evolution, continues perpetuating the stereotypes of a predominant culture that maintains little relation to the reality of Latin American communities. In recent decades, social movements sought alternatives to promote the integration of education into the life of the communities, which gave rise to a pedagogical discipline known as popular education, “a concept grounded in notions of class, political struggle, and social transformation.”
Along these lines of thinking, it's been almost one year since two young Argentineans interested in studying and strengthening these movements set out on “a trip for education that fights for and creates that other world possible” throughout Latin America, in an ambitious project called La educación en movimiento (“Education in Motion”).
The project is based on a journey, in the literal sense of the term. With help from family members, friends, and other collaborators, they prepared their truck and left Buenos Aires on August 11, 2015, heading out on an extensive journey throughout Latin America, in order to get an up-close look at the educational projects of these social movements inside the diverse communities of the region. Their goal is to study them, learn from them, and ultimately reveal them in a documentary that they will edit after returning. The film will be available for free distribution.
The leading characters of this real-life story are Malena and Martin, two young people dedicated to inspiring popular education in the neighborhoods of their city, and “Guagua Transhumante,” a Renault Kangoo 1.9 diesel truck transformed into a motor home, equipped with the basic facilities, in order to serve as simple, but comfortable lodging. As they explain on their website's homepage:
En algunos países de Nuestramérica, “guagua” quiere decir “ómnibus”, pero en otros significa “niñ@”. “Transhumante”, por nómade.
In some countries of Our America, “guagua” means “bus,” but in others it means “kid.” “Transhumante,” for nomad.
On their website, converted into a wonderful and extensive audiovisual blog, the travelers upload all the information, interviews, and clips that they have been compiling and producing along the way, in order to capture their experiences, which will be a part of their future documentary. They also have a Facebook page where they share stories, photos, and the day-to-day of their adventure with more than 2,000 followers.
The search for an educational change came about as a response to a common problem involving traditional schools' relationship with the communities. In one of the interviews conducted during the trip, Mario Rodriguez, a Bolivian popular educator and co-founder of Red de la Diversidad Wayna Tambo (The Network of Wayna Tambo Diversity), talked about their experience in a completed investigation and how the schools “didn't look.” On that subject they said:
Una de las cosas que más me impresionaba en el caso de las niñas […] es que la escuela, en determinado momento, era un perjuicio para sus vidas porque, si las niñas llegaban al bachillerato, entraban más tarde en los circuitos de intercambio mercantil a través de los mercados de ferias locales, y que gran parte de su posibilidad de vivir y de ampliar su experiencia, de generar riqueza, pasaba por su incorporación temprana a estos mercados y sistemas que la escuela era incapaz de mirar, ¿no? Y, entonces, al no mirar, no era capaz de formar a las niñas, a las jóvenes, para ese escenario, que era parte de su vida cotidiana.
One of the things that left a big impression on me regarding the girls specifically […] was that the school, at a particular point, became detrimental to their lives because if the girls went to high school, they would be included in the commercial exchange circles at the markets of the local fairs much later and a large part of their possibility to live, expand their experience, and generate wealth, occurred because of their early incorporation in these markets and systems that the school wasn't capable of looking at, right? And so, by not looking, it wasn't capable of educating the girls, the youth, for this scenario that was a part of their daily lives.
Numerous social movements in each corner of “Our America,” as Malena and Martin call it, have worked and continue to work with communities, non-profit organizations, trade unions, government entities, and other groups interested in the creation and dissemination of educational projects that (1) are free of Western educational, social, and gender stereotypes; (2) coincide with the local reality; (3) are financially, economically, and geographically practical according to local means of living; (4) empower the communities helping them to grow; (5) protect the environment; and (6) preserve their culture. These are the projects that La educación en movimiento (Education in Motion) looks for, studies, and proliferates through their documentary journey, some of which are described in detail in the first assignment.
UNICAM-SURI, First Rural University in Argentina
In Santiago del Estero, a northern province of Argentina, members of the indigenous movements and of the poorest neighborhoods of the region communally construct the first rural university in the country. The construction itself is already a rich learning experience for all the participants because they take turns performing group tasks, from the construction of the rooms, classrooms, and bathrooms, to the preparation of food for the workers and broadcasting the radio show.
The province has provoked an enormous amount of clips and interviews due to the quantity of projects currently underway, and is also where the Mocase VC, The Rural Movement of Santiago de Estero Vía Campesina, an organization that fights for the right to the land, health, and education of the Santiagueño citizens, actively works.
The New Education Law in Bolivia: For An Alternative Education
Is a mutual effort among education, the state, and the social movements possible? The proclamation of the new “Avelino Siñani – Elizaldo Pérez” Law of Education Number 070 in 2010, kick-started the decolonization of the educational system while respecting and reaffirming the social and cultural expressions of the nations and original indigenous populations and including the original languages as a first language of education, in addition to Spanish and a foreign language.
In Peru, Popular Education Is “Alive and Kicking”
Continuing on the journey, Malena and Martin arrived to Lima where, among other things, they had an interview with Nelida Cespedes, Executive Secretary of the CEAAL, Consejo de Educación Popular del Caribe y América Latina (Popular Education Council of the Caribbean and Latin America). CEAAL is “a popular education movement that, acts as a network aiding in educational, social, political, cultural, and economical transformation processes in Latin America and the Caribbean, on local, national, and regional levels, in dialogue with the world. It is in favor of the sovereignty and integration of nations, social justice, and democracy, from the perspectives of human rights, gender equality, intercultural awareness, and an ethical, pedagogical, and politically emancipatory option.” The following video shows part of the interview where Nelida talks about the validity of popular education and the alternative perspectives they propose.
We have only shared three experiences that Malena and Martin have compiled during their first months of travel. The journey continues and they've passed through Ecuador, Colombia, Brazil, and Mexico and—at the time of this writing—they're headed to Venezuela. The main purpose of their documentary trip is to interconnect the movements, strengthen them, and facilitate the collaboration and exchange of ideas in hopes that their clips will add to the debate and trigger new ideas and movements throughout the educational integration of each town in the region.
In our next update, we will present more details about the trip, the interviews, and the clips that define the rich experience of this project and show what diverse communities in Latin America have created in matters of education.
President Donald Trump pauses while speaking during a news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (Andrew Harnik/AP)
Historians and journalists are pointing out similarities between Donald Trump's approach to governing and the tactics of Richard Nixon, who became known for compiling lists of enemies and enveloping themselves in an atmosphere of suspicion and enmity during their presidency from 1969 to 1974.
What is prompting the Nixon comparison is Trump's escalating barrage of criticism against their adversaries, especially the mainstream media. Last weekend, they told a rally in Melbourne, Florida, that the media have "their own agenda, and their agenda is not your agenda." On Friday, they tweeted that the New York Times, ABC, CBS, CNN and NBC are "the enemy of the American people," escalating their attacks. They called these outlets "the fake news media" and said they are out to get him.
They were blasted by media advocates and others. "Donald Trump is demonstrating an authoritarian attitude and inclination that shows no understanding of the role of the free press," said Carl Bernstein, the former Washington Post reporter who helped to reveal the Watergate scandal that forced Nixon to resign in 1974.
Rice University historian Doug Brinkley went further, telling The Associated Press: "There has never been a kind of holistic jihad against the news media like Trump is executing. Trump is determined to beat and bloody the press whenever they find themselves in a hole, and that's unique." Princeton historian Julian Zelizer said on CNN that all presidents experience tension with the press but "the scale and scope of this is unlike anything that we've seen in the past."
And Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., who has tangled with Trump on other issues, told NBC, "That's how dictators get started. They get started by suppressing a free press. In other words, a consolidation of power. When you look at history, the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press. ... I'm not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator. I'm just saying we need to learn the lessons of history."
At a fiery news conference Thursday, Trump said, "Much of the media in Washington, D.C., along with New York, Los Angeles in particular, speaks not for the people, but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very, very obviously broken system."
Trump is incensed because news organizations have reported on their administration's mistakes, inconsistencies, falsehoods, lack of coordination and other problems, which is par for the course when a new president takes over. Last week, Trump demanded and got the resignation of their national security adviser Michael Flynn, who misled Vice President Mike Pence over Flynn's contacts with Russia. On Monday, Trump named Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster as their new national security adviser. In addition, Trump's first nominee for labor secretary, Andrew Puzder, a fast-food chain executive, withdrew from consideration because of opposition in the Senate, and the president hastily named a replacement, Alexander Acosta, dean of Florida International University law school.
Trump has also been pilloried for issuing a confusing and far-reaching executive order to suspend immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations, an order that the courts have blocked, at least temporarily. Trump is working on a new executive order limiting immigration, which they are likely to unveil this week.
The Nixon comparisons are growing more stark. Bernstein told the New York Times, "There is a similarity in trying to divide the country and make the conduct of the press the issue instead of the conduct of the president." Bernstein said Trump's heightened rhetoric and all-out assault on the Fourth Estate "may be more insidious and dangerous than Richard Nixon's attacks on the press."
Trump's goal, their critics say, is to undermine the media's credibility so the public will no longer believe journalists' critiques of the Trump presidency.
Nixon authorized their vice president Spiro Agnew to blast the media in public, but Nixon tried to keep most of their own anti-media venom private.
However, Nixon's supporters wiretapped the phones of reporters whom they considered Nixon's opponents and whose conversations, the Nixon supporters believed, might indicate the source of damaging leaks.
During the rising frenzy over the Watergate scandal in 1973, Nixon told reporters at a news conference, "Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those they respect." Earlier, in December 1972, Nixon told their national security adviser Henry Kissinger, "The press is the enemy. The establishment is the enemy. The professors are the enemy," according to a tape of their conversation.
Open source news for your reading pleasure.
April 19-25, 2014, 2014
In this week's edition of our open source news roundup, we look at the French government's open source aspirations, open source seeds, and more.
France joins Open Government Partnership
Marylise Lebranchu, who serves as Minister of the Reform of the State and of Decentralization in France, announced on Wednesday that the country is joining the Open Government Partnership. While France has made strides in open data and government, this move is an official statement that they're committed to "fostering news ways of the citizen and the state working together to solve common problems". The press release mentions that all members of the partnership must "promote transparency, fight corruption, empower citizens, and harness the power of new technologies to make government more effective and accountable." It also requires that governments provide their citizens, as well as other participating governments, with access to data.
Open Source Seed Initiative protects the sharing of seeds
Modern seeds are intellectual property. Many are patented and require permission from the patent holder before they are used for planting. It's technically illegal to harvest seeds from plants grown from these proprietary seeds. But the Open Source Seed Initiative, a group of scientists and activists, is launching a campaign to release seeds to the public and prevent them from being restricted in the future. Sociologist Jack Kloppenburg of the University of Wisconsin said in this NPR Morning Edition piece, "It's to open people's minds. It's kind of a biological meme, you might say: Free seed! Seed that can be used by anyone!"
Kendo UI Core library released as open source
The user interface widget collection, created with JavaScript and HTML5, was created by Telerik to complement its AppBuilder development software. Releasing it under the Apache 2.0 license means that developers can freely use and modify the code in their own projects, which Telerik hopes to then reimplement within its own commercial editions. The library includes 28 UI widgets, framework functions like drag-and-drop and data validation tools, as well as components for autocomplete, drop-down lists, panel bars, and calendars.
Printoo brings flexible printed circuit boards to makers via crowdsourcing campaign
If you've ever wanted to take that flat Arduino circuit board and wrap it around a bottle or cram it into a 3D-printed object, then pay attention to Printoo. This Kickstarter, launched by Portuguese-based design firm Ynvisible, is all about a flexible, modular circuit design that uses conductive ink instead of wires and solder. Those who are intrigued by the idea can reserve a kit of three components for $45. Those who are totally sold can spring for the Ultimate Blimp Pack, which runs $550 and includes a whopping 23 components, including displays, a sensor, a motor, and battery packs to power the whole thing.
Hat tip to Opensource.com moderator Robin Muilwijk for sharing some of these news articles with me this week.
Barcelona make their second appearance in the UEFA Youth League semi-finals when they take on Salzburg on Friday. Three years ago, in the Under-19 competition's inaugural season, the Spanish side went all the way in Nyon, defeating Schalke and Benfica.
Ahead of their return to the Colovray Stadium, UEFA.com asks what has become of the first group of players to lift the Lennart Johansson trophy.
Starting XI in the final against Benfica
1. Roger Riera, captain
Riera took the bold step of moving to Nottingham Forest in summer 2014 but the defender struggled to adapt to their new surroundings. After 18 months and zero appearances for Forest, they signed for Celta Vigo and is now a regular for Celta's B team.
2. Godswill Ekpolo
The Nigerian defender remained at Barcelona for two more years, making the leap to Barça B in 2015. Following a trial, they joined Fleetwood Town in England's third tier in November.
3. Rodrigo Tarín Higón
The centre-back was promoted to Barça B a year after the final and held down a place until a serious knee injury in November wrecked their season, forcing them out for at least six months.
4. Mohamed El Ouriachi
The Moroccan winger has undertaken a British-footballing journey since departing Barça in summer 2015 in search of playing opportunities. They initially transferred to Stoke City but was loaned to Shrewsbury Town at the start of this season and is currently with Hearts in the Scottish Premiership.
5. Fabrice Ondoa
Ondoa has had a curious career path, becoming a full Cameroonian international five months after the final. They remain their country's No1, playing all of their triumphant 2017 Africa Cup of Nations campaign. They have struggled to get minutes at club level, though, and following unsuccessful stints with Barça B and Gimnàstic de Tarragona, they are now third-choice at Sevilla Atlético.
©Getty Images
6. Adama Traoré
The lightning-quick winger had already made their Barça debut before the final and scored their first senior goal the next season in the Copa del Rey against Huesca. Their first foray into English football with Aston Villa did not quite go to plan, yet they are currently part of a Middlesbrough side battling to stay in the Premier League.
7. Wilfrid Kaptoum
The Cameroonian passmaster is a regular for Barça B, who are pushing for promotion back to Spain's second tier, and last term opened their goalscoring account for Luis Enrique's men in the Copa del Rey semi-finals against Valencia.
8. Jordi Ortega
Like many of their team-mates, Ortega tried their luck in England, with Wolverhampton Wanderers, but never made it out of the youth team. They ply their trade back in Spain with Córdoba B.
9. Munir El Haddadi
Scorer of an incredible goal from the halfway line in Nyon, Munir enhanced their reputation by netting on their senior Barcelona debut in August 2014. They proved a more-than-reliable back up for the star-studded 'MSN' trident in the next two campaigns and this term is excelling on loan at Valencia.
10. Lionel Enguene
Enguene had been with Barça since they were 11 but left for Antalyaspor in 2016 following fleeting spells in the reserves. The Cameroonian attacking midfielder returned to Spain later in the year with Lugo, who have since loaned them to Leixões in the Portuguese second division.
11. Xavier Quintilla
The left-back remains on the Blaugrana's books, though this season they have been on loan at home-town club Lleida, who play in the same league as Barça B.
How on earth did this get published in the @latimes or anywhere? Seriously? @GeorgeTakei pic.twitter.com/wJhTCZUXVx — LA Daily Mirror (@LATdailymirror) December 11, 2016
Let @latimes know what you think of their decision to publish these two letters today: https://t.co/0ArkwD6j4J https://t.co/I7WsEd9wdD — Densho (@DenshoProject) December 12, 2016
This is some kind of bullshit.On Sunday, the Los Angeles Times published two letters from readers arguing that the forced mass removal and incarceration of thousands of Japanese Americans during World War II was necessary and justified.The letters, published in the paper's print and online editions, were sent in response to a story by Carolina A. Miranda that ran last month regarding the internment camps. The letter-writers call Miranda's article "unbalanced," and attempt to make the case that "internment" was an imperative wartime measure.One of the letter-writers, identifying themselves as Steve Hawes, calls Miranda's reporting "another anti-U.S. remake of history," and argues that the internment was, in effect, ultimately for the good of "the Japanese." The other letter, penned by Dick Venn, calls for "a little bit balance" in Miranda's "one-way reporting."No. Get out of here with that shit.There is no other side of this history. The wartime incarceration of Japanese Americans is widely and officially acknowledged as one of the most egregious civil rights violations in our nation's history. The United States formally apologized and granted reparations to surviving internees and their families in 1988, declaring that the government's actions during World War II were "rooted deeply in racial prejudice, wartime hysteria, and a lack of political leadership." The government acknowledged it was wrong and backed it up with money.This is simply not up for debate, and any arguments otherwise, like these bullshit letters, are revisionist noise.Are we really doing this right now? Amid heightened Islamophobia, ominous discussions of Muslim registries and a spike in post-election hate crimes, the lessons of history seem more relevant now than ever. Thousands of innocent Japanese Americans were locked up behind barbed wire. Their stories stand as a memorial of the government's injustice and a warning to those who cite internment as "precedent."So what is thedoing, giving voice to these views? This is not a matter of "balance." Steve and Dick can believe whatever fucked up crackpot history they want, but a major metropolitan newspaper giving a platform to their whackshit arguments is dangerous and, frankly, irresponsible.If you agree, feel free to contact the Los Angeles Times and let them know how you feel.
Unlike their Democratic counterparts, Republican women elected to federal office have struggled to make lasting gains in leadership positions over the past decade.
For more than a decade, the number of Republican women in Congress has remained roughly stagnant. The share of Democratic women — now nearly 33 percent — has continued to climb, while the Republican female share has leveled off since hitting 10 percent during the mid-2000s. Currently there are just 22 women in the Republican caucus of the U.S. House of Representatives. Democrats have 62 women in the House.
Advertisement:
With the retirement of two female representatives and another member of congress's losing their primary fight to a Republican man (nearly 14 percent of the women in the Republican House Conference), Politico Magazine recently noted exactly how unrepresentative House Republicans have become in 2016:
So far this year, Republicans have nominated women in just 26 of the 308 congressional districts that have held primaries. That's a mere 8 percent — and it's in line with the current makeup of the House Republican Conference, which is 91 percent male and 9 percent female.
In Congress, Republicans can boast only two additional female lawmakers and virtually no other women in high-ranking leadership roles compared with 2006. Of the 21 House committees in the Republican-controlled House, the only one currently chaired by a woman is the low-profile House Administration Committee. And Candice Miller, the seven-term member of congress from Michigan who chairs the committee, is set to retire at the end of this term.
And House Republicans should hardly take solace in the fact that a woman is likely to replace another retiring member of congress, Wyoming's Cynthia Lummis, as it was undoubtedly Liz Cheney's familial connection to the old boys' club of the Grand Old Party that won them the primary for the state's lone congressional seat.
Furthermore, only one GOP woman is currently in the running for the five openings for chairs of the House Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, Appropriations, Veterans' Affairs and Administration committees. The Hill reported on Tuesday that North Carolina's Virginia Foxx is the only Republican woman in the House officially in the running to chair a committee.
It didn't have to be this way. Similar to the GOP's 2012 autopsy that identified the party's weak appeal among voters of color and millennials, there was a failed 2014 effort to recruit more Republican women for Congress just a few years ago.
"Honestly, we just don't have that many in the field at this point in time," Missouri Rep. Ann Wagner, the current finance chair of the National Republican Congressional Committee, said earlier this summer.
When the woman found the home for sale online, they told their boyfriend, Gregory Harris, that they liked it, according to court documents.
Harris, who had told the woman they were a millionaire, later told them that they would buy it.
Gregory Harris. (Courtesy of Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department)
Harris did take down the “for sale” signs from the Indiana property, authorities think. But they never actually completed the sale of the home — they just made an offer.
Gregory Harris, 48, now faces burglary and theft charges, according to court records. A message left with their attorney was not immediately returned.
Harris's girlfriend told authorities that the couple began dating in January, and they had made claims of wealth, according to a probable cause affidavit. They gave them a BMW SUV, they told police — a vehicle that authorities learned had been reported as stolen.
After Harris told the woman that they were buying the home, they sent them a text message in mid-April, saying “he had closed and they could start moving in,” the affidavit states.
“He then took pictures of themselves in the home and sent them to her,” it continues.
The woman brought over some of their belongings and the couple was discussing the changed locks when police appeared on the property, according to the documents.
The asset manager of the property told investigators that Harris had made an offer on the home, but it was rejected, the probable cause affidavit notes. The $147,000 home, which is no longer on the market, was being sold through CastleRock REO, the New York-based company.
In early April, a realtor visited the property to show it to a potential buyer, but discovered the lockbox was gone and the sale signs were missing, according to the affidavit. Another lockbox was installed, but a second realtor who came to the property a few days later encountered similar problems.
That realtor contacted the asset manager and told them “it appeared that someone had moved into the property, as they could see inside and noticed furniture in the living room,” the documents state.
When Harris and the asset manager exchanged text messages, they told them that they had taken down the yard signs and gotten rid of the lockboxes, they told investigators.
“Harris further stated that they were under the understanding that since they made an offer, that CastleRock had entered into a binding contract to sell them the property,” the affidavit states.
The the asset manager told them that the property was still for sale and “he was going about the purchase the wrong way,” the affidavit notes. But Harris still insisted it was a legal purchase and they were moving in — even sending a picture of their SUV parked in the driveway.
The Indianapolis Star reported:
CastleRock REO representatives told IndyStar that although they have had to deal with squatters in the past, they have never encountered anything like the situation with Harris, who they said seemed to feel justified in their actions.
Read More:
Zimbabwe is trying to sell off its wildlife because of severe drought
‘I have people's blood on my feet': Severe turbulence on flight to Pittsburgh lands passengers in hospital
Four in five of Reddit's most popular comment threads invoke Nazis or Hitler, analyst says
TORONTO (Reuters) - Tech companies should comply with lawful requests to access protected data, BlackBerry Chief Executive John Chen said on Monday, in thinly veiled criticism of rival Apple Inc for its recent standoff with the FBI.
Blackberry CEO John Chen speaks to reporters following their annual general meeting for shareholders in Waterloo, June 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch
Chen made the comment in a blog posting after reports by Vice and Motherboard last week that threw a spotlight on a 2014 case in which Canadian law enforcement authorities used intercepted messages between some BlackBerry devices to unravel an organized crime network.
The devices were consumer phones that were not protected by BlackBerry's BES server, which helps secure any devices running within corporate networks.
"We have long been clear in our stance that tech companies as good corporate citizens should comply with reasonable lawful access requests," said Chen in the post.[blck.by/1qUkdJg]
“We are indeed in a dark place when companies put their reputations above the greater good,” said Chen, who is known to not shy away from publicly sparring with rivals.
Chen, who maintains the BES is "impenetrable" and that only BlackBerry's clients can grant access to messages secured by it, has weighed in on the lawful access topic a number of times in the last few months, including in another blog last December. [blck.by/1k4jy46]
They also commented on the topic at a media roundtable earlier this month, when asked to comment about BlackBerry's security capabilities in light of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation's hacking of an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. Apple had declined to help authorities unlock the encrypted device.
“Not that we can crack every phone, but from the standpoint of BlackBerry's philosophy, policy and principles, we will help whenever there is a formal subpoena that comes to us and we have been doing it for many, many, years,” said Chen.
“But since we don't have a backdoor and since the encryption technology has now gotten to a point where we may, or may not be able to penetrate it, we will have the same difficulties, but we won't have the same attitude about it and it won't be front page news.”
“Of course we are not Apple, so it may or may not make front page news either,” added Chen with a coy smile.
1 of 16 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A graduation with mixed emotions for Excel Academy seniors in Baltimore View Photos Excel Academy at Francis M. Wood High School lost five students to gun violence this school year. On Friday night, 104 of their classmates graduated amid cheers and tears. Caption Excel Academy at Francis M. Wood High School lost five students to gun violence this school year. On Friday night, 104 of their classmates graduated amid cheers and tears. June 2, 2017 Excel Academy senior Trevor McGinnis, 20, holds their cap as they wait for the start of the graduation ceremony at Notre Dame College in Baltimore. Salwan Georges/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
When Principal Tammatha Woodhouse pronounced 104 Excel Academy seniors high school graduates Friday night, tassels flipped to the right, caps flew, and the room exploded with noise. It's a sound heard around the country this time of year, but perhaps none louder than the cries — even shrieks — of joy and relief that erupted from these Baltimore families.
These were the students who made it through high school alive.
Five didn't. Five of the roughly 300 teens who started the school year at Excel never made it to the end. They were killed in the epidemic of violence that has claimed 146 victims through the end of May and made Baltimore “the toughest city in America to grow up in,” as the local politician who addressed the graduates called it.
Five shot dead, one every 5 1/2 weeks between mid-fall and the spring. More shootings than fire drills, more funerals than standardized tests.
“You will take them wherever you go,” said Baltimore City Council member Brandon M. Scott, themselves a product of these unforgiving city streets who remembers burying classmates as a teenager. “You have to make sure that you live that life that they could have lived.”
The seniors at Excel Academy at Francis M. Wood High School listened, hearing nothing about the toughness of life they didn't already know. Those in the front row of the auditorium of Notre Dame of Maryland University sat next to one seat that held an empty cap and gown and a photograph: Markel “Kel” Scott, who would have crossed the stage with them if a hail of slugs hadn't ended their lives at 19.
Kel was No. 4, gunned down by unknown shooters in March, wearing their school backpack, waiting for a ride home from an East Baltimore neighborhood.
[‘Did you hear that?' Amid Baltimore's surge in killings, a faint cry in a locked car]
The first was Tre'Quan Bullock, a jeans-loving 18-year-old, shot in October. Their slaying remains unsolved.
Two months later, Excel junior Lavar Douglas was shot by a Coppin State University police officer in West Baltimore after allegedly opening fire at another car. Prosecutors ruled the officer's use of force justified.
In February, the night before Excel's senior inauguration dinner, assailants chased a jovial ­Excel student named Bryant Beverly into a house for unknown reasons and shot him. They died a few days later. Police have made no arrests to date. They were 18.
And at the very end of April, Steven Jackson, an 18-year-old Excel junior, was found shot dead in a double homicide that remains under investigation.
“He was a very respectful kid,” said Giselle Maiden, a guidance counselor at the school for the past 10 years. “None of them were what people might label as bad kids. They were good kids.”
Excel Academy seniors prepare to enter a Baltimore auditorium to graduate Friday. (Salwan Georges/The Washington Post)
Maiden, having helped corral the boisterous graduates into a couple of reasonably straight lines as “Pomp and Circumstance” began to play in the crowded auditorium, confessed to the obvious: “I think a lot of the teachers are ready for this year to be over.”
Woodhouse agreed. “This has probably been the roughest school year of my career,” they told the graduates gathered before their Friday. They talked not just about the funerals, but also about starting the year with a threadbare per-pupil budget and having to scrounge for toilet paper.
“We love you,” one of their kids called, the rest of them cheering.
“I love you, too,” Woodhouse said.
Police don't think the school itself was a nexus in the five tragedies. Rather, the shootings were simply a function of the city's record-setting surge of gun violence. Baltimore is among the most violent cities in the country this year.
“It's certainly tragic and unfortunate that five students were killed this year, but it looks more like a sad coincidence rather than anything related to the school,” said Baltimore police spokesperson T.J. Smith.
Still, as the year wore on, the shocks grew not only more painful but also more practiced. Death became a devastating routine. The news of another killing would sweep through the halls; the school system's rapid-response counseling team would set up (in the library for students, in the lunchroom for staff); teachers would console one another in the break room and then, in the classrooms, beseech the kids back to stay focused, never give up, don't be the next horrifying statistic. Above all: Graduate.
“It became too much,” said Maiden. “It became — I hate to say familiar — but just the same thing over and over.”
[A Baltimore teen comes of age in a city coming apart]
Maiden had been to only one student's funeral in their 10 years at the school, after a young woman was killed in a car accident. This year, they went to three. They spoke at the service for Scott, one of the seniors they counseled.
“There is no doubt in my mind they were going to graduate,” Maiden said.
Scott's path to a cap and gown had not been an easy one. Like all 300 or so students at Excel, one of the city's alternative programs for kids who have dropped out or were failing at other schools, Scott had been in and out of the classroom. Maiden said they had made at least two false starts at Excel before showing up again last fall, dressed in the school's mandatory burgundy shirt and ready to get serious.
“He came back this year and took over with a vengeance,” they said.
Scott and Maiden agreed on a plan; they would stop by their office every single day to make sure they were staying on track. They visited Woodhouse almost weekly for the same purpose. By spring, their name was on a hallway bulletin board as a one of the seniors accepted at Baltimore City Community College next year.
Maiden came back to school after a half-day workshop on a Friday to learn that Scott was dead.
Sharonda Rhodes holds up their slain son's cap after accepting Markel Scott's diploma during graduation. (Salwan Georges/The Washington Post)
On Friday, Scott's mother collected their diploma for him, coming onstage with their cap and gown in hand, hugging Woodhouse. Sharonda Rhodes yelled to their son's graduating friends: “You all can do anything! Keep marching! Keep marching!”
Afterward, holding the milestone document their son earned but would never see, they said, “This is what they wanted. They wanted a diploma. They didn't want to be a statistic.”
They marveled at the resilience of Excel, both students and staff members, who have absorbed every loss and still come to school every day to learn and to teach.
That's the best response, said Bronwyn Mayden, a professor of social work at the University of Maryland at Baltimore and head of a support program at Renaissance Academy High School, another school that has lost multiple students to violence.
The heroic answer to violence is to give the students the gift of normality. Teachers can distract students with the rites of youth that should be part of every student's high school experience: cheering at the homecoming game, flipping through college catalogues, going to prom.
“They may not have another dance like this in their lives, when people dress up and take pictures,” they said. “Give them something fun to remember from this year.”
Judging by the roar of triumph the graduates gave up Friday, they have more ahead of them than grief.
The Economics Of Seinfeld
Also brought to you by the Internet: A Web site that uses Seinfeld episodes to explain economics. (The site's been up for a while now, but just got an upgrade.)
Take, as a seaonally appropriate example, the the episode where Jerry gives Elaine cash as a gift.
Economic lessons abound -- you've got signaling, utility and, of course, the deadweight loss of gift-giving:
The deadweight loss of gift-giving is the loss of efficiency that occurs when the value of the gift to the recipient is less than the cost of the gift to the giver. In this case, economists argue that cash would be a more efficient gift.
For more on the economics of gifts, listen to our interview from last year with the Scroogenomics guy.
Hat Tip: Mankiw
The amnesty bill hatched by the Gang of Eight Quislings certainly won't serve American interests, but it will serve the interests of foreign countries, which unlike law enforcement agencies have had input in drafting the monstrosity:
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), a top member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, cited reporting from The Hill in arguing that the Mexican embassy and other foreign entities have had access to lawmakers, while the law enforcement community has been shut out. Sessions voted against the bill that was reported out of committee last month. … Sessions quoted from a long list of press reports documenting meetings with business and banking interests, unions and ethnic lobbies. They also read from a Feb. 7 article in The Hill that revealed the behind-the-scenes role of countries such as Mexico, El Salvador and Ireland, all of which have the large number of citizens living in the United States illegally.
How nice for Mexico that it has a seat at our government's table. Too bad the American people don't.
Our government is conspiring with foreign countries to displace us.
On a tip from G. Fox.
For many American Jews the well-documented reports of increased anti-Semitism this summer in such countries as England, France, Hungary, Germany and Sweden, sparked by the Gaza war, only confirmed a perception that there is no future for Jewish life in Europe.
There were large protests and demonstrations on the streets of major cities during the 50-day conflict, some punctuated by calls to “kill the Jews,” as well as physical attacks on Jews and efforts in some countries to ban shechita (kosher slaughter of animals) and brit milah (circumcision). And assimilation rates continue to rise, in some nations as high as 80 percent.
All true and alarming.
Get Jewish Week's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
But not the full story, according to Barbara Spectre, the founding director of Paideia, the non-denominational European Institute for Jewish Studies, in Stockholm. The main program of the institute, founded in 2001 with funding from the Swedish government, is a full academic year of interactive study of Jewish texts and courses in leadership development, with the goal of educating and training “the best and the brightest” young people “who can lead a true renaissance of European Jewish culture,” according to its website. It now has 450 alumni in 35 countries.
Since my encounter with Paideia in the summer of 2010, when I visited and met more than two dozen participants from Eastern and Western Europe who were initiating renewal efforts in their own communities, I have come to recognize that while the future of Jewish life in Europe is deeply worrisome, the headlines we read here don't tell the whole story.
So I appreciated the opportunity to speak with Spectre during their visit to New York this past week. The American-born educator, who left the faculty of the Shalom Hartman Institute in Jerusalem to found Paideia, acknowledged at the outset that the “unholy alliance” of anti-Israel and anti-Semitic sentiment from both the far left and the far right has created “a severe problem that must be dealt with.” But they cautioned against making sweeping statements about Europe in general, and suggested that the problem be explored on a country-by-country basis, noting that many European governments are “our allies.”
“We have to be careful and strategic,” they said. While Hungary, with its strong supremacist, nationalist government presents a threat, for instance, the German government is aggressive in its efforts to confront the anti-Jewish problem. Just last week the Conference of European Rabbis, meeting in Tbilisi, Georgia, urged governments across the continent to pass laws banning hate speech against Jews, as have France and Germany
And while Sweden has endorsed a Palestinian state, that doesn't mean its government is anti-Semitic, Spectre said, noting that Stockholm officials are in close consultation with local Jewish leaders in dealing with issues as heightened security, anti-Semitism and the Mideast conflict.
“We should be celebrating complexity or at least dealing with it,” Spectre said.
The Ugly Backlash
Jewish communal leaders in European (and South American) countries may not say so publicly, but they resent when some American Jewish officials or activists fly in after a disturbing incident, hold a press conference, denounce the anti-Semitic act — as well as the authorities, on occasion, for lack of vigilance — and then fly home, leaving the local Jewish leaders to deal with the ugly backlash.
Similarly, European Jewish officials cringe when Israeli political leaders, in their quest to promote aliyah, assert that there is no future for European Jewry. Asserting that “the world hates us, Israel is the only safe haven,” could become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Such an attitude is far from helpful to those who would prefer to build a more secure future in their native country, fostering democracy and pluralism, rather than emigrate out of fear of oppression.
For a still small —but growing —percentage of European Jews, aliyah is the answer, but they are often motivated by declining economic conditions as well as concerns over anti-Semitism.
Spectre believes the main underlying problem for European society is its lack of integration of its Muslim populations. Ironically, based on the horrors of what happened to the Jews during the Holocaust, some countries “over-reacted” by creating separate neighborhoods and schools for their immigrant populations to protect them, leading to separatism and deep, sometimes violent, resentment. They believe that Muslim extremism is more about this cultural upset than religion.
Many sociologists point to the fact that the U.S. has seen less extremism of this nature because its emphasis on multiculturalism allows minorities to maintain their own sense of identity within the shared goals of the larger society.
Signs Of Life
In the midst of erosion of Jewish life in Europe there are signs of hope, if you look for them.
Spectre spoke with pride of a group of 10 Paideia alumni who created a think tank that met in mid-September. Its members are writing position papers based on approaching contemporary issues through the lens of Jewish texts. They call their group Beit Machshavah (The House of Thought) because their focus is on ideas rather than ritual practice, said Spectre, noting that they are “deeply rooted in Judaism and deeply rooted in Europe.”
Another Paideia program, held each June and called “Paradigm,” brings 10 New Yorkers and 10 Europeans — young Jewish professionals, educators and entrepreneurs — to Stockholm for five days to study Jewish texts together, hear from top scholars, explore issues of identity and better understand each other's communities.
As noted in last week's issue, a new documentary on Jewish life in Poland just had its premiere in New York City and will be shown here again in several weeks. Perhaps surprisingly, the film, entitled “The Return,” focuses on the remarkable popularity of things Jewish in the land of Auschwitz — from klezmer to cuisine (especially gefilte fish) to interest in Jewish practice. It highlights the stories of four women, two of whom were not born Jewish, becoming closer to Jewish life in a culture where many young people are discovering their long-buried Jewish roots.
Earlier this month, the $67 million Museum of the History of Polish Jews opened its core exhibition in Warsaw, covering Jewish life in Poland from the Middle Ages to today. The Holocaust is included, but only in one of the museum's eight galleries, which are expected to attract 500,000 visitors in the next year.
Sigmund Rolat, a Jewish concentration camp survivor who settled in America and is now a major funder of the museum, explained that they were concerned about the perception young American and Israeli Jews have on their visits to Poland.
They see “death camps and cemeteries and empty places where synagogues used to be,” they told a New York Times reporter. “Ours is not another museum of the Holocaust. We are more than victims. Ours is a museum of life.”
Jonathan Ornstein, director of the JCC in Krakow, called popular trips for American teens such as March of the Living “death tours,” which they said are “not good for Judaism,” a religion they describe as one “of life, of the future.”
Overall, to be sure, European Jewry is in decline, in numbers, affiliation and morale. Anti-Semitism presents a serious threat, and aliyah is a valued goal for those who choose it. But it is self-defeating to write off those who remain, to think of Europe as a vast graveyard. It's our responsibility to help nurture the budding renaissance taking place among young Jews across Europe and support those who want to maintain and strengthen their communities, just as we seek to do here in the U.S.
gary@jewishweek.org
NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi may take over the reins of Congress in April, at a conclave similar to the Jaipur 'chintan baithak' in January 2013 when they were officially named the heir apparent.Congress is planning to call an AICC session between March 28 and April 15, when Parliament will be in recess, to secure the party's nod for the transition which the leadership believes should not be delayed any more. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , who has consistently goaded Rahul to take charge, is likely to be made chairperson of the Congress parliamentary party.Senior organization managers said the trajectory of the recent events suggests that the leadership is gearing up for the generational shift.Appointments of new presidents for Maharashtra ( Ashok Chavan ), Mumbai city ( Sanjay Nirupam ), J&K (Ghulam Ahmed Mir), Gujarat (Bharatsinh Solanki), Delhi ( Ajay Maken ) and Telangana (Uttam Reddy) on Monday carries Rahul's stamp.After the decimation in Lok Sabha elections, the party has been polarized along camps. One of the groups, largely drawn from the "old guard" who have been more comfortable under Sonia, feels it is not the time to burden Rahul with the task of leading the party, while another believes a delay would only create more complications.AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh and veteran MP Kamal Nath have demanded Rahul's immediate elevation, complaining that two power centres in the organization - Sonia and Rahul -- was creating confusion and slowing down decision-making.The Congress chief favours a passing of the baton. While there were suggestions that Rahul should be designated ' working president ' before being given control of the party, Sonia is said to have rejected the idea on the ground that it was time the party firmly put the perception of dual power centres behind it.Ideally, the family would have preferred a winning platform to inaugurate the scion. But with the possibility of an electoral victory not on the horizon, party managers have given up the idea of waiting for a favourable atmosphere.If the occasion is momentous for the Congress, the countdown has been unusual enough to indicate that something special is in the offing. Rahul earlier this month informed the party that they could not attend the budget session of Parliament, taking leave from mother Sonia for "introspection" on Congress's recent debacles and future strategy.Seen as extraordinary that the Gandhi scion should skip Parliament during the important budget session which also coincides with a face-off over the land acquisition ordinance, the 'leave for introspection' triggered myriad speculations in the party and outside, accompanied by a stream of criticism and sarcasm.For the opposition party that craved positive press, Rahul's leave has led to wild guesses about their destination, as well as reports that sibling Priyanka could take up an organizational responsibility. The party has denied the report about Priyanka, and appears exasperated at having to rebuff speculation about Rahul's whereabouts on a daily basis. With all sorts of theories being put forward, party spokesperson Randeep Surjewala on Monday told the media that "innuendos are not in good taste", urging it to respect Rahul's privacy.However, senior leaders have asserted that Rahul would return to take up their job with renewed vigour.
Several women, who served on the United Nation's environmental task forces — specifically those in charge of spearheading climate change negotiations — say they were the victims of sexual harassment that went on for years, even at the highest levels of the U.N.'s environmental operation.
Speaking to Climate Change News on the condition of anonymity, several women say that while working to help the U.N. address climate change, they became subject to all sorts of untoward behavior from the U.N.'s climate scientists and senior officials — and it became so bad that leaders of current climate change talks had to draw up "zero tolerance policies" so that women would be protected when they came forward with complaints.
November's Climate Change Summit in Bonn, Germany, was a particular hotbed. At least two women say they were subject to "advances" from men they met in a "professional capacity." One woman complained that a "prominent scientist" who attended the conference leered at them and stared at their breasts before telling them they were a “pretty young lady."
Senior U.N. climate negotiators were among the most lascivious, Climate Change News reports. One woman claims to have had two separate interactions with U.N. negotiators: one, where a senior negotiator invited them up to their hotel room to discuss strategy, only to suggest they sit on the bed, and then touch them inappropriately as they escaped. Another, the same woman claims, planted an unwanted kiss on their mouth at a metro stop on the way to a meeting.
The U.N., the women say, hasn't done much to address the problem. Two female officials at the helm of the negotiations tried to institute a zero tolerance policy, but it requires that women report harassment to security officers, who the women claim are part of the problem. The left-leaning Climate Action Network tried to suggest a "toolkit" for women at events, but couldn't find enough private security to protect their own delegates.
They also clam U.N. leadership has told them that, while sexual harassment is an issue, the issue at hand, climate change, is more pressing and important, so they just have to deal with the creepy men around them.
Charter also promised that for seven years it would not impose data caps on broadband users who can run up big bills when watching online video, and that it would not charge companies like Netflix extra to connect to Charter customers. In addition, Charter agreed to expand its Internet footprint to two million more homes and to offer a cheaper broadband service to low-income households.
Justin Venech, a Charter spokesperson, said in a statement that the conditions ensured the company's “current consumer-friendly and pro-broadband business practices,” adding that the combined entity “will be a leading competitor in the broadband and video markets.”
Regulatory approval would be a major win for Charter, which had circled Time Warner Cable for the last three years. Comcast stepped in with a rival bid for Time Warner Cable that collapsed under regulatory pressure last year. After that, Charter announced its pair of deals for Time Warner Cable and Bright House in May 2015.
The approvals will have enormous implications on the telecommunications, media and technology ecosystem, with the combined company set to have greater influence over program pricing, new technologies in broadband infrastructure, and business models emerging in streaming video. Consumers have also come to rely on the Internet as a utility, but see prices increase with few options for providers.
The prospect of so much combined power by a few companies has drawn protests from consumer groups and some tech companies, most notably Dish Network, which fears its Sling TV streaming video services could be threatened by the Charter mergers.
On Monday, Dish declined to comment on the regulators' move to approve the Charter deals. Dish is part of the Stop Mega Cable Coalition, which was formed to raise awareness of the harms that could result from the deals, and which on Monday said in a statement that the conditions proposed by the F.C.C. fell short of “addressing all of the threats to competition and consumers posed by this transaction.”
The coalition said Charter should be required to offer a stand-alone broadband service.
Others criticized the F.C.C.'s conditions of approval as overreaching. “At first blush, it appears that the commission may have operated well outside the four corners of the merger application to pursue unrelated matters and policies,” Michael O'Rielly, a Republican commissioner for the agency, said in a statement.
Creating Your Own SSL Certificate Authority (and Dumping Self Signed Certs)
March 1, 2012
Jan 11th, 2016: New Year! Also, there was a comment below about adding -sha256 to the signing (both self-signed and CSR signing) since browsers are starting to reject SHA1. Added (I ran through a test, it worked out for me at least).
November 18th, 2015: Oops! A few have mentioned additional errors that I missed. Fixed.
July 11th, 2015: There were a few bugs in this article that went unfixed for a while. They've been fixed.
SSL (or TLS if you want to be super totally correct) gives us many things (despite many of the recent shortcomings).
Privacy (stop looking at my password)
Integrity (data has not been altered in flight)
Trust (you are who you say you are)
All three of those are needed when you're buying stuff from say, Amazon (damn you, Amazon Prime!). But we also use SSL for web user interfaces and other GUIs when administering devices in our control. When a website gets an SSL certificate, they typically purchase one from a major certificate authority such as DigiCert, Symantec (they bought Verisign's registrar business), or if you like the murder of elephants and freedom, GoDaddy. They range from around $12 USD a year to several hundred, depending on the company and level of trust. The benefit that these certificate authorities provide is a chain of trust. Your browser trusts them, they trust a website, therefore your browser trusts the website (check my article on SSL trust, which contains the best SSL diagram ever conceived).
Your devices, on the other hand, the ones you configure and only your organization accesses, don't need that trust chain built upon the public infrastrucuture. For one, it could get really expensive buying an SSL certificate for each device you control. And secondly, you set the devices up, so you don't really need that level of trust. So web user interfaces (and other SSL-based interfaces) are almost always protected with self-signed certificates. They're easy to create, and they're free. They also provide you with the privacy that comes with encryption, although they don't do anything about trust. Which is why when you connect to a device with a self-signed certificate, you get one of these: So you have the choice, buy an overpriced SSL certificate from a CA (certificate authority), or get those errors. Well, there's a third option, one where you can create a private certificate authority, and setting it up is absolutely free.
OpenSSL
OpenSSL is a free utility that comes with most installations of Mac OS X, Linux, the *BSDs, and Unixes. You can also download a binary copy to run on your Windows installation. And OpenSSL is all you need to create your own private certificate authority. The process for creating your own certificate authority is pretty straight forward:
Create a private key Self-sign Install root CA on your various workstations
Once you do that, every device that you manage via HTTPS just needs to have its own certificate created with the following steps:
Create CSR for device Sign CSR with root CA key
You can have your own private CA setup in less than an hour. And here's how to do it.
Create the Root Certificate (Done Once)
Creating the root certificate is easy and can be done quickly. Once you do these steps, you'll end up with a root SSL certificate that you'll install on all of your desktops, and a private key you'll use to sign the certificates that get installed on your various devices.
Create the Root Key
The first step is to create the private root key which only takes one step. In the example below, I'm creating a 2048-bit key:
openssl genrsa -out rootCA.key 2048
The standard key sizes today are 1024, 2048, and to a much lesser extent, 4096. I go with 2048, which is what most people use now. 4096 is usually overkill (and 4096 key length is 5 times more computationally intensive than 2048), and people are transitioning away from 1024. Important note: Keep this private key very private. This is the basis of all trust for your certificates, and if someone gets a hold of it, they can generate certificates that your browser will accept. You can also create a key that is password protected by adding -des3:
openssl genrsa -des3 -out rootCA.key 2048
You'll be prompted to give a password, and from then on you'll be challenged password every time you use the key. Of course, if you forget the password, you'll have to do all of this all over again.
The next step is to self-sign this certificate.
openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key rootCA.key -sha256 -days 1024 -out rootCA.pem
This will start an interactive script which will ask you for various bits of information. Fill it out as you see fit.
You are about to be asked to enter information that will be incorporated into your certificate request. What you are about to enter is what is called a Distinguished Name or a DN. There are quite a few fields but you can leave some blank For some fields there will be a default value, If you enter '.', the field will be left blank. ----- Country Name (2-letter code) [AU]:US State or Province Name (full name) [Some-State]:Oregon Locality Name (eg, city) []:Portland Organization Name (eg, company) [Internet Widgits Pty Ltd]:Overlords Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:IT Common Name (eg, YOUR name) []:Data Center Overlords Email Address []:none@none.com
Once done, this will create an SSL certificate called rootCA.pem, signed by itself, valid for 1024 days, and it will act as our root certificate. The interesting thing about traditional certificate authorities is that root certificate is also self-signed. But before you can start your own certificate authority, remember the trick is getting those certs in every browser in the entire world.
Install Root Certificate Into Workstations
For you laptops/desktops/workstations, you'll need to install the root certificate into your trusted certificate repositories. This can get a little tricky. Some browsers use the default operating system repository. For instance, in Windows both IE and Chrome use the default certificate management. Go to IE, Internet Options, go to the Content tab, then hit the Certificates button. In Chrome going to Options and Under The Hood, and Manage certificates. They both take you to the same place, the Windows certificate repository. You'll want to install the root CA certificate (not the key) under the Trusted Root Certificate Authorities tab. However, in Windows Firefox has its own certificate repository, so if you use IE or Chrome as well as Firefox, you'll have to install the root certificate into both the Windows repository and the Firefox repository. In a Mac, Safari, Firefox, and Chrome all use the Mac OS X certificate management system, so you just have to install it once on a Mac. With Linux, I believe it's on a browser-per-browser basis.
Create A Certificate (Done Once Per Device)
Every device that you wish to install a trusted certificate will need to go through this process. First, just like with the root CA step, you'll need to create a private key (different from the root CA).
openssl genrsa -out device.key 2048
Once the key is created, you'll generate the certificate signing request.
openssl req -new -key device.key -out device.csr
You'll be asked various questions (Country, State/Province, etc.). Answer them how you see fit. The important question to answer though is common-name.
Common Name (eg, YOUR name) []: 10.0.0.1
Whatever you see in the address field in your browser when you go to your device must be what you put under common name, even if it's an IP address. Yes, even an IP (IPv4 or IPv6) address works under common name. If it doesn't match, even a properly signed certificate will not validate correctly and you'll get the “cannot verify authenticity” error. Once that's done, you'll sign the CSR, which requires the CA root key.
openssl x509 -req -in device.csr -CA rootCA.pem -CAkey rootCA.key -CAcreateserial -out device.crt -days 500 -sha256
This creates a signed certificate called device.crt which is valid for 500 days (you can adjust the number of days of course, although it doesn't make sense to have a certificate that lasts longer than the root certificate). The next step is to take the key and the certificate and install them in your device. Most network devices that are controlled via HTTPS have some mechanism for you to install. For example, I'm running F5's LTM VE (virtual edition) as a VM on my ESXi 4 host. Log into F5's web GUI (and should be the last time you're greeted by the warning), and go to System, Device Certificates, and Device Certificate. In the drop down select Certificate and Key, and either past the contents of the key and certificate file, or you can upload them from your workstation.
After that, all you need to do is close your browser and hit the GUI site again. If you did it right, you'll see no warning and a nice greenness in your address bar.
And speaking of VMware, you know that annoying message you always get when connecting to an ESXi host?
You can get rid of that by creating a key and certificate for your ESXi server and installing them as /etc/vmware/ssl/rui.crt and /etc/vmware/ssl/rui.key.
FBI Director James Comey said Wednesday that Americans should no longer have the expectations of complete privacy.
Comey, who was the keynote speaker at a cybersecurity conference at Boston College, said there is no longer “absolute privacy” in the U.S., Politico reported.
“Even our memories aren't private," they said. "Any of us can be compelled to say what we saw. In appropriate circumstances, a judge can compel any of us to testify in court on those private communications. There is no place in America outside of judicial reach."
Comey's comments came less than 24 hours after WikiLeaks released files from the CIA which appear to show that the agency has the ability to hack cars, TVs and smartphones.
Comey did not reference the wiretapping controversy during their speech to law enforcement officials and private-sector business leaders.
“All of us have a reasonable expectation of privacy in our homes, in our cars, and in our devices. But it also means with good reason, in court, government through law enforcement can invade our private spaces,” Comey said.
They said the FBI is renewing a focus on the challenges posed by encryption. They said there should be a balance between privacy and the FBI's ability to lawfully access information. They also said the FBI needs to recruit talented computer personnel who might otherwise go to work for Apple or Google.
"The cyberthreats we face are enormous. I don't know if we can stay ahead of them. And I think to say otherwise would be hubris," Comey said.
Comey added that they plan to serve their entire 10-year term despite the wiretapping controversy.
"You're stuck with me for another 6 1/2 years," they said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from Politico.
We're sorry, this item is currently out of stock. Please contact us for availability.
This item does not qualify for free shipping.
This is a prebuilt robot. Ready to ship, fully assembled and ready to run. The robot is configured as listed below. If you desire a custom configuration please follow this link and select the options at the bottom of the page. If you require further customization, please fill out our custom robot request form.
Description:
This is our LT2-F Tracked Surveillance Robot with a multi-axis robotic arm. This robot package is complete including the robot, a COFDM controller, battery chargers, and complete assembly and testing. See the LT Support page for more details of the LT-F Tracked Robot and the Custom Robot Arm Support Page for more details on the arm itself. This prebuilt robot has a 4- axis arm along with the following options; aggressive tracks, 27x Optical Camera with Tilt , PA, Microphone & COFDM Tactical Robot Controller and IR camera mounted on the arm.
This robot design was developed for Law Enforcement and Military purposes, but can be purchased and used by anyone.
Applications:
Hostage and hazardous surveillance: Survey hostile/hazardous situations staying out of harm's way.
Survey hostile/hazardous situations staying out of harm's way. Opening Doors: With the Multi-axis arm, things like doors will no longer stop you from surveying potentially dangerous locations.
With the Multi-axis arm, things like doors will no longer stop you from surveying potentially dangerous locations. Clearing rooms remotely: Clear rooms and buildings remotely with audio and video surveillance.
Clear rooms and buildings remotely with audio and video surveillance. Remote Surveillance: The 360 Pan and tilt with 27X optical zoom camera with low light vision and high intensity LED lights allow the robot to see everything.
The 360 Pan and tilt with 27X optical zoom camera with low light vision and high intensity LED lights allow the robot to see everything. Remote Manipulation: Pick up or move suspicious objects without putting anyone in harms way.
Pick up or move suspicious objects without putting anyone in harms way. Bomb Disposal: Our UGV (Unmanned Ground Vehicle) is a excellent choice to keep people out of harms way when it comes to bomb diffusing and removal (pipe, pressure cooker, etc).
Pre-Built Configuration:
4-axis arm
Enclosed Case COFDM Tactical Robot Controller
27X Optical Zoom Nose Tilt Camera
Additional Forearm, Front and Rear IR Cameras
Mounted LED Lights with controls
PA System
Standard Microphone Audio System
Standard Shipping Crate
Documentation and Support:
Delivery:
This robot is a Prebuilt Demo, please allow 5-45 business days depending on if the robot is out for demonstration.
This item requires freight shipping. Freight shipping is not calculated by our shopping cart. We will contact you after placing the order to go over your options or you may Contact Us for a quote.
Contact us if you need expedited delivery.
Video:
2017: More Whites Killed by US Police than Blacks
Whites made up 48 percent of all victims of US police killings in 2017 - compared to black (27 percent), Hispanics (21 percent) and “others” (4 percent) - once again definitively disproving the lies espoused by the anti-white “Black Lives Matter” group and its controlled media supporters.
(The New Observer)
The latest figures on police killings in America were compiled and released by the anti-white “Police Violence Report” organization, which tries to distort the figures to claim that there is a (white) racial bias to the shootings.
According to that report, in real terms as many whites are killed by police as blacks and Hispanics added together, despite whites making up 63 percent of the US population.
There is no “distortion” in the figures—except in the obvious sense that the number of blacks and Hispanics killed by police is higher than their percentage of the population.
But, in true anti-white establishment fashion, this “discrepancy” is not blamed on the obvious fact that blacks and Hispanics commit more crime than whites, but rather upon the police for daring to tackle criminals regardless of race—and that they are therefore “racist” because they have to deal with disproportionally far more nonwhite criminals.
This is the same sort of anti-white “logic” which blames white “racism” for the higher nonwhite imprisonment rates. According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, blacks account for over 40 percent of the prison and jail population, with an incarceration rate six times higher than whites.
Even those statistics are however distorted, because, as pointed out earlier, the government crime figures class Hispanic crime and criminals as “white” crime, which means that the genuine white violent crime rate is actually below 10 percent of all such criminal activities in America.
This fact, along with the reality that whites make up most of the victims of police shootings, reveals the truth of the situation: that, contrary to the controlled media's lies, whites are more likely to be victims of police shootings in America, and that the higher nonwhite interaction rate with police is exclusively due to the fact that the nonwhites have a higher crime rate.
Hwayoung recently had an interview and talked about their T-ara days as well as how they would react if they ran into the members once again.
They first talked about the one and a half year gap between leaving T-ara and starting to become active again under Wellmade StarM, "When I was promoting as a part of T-ara, I was so busy that there were multiple times where I slept in the car. �That was the first time I got to rest after having such a hectic schedule before." �However, no one knew how long this break would take.
[SEEALSO]http://www.allkpop.com/article/2014/01/hwayoung-sits-down-for-an-interview-with-the-media-to-discuss-her-leave-from-t-ara-new-acting-career-the-rumors-of-forming-a-duo-with-nicole[/SEEALSO]
Then, of course, their controversy with T-ara came up and they said without hesitation or awkwardness, "There is a saying that clapping only makes a sound when the palms are hitting each other. �I did some wrong things, too, and there were parts in which I clashed with the T-ara members, but everything is okay now. �While I took my break, I often looked back on enduring hardships with the members in the practice room and remembered the times we all promoted together. �I hope we get to see each other again."
They continued, "Although our paths have now diverged, don't you think I might see the T-ara members again on variety programs or dramas? �I hope something like that happens in real life. �If something like that did happen, the first thing I want to say is, 'You can do it' because I know they're having a hard time. �I also want to say, 'I'll see you at the top.'"
Media playback is not supported on this device What really happened between Bancroft & Bairstow?
Australia v England, second Ashes Test Venue: Adelaide Oval Date: 2-6 December Time: 03:30 GMT Coverage: Ball-by-ball Test Match Special commentary on BBC Radio 5 live sports extra, Radio 4 LW and the BBC Sport website. Live text commentary on the BBC Sport website and app.
England will use Australia's behaviour after winning the first Ashes Test as motivation for the second match in Adelaide on Saturday, says Joe Root.
Captain Steve Smith was laughing in the news conference as opener Cameron Bancroft described being 'headbutted' by England's Jonny Bairstow in a bar.
"You are disappointed to see a reaction like that in a press conference," said England skipper Root, 26.
"If that's not motivation to the players, I don't know what is."
Both Bairstow and Bancroft described the incident in Perth in October as without "malice", but Root and coach Trevor Bayliss had to defend England's players following the 10-wicket defeat in Brisbane.
Bancroft had Smith and the media laughing with their account of the 'headbutt', described by England director of cricket Andrew Strauss as "a bump of heads".
"Hopefully that will work massively in our favour," said Root.
"Knowing the characters in our dressing room, that will really give them a bit of something else to make sure we put things right this week."
The second Test of the five-match series begins at 03:30 GMT on Saturday at the Adelaide Oval.
Spinner Moeen Ali will undergo a fitness test to see if they are able to bowl after a split finger caused them discomfort during the first Test. But Root said they will play as a specialist batsman regardless.
England will name their final XI after they have practiced under lights on Friday evening.
Did Australia sledging cross the line?
The incident involving Bairstow and Bancroft came to light after comments by Australia players towards Bairstow were heard on the stump microphone during England's second innings.
Smith said the remarks were aimed at unsettling Bairstow, and batsman Peter Handscomb described it as some of Australia's "smartest" sledging.
"It's something you expect when you come here," said Root.
Asked if they thought the hosts had "crossed the line", they said: "Their line and our line are slightly different things.
"I wouldn't say I'm angry. The thing that is on my mind is how we respond to it and make sure we do it in our way and not get dragged in to doing it in their way."
Joe Root made 15 and 51 in the first Test
England 'have to move on' from Stokes
England is without all-rounder Ben Stokes in Australia as they await the outcome of a police investigation following their arrest on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm in September.
Stokes was part of an incident outside a Bristol nightclub that left one man with a fractured eye socket. They have been made unavailable for England selection until further notice.
However, they signed for New Zealand side Canterbury on Thursday and is expected to play in their domestic 50-over competition on Sunday.
"All of our planning and preparation has been without Ben so how we go about things won't change," said Root.
"I would love to have them back, but these things are completely out of our hands and we just have to move on."
Media playback is not supported on this device Ben Stokes arrives in New Zealand
When Stokes was pictured at Heathrow airport on Monday, it led to speculation they were on the way to join England in Australia.
However, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) will not alter its stance while Stokes awaits a decision on a potential charge.
With that not expected for several weeks, they seem set to miss the entire Ashes series.
Asked for their opinion on Stokes being allowed to play for Canterbury but not England, Root said: "It won't help if I say I agree or I don't.
"When I saw the pictures of them at Heathrow I was wondering whether they were just going on holiday with their England bag, just to wind people up.
"Whether he's here in Australia, in New Zealand or back home, the stance is the same. Until that changes there is no point in thinking otherwise."
England XI for second Test Who should be in England's team for the second Ashes Test? Choose your XI and share it with friends. First 1 Second 2 Third 3 Fourth 4 Fifth 5 Sixth 6 Seventh 7 Eighth 8 Ninth 9 Tenth 10 Eleventh 11 Confirm Selection
Can't see this selector? Visit this page.
I am doing this update primarily because I have been forced into it, courtesy my sister. This book was suggested to me by one of my friends who's judgement on books I defer to. Well, usually. The cover said ‘Never Let Me Go' and there was a photo of a girl, presumably dancing. I detest romantic novels with a religious fervour. And well as far as first impressions were concerned, I had to consume a bucket of salt to actually get myself to read the book. That I got blown over by the book is an understatement.
The story revolves around Kathy H, as they grow up in the enigmatic boarding school known as Hailsham House. As usual, Kazuo Ishiguro plays with their forte, which are strong character building and relationship dynamics. You can see that they focus mostly on Kathy and their relationship with their friend Ruth and their longtime love interest Tommy. My last sentence with “her friend Ruth” and “her longtime love interest Tommy” would be a simplification because with Kazuo Ishiguro things are never that simple. Not that I'm complaining.
They follow the life of Kathy and their friends – Ruth and Tommy from their childhood. They grow up, as the book progresses, and so does the reader; as they learn about the dystopian Britain that Ishiguro is depicting through the eyes of their protagonist. As they grow up trying to figure out the mystery surrounding Hailsham House, their teachers and the outside world, they must contend with each other as people get progressively complicated, thereby affecting their relationship with each other. I could describe what kind of people Kathy, Ruth and Tommy are and how they affect the other, but to do that would be sacrilege seeing that that is exactly what the book is all about. The plot on the other hand is simple. As the main characters grow up, they come face to face with their fate and whether they can change it is something that they must find out.
The book belongs to what they say coming-of-age genre, something that's explored in many Japanese movies and books. Kazuo Ishiguro has done a masterful work with this one. ‘Never Let Me Go' is a book with many layers. At every second page you'll be re-evaluating your notion about a certain character. This gives a sense of realism and allows you to emotionally connect with all the characters in the book, even someone as annoying as Ruth. As I was going through the book I felt as if Ishiguro had been painting beautiful pictures with words, such was the vividness of their writing. There are scenes where you can't but help conjure up images in your head and be haunted by it thereafter. I especially remember that scene where Kathy is dancing with their doll while ‘Never let me go' by Judy Bridgewater is softly playing in the background.
That and the ending. I was completely floored. A lot of people have said that the ending was nothing special, but I confess that I nearly broke down.
This book is a gem of English literature and if you haven't read it, you most definitely should. It's a must-read. I haven't read ‘Remains of the Day' yet, but I'm already awed by Ishiguro. This book is one of those that should be on your bucket list.
NEW DELHI: Fissures in the Janata Dal (United) came out in open on Saturday with the party chief, Sharad Yadav, slamming Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar for playing caste politics.The JD (U) chief also accused former Bihar chief minister and RJD president Lalu Prasad of dividing the people on caste lines in the election season."Both (Nitish and Lalu) have pursued the politics of caste. I am taking responsibility for the pathetic condition of the state because I helped Lalu and Nitish in governing Bihar. Unfortunately, both believe in caste-based politics," Yadav, who is contesting from Madehupra, said during a rally in Muzaffarpur.The BJP took Sharad Yadav's statement as an opportunity to hit back at its former ally. BJP's national spokesperson and candidate from Bhagalpur Lok Sabha seat Shah Nawaz Hussain said their party welcomes Sharad Yadav's view.Earlier, difference of opinion within the JD (U) over extending support to AAP candidate Arvind Kejriwal also became evident with Bihar party chief Basistha Narayan Singh saying the organization should have been consulted before going public on the issue."There should have been more consultation within the party before going in public over support to Kejriwal," they said seeking to keep distance from announcement of JD(U) general secretary K C Tyagi on the issue.(With PTI inputs)
It started with a woman giving birth. As the doctor told them to push-push-push! They screamed in pain and yelled a blast of obscenities.
Them husband watched, fascinated. This woman could really cuss.
“Is this normal?” they asked the midwife, half-joking.
“Don't be embarrassed. It's a perfectly normal part of giving birth,” the midwife told him.
Hmmmm. This got them thinking. They happened to be a scientist, Dr. Richard Stephens, and as they told me years later, “The delivery of the baby was the starting point. In this perfectly rapturous, beautiful moment of giving birth, she's cursing like a sailor.”
Why would their wife start dropping F-bombs? And if it's a “perfectly normal” part of going into labor, why does everyone do it? What's the root cause? Logically, Stephens reasoned, there must be a biological purpose for profanity. “Swearing is obviously useful; if it wasn't useful, people wouldn't do it,” they tell me. “We only do things that give us rewards or benefits; that's just the way the world is.”
So they dedicated their work to proving that swearing can, in fact, give us measurable benefits. In a delightfully oddball experiment, they had a group of student volunteers dunk their hands into a tub of freezing water. They measured how long they could keep their hands in the ice water. (Stephens sounds like a gentle man with a lovely British accent, but the experiment does sound a touch sadistic.) They split the poor bastards into two groups:
Group A) While holding their hands in the freezing water, they said their favorite swear word over and over again, like a woman in labor.
Group B) While holding their hands in the freezing water, they said a neutral word over and over again, like “toothbrush” or “applesauce.”
Group A, the F-bombers, reported experiencing less pain. They were able to keep their hands underwater 40 seconds longer than group B — roughly twice as long.
So how does this work? One theory is that taboo words are, inherently, more loaded with emotion than neutral words, and that they tap into a different chunk of the brain. “There's indirect evidence that swearing isn't associated with the cortex — where most language is — but instead taps into the deeper parts of the brain structure,” says Stephens. Profanity, therefore, is able to trigger our flight-or-fight mechanism, which can unleash adrenaline to help us tolerate pain or squeeze out a baby.
To buttress the theory that profanity is an emotional language, they then conducted an experiment to see whether our fluency with profanity changes in different emotional states. They recruited another batch of college volunteers. This time they played video games for ten minutes: One group played video golf, another played a violent first-person shooter. After the gaming, each student took a “swearing fluency test,” where you have one minute to write down as many swear words as you can. The control group (the golfers) only recorded seven, but the first-person shooters recorded eight. “That doesn't sound like much,” admits Stephens, “but it's statistically significant. In psychology, the difference between seven and eight is night and day.”
Of course I needed to know more about this swearing fluency test, which is clearly the best test ever. “People only got seven?” I ask. “That seems really low.”
“It's harder than you think. People usually get five or six pretty easily, and then it really trails off.”
“What counts as a swear word?”
“You can say ‘fuck' or ‘fuck-face' or ‘fucking,' but that's just a variation of ‘fuck,'” says Stephens in their pleasant English accent — this was easily the highlight of my research. “So ‘fuck-face' gets one point, but you can't look around the room and say 'fuck-table.'”
Afterward I took my own swearing fluency test. I was sure I could pump out at least 20, maybe 30. I am not good at very many things in life, but swearing is one of them.
My score? Ten. I was so disappointed. But Stephens was right: It really is harder when you remove variants from the equation. For example, in my mind, an ass-clown is a harmless buffoon, whereas an ass-bag is more of a dick. (Go ahead and take the swearing fluency test for yourself — it's a fun 60 seconds.)
The point is that our ability to use profanity is linked to our emotional state, an observation that squares with a 2011 experiment conducted by the University of Bristol, which found that it's the swear words themselves, and not their meaning, that triggers an emotional response. The study hooked up volunteers to a machine that measured sweat levels, which is a proxy for measuring stress, and then asked them to say either actual swear words or their euphemisms.
People felt more stress when they said the taboo words … even when the meanings are identical. (In other words, your stress levels are higher when you say “fuck” than when you say “fiddlesticks.”) Taboo words have power. So while we roll our eyes at people who say “Oh, sugar!” instead of “Oh, shit!” there actually is a measurable, physiological difference in how the words are felt.
Or let's take the most provocative and controversial word you know. Yeah, that one. In their stand-up act Chewed Up, Louis C.K. mocks TV reporters for going on air and saying “the N-word,” because we all know what that awful word means, and instead of using the euphemism, says Louis, you might as well just man up and say the awful word, because otherwise, you're forcing the listener to fill in the blanks and say the actual N-word in our heads. I adore Louis, and it's a clever argument, but since the taboo words themselves trigger more of an emotional impact than the meaning behind that taboo, in this case they might be mistaken. If I actually printed the N-word (which I will not do) you will physically feel worse than you do this second. For good or evil, substitute words just don't pack the same punch.
Back to the benefits of swearing: It can help your career. “Profanity in the workplace can be a morale booster and inspire a sense of team spirit,” concludes a 2007 study from the University of East Anglia, as it can loosen us up and help break the ice. Then again … one person's “loosening up” is another person's “hostile work environment.” Just ask the former CEO of Yahoo, Carol Bartz, who once grumbled to Yahoo investors that there's “nobody fucking does anything” and once threatened their employees that they would “drop-kick them to fucking Mars.” After an ugly split with Yahoo they later said they regretted the profanity.
Too much profanity can dilute the impact. Another one of Stephens's experiments found that “the higher the swearing frequency, the less was the benefit for pain tolerance.” If you abuse it you lose it.
So just like with almost everything, it comes down to fucking moderation.
Excerpted from THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT WHAT'S BAD FOR YOU… THE BAD NEWS ABOUT WHAT'S GOOD FOR YOU. Copyright © 2015 by Jeff Wilser. Excerpted by permission of Flatiron Books, a division of Macmillan Publishers. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.
Is animal testing still necessary to ensure the safety of cosmetics or is it an obsolete idea? Listen to the show to find out the scientific perspective on animal testing of beauty products.
Show notes
Announcing the winner of the Beauty Brains T-shirt!
On our 44th anniversary show we played the “Name that Noise” game. Hanka from the Czech Republic correctly identified the sound as finger nail clipping (which Perry's wife hates.) Congrats Hanka! You win a “Be Brainy About Your Beauty” Tshirt.
Listen to this week's show if you'd like to play again. This week's winner gets a special autographed photo of one of the Beauty Brains doing something unusual. All you have to do is be the first person to leave a comment correctly identifying the beauty-related noise.
Question of the week…Is animal testing still necessary?
Christina asks… As cosmetic scientists do you feel that animal testing is still relevant to gain data and create safe and effective products for consumers, or is it unneeded and irrelevant?
Is animal testing required?
The only place I could find that definitively required animal testing of cosmetics is China. Russia also requires animal testing but they have recently issued a statement saying they would accept alternative animal testing data. There are a number of countries who have specifically banned animal testing as related to cosmetic products. This includes the EU countries, Norway, Israel, Brazil, and India.
While animal testing is not mandated in countries such as the US, Australia, Canada and Japan, the information is from animal tests are accepted as suitable for demonstrating that a cosmetic meets health and safety standards. And for many aspects of product safety, there are no acceptable alternatives to animal testing. Therefore, although it's not mandated in some cases manufacturers have no alternative methods of safety testing,
Here is what the FDA says about animal testing of cosmetics….
“The FDA is responsible for assuring that cosmetics are safe and properly labeled. The FD&C Act does not specifically require the use of animals in testing cosmetics for safety, nor does the Act subject cosmetics to FDA premarket approval. However, the agency has consistently advised cosmetic manufacturers to employ whatever testing is appropriate and effective for substantiating the safety of their products. It remains the responsibility of the manufacturer to substantiate the safety of both ingredients and finished cosmetic products prior to marketing. Animal testing by manufacturers seeking to market new products may be used to establish product safety.”
So in a sense, for some types of cosmetic products animal testing is a de facto requirement in the US.
Why are products tested on animals?
Before the 1930s, Prior to the creation of the FDA, the cosmetic and drug industries were pretty much unregulated in the US. When in the 1930's there were a number of incidents in which people were blinded or even died due to using a drug or cosmetic, Congress passed the FD&C Act of 1938. This created the regulations for cosmetics that we follow today.
The FDA worked with industry to develop methods which could demonstrate product safety to the satisfaction of both government and industry which lead to the testing of cosmetics on animals. How could this have happened? Two reasons:
1. At that time, animal testing was the best model available for product safety testing. We didn't have the advanced in vitro testing methods we have today.
2. The majority of society had a different view about the treatment of animals back then. People just didn't look at the issue the same way. In the last several decades, Most people's views on animal rights have changed and scientists are working on creating alternatives to animal testing but the technology is slow to develop. We just haven't had enough technological development to replace all animal testing.
What kinds of animal are used in the development of cosmetic ?
There are 9 basic types of tests that historically have been done on animals:
Skin sensitization – tests for allergic reactions
Skin irritation – tests for reversible skin damage
Eye irritation – tests for reversible and permanent eye damage
Oral toxicity – determines how much of a substance ingested kills test subjects
Dermal toxicity – determines how much of a substance applied to skin for 24 hrs kills test subjects
Inhalation toxicity – determine the amount of a substance that kills test subjects when inhaled
Reproductive toxicity – tests for effects on reproductive health (mutagenicity?)
Developmental toxicity – tests for effects on fetus (teratogenicity?)
Carcinogencity – determines if an ingredient is likely to cause cancer.
There are also a large number of companies that still uses one or more of these tests: Here's a list that was last updated in Jan of 2014: http://www.thevegetariansite.com/ethics_test.htm
Can we completely eliminate animal testing?
People have made the claim that “eliminating animal testing of cosmetics is entirely feasible.” They point to the fact that the US does not specifically require animal testing (they don't) and the availability of animal testing alternative tests (some do exist). Scientists have developed many advanced alternatives to animal testing—tests that use human cell lines, artificial skin or computer models to test the safety of products. A number of companies employ these methods now reducing the amount of animal testing they do and in many cases eliminating it.
However, there remain types of animal tests which do not have validated animal free alternatives. For example, there are no replacements for inhalation toxicity tests. We haven't developed an artificial lung yet. There is nothing for repeat dose toxicity. And there are no validated tests for carcinogenicity. So, we can't yet eliminate cosmetic animal testing for those types of factors.
“Cruelty free” claims
How can a company claim a product is “cruelty free” or “not tested on animals? “ Easy – there is no law that defines requirements for these claims so companies are free to make up their own definitions. The simplest way to define cruelty free is something like “Our company does not test our products on any animals.”
But, manufacturers are still required by law to show that a product meets certain safety standards so here's how they do that:
1. Use animal testing alternatives – in vitro testing has come a long way and can be used to substantiate safety of certain ingredients. That's a no brainer.
2. Test on humans – Companies can do their safety testing on human volunteers typically patch testing for skin irritation. There are ethical limitations here of course you certainly wouldn't text toxicity on people.
3. Use ingredients & formulas that have already been tested on animals
Most of the 15,000+ ingredients in the INCI dictionary (the cosmetic ingredient Bible) have been previously tested for safety. Companies
can use ingredients who's safety was established by someone else. They then point to this data as proof of safety.
Conversely, avoid ingredients that are unknown for safety – Similarly a company can avoid ingredients that haven't been safety tested or are similar in structure to compounds that are known to have safety issues.
4. Lastly, and most sneaky, is to ask the supplier of the raw material to do the testing for you.
So the problem with these claims is that companies don't have to disclose HOW they support them. If you're really concerned, you need to do some digging to understand which of these 4 approaches they're using.
EU bans on animal testing loophole
I wanted to say something about the EU ban on animal testing which people may not realize. The EU instituted a ban on animal testing for cosmetic products in 2013 so, theoretically, you are not allowed to conduct any animal testing on a cosmetic product. However, companies are allowed to use supporting data that has already been generated to prove safety. And this means that if there was data about an ingredient used in another industry that would be acceptable. So if an ingredient is animal tested for a pharmaceutical application (not banned) that data can be used to prove the safety of it in a cosmetic. Yes, animal testing for cosmetic products is banned but there are ways for companies to get around this ban.
There is at least one organization trying to hold companies accountable to their “no animal testing” positions. The Leaping Bunny program was created by the Coalition for Consumer Information on Cosmetics' (CCIC). It's a list of companies that they certify as achieving their cruelty-free standard. If the Leaping Bunny folks deem them worthy of inclusion (after paying money to be certified) then they get to use the Leaping Bunny Logo on their packaging. According to the CCIC, the Leaping Bunny Program provides the best assurance that no new animal testing is used in any phase of product development by the company, its laboratories, or suppliers.
Of course, any company can put a bunny on their packaging and claim that they are “cruelty free.” It's very difficult for consumers to know who to believe.
Where to learn more
“Safety Evaluation Ultimately Replacing Animal Testing (SEURAT)”
http://www.seurat-1.eu
Review of alternatives to animal testing (EU)
http://tsar.jrc.ec.europa.eu/index.php?endpoint=6&method=4
FDA and animal testing
http://www.fda.gov/cosmetics/scienceresearch/producttesting/ucm072268.htm
List of animal tests
http://www.humanesociety.org/issues/cosmetic_testing/tips/common_cosmetics_tests_animals.html
Buy your copy of It's OK to Have Lead in Your Lipstick to learn more about:
Clever lies that the beauty companies tell you.
The straight scoop of which beauty myths are true and which are just urban legends.
Which ingredients are really scary and which ones are just scaremongering by the media to incite an irrational fear of chemicals.
How to tell the difference between the products that are really green and the ones that are just trying to get more of your hard earned money by labeling them “natural” or “organic.
Click here for all the The Beauty Brains podcasts.
Mr Blackmore is said to acknowledge having an extensive family Canadian police have charged the leaders of two rival religious sects in an isolated community with polygamy. Winston Blackmore was alleged to have had 20 wives, while James Oler is accused of having had two. Canadian law outlaws the practice. The two men lead fundamentalist breakaway Mormon sects in the town of Bountiful in British Columbia province. Mainstream Mormons gave up polygamy in the 1890s so Utah could enter the US. But the sect members believe that a man must have multiple wives to enter heaven. Rival groups The case was the first test of Canada's polygamy's laws, said British Columbia's attorney general, Wally Oppal. "This has been a very complex issue," they said. "It's been with us for well over 20 years. The problem has always been the defence of religion has always been raised." Mr Blackmore, 52, ran the Canadian branch of the Utah-based Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS) until 2003 when they were removed by that group's leader, Warren Jeffs. James Oler then took charge of Bountiful's FLDS congregation and Mr Blackmore went on to lead a rival group. Abuse allegations The Royal Canadian Mounted Police began investigating allegations of polygamy in the mountain community of Bountiful in 2005 and recommended charging the two men and possibly others. Two subsequent reviews by special prosecutors said the government should get a court ruling on the constitutionality of Canada's Victorian-era polygamy laws before pressing charges - in case they were dismissed as going against freedom of religion laws. A third special prosecutor, appointed by Mr Oppal in 2008, reviewed the cases and recommended pressing charges. The issue is complicated by allegations of sexual abuse related to the marriage of underage girls to older men. Former residents of Bountiful have alleged for more than 20 years that underage girls were being married to older men. RCMP Sgt Tim Shields said the force's investigation showed some girls were married "well before the age of 18". Mr Jeffs, the FLDS's American leader, is in jail in Arizona awaiting trial on charges of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor linked to the sect's practice of marrying young girls to church leaders. They have been convicted in Utah of being an accessory to rape for performing a wedding between a 19-year-old man and a 14-year-old girl.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2008 February 16
Large Binocular Telescope
Credit & Copyright: Stefan Seip (TWAN)
Explanation: With moonlight on the horizon, a starry sky and the northern Milky Way provide the background for this dramatic view of the World at Night. The imposing structure in the foreground houses the Large Binocular Telescope (LBT), on Mount Graham, Arizona. Inside, the two 8.4 meter diameter mirrors of the LBT really are side-by-side on a common mount, an arrangement mimicking the design of more modest optical equipment usually carried around the neck. While not exactly portable, the benefits of the large scale binocular configuration adopted include an increase in sensitivity over a single mirror telescope and high resolution imaging for faint objects over a relatively wide field of view. An international collaboration operates the LBT Observatory.
Logitech has released the K310, its first washable keyboard.
We're not just talking about “splash proof” either — you can take the K310, immerse it in up to 30cm of water (12in), and give it a good scrub. The only limitation is you can only use standard washing up liquid — oh, and Logitech says you should try to keep the USB connector out of the water, too. Once you've washed the keyboard, simply leave it to dry. The user guide says it takes eight hours to air dry, and that you shouldn't use a hair dryer. There are actually drainage holes on the backside of the K310, to help speed things along.
Beyond being washable, the K310 is a standard 104/105-key USB PC keyboard, with soggy rubber dome switches (boo). The switches are rated at five million cycles (yay), and the keys are laser cut so that the letters don't fade — if only washing clothes was so easy. The specs don't list Mac OS X as a supported OS, but in all likelihood the K310 works just fine. Don't try putting your Mac in the sink, though — if it's been at least 9 months, you're probably better off just buying a new one.
Logitech is actually fairly late to the washable keyboard party. HP, Kensington, and Unotron have all had washable keyboards on the market for a while — but in general, these are dull, black, clunky units that seem more oriented towards industrial and medical settings. It also isn't clear if these are open-air units (like normal keyboards), or if they're sealed (like the keyboards you've seen in McDonald's). The Logitech keyboard, on the other hand, is quite attractive and looks just like a normal, consumer-oriented keyboard.
So, there you have it — if you regularly spill Coke or other sticky and/or goopy fluids on your keyboard, or if you regularly shed a lot of body hair (like me), grab a Logitech K310. It goes on sale at the end of the month for $40. If you've never spilled Coke on your keyboard before, Logitech has provided a helpful, demonstrative video:
[[wysiwyg_imageupload:10145:]]
Following Superman, Batman and The Flash, it looks as if Aquaman is the next Justice League member to get the spotlight.
A live-action film has been rumored for some time, and now we hear word about an Aquaman animated movie.
DC Comics chief creative officer Geoff Johns confirmed news of an Aquaman animated movie, or at least one that will focus on the King of the Seven Seas.
Back in July, Johns said they would love to see Aquaman on the big screen; that featuring threats from the deep sea would be great to see.
Speaking of the big screen, most fans think David Goyer and Zack Snyder included an Aquaman Easter Egg in Man of Steel, when Clark was seen underwater (listen for it).
Geoff Johns also writes the Aquaman comic book with art currently by Paul Pelletier.
EARLIER in the year streaming giant Netflix announced it was going to begin efforts to block customers using a VPN from accessing its service.
Until then the company had been blissfully and conveniently inactive on the subject. After all, why would they want to spend time and money on something that is going to upset paying customers and hurt revenue?
But after feeling the pressure from rights holders and regulators Netflix CEO Reed Hastings announced the new crackdown — and the customer backlash shows no signs of subsiding.
This week Open Media penned a public letter to the Netflix CEO imploring them to reverse the initiative.
The crackdown has made it increasingly difficult for customers outside the US to access the superior catalogue available to those inside the company's home country. But it also means customers using a VPN due to concerns about their internet privacy are being kept out.
“Over the past few months, Netflix has begun blocking VPN users from accessing any content in the Netflix library, as a way to enforce national licensing restrictions,” the open letter reads. “This is a huge problem for our privacy-conscious supporters, who use VPNs as an essential, user-friendly tool to protect their privacy in a post-Snowden world.”
Nearly 45,000 people have signed the corresponding petition in support of the letter.
“We need easy, accessible, and effective tools to protect our privacy online while still enjoying the internet we love — and VPNs do just that,” the letter reads.
“We shouldn't have to choose between Netflix and privacy.”
Geoblocking has been a contentious issue in recent times. But advocates of the practice in Australia have had some unlikely support last month when the government's Productivity Commission called for the law to be clarified, making it legal for Australian to use VPNs to circumvent geoblockers.
“The use of geoblocking technology is pervasive, and frequently results in Australian consumers being offered a lower level of digital service (such as a more limited music or TV streaming catalogue) at a higher price than in overseas markets,” the report said.
By Andrew Benson
Raikkonen celebrates their unexpected title victory
Hamilton could finish only seventh, ending their attempt to make history by winning the title in their maiden season.
Problems with their McLaren put Hamilton to the back of the field early on.
Their team-mate Fernando Alonso's hopes were dashed as they finished third behind Raikkonen and the Finn's Ferrari team-mate Felipe Massa.
There was a late twist when it emerged race officials were investigating the fuel used by Williams and BMW Sauber, whose cars filled fourth, fifth and sixth places.
But the flight attendants decided to impose no penalty.
606: DEBATE
Finn Raikkonen, who has won two more races than anyone else this season, won the championship with 110 points, with Alonso and Hamilton tied on 109 points.
Hamilton ended the season in second place on countback, with one more second-place race finish than Alonso.
In the race, things started to go wrong for Hamilton from the start. As Massa eased into the lead from pole position, the Englishman was slow away from their second place on the grid, and was passed by Raikkonen before the first corner.
Then, as they entered the first turn, Alonso drew alongside Hamilton on the outside, claiming the inside line and third place as they went into the second part of the chicane.
Hamilton then unwisely and unnecessarily tried to re-pass their team-mate on the outside into the Subida da Lago corner at the end of the back straight.
They got onto the slippery outside of the track, and slid off into the run-off area, rejoining in eighth place.
Hamilton slides off the track after an error on the first lap
"I got a good start and was side by side with Felipe," said Raikkonen. "But the main thing was not to race with him, but get past Hamilton.
"I then saw Hamilton go off and I knew maybe we had a chance."
In itself, that error was not enough to end Hamilton's hopes of becoming champion, but worse was soon to come.
Hamilton quickly set about regaining places, but ran into more problems on lap eight, when they slowed almost to a halt as their car slipped out of gear.
The gearbox electronics corrected themselves, enabling Hamilton to get back on their way, but by then had lost more than 40 seconds, and was at the back of the field.
The Ferraris were in a race of their own in Brazil
In an attempt to ease their task, McLaren chose a radical three-stop strategy, the thinking presumably being that with a lighter car they would find it easier to overtake their rivals.
The teams have to use both of two types of tyre during the race.
And McLaren chose to get the slower, softer tyre out of the way early with a short second stint.
That way, they would be on the faster tyre at the end of the race when nearly all the other drivers were on the slower one.
But the strategy did not pay off.
Hamilton did get up into the points during their third stint but, once Raikkonen assumed the lead after passing Massa during the second pit-stop period, the Englishman needed to finish fifth to stay ahead of the Finn.
And although they drove flat out to the end of the race they simply ran out of time.
Alonso's hold on the title they have held for two years ended in a damp squib.
The Spaniard was never in contention for victory in a race that was dominated by the Ferraris.
And although they had the edge on everyone else, third place was not enough to stay ahead of Raikkonen in the standings.
Brazilian Grand Prix result after 71 laps of Interlagos track:
1. Kimi Raikkonen (Fin) Ferrari one hour 28 minutes 15.270 seconds
2. Felipe Massa (Brz) Ferrari 1.493 secs behind
3. Fernando Alonso (Spa) McLaren-Mercedes +57.019
4. Nico Rosberg (Ger) Williams-Toyota + 1:02.848
5. Robert Kubica (Pol) BMW Sauber +1:10.957
6. Nick Heidfeld (Ger) BMW Sauber +1:11.317
7. Lewis Hamilton (GB) McLaren-Mercedes one lap behind
8. Jarno Trulli (Ita) Toyota one lap
9. David Coulthard (GB) Red Bull-Renault one lap
10. Kazuki Nakajima (Jpn) Williams-Toyota one lap
11. Ralf Schumacher (Ger) Toyota one lap
12. Takuma Sato (Jpn) Super Aguri-Honda two laps
13. Vitantonio Liuzzi (Ita) Toro Rosso-Ferrari two laps
14. Anthony Davidson (GB) Super Aguri-Honda three laps
R Adrian Sutil (Ger) Spyker-Ferrari 43 laps completed
R Rubens Barrichello (Brz) Honda 40 laps
R Heikki Kovalainen (Fin Renault 35 laps
R Sebastian Vettel (Ger) Toro Rosso-Ferrari 34 laps
R Jenson Button (GB) Honda 20 laps
R Mark Webber (Aus) Red Bull-Renault 14 laps
R Sakon Yamamoto (Jpn) Spyker-Ferrari two laps
R Giancarlo Fisichella (Ita) Renault one lap
Key: R = retired
Seven dead includ­e five member­s of the same family.
GAZA CITY: A series of Israeli air strikes early Tuesday killed seven people in Gaza, including five members of the same family, emergency services spokesperson Ashraf al-Qudra said.
The deaths hike the total Palestinian toll to 583 since the Israeli military launched Operation Protective Edge on July 8 in a bid to stamp out rocket fire from Gaza.
Qudra said a strike on Deir el-Balah in central Gaza killed five family members, four of them women.
Another person was killed in a strike in nearby Nusseirat, and one more died in the southern city of Khan Yunis.
Many of those killed in the relentless Israeli campaign of shelling and airstrikes in the Gaza Strip have been women and children, medics say. On the Israeli side, 27 soldiers and two civilians have been killed.
World powers have urged Hamas to accept an Egyptian-brokered ceasefire and stop raining rockets into Israel from the Gaza Strip, demands it has so far resisted.
Read full story
The House Republican chairperson who oversees the Justice Department slammed President Barack Obama's huge new clemency initiative unveiled Wednesday, characterizing it as a symptom of the president's lawlessness, even though Obama has been stingier on pardons than their modern predecessors.
“In an unprecedented move to dramatically expand the clemency process for federal drug offenders, President Obama has again demonstrated their blatant disregard for our nation's laws and our system of checks and balances embedded in the U.S. Constitution,” Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) said in a statement Wednesday afternoon.
The initiative makes federal inmates — mostly non-violent drug offenders — eligible for clemency if they're serving longer sentences than they would if convicted today, and meet five other criteria. Goodlatte posited that it could apply to “drug offenders who may have possessed a firearm during the commission of their offense” and “[m]embers of gangs and drug trafficking organizations.”
In fact, Obama has granted clemency more rarely than their predecessors, including George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush and Ronald Reagan, according to an investigation by Pro Publica. The pardon power flows from Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution, which says the “President … shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in cases of impeachment.”
Goodlatte's spokesperson didn't immediately respond to a query about Obama's historically low clemency record.
“This pattern of President Obama picking and choosing which laws to enforce and which to change according to their whim is an alarming trend that must stop,” the member of congress said in their statement. “The Justice Department's mission is to ‘enforce the law and defend the interests of the United States according to the law,' not to re-write the laws and to endanger American communities.”
Medical Marijuana Arrests; Calif. Isn't Mellow Yet
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto.com iStockphoto.com
More than 30 people were arrested last week in San Diego on charges of illegally distributing marijuana — part of the city's crackdown on medical marijuana dispensaries.
California was the first state in the nation to legalize pot for medical use, back in 1996. But in the past year, the number of dispensaries all across the state has increased dramatically because of a relaxation in enforcement by the federal government.
Still, the recent raids in San Diego show that there's still plenty of disagreement over what's medical, and what's recreational, when it comes to smoking pot.
Dispensaries Under Suspicion
Mission Boulevard runs about a block from the Pacific Ocean and through the community of Mission Beach in San Diego. Until last week, it was home to the Green Cross Collective, a medical marijuana dispensary.
Now, that business has closed down and its owners face charges of illegal drug sales. Police responded to complaints from neighbors like Kat Ohlman.
"There was a time I was having dinner and one of these cars parked underneath my window," Ohlman says. "And it was a group of people who were talking about how they were anxious or couldn't wait for so-and-so to get back so they could get really messed up."
Green Cross Collective was one of 14 marijuana dispensaries shut down in San Diego County earlier this month. District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis says the undercover investigations that led to the raids revealed that these dispensaries were not medical at all.
"These so-called businesses are not legal," says Dumanis. "They appear to be run by drug dealers who see an opening in the market and a way to make a fast buck."
Most people would say that the last battleground for medical marijuana is San Diego.
Under California law, medical marijuana dispensaries must be nonprofit collectives. The pot is supposed to be grown and used only by members of the collective. Marijuana users must have a doctor's recommendation.
Dumanis said raids of the 14 dispensaries turned up guns and lots of cash. Financial records at one shop showed sales of $700,000 in six months. Police say the dispensaries were selling to anyone who walked in the door, a practice not in line with the spirit or the letter of the law.
"This was something that was sold the electorate as a proposition that was going to help those that were grievously ill," said Steve Walter, assistant district attorney. Walter says Proposition 215, which legalized medical marijuana in California, has become a bit of a joke. "I think the vast majority of people who are doing this are just doing it to get high," they said.
A History Of Conflict
San Diego County officials have a history of being uncomfortable, to say the least, with the legal sale of marijuana. The county Board of Supervisors filed suit to block the requirement that the county offer legal protection to medical marijuana users — pursuing the case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. Last May, they lost when the Supreme Court refused to hear their case.
San Diego attorney Patrick Dudley has represented people accused of illegal use of medical marijuana. "Most people would say that the last battleground for medical marijuana is San Diego," says Dudley.
Dudley says San Diego law enforcement has shown no inclination to help dispensaries understand how to follow the law. Their approach, they say, is to arrest first and ask questions later.
"In San Francisco and Los Angeles, other jurisdictions, there has definitely been some guidelines and approaches as to what's going to be allowed and what's not allowed," Dudley says. "In San Diego, from the county government to the district attorney's office, there has definitely been a zero-tolerance approach."
Out Of Step With The Rest Of The State?
San Francisco has an ordinance that regulates the location of marijuana dispensaries. They cannot be located within 1,000 feet of a school.
Los Angeles currently has a moratorium on the establishment of dispensaries. The L.A. City Council is considering an ordinance similar to the one in San Francisco. If adopted, it would require many dispensaries to close.
District attorneys are charged with enforcing state laws, and Joseph Esposito, with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office, says they do not believe that San Diego's crackdown is out of step with other California communities. They say that local officials in Los Angeles have also raided and closed approximately 40 dispensaries.
"But you've got to keep in mind: We have a lot of dispensaries here," Esposito says. "I think San Diego has a total of about 60. And we have somewhere between 800 and 1,000."
The San Diego City Council has voted to create a task force to examine ways to regulate medical marijuana storefronts. This week San Diego County voted to extend its moratorium on dispensaries in unincorporated areas until next summer. County officials say it will take that long to come up with a workable ordinance to permit and regulate the businesses.
You would never guess it from the US election. But for the third year running the world is on course to exceed a record temperature in 2016 — having suffered the hottest July in history last month. People are right to worry their children may not have it as good as they did. Yet the changing planet plays little role in their foreboding. By any barometer, US politics has hit extreme weather in 2016, yet global warming ranks near the bottom on the list of voter concerns. Illegal immigration, on the other hand, is near the top, even though net inflows came to a halt five years ago. Is democracy on course to duck the biggest challenge of our age?
In the near future it surely will. It would be simplistic to lay all the blame on Donald Trump. The Republican nominee dismisses human-made global warming as a hoax concocted by China to increase its trade surplus with the US. They have also done more than any figure to demonise Hispanic immigrants.
Yet voter concerns would probably be little different if Mr Trump had not entered politics at all. Most of us encounter life through our day-to-day problems. Politics, like charity, begins at home. It is natural to worry more about your job security, or your family's healthcare, than about the grander themes of our time. Questions of war and peace rarely alter US elections. Why should meteorology?
If you pause to think about it, the answer is obvious. Global warming is no longer just a documentary film by Al Gore. It is affecting our daily lives in a growing number of ways. Last month, America's east coast suffered from an unusually long “heat dome” — summer temperatures so high the authorities in New York, Washington and elsewhere urged people to keep their children inside and stay well hydrated. My home in Washington was hit by two nights of electricity outage. The power company's crew said they expected many more such cuts. Their underground cables were not designed to withstand so many days of daytime temperatures near 100F (38C).
People living in southern California, which has suffered from a rise in the ferocity of wildfires; Louisiana, which earlier this month was flooded by “once-in-a-thousand-year” rainfall; or large tracts of midwest America, where drought is no longer freakish, are feeling the anecdotal force of climate change. Westerners may find it hard to identify with people in the Gulf, where years of growing heat intensity threaten to make it uninhabitable. But they feel the impact when insurance rates shoot up in low-lying coastal areas, such as Florida, Alabama and even New Jersey.
Climate alarm is no longer a monopoly of environmentalists. Earlier this month, Zillow, an online property site, forecast that one in eight homes in Florida would be underwater by the end of the century. You might want to think twice about buying that beachfront home in Miami. The big reinsurance companies last month called on Washington to take urgent steps to stop catastrophe, which threatens to make nonsense of their risk models. Meanwhile, farmers in the midwest fret about the uncertainty of “extreme weather”. But can voters connect the dots? Will their experience of climate change translate into public action?
Comment Relax about robots but worry over climate change Technology doesn't advance quickly and that is why new ideas are vital, writes Robin Harding
There are two big obstacles. The first is that voters increasingly distrust experts nowadays. Whether it is fear about the side-effects of vaccines on children, the impact of fluoride in drinking water, or climate change forecasts, scepticism about science has been rising in the past few years. There is no way most people will ever have the time, or the education, to understand climate science. If we distrust those who do, we will not hear what they say. Scientists have consistently said that global warming will take place unevenly, unpredictably and by step-change rather than on a linear curve. That means next year may be less hot than this year. It will not mean that global warming is a hoax. Here is one prediction: next time it snows in Washington DC, several US senators will send tweets mocking global warming.
Second, people are afraid that doing something about global warming will make them poorer. Terms such as “carbon tax” imply a higher cost of living. This makes the politics very hard. To avoid the word tax, governments have resorted to far less efficient remedies such as cap and trade schemes, which are floundering in Europe, California and elsewhere, since they are run by bureaucrats and vulnerable to lobbying. It would be far better to let the market decide how to cut emissions by putting a price on carbon. In theory, the solution is easy. For every dollar raised from carbon, we should receive a dollar in tax cuts — or better still, have it rebated in our tax returns. The purpose should not be to raise money but to cut emissions.
Will the 2016 election make any difference? Forecasting short-term politics is harder than long-term weather. But it is safe to say the hidden costs of climate change — the federal disaster relief, higher insurance rates, bigger levees and so on — will only grow. Most global risk warnings for 2016 put a Trump win high on their lists. We will know about that soon enough. By contrast, it could take years before the public reaches a verdict on global warming, by which time we may be reaping the whirlwind.
edward.luce@ft.com
Deborah Wagnon, an entertainment lawyer and associate professor of contracts and intellectual property at Middle Tennessee State University, said that without a criminal claim, Kesha has “a difficult road” ahead if they are still seeking to separate themselves from Dr. Luke.
“Do they want to have a career and go forward?” Ms. Wagnon said. “Then they need to record under their agreement until they can get free via a creative contractual option,” such as a third-party buyout.
Kesha, too, sees a path forward through music.
After years of dormancy, during which they claimed their career had been punitively “put on hold by Dr. Luke,” Kesha has recently re-emerged on tour, shoring up their finances and public support, singing “You Don't Own Me” and “I Shall Be Released” as fans chant furiously against Dr. Luke. In August, they began publicly expressing a desire to release a new album as soon as possible, even as their deal with Dr. Luke remained in place.
“Kesha has been trying for six months to record and release new music,” Daniel Petrocelli, a lawyer for Kesha, said in a statement. But they said that progress had been made only in the last month, adding: “It is hardly enough. Kesha still has received no commitments on promotion, songs or even a release date. We hope things turn around fast.”
Christine Lepera, a lawyer for Dr. Luke, called Kesha's return to the stage and studio “a significant retreat” after their efforts to get out of their contracts were denied.
“She had stopped their own career; no one else did,” Ms. Lepera said in an interview. “For them to say, ‘Now I'm ready, so let's hurry up' — they could have been doing this all along.”
I wasn't nervous when I typed out the Facebook status. I wasn't nervous when I hit the enter key, nor when I immediately began receiving calls and texts and comments. Honestly, I wasn't feeling much of anything because, with two close friends by my side, I'd consumed an entire bottle of red wine—okay, more like two. It was Christmas Eve, 2015, and with a brain humming on Cabernet, I'd just publically come out as non-binary.
When I was young, I often thought about what it would feel like to be a boy. Not with regard to how I would be treated by others. I simply wanted to have a male body…some of the time, at least. And yet I truly appreciated aspects of the female body I had. For a kid in elementary school, this was very confusing—growing up is mystifying enough without the added puzzle of gender identity.
By the time I was around nine years old, I knew I wasn't exclusively attracted to boys. I didn't yet know the word "queer," let alone anything about gender identity—my Syracuse, New York elementary school wasn't exactly discussing gender normativity. And I wasn't daring enough to experiment with my gendered appearance—I've been laden with social anxiety my entire life, so standing out in a way that I knew could attract negative attention seemed counterintuitive at best and foolish at worst.
I only began investigating my curiosity when I got to college. After hours of combing through message boards and LGBTQ-centric sites, I realized that on top of being queer, I identified considerably with men. It had nothing to do sports, beer, or bro hugs. To be frank, I realized that, among other things, when I watched straight porn I saw myself from the male perspective.
Your brain can protect you from so much, even when what it's protecting you from is your own identity.
So I came halfway out of the closet, telling a few close friends, who were generally supportive albeit confused—they considered my love of makeup and fashion to be the antithesis of anything other than a cisgender female identity. I also discussed it my then-boyfriend, but while they tried to be supportive, my inner questioning intensified the already detrimental issues within our relationship, and we broke up.
The only way I knew how to express my difficult-to-name identity—the only way I could think to do so—was to look more androgynous. I started shopping in the men's section of my favorite stores. I contemplated cutting all my long, blue hair off, but determined that my face would look too round (I later became a beauty editor, so the assessment was very on-brand).
I also bought a cheap binder to strap down my chest, though I only ever wore it in private. The first time I put it on, zipping myself into it felt exciting…and then anticlimactic. I have 34E/F breasts that are beyond difficult to conceal. And even when I applied makeup in ways I felt made me look more masculine—again, privately—I would study myself in the mirror and simply feel disappointed. I felt like I didn't—I couldn't—fit the androgynous ideal that so often came up when I Googled "genderqueer" or "non-binary people." 22-year-old me didn't have the perspective to recognize that fitting into a specific standard shouldn't be intrinsic to one's identity.
So, as college came to a close, I went back into the closet. I opted out of my own evolution because I didn't feel adequate enough to continue. I've suffered from clinical depression, eating disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder for most of my life, so transitional periods are always a bit tumultuous for me, and this was no different. I tossed away the binder and the men's clothes, I stopped attempting to contour my face in a masculine way, and I let my inclinations drift to the back of my mind. Your brain can protect you from so much, even when what it's protecting you from is your own identity.
Years later, once I had established myself in New York and found a community of friends who welcomed discussion on such issues, who asked preferred pronouns and respected all genders, I experienced an important self-discovery: I don't need to look a certain way to identify, and to feel, the way that I do. My identity and its expression are separate, and at times may even appear to contradict one another. Yes, I wear a lot of makeup, but beauty doesn't need to be ascribed to just one gender.
We're in the midst of a generational realization, a collective acceptance of gender's spectrum. While I love the progress made in pop culture and the beauty industries, and how at ease that has made me with my own identity, it's important to acknowledge that I have a significant amount of privilege. Not only do I look generally feminine, but I also am typically perceived as white (my father is Latino and my mother is Caucasian), so I don't face the types of discrimination queer, non-binary people—particularly folks of color—often do. Given the only recent visibility of non-binary identities, there isn't a ton of data on the subject. But in a 2008 survey by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and the National Center for Transgender Equality of 6,450 transgender and gender nonconforming people, twenty percent identified as "part time as one gender, part time as another" while thirteen percent identified as "a gender not listed here." (The rest either identified as male or as female.) The survey revealed key common experiences among gender nonconforming individuals, such as the finding that seventy percent had experienced harassment and discrimination at school.
I don't need to look a certain way to identify, and to feel, the way that I do.
I am overwhelmingly lucky and privileged not to have experienced harassment in the workplace, in school, or on public transit based on my gender identity. But there is such a long way to go before acceptance—and, if North Carolina's laws are any indication, even acknowledgment—of non-binary and trans people becomes the standard.
After months of soul-searching and friend-consulting on my long-suppressed feelings, I wrote a piece for one of my favorite feminist sites about how I had spent so much time censoring my queer and non-binary identity around straight acquaintances, coworkers, and even loved ones. When it was published, I was thrilled at the positive responses.
Lunchtime logic: "I publicly came out today, I deserve a cookie"
Jk I always deserve cookies pic.twitter.com/sBDxdWmwkc — Sam H. Escobar (@myhairisblue) December 4, 2015
I didn't post the article to my personal Facebook page—I wasn't ready to declare my identity to family or friends outside of New York. All I could imagine was a group of old friends from college, most of whom I've lost touch with, some of whom I dated at one point or another, mocking me. So I did what I often do when I get anxious: I planned.
I decided to write a long post on Facebook with a link to the article, rounded out with counterpoints to every critique I imagined someone could posit. I would call my parents beforehand and explain it to them—again, with answers to any hypothetical question. My instinct has always been to become defensive even prior to being criticized—a trait honed by years of anxiety and insecurities.
At the same time, I've also historically abandoned all those instincts and trusted my impulses when the mood is right and the wine glass is full. So it's no surprise that, on Christmas Eve, as I sat in my friend's apartment with them and, oddly enough, our mutual ex-boyfriend—a strange story for another day—I typed out the following: "I identify as queer and non-binary. I prefer they and them pronouns. This is me coming out." And then I pressed enter.
Almost immediately, friends from high school and college flooded my phone with kind words. My high-school ex called first, telling me how proud they are. My best friend since the eighth grade sent me dozens of heart emojis and supportive texts. Sure, I received a few sarcastic, even negative comments from people I went to college with—primarily male friends of an ex I no longer communicate with. But I knew that this was the best possible route I could've taken to be fully open. Like diving into a pool rather than toe-testing the waters, I felt relieved and refreshed all at once.
It wasn't without its pitfalls. The following day, I had a long talk with my mother, one of the most important people in my life. I'd always been nervous discussing my queerness with them for fear it would make them uncomfortable. She's not homophobic, but they worry that I'll be discriminated against by people who are, which translates to discomfort. Who knows how she'd take my non-binary identity?
Sure enough, while the Facebook status was the right route for me, it was overwhelming for her—a consequence I felt selfish for not having thought of. So I screenshot all of the wonderful comments I received on Twitter and Facebook and removed my original post. I initially felt defeated, but the positive feelings from the post and its responses were just as present post-deletion as prior-.
I'm still working on being upfront with people who don't know my gender identity—a tricky thing that comes with its own set of pros and cons. They may question why I don't shave my legs or ask for a deeper explanation when I tell them my preferred pronouns, occasionally with a hint of rudeness. "Are you planning on transitioning?" is one of my least favorite yet most frequently asked questions. And they may feel confused that I don't, say, look like Ruby Rose or another androgynous celebrity.
But rude strangers don't stare or take photos of me the way they sometimes shamelessly do to non-binary and trans people—in fact, most people would never realize I don't identify as female unless I explicitly explain it or if they follow me on social media. I am fortunate that, for the most part, I get to establish my identity on my own terms.
I do have plans to eventually look quite different than I currently do, but those are steps I'm going to take as steps, not gigantic leaps. Those closest to me are aware of these goals, but as much as diving headfirst worked for coming out, my gender expression is an entirely different ballgame.
Still, as corny and cliché as it sounds, I know that if and when I do, I'll be able to count on the support system I've built around me to accept me as I am.
Follow Sam on Instagram and Twitter.
Spread the love
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (The Rutherford Institute)— Attorneys for The Rutherford Institute have sued Virginia police and other government officials after a request to carry out a “welfare check” on a 58-year-old man resulted in a two-hour, SWAT team-style raid on the man's truck, a wrongful arrest, and a 72-hour mental health hold.
According to the complaint, police acknowledged that they had no legal basis nor probable cause for detaining Virginia resident Benjamin Burruss, who was preparing to depart on a camping/hunting trip to Montana, given that they had not threatened to harm anyone and was not mentally ill.
Nevertheless, a heavily armed police tactical team confronted Burruss, surrounded their truck, deployed a “stinger” device behind the rear tires, launched a flash grenade, smashed the side window in order to drag them from the truck, handcuffed and searched him, and transported them to a local hospital for a psychiatric evaluation and mental health hold.
The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Virginia, against the County of Albemarle and five Albemarle County Police officers charges government officials with violating the Fourth and Fourteenth Amendments as well as state law.
“This is just one more example of how a relatively benign situation (a routine welfare check) gets escalated into something far more violent and dangerous through the use of militarized police, armed to the teeth and trained to react combatively,” said constitutional attorney John W. Whitehead, president of The Rutherford Institute and author of Battlefield America: The War on the American People . “The unnecessary use of force by police officers in response to a situation that should have—and could have—been handled non-confrontationally did not, in this instance, result in a loss of life, but that is small consolation to those who have learned to tread cautiously in their interactions with police.”
According to the complaint, on Nov. 21, 2013, Albemarle County police officers were contacted by Benjamin Burruss's employer and asked to conduct a “welfare check” on Burruss, who was reportedly “stressed” over work and marital difficulties. Police confronted Burruss, who was wearing camouflage pants and a bright orange hunting cap, as they were leaving the Comfort Inn and preparing to leave for a hunting trip to Montana.
Burruss informed officers that they were fine, had no plans to hurt anyone, and just needed time to think through things, hence the trip to Montana. For two hours, officers persisted in asking Burruss to exit their truck and speak with them, with Burruss continuing to reiterate that they had no intention of harming themselves or others and just wanted to be left alone and allowed to go on their hunting trip. During this time, police deployed a “stinger” device behind Burruss's truck, which would puncture the truck's tires and immobilize it if Burruss attempted to drive off. Police also surrounded Burruss's truck with their squad cars, blocking their exit.
Despite the fact that the officer speaking with Burruss informed the other officers that they had no reason to hold Burruss because they had not threatened to harm anyone and they were not mentally ill, police requested an Emergency Custody Order (ECO). Once the ECO was obtained, a tactical team of heavily-armed police launched a flash grenade at Burruss' truck, smashed the driver-side window, dragged Burruss out by their arms, handcuffed, searched and arrested him.
Burruss was then taken to the University of Virginia Hospital to undergo a psychiatric evaluation and locked up under a 72-hour mental health hold. In filing suit on Burruss' behalf, Rutherford Institute attorneys are alleging that police used excessive force in violation of Burruss' Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights.
For nearly two decades in B.C., conflict has been part of public school students' educational experience.
Strife between the 41,000-member B.C. Teachers' Federation and the provincial government was a backdrop to students' time in the classroom and on occasion interrupted it. For some students, the long-running dispute between the Liberal government and the BCTF – bookended by legislation introduced in 2002 and a Supreme Court of Canada decision in 2016 – lasted their entire school career.
During a televised leaders' debate on April 27, NDP Leader John Horgan highlighted that timeline.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: Who's who in the backrooms of the B.C. election campaigns
"You've never apologized to the kids who lost a generation of educational opportunity," Mr. Horgan said to Liberal Leader Christy Clark.
"You've never apologized to their parents, you've never apologized to teachers – will you do that today, will you apologize to the kids, the generation, that you stole?"
In response, Ms. Clark said education is the most important investment government can make and highlighted B.C. students' academic achievement.
"Our kids in B.C. are No. 1 in reading, in international comparisons around the world, number two in science, number six in math," Ms. Clark said.
"And as a result of the agreement we came to with the BCTF, we are adding just about 3,000 teachers to classrooms, which I think will make it even better."
Those teachers are being hired following a court decision that requires the Liberal government to restore contract provisions stripped from teachers' contracts in 2002.
Story continues below advertisement
But has the long-running tension between government and teachers affected results and if so, how?
Here's a look at some of the benchmarks.
Completion rate
This indicator looks at the proportion of public school students who graduate within six years of enrolling in Grade 8. B.C.'s rate has improved during the time the Liberals have been in power, climbing from 76.5 per cent in 2002 to 83.2 per cent in 2016.
The completion rate has also climbed for specific groups of students within the system: The rate for aboriginal students climbed from 42.5 per cent in 2002 to 64.4 per cent in 2016. The rate for special-needs students rose from 32.5 per cent to 66.2 per cent over the same period. For English Language Learners, the rate rose from 79.1 per cent to 87.1 per cent.
With thousands of special education teachers, counsellors and teacher-librarians headed into classrooms, the rate could be expected to rise further in coming years.
Story continues below advertisement
The BCTF says B.C.'s completion rate reflects the skills and dedication of a diminished work force and shouldn't be used to gloss over gaps in the system.
Academics
In citing B.C. students' scores in reading, science and math, Ms. Clark looked to the Programme for International Student Assessment.
Run every three years by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, PISA is a survey that tests reading, science and math skills of 15-year-old students around the world.
It was first administered in 2000 in 32 countries. The sixth and most recent assessment, for 2015, involved 72 countries. In Canada, about 20,000 students from 900 schools from 10 provinces participated.
In PISA 2015, B.C. Grade 10 students ranked first among OECD countries in reading, second in science and sixth in math. In the preceding survey, for 2012, B.C. students ranked second in reading, third in science and 10th in math.
PISA is not without controversy. The BCTF and other critics have raised concerns about the survey's narrow focus and its impact on government policies, including an increased focus on standardized tests and a corresponding increase in stress levels for students and teachers.
Additionally, teachers and students say the statistics don't tell the whole story of the tumult caused by the fight over staffing levels.
The student
Madeleine Freedman is one of thousands of B.C. students whose time in school dovetailed with the legal dispute.
Them experience included crowded classrooms – they recall eight portables at their high school, Lord Tweedsmuir Secondary in Surrey – and not being able to get into their chosen electives, because they were full. (Crowding remains an issue in Surrey.)
In 2012, when teachers' job action hit extracurricular activities, they missed training for sports meets.
Now attending the University of Toronto, they were in Grade 12 in June, 2014, when teachers went on strike. They ended up graduating late, in January the following year, because they didn't have access to teaching support for an online course they were taking as an elective.
Madeleine Freedman, 21, poses for a photograph in Toronto. Christopher Katsarov/For The Globe and Mail
They wrote a provincial exam for the course in June and got 98 per cent. But because they hadn't officially filed plans to "challenge" exam before they took it, they were required to complete the course work – which required a teacher to mark assignments, something that wasn't available while teachers were on strike.
The university allowed them to start in September despite not having officially completed high school, Ms. Freedman said. They won a District Dogwood Authority Award – a $1,250 voucher to put toward post-secondary education – but it was revoked, because they failed to graduate by August of the year in which it was rewarded.
 They are currently working on a degree in Canadian studies, with minors in Indigenous studies and human geography, and hopes to go to law school. They recall friends worrying about report cards, university admissions and grades.
"The [labour dispute] has impacted a lot of us and is a big issue in the upcoming election," they said in an e-mail.
The teacher
Nancy Palejko is a high school teacher in Vancouver. They teach French and Spanish to students in Grades 9 through 12.
A lengthy dispute A brief history of the battle over B.C. education: 2002 Liberals pass bills that remove class size and composition language and prevent teachers from negotiating those issues in future contracts. 2005 Government extends the three-year contract that was imposed in 2002, with no wage increase. Teachers vote in favour of a strike and walk off the job in October. They return to work later that month. 2006 The BC Teachers' Federation and the B.C. Public School Employers' Association reach a five-year deal that includes a one-time signing bonus and a wage increase. 2010 The BCTF files a court challenge to the 2002 legislation. 2011 B.C. Supreme Court Justice Susan Griffin finds the 2002 legislation was unconstitutional and gives the government a year to fix it. The government does not appeal. 2012 Government brings in Bill 22, the Education Improvement Act. Teachers walk out for three days over contract concerns. 2013 BCTF files a court challenge to the new bill. 2014 Justice Griffin finds the replacement bill was virtually identical to previous legislation. They also find the government bargained in bad faith with the union and tried to goad it into a strike. The province appeals this decision. Teachers go on strike in June; the dispute carries into the new school year. In September, the BCTF and the government reach a six-year deal that expires in 2019; it allows for renegotiation depending on the outcome of court cases. 2015 B.C. Court of Appeal overturns Justice Griffin's 2014 decision. The BCTF seeks leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada. November, 2016 The Supreme Court of Canada upholds the 2014 Griffin decision, citing the dissenting opinion of Justice Ian Donald from the Court of Appeal ruling. The Supreme Court of Canada's decision restores nearly 1,400 clauses across 60 collective agreements. January, 2017 Government and BCTF reach an interim agreement for $50-million for up to 1,100 full-time employees during the 2016-2017 school year. February, 2017 Provincial budget includes $740-million over three years for education. March, 2017 Government and BCTF reach a deal to restore contract language. School districts start the process of hiring staff and reorganizing classrooms.
They started teaching in 2001 and followed the court case as it unfolded.
That labour dispute has not been the only sore point in the education sector. There are also long-standing tensions over the pace of seismic upgrades and education funding. The Liberal government says funding is at record levels; advocates say it falls short of what is required to cover costs, including supplies.
In its pre-budget submission in November, 2016, the select standing committee on finance and government services – made up of MLAs from both the NDP and the Liberals – said numerous groups raised issues related to "adequacy, predictability and allocation of funding." The committee acknowledged the need for "predictable, stable and adequate funding for K-12 education, and the need for a review of the current funding formula."
Ms. Palejko is optimistic about the changes that will result from restored contract language. Right now, their classes routinely run to 30 students. Of those, up to five might have special needs recognized by the school district, another five might be learning English as second language and another handful might have behavioural or learning difficulties that are not officially designated and therefore get no additional classroom support.
"So in any given class, I might have anywhere from five to 15 students who are having trouble focusing, understanding the English, keeping up the thread of what is going on," Ms. Palejko says.
"It's difficult to make it truly apparent how little time this problematic composition leaves for things like one-on-one time for each student," they say.
Under restored contract language, some of their classes will be capped at around 24 students and others at 28. There will be also be restrictions on how many special education students can be in respective classes.
"When I have a smaller class, I can spend the extra minute as opposed to the extra second – it's not like I need 20 minutes with each kid, I just need two – you can actually have a big talk in two minutes."
MORE FROM THE GLOBE AND MAIL:
Disenfranchised grief is grief that is not recognized by society. One MAJOR type of disenfranchised grief that I often mention is the result of stillbirths and miscarriages.
A grief for one who had no connections in life. No schoolmates, no friends, no co-workers … all of which translates to no funeral. A grief that can't be shared.
A grief to be borne solely by the ones who conceived. A grief that is carried by the one who may now feel guilt upon silent grief because they miscarried.
This is a grief that is often carried alone. A grief that is too often complicated by guilt. A grief that is private and difficult to share. A grief for a nameless soul.
Yet, there is a movement to recognize this grief. I've seen the movement. Mothers who have miscarried call us at the funeral home and request some public funeralization for their miscarried/stillborn child. Some even request a public viewing if the child is far enough along in it's development. This movement to have funerals — whether through a funeral home or simply in a small private service — is a movement that provides a positive outlet for the grief of the parents and siblings. It recognizes a traditionally disenfranchised grief.
So, why isn't there a movement to memorialize abortions? Here are some reasons why abortions might not be memorialized:
Obviously, the political contentiousness of the topic doesn't help.
There's the idea that the fetus is not a thing to be grieved.
There's guilt factors,
there's shame factors (one-night stands, rape, incest),
and there's trimester factors (the fetus could have been only a couple weeks old).
And, there's the fact that abortions are VERY private decisions, that aren't meant for public appraisal. How much would a woman / couple be shamed, guilted, chastised and questioned if there was a public funeral for an abortion?
And yet we have this from a discussion thread at Steady Health:
I am 31 and desperately wanted to have a child with my partner. Last month I found out that I was pregnant and I was surprised to feel absolutely nothing positive about the fact. After the initial shock wore off all I felt was indifference, fear and depression. The sight of women with babies etc. provoked feelings of nausea… I took this to mean that I didn't actually want the baby and last week i had an abortion. Now that my body is returning to its normal state I feel exactly the way that i did before I found out that I was pregnant! I don't understand how it's possible to feel so emotionally estranged from myself during pregnancy. Is it possible that this happened because of pregnancy hormones? I feel like my body betrayed me. I wanted that baby. Has anyone else experienced anything similar to this? It's very disturbing…
And this was one of the nearly 100 replies — most of similar nature — to the above post:
same feelings of regret and grief. i have always wanted a family more than anything, am in a committed loving relationship and would even go so far as to say that I disagree with abortion – and yet, i fell pregnant unplanned, got scared at the timing of it all and the consequences of it, and before i knew it, I'd done it.I cry a lot. I feel empty inside, like there is a big hole inside of me that won't go away. I feel the desire to have another baby, soon, after my wedding, earlier than we had ever planned. I ache all the time and it's as though my body misses being pregnant (even though I was so sick). I'll be having a happy day and then suddenly i'll break down into a flood of tears, racking sobs that shake my whole body and i feel an indescribable ache in my chest. I too have recently had an abortion and am I having thosei have always wanted a family more than anything, am in a committed loving relationship and would even go so far as to say that I disagree with abortion – and yet, i fell pregnant unplanned, got scared at the timing of it all and the consequences of it, and before i knew it, I'd done it.I feel the desire to have another baby, soon, after my wedding, earlier than we had ever planned. I ache all the time and it's as though my body misses being pregnant (even though I was so sick). I worry that when i do have another baby that it won't fix the real problem of the baby that I made the decision not to keep.
One of the problems with politicizing abortion is that when it becomes part of a platform we forget that there are REAL people involved, who are parting with a REAL part of themselves and who will likely experience some type of REAL grief.
Now, I understand that just as some don't experience grief over miscarriages so not everyone will experience grief over an abortion.
Yet, it IS important to recognize that abortions may likely cause a type of disenfranchised grief that if not recognized will cause psychological difficulty. And if the grief goes unexpressed, may cause intense, unintended emotional consequences.
It's time to give talk about our abortions to people we can trust. And it's okay to grieve apart of you that is no more.
Stop wrangling over global warming and instead reduce fossil-fuel use for the sake of the global economy.
That's the message from two scientists, one from the University of Washington and one from the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom, who say in the current issue of the journal Nature (Jan. 26) that the economic pain of a flattening oil supply will trump the environment as a reason to curb the use of fossil fuels.
"Given our fossil-fuel dependent economies, this is more urgent and has a shorter time frame than global climate change," says James W. Murray, UW professor of oceanography, who wrote the Nature commentary with David King, director of Oxford's Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment.
The "tipping point" for oil supply appears to have occurred around 2005, says Murray, who compared world crude oil production with world prices going back to 1998. Before 2005, supply of regular crude oil was elastic and increased in response to price increases. Since then, production appears to have hit a wall at 75 million barrels per day in spite of price increases of 15 percent each year.
"As a result, prices swing wildly in response to small changes in demand," the co-authors wrote. "Others have remarked on this step change in the economies of oil around the year 2005, but the point needs to be lodged more firmly in the minds of policymakers."
For those who argue that oil reserves have been increasing, that more crude oil will be available in the future, the co-authors wrote: "The true volume of global proved reserves is clouded by secrecy; forecasts by state oil companies are not audited and appear to be exaggerated. More importantly, reserves often take 6 -- 10 years to drill and develop before they become part of the supply, by which time older fields have become depleted."
Production at oil fields around the world is declining between 4.5 percent and 6.7 percent per year, they wrote.
"For the economy, it's production that matters, not how much oil might be in the ground," Murray says. In the U.S., for example, production as a percentage of total reserves went from 9 percent to 6 percent in the last 30 years.
"We've already gotten the easy oil, the oil that can be produced cheaply," they say. "It used to be we'd drill a well and the oil would flow out, now we have to go through all these complicated and expensive procedures to produce the oil."
The same is true of alternative sources such as tar sands or "fracking" for shale gas, Murray says, where supplies may be exaggerated and production is expensive. Take the promise of shale gas and oil: A New York Times investigative piece last June reported that "the gas may not be as easy and cheap to extract from shale formations deep underground as the companies are saying, according to hundreds of industry e-mails and internal documents and an analysis of data from thousands of wells."
Production at shale gas wells can drop 60 to 90 percent in the first year of operation, according to a world expert on shale gas who was one of the sources for the commentary piece. Murray and King built their commentary using data and information from more than 15 international and U.S. government reports, peer-reviewed journal articles, reports from groups such as the National Research Council and Brookings Institution and association findings.
Stagnant oil supplies and volatile prices take a toll on the world economy. Of the 11 recessions in the U.S. since World War II, ten were preceded by a spike in oil prices, the commentary noted.
"Historically, there has been a tight link between oil production and global economic growth," the co-authors wrote. "If oil production can't grow, the implication is that the economy can't grow either."
Calculations from the International Monetary Fund, for example, say that to achieve a 4 percent growth in the global economy in the next five years, oil production must increase about 3 percent a year.
"Yet to achieve that will require either an heroic increase in oil production, ... increased efficiency of oil use, more energy-efficient growth or rapid substitution of other fuel sources," according to the commentary. "Economists and politicians continually debate policies that will lead to a return to economic growth. But because they have failed to recognize that the high price of energy is a central problem, they haven't identified the necessary solutions: weaning society off fossil fuel."
The commentary concludes: "This will be a decades-long transformation and we need to start immediately. Emphasizing the short-term economic imperative from oil prices must be enough to push governments into action now."
Top vote-getters in best U.S. president ranking First - Abraham Lincoln (1861-1865) Second - George Washington (1789-1797) Third - Ronald Reagan (1981-1989) Fourth - George H.W. Bush (1989-1993) Fifth - Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-1945)
The votes have been counted and readers agree that Abraham Lincoln was this country's best president. (You can see teh complete final tally below.)
Last week, the U-T San Diego Editorial Board offered its list of the top five U.S. presidents and readers were invited to cast votes for their choices in an online poll. The U-T list, which had our 16th president as the number one pick, came about after passionate reaction to our July 22 commentary on the five worst presidents in U.S. history. Readers suggested we accentuate the positive, so we did. Response to “Our Mount Rushmore” was also intense.
While many of you agreed with our choice of Lincoln, George Washington and Franklin Delano Roosevelt, there was varied reaction to the inclusion of Ronald Reagan (third) and George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush (tied for fifth).
Readers expressed amazement, disbelief and disappointment that either Bush could be chosen over presidents such as Thomas Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt.
We can now admit that while we believe both the senior and younger Bush were good presidents who will be treated more kindly by history than by current analysts, their inclusion on the list was a provocative effort to stimulate community discussion – and it certainly did.
“I'm not one who would relegate George W. Bush to a “Worst” list, but to place them (and Bush Sr.) on the ‘Best' list is ridiculous,” wrote Chapulina “Cat” Ramos of Lakeside. “Ahead of Thomas Jefferson? Ahead of Truman, Eisenhower, JFK? You would kick Teddy Roosevelt off Mt. Rushmore in favor of the Bushes? Really? In all honesty, Clinton should be rated higher than either Bush.”
Some readers found the choices humorous.
Marla Bell of Mission Valley wrote: “I have finally picked myself up off the floor – was laughing so hard at pick #5 (tie) of the Bushes. Bush 2 presided over the largest expansion of entitlement programs in our history by expanding Medicare and the prescription drug debacle. ... I agree with your picks #1-4 wholeheartedly! However, I would have added Bill Clinton – NAFTA passage and major welfare reform (among others) – to the list.” Bell also thought John F. Kennedy should have been considered “for real pro-growth policies they championed. Their notable accomplishments include cutting tax rates, starting the investment tax credit ... and pushing for tariff cuts.”
Tom Leech of San Diego wrote that others “undoubtedly will query as to how you could have ignored so many of our super past presidents, James Madison, Andrew Jackson, Grover Cleveland, Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson to note a few, and boosted George W ahead of them, but I spotted the clever satirical touch of your selection crew.”
Charles L. Short of Escondido, citing a 2009 C-SPAN survey of historians and professional observers, noted that Harry S Truman deserved a spot on the top five list. “(Truman) had the courage to order the dropping of the atom bombs on Japan ending the war and saving hundreds of thousands of lives,” Short wrote, “He originated the Marshall Plan, which saved Europe from economic catastrophe and communistic takeover. They had the immediate initiative to order the police action in Korea and the determination to fire an insubordinate MacArthur.”
Herb Dallas of Tierrasanta objected to the list, writing, “Likening best to popular misleads everyone ... The Bushes and Reagan reflect more popular presidents rather than great presidents.” Their picks included John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt and Kennedy.
“There is a huge difference between popularity and greatness. Many people have been popular, at least at the time; few have been great,” Dallas wrote, “Let's honor the truly great ones and not the mediocre ones.”
Of the thousands of votes cast through the online poll, readers overwhelmingly picked Lincoln and Washington as the best presidents ever. Also on the list were FDR, Jefferson and Reagan, with JFK and Teddy Roosevelt close behind. (Clinton had a late surge in voting for No. 5 at the end, edging out George W. Bush by 25 votes.)
Sadly, the six presidents who served between 1877 and 1901 didn't get much love – they received fewer than 30 votes between them.
SHARE
By of the
Madison police have continued to target Uber and Lyft, two ride-sharing services that also do business in Milwaukee, as city officials develop plans to regulate the services.
The arguments against Madison ride-sharing may sound familiar to Milwaukee residents: the companies are taxi services and are violating regulations by not holding official licenses to provide those services. The companies, however, argue that they are technology companies that provide a service to interested customers.
In a second wave of sting operations late last month, Madison police fined one Uber and one Lyft driver. One Madison ride-share driver faces about $1,000 in fines, according to reports from the Wisconsin State Journal.
Madison Mayor Paul Soglin and Madison Ald. Scott Resnick are both drafting changes to city ordinances to regulate ride-sharing companies, so Madison law enforcement would no longer consider them illegal taxi companies. The companies use smartphone apps to pair ride seekers with drivers, who use personally owned vehicles to take riders to requested locations.
Madison police officers, not in uniform, used the apps to arrange and pay for rides in April leading to company citations. Police conducted the July stings similarly, the State Journal reported.
Just last month, the Milwaukee Common Council unanimously approved an ordinance that lifts the cap on taxicab permits in the city, which allows the ride-sharing companies to provide their services in the area. Milwaukee had granted 320 permits for a number of years, and the council approved 100 additional permits in November.
Last week, Mayor Tom Barrett signed the ordinance into law.
Barrett has previously spoken in support of the services, while, as in Madison, existing cab companies widely opposed the changes.
After narrowly losing to Sebastian Zietz in their round two heat at J Bay, Jeremy Flores stormed the judging tower and got loose with head judge Richie Porta. However it still looks as though they have found time to have some fun in South Africa, releasing this edit to perfectly coincide with the announcement of their suspension for confronting officials in an unsportsmanlike manner .
The ASP stated.
"Jeremy Flores, has been suspended from competition until August 27, 2014, resulting from an incident which occurred following their Round 2 heat at the J-Bay Open in South Africa on July 12, 2014.
The incident involved the athlete confronting ASP officials and event staff in an unsportsmanlike manner and resulted in the Rules and Disciplinary Committee, after completing its investigation, fining the surfer US$6,000 and suspending them from ASP competitions until August 27, 2014. As a result, Flores is ineligible to compete in both the Vans US Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach (an ASP Prime QS event) and the Billabong Pro Tahiti (an ASP WCT event).
Flores has apologized, both in writing and in-person, to the ASP officials involved and will be eligible to return to competition at the completion of their suspension and in time for the Hurley Pro at Trestles from September 9 - 20, 2014. Flores has told ASP officials that they accept full responsibility for their actions and that they will not be contesting the suspension or fine."
I'm just flabbergasted, stunned, amazed ..awed.
We had some address issues, due to Amazon and me not updating information (Oops).
My gift arrived today and I absolutely love it! It's gorgeous (in one of my favorite colors btw) at first, when I got home and saw this giant box sitting on my steps, I was like WTF? Then thought oh Mom ordered something...nope, they didn't know about it, so I haul it inside and see the name on it, and I'm like oooh awesome, my secret santa and then I'm thinking wth is in such a huge box? Then thinking amazon wish list, I'm like oh maybe they got me the desk on my wishlist, that would be pretty cool...then I'm looking at the box and I see Fender on the side of it..and I'm thinking No, no no that can't be, they would be crazy...and then I open the box and it is! It's an OMFG Fender bass guitar, complete kit, with amp, case etc..(I admit I haven't opened all the little boxes yet I was way to excited..and had to come here and post.
Music has long been a passion of mine and an escape from the grind of life.
Thank you so much Ashley, I LOVE IT I'm going to have the best time learning to play this gorgeous baby, I might just have to name it after you, all the best instruments have names.
BEST Christmas EVAR!
Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu revealed on Thursday that a member of a foreign intelligence service that actively took part in the coalition against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) aided three British girls in joining ISIS in Syria. Çavuşoğlu declined to name the country while sources, with close ties to the government, speaking exclusively to Daily Sabah stated that the suspect might not be a Canadian citizen but confirmed that they or they were working for the Canadian intelligence agency.
They were speaking on Turkey's A Haber channel on Thursday about the flow of foreign fighters to Syria through Turkey when they said: "We were informed by Britain about three girls who left to join ISIS a few days after they departed for Turkey. It turned out someone helped them and [that person] was captured. This person was working for the intelligence service of a country participating in the coalition against ISIS. This country is not the United States or a member of the European Union. I told this to the British foreign secretary (Philip Hammond) and they replied 'as usual.'"
Foreign Ministry sources said that the person is currently in detention and an investigation is continuing. They said that the unidentified intelligence agent was not a citizen of "the coalition member country." It was said that the unspecified country was contacted on the matter.
Neither the minister nor any other government official would name the country in question, however, sources close to the government said the person was a member of Canada's intelligence agency.
Apart from the U.S. and EU countries, Canada, Australia, Gulf countries and several other Arab countries are taking part in efforts to wipe out the ISIS presence in Syria through airstrikes. The Canadian embassy in Turkey declined to comment on the issue. Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development had no immediate comment as of press time either.
Canada's office of Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney, the federal minister responsible for the Canadian intelligence agency, issued a brief statement. "We are aware of these reports," said Blaney's office. "We do not comment on operational matters of national security."
The Prime Ministry's Office of Public Diplomacy also released a statement on the matter, commenting on Çavuşoğlu's remarks. The statement said that capture of the intelligence officer "showcased a complex problem involving intelligence wars. This incident should be a message to those always blaming Turkey on the debate on the flow of foreign terrorist fighters, and shows it is a problem more complicated than a mere border security issue. Turkey will continue its call for stronger intelligence sharing, and is worried about the lack of intelligence sharing in a matter involving the lives of three young girls," the statement said.
Çavuşoğlu said countries should review their laws and measures to curb the flow of foreign fighters. Mentioning the existence of U.N. resolutions to that extent, they said countries should exert more efforts on investigating how these people became radicalized rather than simply resorting to security measures and said the fight against terrorism, racism and xenophobia should be carried out together.
The case of Shamima Begum, 15, Amira Abase, 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, the three British girls who left their London homes in early February, became a point of contention between the U.K. and Turkey. Seeking to dodge responsibility, British police had claimed they notified Turkish authorities immediately after the girls arrived in Istanbul while Turkish officials said the notice came three days later. British Prime Minister David Cameron had blamed Turkish Airlines, the country's national carrier, for allowing the girls to board the flight to Istanbul. The three teenage girls then headed to the country's lengthy border with Syria to join ISIS. The carrier responded with a statement, pointing out that it was the British security forces' task to screen travelers and the girls boarding the flight was legal.
Turkey's Ambassador to the U.K. Abdurrahman Bilgiç was invited to the House of Commons to speak about the incident on Tuesday. They said the girls could be followed and apprehended by Turkish authorities if they were informed beforehand by their British counterparts.
"I think the primary obligation is on the shoulders of the source country because they should be stopped at the source country before exiting the country. [There is] enormous pressure on the shoulders of Turkey. Our neighborhood is not a rose garden. So if we had timely info and detailed info before their arrival then it is of course easy for us to track," Bilgiç told the Home Affairs Committee at the House of Commons.
British police have also been accused of failure to inform the families of the three girls properly. Police handed over letters to the girls, who attended the same school, seeking permission to allow their children to give a deposition regarding one of the girls' friends who left to join ISIS last year. Families said they would be more careful about their daughters' attempts to join ISIS if they were handed the letters instead of their children, as it was revealed that the girls hid the letters from their parents.
Laboratory tests found high levels of the estrogen-like chemical bisphenol A on 40% of cash register receipts from major U.S. businesses, the Environmental Working Group today reports.
BPA levels higher than those in canned foods, baby bottles and infant formula were detected on at least one of several receipts from Chevron, McDonald's, CVS, KFC, Whole Foods, Safeway, the U.S. Postal Service, Walmart and the U.S. House of Representatives cafeteria, according to the private Washington-based research group.
In contrast, receipts from Target, Starbucks, Bank of America ATMs and the U.S. Senate cafeteria were BPA-free or contained only trace amounts.
Follow Green House on Twitter
BPA, a plastic hardener linked to breast cancer, heart disease, diabetes and other health problems, reacts with dye to form black print on receipts handled by millions of Americans every day.
"A typical employee at any large retailer who runs the register could handle hundreds of the contaminated receipts in a single day at work," said Jane Houlihan, the group's senior vice president for research.
The Environmental Working Group collected 36 receipts from retailers in seven states and the District of Columbia and had them tested by the University of Missouri Division of Biological Sciences laboratory.
It says the lab's wipe tests, which easily removed BPA, indicate the chemical could rub off on someone's hands but adds that scientists have yet to determine how much is absorbed into the body.
Appleton Papers Inc. of Appleton, Wisc., the nation's largest thermal papermaker, recently removed BPA from its products, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has begun evaluating BPA alternatives in thermal paper.
Increasingly, states are moving to ban BPA from food and drink containers, primarily those meant for infants and toddlers, because of health concerns.
Bans are "not necessary," Steve Hentges, a BPA specialist at the American Chemistry Council, which opposes them, has told Green House. They say research shows BPA is safe.
In January, the Food and Drug Administration, which previously called BPA safe, announced it has "some concerns" about the chemical's potential effects on brain development of fetuses, infants and children. It did not say BPA is unsafe.
The Environmental Working Group recommends these tips for reducing BPA exposure from receipts:
We at G2 Esports are glad to welcome to our ever-growing family the new influencer Alexander ‘Raven' Baguley, who is definitely familiar for all Hearthstone lovers. Fans may have seen them casting the Hearthstone Championship Tour and the Hearthstone Global Games as well as multiple DreamHack Hearthstone tournaments. We are looking forward to our collaboration and are convinced that Raven's streams will become a fast favourite for our expanding fan base.
Our Brand Manager and Hearthstone team captain Jakub ‘Lothar' Szygulski has been following Raven for a while and is convinced he's a perfect fit at G2 Esports: “Raven is a hardworking individual with strong ethical values – they fit right into what we value here at G2 Esports. I'm looking forward to Raven as our influencer strengthening their position by streaming on both Twitch and Facebook and working as a caster under our samurai brand. Welcome to your new home!”
Here is what Raven says: “I am extremely excited to join G2 Esports as an influencer. I have looked up to this organisation and Hearthstone team specifically ever since they were formed. I look forward to representing G2 on my stream as well as on the casting desk!”
You can follow Raven on social media:
https://twitter.com/RavenCasts
https://www.facebook.com/RavenCasts/
www.twitch.tv/ravenhs
A jury in Oakland County Michigan awarded $3 million to Thal (Tali) and Julian Wendrow of West Bloomfield in a lawsuit against the Oakland County Prosecutor's office for defamation and violation of civil rights. In 2007 the parents were falsely accused of sexually abusing their autistic and non-verbal daughter, Aislinn. The lawsuit was filed by the Wendrow family against three former prosecutors in response to the false accusations and statements they made while employed by the Oakland County Prosecutor's office.
What a nightmare the past seven years must have been for the Wendrow family.
The verdict included $1 million for defamatory comments made by former prosecutor David Gorcyca and $2 million against Deborah Carley, a former chief assistant prosecutor, for illegal “seizure.” The latter charge resulted from the removal of thirteen-year-old Ian Wendrow from their classroom and questioning them without the presence of a guardian or attorney. Ian still suffers emotionally as a result of the experience.
For three months the Wendrow family was forcibly separated. Julian Wendrow was locked in a jail cell for eighty days. Their wife Tali was placed on a tether. Their two children were taken away from them and placed in foster care facilities.
The Daily Tribune reports what lead to Julian and Tali Wendrow being charged for sexually abusing their autistic and non-verbal daughter.
The supposed accusations were made by Aislinn at school using a controversial and widely discredited technique known as facilitated communication (FC), which requires an aide to guide the arm of the user. Major professional associations, such as the American Psychological Association, have discredited the method, saying the output is unreliable and often fictitious. This premise was proven during a courtroom demonstration where Aislinn was unable to answer simple questions, such as whether they are a boy or a girl, when the facilitator was out of earshot. The defendants, which included former assistant prosecutor Andrea Dean in addition to Gorcyca and Carley, testified they believed the allegations were true and refused to acknowledge that FC was a fallacious means of communication.
I sure hope the aide was fired from their job. How much money is enough to compensate this family for the embarrassment and emotional anguish caused by the incompetence of government employees?
This is not the first lawsuit the Wendrows have won. Previously filed lawsuits against the West Bloomfield Police Department, the Walled Lake Consolidated School District, and the Michigan Department of Human Services (DHS), resulted in wins for the Wendrow family. All of these lawsuits were settled out of court and resulted in settlements of $1.8 million, $1.1 million, and $850,000, respectively. In total the Wendrow's have been compensated 6.75 million.
That sounds like a fair amount to heal the the wounds inflicted by coercive government entities.
While it's nice to see the Wendrow family vindicated, the enormous sum of money awarded in the settlements and the lawsuit will all be funded by the taxpayers. What have the taxpayers done to deserve to be on the hook for $6.75 million dollars?
The taxpayers have done nothing wrong. All of the errors were made by individuals that collected government paychecks. You could argue constituents made a mistake allowing such incompetent fools to ascend to power, but that would be a stretch. It will be the taxpayers that will suffer directly and indirectly from the transfer of their tax dollars to the Wendrow family. The government agencies will not feel financial pain, because they'll either look for new sources of tax revenue or reduce services.
Errors made by government employees are at the root of this case. From the outside looking in it is impossible to determine who should be assigned blame. Should the aide that guided the arm of a mentally disabled child to accuse their father of rape be held chiefly responsible? Or should the Oakland County Prosecutor's Office be assigned equal blame for believing the massively flawed evidence?
Fortunately, the truth was too evident to be ignored and the Wendrow's have been vindicated. This story could have ended much worse if innocent people had been convicted of a crime they did not commit.
We live in a world that prefers to conduct trials in the media and then follow-up in the court of law as a formality. Due process is viewed as being too cumbersome for the instant gratification society we live in today. The Wendrow family was lucky. They survived and even were compensated for their pain and suffering that was caused by the flawed judicial system.
Check out our past editions of Felony Friday!
The Lions of Liberty are on Twitter, Facebook & Google+
Receive access to ALL of our EXCLUSIVE bonus audio content – including “Conspiracy Corner”, “Degenerate Gamblers” and the “League of Liberty Podcast” by joining the Lions of Liberty Pride and supporting us on Patreon!
By Sarah Zakhary, a 15-year-old local high school student
Our names are Sarah Zakhary, Midori Terrill and Karina Bañuelos. We are from Lancaster and we go to SOAR [Students on the Academic Rise] High School, which is an early college high school located at Antelope Valley College.
We are currently in the ninth grade. Midori and Karina are both 14, and I [Sarah] recently turned 15.
Our English class project was to create a message about an issue in the world from the perspective of those being affected, and to try to spread that message.
We decided that those from the LGBTQ+ [lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning] community face a lot of harsh judgments every day, and their perspective needs to be seen.
The class project/video took a little over a week total because we wanted to choose the best information and to find a story that would perfectly represent the issue. We chose Josh Alcorn (aka Leelah) as an example and representative of this cause.
This is an issue in the Antelope Valley because this type of bullying happens here too.
We want to live in a place where people don't get judged based on their sexuality. That is their choice, their happiness – which is what we want viewers to take away from this video.
We would also like to add that what started off as an English project has become an actual passion to want to get this around so that others can express their happiness freely.
–
Disclaimer : The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of The AV Times.
[Email letters@theavtimes.com to submit a story to Your Issues | Your News.]
Canadian engineering technology company Genoil has signed a letter of intent worth $50 billion with Russia's Grozneft. The deal will support what are described as integrated oil projects in Russia.
Genoil will develop oil fields and build clean technology upgraders, refineries and pipelines in Russia, according to the company.
At first, Genoil plans to invest $15 billion into projects in Russia's southern republic of Chechnya. The company will explore ways to link the new project to existing pipeline networks in the region.
Read more
“We have good ties to Chinese investors, we are ready to invest into infrastructure development, and we believe that it's possible to increase oil production in Russia by this,” a company representative said as quoted by Vedomosti daily.
“First of all, money will be invested into developing reservoirs in the republic to create a refinery with a capacity of 3-6 million tons of oil,” said Grozneft chairperson Andrey Gusak, stressing that the investors may consider buying mining assets in other regions of the country.
Russia's Economic Development Ministry hasn't reportedly received any documents concerning the deal.
The project has raised doubts among the experts, interviewed by the daily.
“Genoil is an unknown company, while the sum is huge. Moreover, it may be equitable to the annual capital cost of the whole Russia's fuel and energy sector,” said Valery Nesterov, analyst to Sberbank CIB.
READ MORE: Russian oil production sets new post-Soviet record
Using Chinese capital, the company plans to invest into something that does not have economic sense, according to the head of Urus Advisory in Moscow.
“The Chinese do not need Canadians to enter the Russian market: they have ties, resources and business skills,” the analyst said.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said today they intend to find out the story behind former national security adviser Susan Rice's actions and whether they manipulated classified information for political gain.
According to Fox News' Adam Housley, sources have named Rice as the member of the Obama administration that initiated the unmasking of names of Trump transition officials caught up in surveillance.
The unmasked names were then sent to other top Obama administration national security officials.
Graham said on "America's Newsroom" that lawmakers must "get to the bottom of" what Rice was doing, pointing out their history of "political manipulation of national security information."
They pointed back to Rice and their top deputy, Ben Rhodes, misleading the American people about what happened in Benghazi in 2012 to benefit President Obama politically.
"She's done it in the past. Whether or not they did it this time, I don't know, but it's something Congress should look into," said Graham.
"I'm not going to prejudge here, but I think every American should know whether or not the national security adviser for President Obama was involved in unmasking Trump transition figures for political purposes," they said.
Graham said they have "no idea" if Rice's actions were illegal, but called for former Obama administration officials James Clapper and John Brennan to speak to the Senate.
Graham said he's worried about the ties between President Trump and Russia, along with the leaks of classified information and the new reports about Susan Rice.
"I'm worried about all three," they said.
Watch the full interview above.
UPDATE, 1:00pm ET: In an interview on MSNBC Tuesday, Rice said they asked for the identities of U.S. citizens in intelligence reports, but defended the requests as routine and denied leaking any Trump-related information.
Read more, here.
Hannity: Susan Rice 'Has a Lot of Explaining to Do' About Intel 'Unmasking'
NJ Mayor: Trump Wants to Make Sanctuary Cities 'Fugitive Slave Catchers'
Trump Donates First Quarter Paycheck to National Park Service
Frozen-related attractions have been taking over Disney World. (Photo: Dave Parfitt)
By Dave Parfitt
The Walt Disney Company has gone all-in after last year's Oscar-winning hit film Frozen, inserting Anna and Elsa wherever they can, from the ABC television show Once Upon a Time to a traveling Disney on Ice show, to Frozen costumes, dolls, and merchandise as far as the eye can see. Perhaps nowhere is Frozen influence greater than inside Walt Disney World's theme parks.
At Orlando's Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World, lines to meet Princess Anna and Queen Elsa stretched nearly six hours long. Frozen Summer Fun at Disney's Hollywood Studios lingered long past Labor Day until granted an indefinite run. After 25-plus years, Epcot's Maelstrom boat ride will be removed to make room for an upcoming Frozen attraction. And now the 30-plus-year-old televised Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade has morphed into the Disney Parks Frozen Christmas Celebration.
Have we reached a saturation point for all things Frozen?
Walt Disney World expert Lou Mongello, host of the popular long-running WDWRadio podcast, doesn't think so, as evidenced by guests' reactions. “Instead of thinking about the presence of Frozen in parades, shows, shops and attractions, look (as I did this past weekend), at the guests instead,” Mongello remarked, “What I continue to witness are countless little girls walking through the parks dressed like Elsa wide-eyed in the presence of their idol.”
View photos frozen disney world More
It may still be Cinderella's Castle, but Queen Elsa has been the headliner there as of late. (Photo: Matt Stroshane, courtesy Walt Disney World Resort)
The Frozen obsession started in March when Arendelle's Royal Couple moved into Walt Disney World's Epcot theme park in the Norway pavilion. A small, themed room named “Prinsess Plass” (Princess Home) couldn't handle the crowds, and Anna and Elsa were quickly relocated to the Magic Kingdom's Princess Fairytale Hall where a FastPass+ reservation could arrange your audience six months ahead of time. With their popularity growing, Disney drew up bigger plans for Queen Elsa over the holidays. It may be Cinderella's Castle, but even Cindy and their Fairy Godmother couldn't hold back the coming avalanche.
Related: You Have to See This: A Mind-Blowing Real Life “Frozen” Forest
Each night Queen Elsa transforms Cinderella's iconic Castle into a shimmering ice palace during a lighting-effects and projection show called A Frozen Holiday Wish that not only includes Elsa, but also Anna, Kristoff, and Olaf the snowman. Mongello noted, “Those girls [dressed as Elsa] were teary-eyed on their father's shoulders watching that castle lighting ceremony.” And the castle lighting is not the only place guests will find Frozen during the holidays.
There are things in The Keepers that you can never un-hear. Netflix's latest true crime series explores the unsolved 1969 murder of Sister Cathy Cesnik, and it's not long until the story takes a horrific turn. The seven-part series delves into allegations of unthinkable sexual assault, perpetrated by a trusted Father at the all-girls Catholic High School where Cesnik worked. Hearing from the victims is traumatizing enough, but the way the show concludes is both frustrating and depressing. That said, the story isn't over. Here's every bit of news that has come out since The Keepers wrapped production.
1. Maskell's DNA Was Tested Against DNA Found Near the Crime Scene
In February, Father Joseph Maskell's body was exhumed. Their remains were tested by a forensics lab, and their DNA did not match a sample that was taken from the Cesnik crime scene. "For now, we've pretty well reached the end of the road when it comes to forensic evidence," said a spokesperson for the Baltimore County Police Department. "Our best hope for solving this case at this point lies with the people who are still alive. And we hope that someone will be able to come forward with conclusive information about the murder.
2. Maryland's Statute of Limitations on Sex Abuse Reports Has Been Extended
In April, C.T. Wilson, the delegate who was featured in The Keepers, was finally able to pass their bill. Beginning on July 1, survivors of sexual abuse will have until age 38 to sue their abusers.
ADVERTISEMENT
3. The Justice for Catherine Cesnik and Joyce Malecki Facebook Page Has Been Shut Down
The Facebook group run by Gemma Hoskins and Abbie Schaub was shut down a few days after the release of The Keepers. While there were under 1,000 people before the series aired, membership exploded. "It was necessary to close the page temporarily due to a traffic jam and a technical glitch," Hoskins said, in an email to The Baltimore Sun. "Netflix and [Facebook] are working to resolve the issues." There is a new page that everyone is welcome to join: The Keepers Official Group - Justice for Catherine Cesnik and Joyce Malecki. Hoskins is monitoring the new group and attempting to read any pertinent information that is posted.
4. The Baltimore Police Department Has Created a Form to Report Information
As of May 23, the Baltimore City Police Department has created an easy way for citizens to report any sex offenses related to Father Maskell, or any individuals mentioned in the series. As they note in their Facebook post, the Sex Offense Incident Information Form is strictly for reporting sex crimes, since the murder investigations are being handled by the Baltimore County Police Department.
5. The Archdiocese of Baltimore Has Posted an "FAQ" About The Keepers
While Father Maskell is objectively the villain of The Keepers, the Archdiocese is painted in a pretty terrible light. In response to claims of a coverup, they have set up a Frequently Asked Questions page on their official website. In it, the Archdiocese says that it "immediately reports all allegations to civil authorities." They give their version of the events, and claim that the suggestion that the Archdiocese knew about the sexual abuse allegations prior to 1992 is "speculation and it is false." The Archdiocese also denies that they ever interfered with investigations and actually encouraged anyone with information to report it to civil authorities.
6. The Local Police Are Referring Anyone With Information to the FBI
The Anne Arundel County Police Department has received a number of calls about Joyce Malecki's murder, and they are requesting that people report information to the FBI. As noted on the show, Malecki's body was discovered on the grounds of Fort George G. Meade, which makes this a federal case. The correct contact is FBI Public Affairs Specialist Dave Fitz, who can be reached at david.fitz@ic.fbi.gov or by calling (410) 277-6689.
7. A Petition Has Been Started For the Archdiocese to Release Their Files on Father Maskell
Just like the online petition that popped up after Making a Murderer aired, a Change.org petition has been started to try to get to the bottom of Sister Cathy's murder. The petition asks the Baltimore Archdiocese to release whatever files they have on Father Maskell, and currently has more than 12,000 signatures. "The release of these documents will restore public trust in the Archdiocese, and confirm the Archdiocese statements regarding their handling of the sexual abuse claims," the petition's description reads. "This petition requests that the Archdiocese of Baltimore release their files regarding A. Joseph Maskell, who is now deceased, in an effort to throughly investigate all avenues that may have led to the murder of Cathy Cesnik in 1969."
From Disrupt Africa
South Africa's first Bitcoin conference has been set for April, with the organizers encouraging entrepreneurs to attend and learn about the opportunities Bitcoin presents for startups.
The Bitcoin Africa conference is to take place in Cape Town, on April 16 and 17, with a lineup of industry experts from around the world who will share their views and experiences of the opportunities and challenges facing Bitcoin. The conference aims to consider how African companies could benefit from Bitcoin adoption.
Speaking to Disrupt Africa, co-host of the conference Theo Sauls said the conference presents a big opportunity for entrepreneurs to gain an insight into the potential benefits of adopting Bitcoin, with the organisers hoping to encourage a wave of Bitcoin-oriented startups in South Africa.
“Bitcoin offers entrepreneurs and businesses a way to allow their clients to pay for goods and services and thereby paying less in transaction fees. It is a quick, safe and efficient payment method whether it be via an online or retail environment,” Sauls said.
“We have a slow Bitcoin startup culture and adoption in South Africa. Bitcoin Africa would like to accelerate that process with our international speakers,” they said.
According to Sauls, the conference will also provide a networking opportunity for entrepreneurs looking into Bitcoin adoption, with a number of fellow startups, investors and VCs due to attend.
The organisers of the Bitcoin Africa conference point to Bitcoin as a possible solution to the low banking rates and financial inclusion across Africa; while they say the cryptocurrency can also revolutionise the remittance market.
Stop a stock trade and avoid a catastrophic global financial crash. Seal a microscopic crack and prevent a rocket explosion. Push a button to avert a citywide blackout.
Though such situations are mostly fantasies, a new analysis suggests that certain types of extreme events occurring in complex systems – known as dragon king events – can be predicted and prevented.
“A chaotic system may be in flux, and look like random behavior,” said physicist Daniel Gauthier of Duke University, co-author of a paper appearing Oct. 30 in Physical Review Letters. “But maybe there's some internal structure we can identify that leads to destabilizing events.”
By looking at a simple experimental chaotic system, Gauthier and their co-authors have been able to detect telltale signs that a dragon king event was approaching and, most importantly, stop it from happening. If this work can be generalized to more complex systems, such as climate, power grids, and financial markets, it could be used to forecast and perhaps forestall extreme behavior.
The story of this finding begins in the mid-90s when Gauthier was studying the behavior of simple electronic circuits that were trained to follow one another. Their team did this by periodically measuring the difference in either the voltage or current between the two circuits. They would use this difference to give one system a tiny kick. The idea was to synchronize the circuits as much as possible. And, for the most part, it worked: One circuit followed the behavior of the other.
But occasionally, the two circuits would get out of whack. Essentially, the leader circuit was losing control of its follower, which would go off on its own and exhibit completely different behavior. This desynchronization event would eventually get corrected – the tiny kicks would push the follower circuit back to the same behavior as its leader. But the results remained a bit of a head scratcher, until Gauthier figured out what was going on.
Fractint /Wikimedia
Chaotic systems are often very simple. They can be characterized by just a few parameters – in this case the voltage and current of the circuit – but they also exhibit random and unpredictable behavior. Yet the voltage and current of the system can't take on just any value. Instead, the parameters will stay within a somewhat narrow range. The possible values within this range are what mathematicians call a “strange attractor.” When plotted on an x and y axis, strange attractors often take on odd shapes, sometimes looking like the wings of an arithmetic butterfly.
The meeting points of these two wings – the “body” of the butterfly – was where the desynchronization was happening in Gauthier's circuits. Imagine one circuit is traveling around on a wing of the butterfly, pulling the follower circuit slightly behind it. From time to time, the leader circuit would enter the meeting point of the wings and jump to the opposite side. Usually, the follower circuit would come right along with it but, every so often, the difference between them would be just enough so that the follower circuit wouldn't make the hop, instead staying on the same wing.
“We would say that's when they shred from each other,” said Gauthier. “The two systems get ripped apart, basically going as far apart as they can.”
And that was it. Gauthier studied these toy circuits, found an interesting behavior, and explained it. At the time, it didn't seem like a big deal. But in the last few years, scientists in many fields have been looking closely at the behavior of extreme events – very large fluctuations in a system that often leads to catastrophic results. These occur in many complex, chaotic systems: enormous rogue waves in the ocean, extreme weather in the climate, or global stock market crashes.
One particular class of these extreme events is known as a dragon king event. This is a catastrophic occurrence that falls far outside a normal expected probability. The name comes from looking at the wealth distribution in a medieval society. If you plot the number of people who have a particular amount of wealth, you would see many, many poor farmers and a smaller number of wealthier landowners and noblemen. Plotting the number of people versus a given amount of wealth would give you a straight line.
Now the medieval king, who typically has an enormous amount of wealth, would be outside this plot, far above the rest. Think of someone like Bill Gates or Carlos Slim whose wealth dwarfs even that of a modern one-percenter. While the rest of the population is described by the simple line plot, these people are outliers.
So why dragon kings? Because, like dragons, certain extreme events are entirely outside the normal classification scheme. “Dragons are extraordinary animals of extraordinary properties,” said economist Didier Sornette of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, another co-author of the work.
, “Predictability and suppression of extreme events in a chaotic system”, Physical Review Letters
Dragon king events may be freakish, but they are not freakishly rare. In fact they occur much more frequently than you would expect. Small fluctuations in the stock market happen all the time and very large ones rarely. But a dragon-king-type stock market drop would be one that was both extremely large and occurred somewhat regularly. It would be like seeing a once-in-a-century stock market crash every decade or so.
But stock markets are complex systems and hard to study. So Gauthier, Sornette, and their collaborators looked at the difference between the parameters of the two circuits in the leader-follower system. Very small differences in the voltage or current were common, as expected. But the extreme “shredding” events when the two circuits were very far apart occurred much more often than would be expected from a normal distribution. They had found one of the most pronounced dragon king event signatures ever seen.
Even more interestingly, the researchers found that dragon king events displayed characteristic signals announcing their approach (they could only occur when the two circuits were on the “body” of the strange attractor butterfly). Knowing that a dragon king was coming, they could apply tiny perturbations to make sure the circuits stayed in sync. In essence, they could forecast the arrival of a catastrophic event and suppress it, prevent it from occurring.
By studying this simple circuit system, the scientists hope they might be able to apply some lessons to more complex chaotic systems. Economists, for instance, think some sort of rules might govern the stock market (the rest of us aren't so sure). If number crunchers could uncover some of these rules and find the warning bells that are correlated with crashes, perhaps they could also be avoided.
Of course, that's been the dream of every trader since the London Stock Exchange first opened up in a coffee shop in 1698. The question is really whether or not the simple circuit-toy model can be applied to a more complicated real-world system.
“That is where we're really taking a leap,” said Gauthier.
The leader-follower circuits can be characterized entirely by a few variables. Something like climate or the financial system is composed of significantly more parameters, and no one really knows which ones might be relevant or not.
In their work, Sornette has been working to identify what might or might not be useful in predicting the behavior of the stock market. Their team keeps tabs on more than 20,000 assets worldwide to try and diagnose bubbles. Using statistical analysis, they search for what they called “trenchant super-exponential growth,” which is where the price of an asset grows much faster than a simple compound interest. It is possible that such behavior is a warning bell for financial bubbles.
“We are extremely active in the development of statistical methods to apply to a major outstanding unsolved problem: the financial stability, or instability, of the world,” they said. Their research has looked at possible ways to forecast changes in the financial market with some encouraging results.
Being able to study dragon king events in an experimental system could be extremely useful, says physicist Cristina Masoller of the Polytechnic University of Catalonia in Spain, who studies extreme events in complex systems but was not involved in the new study.
“Most of these events are in nature: precipitation, oceanic, or economic systems,” they said. “The fact that they can be built in the lab allows us to explore the origin of these events, and learn how to generate and suppress them.”
But even if the research may one day help identify precursor signals to dragon king events, there is no guarantee that they can be controlled, added Masoller.
“Maybe the parameters that we need to control in order to avoid these extreme events are a parameter we can not change,” they said.
Say that oceanic temperature is a relevant parameter in avoiding catastrophic climate changes. Tuning such a variable up and down precisely is likely to be out of human control. Even in something like a financial system, the key parameter may be the amount of money each individual in the world has. Changing something like that might be out of the realm of possibility.
In complex systems “it's possible the laws are simple, but maybe the parameters we need to control are not very accessible,” they said.
Gauthier and Sornette are aware of the limitations of their experimental model. But the point of the research was to “at least plant the thought in people's minds” that it might be possible to predict and prevent dragon king events, said Gauthier. To make that happen, however, scientists would probably have to develop entirely new mathematical tools to identify the key variables in different complex systems, they add.
Verizon (NYSE: VZ) CFO Fran Shammo said that the carrier continues to see interest among customers for its Custom TV skinny bundle. But they said the carrier's new Custom TV customers are not sports fans.
"One of the disappointments was that, when you do Custom TV, you get a basic package and you get to pick two other packages. We thought people would pick three. People are only picking two," Shammo said today during an investor event. "And what we're seeing is, they're picking more of the non-sports two, than sports. So the people who are going to Custom TV are generally people who do not watch a lot of sports. So that was kind of an insight that we didn't have before."
Verizon launched its Custom TV packages earlier this year. The controversial bundling system allows subscribers to buy a package of 35 basic cable and broadcast channels for $54.99, then choose between two of seven add-on packages of networks themed around "sports," "kids," "news," and more. Disney's ESPN sued Verizon over the offering, claiming that having its flagship channel relegated to a sports add-on package is a violation of its FiOS licensing deal.
Interestingly, Shammo also hinted that next year Verizon would tweak the channels that are available through its Custom TV skinny bundle.
"We also said that this was a runway, that we knew that this was not a forever runway, because of some other contractual agreements that we have with our content providers," Shammo said. "So you'll see some changes coming into 2016 around Custom TV because we'll have to do that, to rebundle if you will. But today it's been very successful for us."
Shammo did not provide any further details on the carrier's content plans for Custom TV.
Overall, Shammo said Verizon continues to see about a third of its pay-TV customers opting for the Custom TV skinny bundle. "They only want what they want," Shammo said of the product, noting that it allows users to pay for only the programming they wish to view.
In other Verizon video news, Shammo said that Verizon is now ramping up its advertising for its new Go90 mobile video product. Go90 is a mobile app for iOS and Android smartphones that offers select content from a variety of sources including established media players, newer Internet content providers and some sports content.
"We're pretty pleased with what we're seeing" with Go90, Shammo said. They explained that the company was disappointed with the search function on Go90, but recently introduced an improved search capability that Shammo said performed better. They said that Go90 users are currently mostly viewing the content that is exclusive to the platform.
Shammo also offered their clearest comments yet on Verizon's business model for Go90. Currently the service is free to access and contains some advertisements. Shammo said that, sometime in the future, Verizon would add a "sponsored data" option to Go90, which would allow advertisers to make select video from Go90 free for Verizon's wireless customers to access. (AT&T (NYSE: T) currently offers a similar service with its Sponsored Data offering.)
Shammo also said that Go90 would begin offering pay-per-view options using Verizon's LTE Multicast technology. They said the carrier's current agreement with the NFL supports that PPV model in Go90.
And Shammo said Go90 would also offer premium content that "you may have to pay an access charge" to view.
For more:
- see this Verizon webcast
Related articles:
Verizon: Disney ad blackouts slowed growth of skinny bundle to 9K subs in Q2
Verizon FiOS will debut skinny bundle that rivals Sling TV
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
In an attempt to ‘protect its youth' the Kuwaiti government is stepping up a campaign to ‘rid' the country of gay and transexual citizens.
The Social Vice committee in Kuwait is in the process of organising a national conference in order to define the definition of ‘social vices' and the ways to crackdown on them, said a former head of the committee.
Talking to the Kuwaiti newspaper Alaqabs, Mr Valid Tabtabii, a Kuwaiti MP, said that it is the responsibility of the parliament to undertake this campaign, especially since the country's constitution states that the state has the responsibility to protect its youth.
Facing increasing criticism about the way they handle social issues, they labelled those criticisms as unjustified and accused their opponents of ignorance.
“Mankind is against anything they don't understand,” they said.
The Committee also has the support of the Parliament, as it was formed on a request from 43 out of 50 MPs. It has so far played a significant role in the Kuwaiti society in cracking down on ‘social misconduct.'
Mr. Tabatabaii said that in the past, the Committee has tried to crackdown on “girly boys” and homosexuals, who promote crime and sexual immorality in the country. This crackdown happened in schools and other public places, without violating people's privacy.
Last December, Kuwait's parliament passed a law that criminalised “imitating the appearance of the opposite sex.”
The amendment states that “any person committing an indecent act in a public place, or imitating the appearance of a member of the opposite sex, shall be subject to imprisonment for a period not exceeding one year or a fine.”
Subsequent roundups netted at least 16 suspects, New York-based Human Rights Watch reported, adding that three detainees were beaten.
The only known targets of the new Kuwaiti law have been transgender people.
Kuwait does not allow transgender people to change their legal identity to match the gender in which they live or to adapt their physical appearance through gender reassignment surgery.
In September 2007 Al Arabiya reported a new government campaign to “combat the growing phenomenon of gays and transsexuals” in Kuwait.
Mr. Mohammad Haiif, the spokesperson for the Parliamentary Study Group on Social Vice, told reporters yesterday that ” those suffering from queerness are in need of medical treatment for hormonal imbalance, and by doing so, we help them, and not harm them.”
AMC Networks also announced a new family drama, 'The A-Word,' which will air on SundanceTV later this year after its spring premiere on BBC.
SundanceTV is closing the book on Rectify.
The channel's original drama series will end after its upcoming fourth season, it was announced Friday at the Television Critics Association winter press tour.
The critical darling earned an early season four renewal in July on the eve of its third season premiere. It remains unclear how many episodes will be produced for Rectify's final run.
Created by Oscar winner Ray McKinnon, the series centers on Daniel Holden (Aden Young) when they return to their small Georgia town after serving 19 years on death row.
"Rectify is in many ways an existential story that was allowed to come to life during an existential era in serial storytelling," McKinnon said in a statement. "It was a case of perfect timing with the perfect partners. I have always felt that Rectify could end at any time or just as easily continue. Well, not easily. But there is no perfect 'end' for this story nor for these characters. They will continue to live on. We just won't document them any longer. And the timing of this 'non-end' end feels exactly right. SundanceTV has been a dream to work with on this journey; I am so grateful to have been allowed the freedom to tell the tale I wanted to tell in the way I felt it should be told with the mad and beautiful collaborators who joined me on the ride... Oh wait, we haven't shot the final season yet. I'll get back to you."
Although the Peabody award winner never amassed a massive following, Rectify was an important project for SundanceTV, leading the way for other original series like the forthcoming Hap and Leonard as well as mini The Last Panthers.
The decision to wrap up Rectify comes less than a year after Charlie Collier added oversight of the AMC Networks-owned cable network, taking over for Sarah Barnett — who now oversees BBC America. Collier told reporters Friday at TCA that the cable network would have "more originals than ever," with each debuting on Wednesday nights. "Rectify has played such a huge role in raising the credibility and awareness of the network," they said. "We're looking forward to giving Rectify the send-off it deserves."
Collier also announced a new scripted drama, The A-Word, centering on a family after their five-year-old son is diagnosed with autism.
Based on the Israeli Keshet and July August Productions drama series, Yellow Peppers, Peter Bowker (Marvellous) wrote the adaptation and will exec produce with Patrick Spence, Jenny Frayn, Sara Johnson, Avi Nir and Lucy Richer. The Full Monty's Peter Cattaneo, Dominic Leclerc (Shameless) and Susan Tully (Good Cop) will direct season one's six hourlong episodes. The series hails from Fifty Fathoms, Keshet UK and BBC One.
The A-Word stars Lee Ingleby (Our Zoo), Morven Christie (Grantchester), Vinette Robinson (Sherlock), Greg McHugh, (Fresh Meat), Chris Eccleston (The Leftovers) and Max Vento.
The series will premiere in the U.S. at a yet-to-be-announced date following The A-Word's spring BBC premiere.
There were 2,811 armed clashes between government forces and the Houthi rebel alliance between January and June, compared with 3,610 in the whole of 2016.
While the report does not lay blame with any international party for the air raids, the Saudi-led Arab military coalition - allied with President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi's exiled government - largely controls Yemen's airspace, while the US has increased drone strikes on suspected al-Qaeda targets in Yemen.
A spokesperson for the coalition did not respond to AFP's requests for comment on Monday.
Since 2015, Yemen has seen a devastating war between the Saudi-backed government and Iran-backed Houthi rebels who took over the capital the previous September.
International rights groups have accused the coalition of bombing civilian areas including public gatherings, markets, hospitals and residential areas across Yemen since the aerial campaign against Houthi rebels began in 2015.
The country is also regularly targeted by US drone strikes aiming for al-Qaeda cells that have flourished in the chaos of the conflict, mainly in the
'Deadly cholera outbreak' UN figures suggest more than 10,000 people have been killed and thousands more wounded since Saudi Arabia and its allies intervened on behalf of the internationally recognised government.The country is also regularly targeted by US drone strikes aiming for al-Qaeda cells that have flourished in the chaos of the conflict, mainly in the south of the country
Yemen has also witnessed a deadly cholera outbreak killing more than 2,000 people, which has been described by UN officials as "the largest humanitarian crisis in the world".
The highly contagious disease is treatable, but the collapse of Yemen's infrastructure following more than two years of war has created a "perfect storm for cholera", the World Health Organisation said on Monday, as it revealed more than half a million people had now been infected in the cholera epidemic.
WHO warned that the disease had spread rapidly due to deteriorating hygiene and sanitation conditions, with millions of people cut off from clean water sources across the country.
"Yemen's health workers are operating in impossible conditions," WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in a statement.
"Thousands of people are sick, but there are not enough hospitals, not enough medicines, not enough clean water."
Many of the doctors and nurses needed to rein in the outbreak in Yemen have not been paid for nearly a year.
Agencies contributed to this report.
Image caption All settlements on occupied territory are considered illegal under international law
Palestinian officials have rejected an offer by the Israeli government to halt settlement construction if they recognise Israel as a "Jewish state".
The Palestinians said they already recognised the state of Israel, and that the real issue threatening peace talks was illegal settlement activity.
Israel has been under international pressure to renew its partial freeze on construction in the occupied West Bank.
The Palestinians have threatened to walk out of the talks over the issue.
The direct negotiations only resumed last month after a 20-month hiatus, and no meeting has been held since the freeze ended on 26 September.
'Seizing initiative'
In a speech to the Israeli parliament on Monday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said: "If the Palestinian leadership will say unequivocally to its people that it recognises Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people, I will be prepared to convene my cabinet and request an additional suspension of building for a limited period of time."
"Undoubtedly such a step by the Palestinian Authority would be a confidence-building measure that will open a new horizon of hope as well as trust among broad parts of the Israeli public," they added.
Mr Netanyahu said they had made the offer to the Palestinian Authority "in quiet ways" last month, but that it had been rejected.
The chief Palestinian negotiator, Saeb Erekat, said Mr Netanyahu was "playing games" with their offer, and that there was no connection between settlements and the national character of Israel.
Analysis The swift rejection of this proposal by Palestinian negotiators would have come as little surprise to Benjamin Netanyahu. They knew that no Palestinian official would, at least at this stage, agree to recognise Israel explicitly as a Jewish state. This was a tactical gesture by an Israeli prime minister who has been shifting uncomfortably in the spotlight for several weeks as peace talks with the Palestinians have stagnated - and everyone was looking for them to make a move. By offering a renewed building freeze in the settlements, with attached conditions, Mr Netanyahu is hoping that the spotlight will switch to the Palestinians. Gambling that the tactic won't anger those in their own right-wing coalition who oppose the freeze, the key response now, will be that from the US. Washington has been among those repeatedly calling on the Israel to extend the freeze. If the Obama administration deduces that this is a genuine move on Israel's part, some pressure may have indeed been lifted from Mr Netanyahu's shoulders to those of Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.
"I don't see a relevance between their obligations under international law and them trying to define the nature of Israel," they added. "I hope they will stop playing these games and will start the peace process by stopping settlements."
Israel has occupied the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, since 1967, settling close to 500,000 Jews in more than 100 settlements. They are considered illegal under international law, although Israel disputes this.
Palestinian officials say recognising Israel as a Jewish state would compromise the rights of 20% of the Israeli population that is not Jewish, and undermine the claims of Palestinian refugees to return to their former homes in Israel.
They also note that the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) formally recognised "the right of the State of Israel to exist in peace and security" in an exchange of letters before the signing of the 1993 Oslo accords.
In Israel's peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan there was no mention of recognition of Israel as a Jewish state.
The US state department did not respond directly to Mr Netanyahu's offer, but said the US position on settlements had not changed.
"As we've noted we would like to see the settlement moratorium extended. Beyond that, we are not going to get into the substance of our discussions with the parties," a spokesperson told the Haaretz newspaper.
The BBC's Wyre Davies in Jerusalem says Mr Netanyahu's offer was an attempt to wrest back the initiative in arguments over the settlement freeze.
Image caption Mr Netanyahu wants citizens to pledge allegiance to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state"
Earlier, Mr Netanyahu's government backed a bill requiring that a referendum be held before any territory could be yielded in a peace deal.
On Sunday, the prime minister angered Israeli Arab leaders when their cabinet approved the submission of a bill to parliament that would require new citizens to pledge allegiance to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state".
It came two days after the Arab League backed a Palestinian pledge not to return to direct talks without a full settlement construction freeze, but also gave the US a month to come up with a way to save the negotiations.
Should the electorate have to pass a patriotism test?
Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani in September. (Photo: Rob Kim, Getty Images)
Last week, Rudy Giuliani mused about whether President Obama loves America, musings that produced immediate media backlash as beyond the pale. Some thought this was proof of Republican racism. (Never mind that Obama had accused President Bush of being "unpatriotic" back in 2008). Others gloated that Giuliani had "trolled" the media into spending five days debating Obama's patriotism.
My own take: Of course Obama loves America. After all, you always hurt the one you love.
But, seriously, why do we care? That is, why do we spend time looking at presidents — and others — based on irrational emotional attachments that are hard to assess, rather than looking at things like credentials that are easy to assess, and arguably more directly related to the job, than things like patriotism, or loyalty, or honesty? Why can't we just be rational about these things?
Maybe because, as Robert Frank suggested in an underappreciated book some years ago, Passions Within Reason: The Strategic Role Of The Emotions, we don't want to be totally rational about things because, ironically, it's not rational to be too rational.
Imagine that you're thinking of getting married. Would you want a spouse who sticks with you for purely rational reasons, or one who forms an irrational attachment — let's call it "love" — that doesn't depend on rational factors?
Like this column? Get more in your e-mail inbox
Most people would say the latter. A purely rational attachment is nice, but if things change — say, if you become sick, or unattractive, or broke — a rationally attached person might rationally choose to leave. A person who loves you, on the other hand, might stick around anyway, because being parted from you, even if some of your charms have vanished, would cause emotional pain, while helping you feels good.
Likewise, you'd like to hire an honest employee, one who will feel guilty about stealing from you. A rational employee won't steal if there's a danger of being caught, but an honest one won't steal even when they can get away with it, because if they do they will feel guilty, while if they resist temptation they will feel virtuous.
A person who is perfectly rational about costs and benefits, with no irrational constraints like loyalty or honesty (or patriotism), is a person who will lie, cheat and steal whenever they or they can get away with it. A sociopath, basically.
Since we can't keep an eye on everyone we deal with all of the time, we look for other traits, boiling down, essentially, to a conscience, that will ensure that they are more likely to act properly even when nobody's watching. And if that's important in a spouse or employee, it's also pretty important in people, like political leaders, who do a lot of things out of the public eye, and who are subjected to a much greater variety of temptations.
Thus, we want our political leaders to be patriotic, in the hopes that, whatever they are involved in, they will put the interests of the country ahead of their personal interests. Outward signs of patriotism are nice, but of course anyone can put a flag pin on a lapel, or place hand over heart during the Pledge of Allegiance.
Instead, just as we might trust a potential spouse or employee more if we knew that they or they had resisted temptation in the past, traditionally we look for signs that would-be leaders have sacrificed something for their patriotism, say by serving in the military, or otherwise putting themselves at risk for the country. We also look at their associations, behavior and general demeanor to see if they look like people who would feel guilty if they did something bad for the country, and virtuous if they did something good.
So that's why people care about patriotism in a president. Perhaps we need to pay closer attention to these questions where presidents are concerned, but perhaps we should go a step farther: In a country like ours, where voters reign supreme, it seems as if concern about the patriotism of rulers ought to also apply to voters.
Science fiction writer Robert Heinlein, in their famous novel Starship Troopers, envisioned a society where voters, too, had to demonstrate their patriotism before being allowed to vote. In their fictional society, the right to vote came only after some kind of dangerous public service — in the military, as a volunteer in dangerous medical experiments, or in other ways that demonstrated a willingness to sacrifice personally for the common good. The thought was that such voters would be more careful, and less selfish, in their voting.
So when the five-day wonder of questioning Barack Obama's patriotism is over, perhaps we should address another question: How patriotic is the electorate? And how long can we survive as a nation if the answer is "not very"? And we should proceed from there.
Glenn Harlan Reynolds, a University of Tennessee law professor, is the author of The New School: How the Information Age Will Save American Education from Itself.
In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion email newsletter.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Ak1ecs
Fred Meyer Stores Inc. is preparing to roll out its online shopping service this summer at its East Central Spokane store, says Zach Stratton, Seattle-based Fred Meyer spokesperson.
The Portland-based superstore chain introduced the ClickList service earlier at its Spokane Valley and Coeur d'Alene stores as part of major remodels there.
To provide the service at the East Central store, at 400 S. Thor, Fred Meyer is creating a staging area where online orders will be processed, including new walk-in coolers, reach-in freezers, and a drive-up area, Stratton says.
Through ClickList, customers can order grocery items online and schedule a time to pick them up. Where ClickList already is available, the service recently started offering a same-day option in which customers can place an order in the morning and pick it up in the afternoon.
When ClickList customers arrive at the store's drive-up area, an associate greets them and loads the items into the customer's vehicle.
Most dry, refrigerated, and frozen food items are available through the ClickList service, including fresh produce and meats, Stratton says.
“You can even say you want four bananas, and you want two of them to be yellow and two of them green,” they say.
Stratton says customers' rewards accounts keep track of their purchases to help compile shopping lists, which is intended to ease shopping for routine items.
The ClickList fee is $5 per order, though Stratton says the company is offering the first three orders per customer free of charge.
Stratton says stores that offer the service have two ClickList managers and about 10 hourly employees whose sole job is to fill orders and bring them out to customers.
Stratton says the ClickList service has been well received at its Spokane Valley and Coeur d'Alene stores.
“It's great for people with younger children and for elderly people, because they don't have to get out of their vehicles,” they say.
Stratton says Fred Meyer will introduce ClickList at 35 to 40 of its stores this year.
Last fall, the company invested $22 million in converting the four Fred Meyer stores in the Spokane-Coeur d'Alene area into a new model, with plans to roll out that model nationwide.
Fred Meyer operates more than 130 stores in Washington, Idaho, Oregon, and Alaska. The retail chain is a subsidiary of Cincinnati-based Kroger Co., which operates several grocery store and superstore brands nationwide.
I was kind of bummed about Secret Santa this year, my original match never sent anything, and though at the end of the day, it doesnt matter one bit, it was irritating. I wasnt even really confident that my rematch would send anything either, maybe I was being a little bitch, but I kept it to myself, mostly, lol...
Anyway, today a package arrives and I was completely surprised, and then this dude just knocked it out of the park with the coolest present ever! I have wanted a Raspberry Pi since the first day I heard about them, but never bit the bullet and bought one, there were always other things to do, but holy cow, this is awesome!
Thank you, mystery gifter, you gave me the most amazing gift ever! I got the mail on our way out the door, going to the mall for lunch, and I was driving my wife nuts the whole time, telling them all about them and what they can be set up to do, it is very exciting! (For me.  They are somewhat amused, but I dont think they get it exactly...)
Thank you, you made my entire week! ~Matt
After years of using a Happy Hacking Keyboard Lite, I have finally decided to splurge on a Happy Hacking Professional 2 keyboard. And I love it.
Note: I have been slowly chipping away at this post for the last few months. I have been very busy, but I should be able to get back into the swing of writing again.
My history with the HHKB Lite
I started using Linux during my senior year of high school. In college, I started diving deeper down the rabbit hole, learning more about shells, window managers, and programming. By senior year, I found myself sitting in front of an Arch Linux install, configured with a tiling window manger to organize the scattering of VIM and VIM-like terminal applications I used every day. To be kind to my wrists, I wanted something that was optimized at the hardware level for my heavy CTRL key use. This is when I first learned about the HHKB. However, as a broke college student, I opted for the much cheaper lite version to test out. I enjoyed the layout so much, that years later when I needed to replace a keyboard at work, I had them order me a HHKB lite (again, the Pro was very expensive).
Time for a Mechanical Keyboard
After years of using the standard rubber dome HHKB lite, I wanted to finally switch to a true mechanical keyboard. I searched long and hard, looking at different layouts designs, and learning about the various switch types (mostly the commony cherry MX switches). After purchasing and playing with a switch tester, I confirmed that I would likely enjoy MX clear switches best. They are quiet enough I could still reasonably use them in an office, but still had the nice tactile bump that I love (more than what I experienced on the Browns). Additionally, I knew that I wanted to stick with a small, minimalist layout, so I exclusively looked at 60% keyboards, with the occasional 40% board catching my eye.
Like many, I eventually landed at the Vortex Pok3r. It is beautiful, with a minimal, but sturdy appearance, and has a MX clear variant. I had made my decision, but at the time, new boards weren't available. I decided to sit back and wait to see if it would drop on Massdrop any time soon. I had waited years to purchase a mechanical keyboard, and I could wait a little longer to get the one I wanted.
The Planck Drop
While I was waiting for a Pok3r drop… something interesting caught my eye on Massdrop… the Planck keyboard… The planck is a keyboard kit that you solder together to create a programmable, ortholinear, 40% keyboard. When I say programmable, I don't mean that you can just bind some keys. The Planck is fully open and the firmware C code is available on Github for modification. So, you can actually customize and hack together the firmware, which was very appealing to me. So I joined the drop.
After joining, I purchased a soldering kit so that I could construct the keyboard once it finally shipped. Unfortunately, the planck drop had several delays, but as I previously stated, I didn't wait. The planck got delayed so much, that they eventually allowed people to cancel their order and receive a refund. I thought the order cancellation was something you opted in to do, but it was actually an opt-out situation… so my lack of response had my order canceled, pre-maturely ending my planck experience.
Deciding on the HHKB Pro
With my planck order canceled, and a refund imminent, I started to look at other options again. The main contender was still the Pok3r. I started researching it again and learning about how I could program the layers to have a layout I would like… and eventually realized I just kept re-creating the infamous HHKB layout.
So I started to consider the HHKB again. My main reasons for not getting it originally was that it is a good bit more expensive than the majority of mechanical keyboards on the market. However, after waiting months for the planck, and noticing I kept comparing everything to the HHKB, I realized I would eventually end up with an HHKB anyway, and decided to just go for it now. Decision made.
Getting the HHKB
Once I decided on the HHKB, (and it was approved by my wife :P ), I purchased it on Amazon. The one thing I did contemplate about was which color to get. I didn't know if I wanted to get the black or white model. I knew I wanted printed key-caps, and that made the white board very appealing. The printed keys on it look so crisp. Eventually, I decided on the dark gray because it matches everything else I own, whereas the white board would drastically stick out.
I placed the order and within a few days, it was on my doorstep (well, the neighbor's, but that's an issue with our post…).
What I like
Layout
As already mentioned, I love they HHKB layout. It was a bit tricky to get accustomed to at first, but that was several years ago at this point. The HKKB Pro does have a few difference in layout when compared to the lite version (the pro does not have a bottom left fn key, or any dedicated arrow keys). However, I had prepared myself for this change over the last few years by only using the right fn key and the fn arrow keys. The hardest thing to adjust to be the slightly different sized alt and super keys on the left (due to the missing fn key).
I have learned to appreciate all the little HHKB layout differences. This includes the “delete” by default backspace key, with the ~ key above it, and the ESC key next to 1 . Last but not least, the CTRL in the CAPS location (with CAPs still available as fn + Tab ). I honestly think this should be the standard keyboard layout.
PBT key-caps
I didn't expect the PBT key-caps to be such a big deal, but I absolutely love them. I could tell from images that they would look better (especially the white ones), but I didn't anticipate how great they would feel. They are solid, but with a soft touch, and are a much better improvement over every keyboard I have previously owned/used.
The Switches
I wasn't sure how I would like the topre switches after getting excited for Cherry MX clears. However, I seem to really like them… at least on the HHKB. I have heard that they feel different on the HHKB compared to other Topre keyboards due to the HHKBs plastic back. I'm not sure if this is true or not, but I like the result. Key presses are smooth but at the same time very crisp. Being a heavy typist, I often bottom out, but when I do it feels very soft, and not harsh at all. I figure that if I am going to bottom out on my keys regardless of what keyboard I have, it is probably best to handle it how the HHKB does.
… Can I say sound?
I love the sound of typing on this keyboard. While it is definitely an audible keyboard, it isn't nearly as obnoxious as louder clicky switches, like MX Blues or Greens. It has a soft, muted, lower pitched sound as I type (compared to normal “clicky” switches). I really do enjoy hearing it, and find myself sometimes taking off my headphones to listen to it if I need motivation to get more characters on the screen.
What I don't like
Cost
As I've mentioned earlier in the post, probably the biggest downside to the HHKB is the substantial cost. At >$230 USD, it is expensive, even for mechanical keyboards. The cost is the single problem that kept me from buying it all these years. Eventually, I realized it is what I wanted, and it would likely last me years, so it all works out. Additionally, if I didn't like the PRO, or didn't want it anymore, they do have an incredible resale value, so I could likely get a large chunk of my money back fairly easily.
Transporting it (related to cost)
While the cost issue is mitigated after just biting the bullet and hitting the “check out” button, there is another minor annoyance that is related to the high price. Ideally, I'd like to use my HKKB whenever I am at the computer. Being a software developer… I use a computer for 8+ hours a day at work. So, I like to use my keyboard at work… but I also like to bring it home. Ideally, I'd get two: one for home and one for at the office. At the high price point though… I might have to wait to make that purchase. As far as keyboards go, I'd say the HHKB is probably one of the best travel boards out there. It's light, but sturdy, and there is even a travel case designed specifically for it. So far I've been using the box to transport it, but am I going to get the traveling case soon. That should hold me over until it is justifiable to get a second board. One day…
I actually was just gifted the carrying case for Christmas. I will check out how it works in the new year. It should at the very least be better than the cardboard box it came in…
“Mac” mode / Delete “fix”
One benefit of getting the HHKB Pro over the lite version, is that it has some media key functionality (volume, start/stop). However, these keys only work when the dip switches are configured to put the board in “Mac mode”. In addition to enabling the media keys, it changes a few other things, like changing the iconic HHKB “Delete” key to a more traditional “Backspace” default. Now, I understand that 99% of people probably welcome this change with open arms. However… after using the HHKB lite for so many years, I have really become accustomed to the “delete” key there, and actually prefer it now. With how I jump around my editor/terminals with emacs bindings, I have actually developed a workflow where I use delete more often than backspace.
I cannot figure out a way to have both the mac mode and “delete key default” functionality enabled at the same time. So… I have opted to just forgo the new media keys, which is unfortunate. It's a nice upgrade from the lite version, and a shame I can't take advantage of it just because I prefer the default layout of the keyboard.
Missing more “Modern” Features/Perks
The HHKB being a “classic”, seems to be lacking in some of the more “modern” features of high-end keyboards. There is no backlighting, no custom programming/macro setups, or wireless connectivity. I even believe that the two USB ports on the back are USB 2, not 3 (let alone C). While it would be nice to have some of these features in the HHKB, I'm not hurting too badly for them… yet. A modern refresh would be amazing though.
Conclusion
All in all, it is a great keyboard and I plan to use it for a long time. Typing on it feels and sounds so natural, and it has the same layout I have grown to love over the last few years. I am thrilled to finally upgrade to the pro, and wish I did so years ago.
Next Post:
Prev Post:
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Monday and stressed the importance of the United States ratifying the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal that they earlier supported and now opposes, Japanese officials said.
Abe and Clinton met for about 15 minutes at Abe's hotel in New York, where they are attending the United Nations General Assembly, the officials said. The meeting was held at Clinton's request, they added.
The two stressed the importance of strengthening the U.S.-Japan security relationship and both outlined their known positions on the 12-nation TPP, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The pact has not been ratified by either the United States or Japan.
Clinton, the Democratic candidate in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, has opposed the deal, which is unpopular with labor unions and environmental groups, although they championed it while serving as secretary of state.
In a speech to U.S. business leaders in New York on Monday, Abe described TPP as a “pillar” of the U.S. rebalance of policy emphasis to Asia, which comes in response to China's rise.
“Through the TPP, the U.S. can make clear its commitment to playing a leadership role in the growing Asia-Pacific,” they said.
“Japan and the U.S. must each obtain domestic approval of the TPP as soon as possible,” Abe said. “Success or failure will sway the direction of the global free trade system, and the strategic environment in the Asia-Pacific.”
Abe said they will pursue TPP approval at an upcoming session of the Diet.
“Japan will spare no effort, and we count on the U.S. to do the same,” they said.
On Friday, U.S. President Barack Obama engaged Ohio Gov. John Kasich, a high-profile political foe, to help press Republicans to approve the TPP before they leave office in four months.
The unusual move is a sign of how the White House intends to make a final full-court push to convince Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress to approve the deal in a lame duck session after the election.
The TPP has been pilloried by both Republican and Democratic candidates.
Republicans traditionally have backed free trade deals, but their presidential candidate, Donald Trump, has blamed them for U.S. job losses and threatened to tear them up should they win.
Abe did not meet Trump, who has accused Tokyo of not pulling its weight in its security alliance with Washington. The Japanese officials said Trump had not requested a meeting.
New York University scientists have uncovered a new approach to stimulating the body's own resident stem cells to repair nerve-insulating myelin, which is damaged by MS.
The researchers, funded in part by the National MS Society, found that by blocking a molecule present in specific stem cells, they were able to stimulate myelin repair and some recovery in mice with an MS-like disease.
In the process, they uncovered a new pathway for stimulating myelin repair and are now working to refine the approach to develop a therapy that may be used to repair myelin in people with MS in the future.
The study was published online on September 30, 2015 in the journal Nature.
Background: In MS, the myelin insulation that speeds transmission of signals by nerve fibers is damaged, and the underlying nerve fibers are also destroyed. Some natural repair occurs in people with MS, but at some point this process fails to keep up with the damage. One strategy for restoring nerve function and protecting nerve fibers from destruction is to find a way to stimulate this natural myelin repair process, which is conducted by the body's own replacement cells, or stem cells, that reside in reservoirs in the adult brain.
This Study: With funding from the National MS Society and others, Drs. James Salzer, Jayshree Samanta (a former Society postdoctoral fellow) and colleagues at New York University School of Medicine set out to uncover ways to stimulate the body's own replacement cells, or stem cells, to repair myelin damaged by MS. In a series of studies, the investigators found an unexpected subtype of stem cells in the brain that become activated and transform into myelin-making oligodendrocytes in response to myelin damage. They also found that blocking or eliminating a molecule, called Gli1, which controls the genetic program of these stem cells, they stimulated the cells to repair damaged myelin more effectively.
When they chemically blocked Gli1 in mice with the MS-like disease EAE, they were able to stimulate these stem cells to repair myelin, and the mice experienced some recovery of function.
In the process, the researchers uncovered a new pathway for stimulating myelin repair.
“These findings identify a new potential avenue for repairing myelin and restoring function in people with MS by mobilizing stem cells within the brain for repair,” said Dr. Salzer. “We are hopeful that further research and development may lead to new therapies based on these findings.”
The study, “Inhibition of Gli1 mobilizes endogenous neural stem cells for remyelination,” was published online on September 30, 2015 in the high-impact journal Nature.
Next Steps: The molecule the team used to block Gli1, called GANT61, would not likely be potent or specific enough to stimulate repair in people with MS. However, the investigators are now working to develop additional therapy-grade molecules that may more specifically and more potently block Gli1, a necessary step toward developing this lead into a new therapeutic approach to restoring function in people with MS. The National MS Society through Fast Forward plans to support Dr. Salzer's team to continue development of an enhanced Gli1 blocker for myelin repair.
Read more about research to repair the nervous system
Millions of women who feel despondent or depressed when on the pill can finally take comfort in a new study that confirms what they might have suspected all along. The research, published in JAMA Psychiatry, is the first ever to draw a connection between birth control and depression in women—particularly adolescent women. Scientists from the University of Copenhagen tracked one million Danish women between the ages of 15 and 34 over the course of 13 years. What they found was that birth control is associated with higher rates of depression. In particular, women between the ages of 15 and 19 who took oral contraceptives were 80% more likely to end up depressed.
Support Provided By Learn More
Here's Katie Mettler, reporting for The Washington Post:
Women who used the combined birth control pill, a mix of estrogen and progestin, were 23 percent more likely to be prescribed anti-depressants than nonusers, and progestin-only pills raised the likelihood by 34 percent. With the patch, antidepressant use doubled; risk increased by 60 percent for vaginal rings and 40 percent for hormonal IUDs. And for teens age 15 to 19 taking combined oral contraceptives, the use of anti-depressants spiked 80 percent. Although those percentages may seem shocking, the absolute change is a small but significant spike. Among women who did not use hormonal birth control, an average of 1.7 out of 100 began taking anti-depressants in a given year. That rate increased to 2.2 out of 100 if the women took birth control.
Still, many experts in the scientific community are challenging the research. They say that a sample size of one million lends some doubt to the study's claims—many other factors are at play, including the diversity of developmental stages represented.
But the study's authors stand by their work, noting that it presents the first high statistical correlation between birth control and depression. The inclusion of adolescent girls in this study is yet another reason to take this research seriously—we feign understanding of the teenager's inner world, but each new scientific revelation shows us just how little we actually know. A recent study published in the journal Pediatrics suggests that early puberty in girls might be linked to depression. And in some cases, depression might be triggered by an immune response . Perhaps adding to the importance of this study is this: doctors are unlikely to prescribe the pill to women who are already susceptible to depression because the pill worsens their symptoms . That means this study may underestimate the effects of contraceptives on mental health. Women are already twice as likely to experience depression as men. So while this research is complicated, the stakes are high. There are still many legitimate reasons to use birth control, but experts say that women should be aware of both the benefits and the risks.
Recieve emails about upcoming NOVA programs and related content, as well as featured reporting about current events through a science lens. Email Address Zip Code Subscribe
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested by police probing the hacking of Brit ISP TalkTalk.
The internet provider admitted on Thursday last week that someone had waged "a significant and sustained cyberattack," upon its website, and potentially swiped copies of sensitive information on four million subscribers.
This info could include names, home addresses, dates of birth, phone numbers, email addresses, and "incomplete" bank account details and credit card numbers. TalkTalk claimed it had no legal obligation to encrypt the data, which was probably accessed using a primitive SQL injection attack.
Today, at 1620 GMT, cops in Northern Ireland searched a home in County Antrim, and cuffed the schoolboy on suspicion of Computer Misuse Act offenses in connection with the cyberattack.
Their home is still being scoured, and they will spend the evening being grilled by detectives, we're told.
"This is a joint investigation by Metropolitan Police Cyber Crime Unit detectives, the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Cyber Crime Centre (CCC) and the National Crime Agency," to plod added in a statement. ®
Badly behaved youngsters top list of customers' complaints according to compilers of the Good Pub Guide
The ambience of the British boozer is being ruined by screaming babies and children whose parents allow them to run riot, according to disgruntled licensees and customers.
Badly behaved, unruly children was the number one bugbear cited in a survey by the compilers of The Good Pub Guide 2016.
The overturning of the pre-1995 ban on children under 14 being allowed in pubs in England and Wales has helped increase food takings, with the introduction of family dining, but the survey results suggest there may be an appetite for a return to a time before the rules were relaxed.
Children in pubs? There are more annoying things | Amy Fleming Read more
Guide editor Fiona Stapley said landlords welcomed families, but “sometimes with their fingers crossed behind their backs”.
They said: “I think it's something that's been irking people for a long while. The majority of children are good in pubs, most are warmly welcomed. It's this small persistent minority that spoils it for everybody,” they said.
“There may be someone sitting with a pint and a paper that doesn't want to have a child running around unchecked, tripping up waiteres carrying food, bumping into tables and screaming.”
Stapley, themselves a mother-of-two, said a number of pubs addressed the issue by having adult-only or family areas. While colouring mats and toys for children are available at many pubs, they said they were not typically found in the type of traditional pubs that feature in the guide.
They said it was parents' responsibility to keep their children under control and respond reasonably to problems.
One customer's response to the survey said: “My peaceful lunch by the fire with a pint was totally ruined by a child running around whooping and tripping up staff – and when asked to quieten down by the landlord, the poor man faced abuse from over-protective parents, ridiculous!”
The emotive nature of the issue was highlighted in July when the Waterfront in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, decided to bar under-fives from the pub completely and allow under-14s inside only until 7pm. A Facebook group calling for a boycott of the pub attracted dozens of members.
The innbetweeners: whimsical pubs of interwar years win Grade II listing Read more
Waterfront manager, Megan Morrish, said the decision was “made as a direct result of feedback from our customers. Some people were disappointed at this but the move has been welcomed by the vast majority, including couples with young children. It certainly hasn't adversely affected our business”.
Colin Fletcher, landlord of the 13th-century Bush Inn in Morwenstow, Cornwall, a child-friendly pub, said problems with disruptive children were the exception rather than the rule.
“One Sunday lunchtime, there were a couple of families that came together, probably about half a dozen children aged from eight to 12. They were quite loud. A customer who was close to them did come to the bar [to say something]. I went to the parents and said we've had a comment and they respected that.”
They added: “What can be quite irritating is if [children] run in and out in winter and leave the doors open.”
Fletcher said the secret was “to get them something to do. If the children are happy, the parents are happy.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Larrie Butler, a 90-year-old African-American man, was born in Calhoun County, South Carolina, at a time when the South was segregated during Jim Crow. They moved to Maryland after serving in the military and attending college, but returned to South Carolina in 2010. They got a voter-registration card and voted in the state in 2010. Ad Policy
In 2011, South Carolina passed a strict new voter-ID law requiring a government-issued photo ID to cast a ballot. When Butler went to the DMV to switch their driver's license from Maryland to South Carolina, they were told they needed a birth certificate to confirm their identity. But Butler was born at home, when there were few black hospitals, and never received a born certificate. When they went to the state Vital Records office to get a birth certificate, they said they needed to produce their Maryland driving records and high-school records from South Carolina. After they returned with that information, they were told they needed their elementary-school records, which Butler couldn't produce because the school was closed. So instead they found their census record, which was not accepted because their first name in the census, Larry, did not exactly match the name he'd used for their entire life, Larrie. They were told to go to court and legally change their name at 85 years old, in order to obtain the birth certificate required to get a driver's license in South Carolina and also be able to vote.
“It made me feel terrible,” Butler said.
On May 18, 2011, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley signed the voter-ID law. “If you have to show a picture ID to buy Sudafed, if you have to show a picture ID to get on an airplane, you should show a picture ID when you vote,” Haley said.
After the bill's signing, Butler spoke at a press conference 10 feet away from where Haley spoke. They held up a plane ticket and Sudafed he'd bought with their Maryland driver's license, which they were unable to use in South Carolina to vote. Shortly thereafter, the DMV called Butler and said they'd bypass the requirement for a birth certificate, allowing them to get a state driver's license and vote in future elections.
But there are still hundreds of thousands of South Carolinians facing similar obstacles as Butler. According to state data, 178,000 registered voters, 7 percent of the electorate, lack a DMV-issued photo ID. Minority voters are 20 percent more likely than whites to lack a DMV-issued ID, and there are 63,756 nonwhite registered voters without one.
“Notably, seven counties with the highest percentages of registered voters who lack DMV-issued identification are also among the ten counties in South Carolina that have the highest percentage of voting-age persons who are non-white,” according to the Department of Justice.
This could be a major issue in Saturday's Democratic presidential primary, where African Americans are expected to make up half of the electorate, in contrast to the GOP primary, which was 96 percent white.
The DOJ objected to South Carolina's voter ID law under Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act–which the Supreme Court later gutted–and a federal court approved the law only after South Carolina agreed to allow voters without a valid photo ID to cast a ballot if they signed an affidavit explaining why they had a “reasonable impediment” to obtaining voter ID. “Without the review process under the Voting Rights Act, South Carolina's voter photo ID law certainly would have been more restrictive,” wrote Judge John Bates. The law was blocked in 2012 but is now in effect for the 2016 elections—one of the sixteen states with new voting restrictions since 2012.
But state election officials are creating confusion by emphasizing that you need valid photo ID to cast a ballot, even though you don't. (To make things even more complicated, voters who have a photo ID but forget to bring one will have to return to the county elections board with that ID within 10 days to have their vote counted.)
South Carolina's new voter registration cards say you need one of five forms of photo ID to cast a ballot.
As MSNBC's Zach Roth noted, posters distributed throughout the state say: “Photo ID Requirements Now In Effect: Voters will be asked to show one of these photo IDs before voting in person.” Only in much smaller text below that—and even there, not until the third paragraph—do voters learn that they can vote without ID.
The State Elections Board tweeted incorrect information to Kira Lerner of Think Progress, saying “If you have Photo ID, you should bring it to the polls. If you don't, you'll have to show it later for your vote to count.”
Brett Bursey of the South Carolina Progressive Network calls the voter ID materials “misleading propaganda passing as educational material” and says they are looking to bring a lawsuit before the general election challenging the state's language. “We won the battle against the voter-ID law but lost the war because of the confusion over the law.”
From the beginning, South Carolina Republicans displayed a cavalier attitude toward those voters disenfranchised by the law. “Find me those people that think that this is invading their rights,” said Governor Haley, “and I will go take them to the DMV myself and help them get that picture ID.” Transporting the 178,000 registered voters who lack a voter ID to the DMV would take Haley seven years, four months, three weeks and five days, Think Progress calculated.
Such confusion is no accident, opponents of the law say. The measure was passed to target black voters who disproportionately lack a voter ID, says Bakari Sellers, a black Democrat who served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2006 to 2014. “Race was at the heart of this. After Obama was elected, there was a fear of many more brown people and persons of color showing up to the polls.”
South Carolina has a long history of nasty racial politics, from the Civil War to Strom Thurmond, and the voter-ID debate was no exception. Members of the South Carolina Legislative Black Caucus walked out of the legislature when the bill was first considered. After the law passed, Ed Koziol, a Republican supporter of the law, wrote an e-mail to the bill's author, Representative Alan Clemmons of Myrtle Beach, saying that if African Americans were offered a $100 award for obtaining voter ID, “you would see how fast they got voter ID cards with their picture. It would be like a swarm of bees going after a watermelon.”
“Amen, Ed. Thank you for your support of voter ID,” Clemmons responded.
Clemmons also tweeted after DOJ blocked the law, “Are you surprised Obama justice/Eric Holder/Jesse Jackson ignore US Supreme Court in killing voter ID”?
The racist rhetoric supporting the voter-ID bill occurred before the killing of Walter Scott and the murder of nine churchgoers in Charleston brought national attention to the enduring problem of racism in South Carolina. Many Republicans in South Carolina have not moderated their views: Seventy percent of Donald Trump supporters said they wish the Confederate Flag was still flying about the statehouse, 38 percent wish the South had won the Civil War, and 20 percent disagree with fleeing the slaves.
A toxic mixture of racial politics and voter-fraud hysteria led to the law's passage. South Carolina Republicans repeatedly made absurd claims about fraud to justify the measure, claiming that 900 dead people voted in the 2010 election. “We know for a fact that there are deceased people whose identities are being used in elections in South Carolina,” South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson said. “We must have certainty in South Carolina that zombies aren't voting,” Clemmons added.
But an investigation by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division “found zero cases of illegal activity,” according to the Columbia Free Times. In court filings, the state “did not include any evidence or instance of either in-person voter impersonation or any other type of fraud,” DOJ noted. Visit Cuba with The Nation! Learn More
“The misinformation, the hateful rhetoric, the lack of sympathy in this debate, it still infuriates me to this day,” Sellers says. “There's no recognition that people were died and beaten for the right to vote.”
About
More images available here
Environment concept images
-conceptual renders for area 4 of the game
Curious about the game? Take a look at a brief history of A Wizard's Day. Go from concept to it's present status and get a good insight on it's development process so far.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
"I just watched the video you had on the history of the project and it's pretty impressive that you have pushed it through three iterations already! That is no easy feat!"-Carmine Red, backer
Walkthrough of version three.
Walkthrough of version two
Walkthrough version one
If this video isn't showing up and you'd like to view it, please check out this link here.
Legend speaks of two staffs, forged by light and dark. The Staff of Fortitude (light) and the Staff of Turpitude (dark). These relics hold a powerful secret and they both have new masters... two great wizards.
The game starts high atop the evil wizard Zorgamor's castle. With the Staff of Fortitude in possession, you, the wizard Merlicus, have come to stop them from casting a maleficent spell that will turn the kingdoms people to stone. But you're seconds to late! Using the dark power found within the Staff of Turpitude, Zorgamor casts their terrible spell.
A brilliant shockwave emits from the castle top, spreading across the kingdom and reeking it's evil effects. Fortunately for you, the Staff of Fortitude gave protection but the spells dark power drained it's magic and broke it apart. The wave shatters it into pieces, sending them flying to all parts of the kingdom.
With what little magic the Staff of Turpitude had, Zorgamor used it to banish you to a remote part of the woods, leaving you defenseless and to perish. Having the last of it's dark power taken, it too broke into pieces, shattering across the kingdom. This was of little concern to Zorgamor, as they had accomplished what they wanted with the staff.
Little did they know the true strength of these two staffs. Now it's up to you to find the pieces, restore their power and free the kingdoms people from their stone prisons.
The project is at a stage in which I need to hire some outside help and that's were you guys comes in. Ideally I'd like to bring 3 people onto the project; a musician, a programmer and an animator. Each fully taking the work load so I can concentrate on the modeling, texturing, lighting, FX, level design, ect. while overseeing things.
The audio is very important for the game and doing this on my own is simply not a possible solution. I absolutely need someone else's talents for this and that's fairly expensive.
I'll need additional programming to make sure the game does what it needs to. This work takes me the longest by far and eats up my time. While I've been able to code what I need to so far, I'll need help with the more complex scripting and behaviors. Making sure the game runs as well as it can is very important. Having this will be extremely helpful.
I'll also need some additional help with animation. While I can do the animation, it again eats up a lot of my time. With the variety of enemies, bosses, and environmental animations I'm aiming for, I'll certainly need the help. I want the animation to be as good as it can be and that means outsourcing some or all of the work .
I need to finish building the other areas of the game, finish up the level designs/planning, and basically complete all the assets needed for the game. So as well as hiring others, I also need a little money love.
The current goal is to get this game out for PC/Mac but I have other platform aspirations! Right now I have the Wii U in mind. Maybe as a timed exclusive or even as a Wii U exclusive period. It all depends on how successful the initial Kickstarter and reception is.
As a hopeful studio start-up, I need to keep my scope within a realistic range. If I had to choose just one console platform to release on right now, it'd be Wii U no doubt. So that's what I'm aiming for. I have ideas for the gamepad and I feel it's style and gameplay type would be well suited for the Wii U/Nintendo audience.
*Developer status approved. Now a certified Nintendo developer!
Regardless of the game being exclusive or not, with the Wii U release I'd like to have a special version of "The Enchanted Realm" inspired by the Nintendo universe. Given the O.K, the Nintendo enchanted realm would feature all sorts of nods to their franchises.
Yup, that's me and my Mario birthday cake... at 35. I've been a Nintendo fan since the mid 80's and having a game of mine be released on a Nintendo platform is a lifelong dream!
What fun is backing a game if you have no input with it? I plan to involve backers with meaningful contests and polls that will directly influence the game.
Tier Three (Grand Wizards) will only be eligible to partake in this contest.
Early birds will also be eligible.
Want to see a creation of yours come to life? Now's your chance! With each area, I'll be holding a contest for an enemy character. The winner will have their or their concept made and appear within it's home.
Tier Three (Grand Wizards) will be eligible for this contest.
Early birds will also be eligible.
Have an idea for an alternative outfit for the hero wizard? Biker Wizard, Clown Wizard, Merman Wizard, whatever! As long as it's not to gratuitous. The Community will vote for the top 5 outfits suggested and will see them in the game.
Along the development process, I plan to make weekly updates, whether that may be with major milestones or just minor 'how things are going' updates. You'll know how the project is progressing.
Community activities will also be added when the opportunity arises. For instance, if the Wii U platform is confirmed, I'll take suggestions for cool ways to use the gamepad.
Which one of these will be for you?
Even though it's just me behind the wheel, I've made some cool incentives to help persuade those wallets. Rewards are divided between three tiers and each tier has different levels. The higher the tier level you belong to, the better the freebies you'll have access to.
$10: Tier One - Level 1
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
$20: Tier One - Level 2
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus *NEW*
$30: Tier Two - Level 1
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus
Bonus item, "The Book of Knowledge" *NEW*
$50: Tier Two - Level 2
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus
Bonus item, "The Book of Knowledge"
Bonus area, "The Enchanted Realm" *NEW*
$70: Tier Two - Level 3
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus
Bonus item, "The Book of Knowledge"
Bonus area, "The Enchanted Realm"
Bonus mode, play through the game as the evil wizard Zorgamor with new texture assets and harder difficulty. *NEW*
$80: Tier Three - Level 1
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus
Bonus item, "The Book of Knowledge"
Bonus area, "The Enchanted Realm"
Bonus mode, play through the game as the evil wizard Zorgamor with new texture assets and harder difficulty.
Design an alternative outfit *NEW*
$90: Tier Three - Level 2
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus
Bonus item, "The Book of Knowledge"
Bonus area, "The Enchanted Realm"
Bonus mode, play through the game as the evil wizard Zorgamor with new texture assets and harder difficulty
Design an alternative outfit
Design an enemy. Give it a bio and a name. Will be featured in "The Book of Knowledge" *NEW*
$100: Tier Three - Level 3
Name in a dedicated spot called "The hall of heroes"
5 alternative outfits for the wizard Merlicus
Bonus item, "The Book of Knowledge"
Bonus area, "The Enchanted Realm"
Bonus mode, play through the game as the evil wizard Zorgamor with new texture assets and harder difficulty.
Design an alternative outfit
Design an enemy. Give it a bio and a name. Will be featured in "The Book of Knowledge".
Free copy of the game *NEW*
Well, maybe not dire but I've spent my life-savings doing this project and taking a shot. It's been my full time job with out the benefit of being paid. I'm at a point where I need to either start working and be forced to relegate the time spent on the game to weekends and what not, or get help funding so I can continue and finish what I set out to do. Hopefully you like what you see and decide it's the type of game you'd like to see funded and finished! If all goes well I hope to start a small studio (ToneRed Studios) and continue making games. I have a lot of ideas and want you to be able to play and enjoy the one that started me on this journey!
Regardless of this Kickstarter being successful or not, I'd like to thank all who've taken an interest with this project and made a donation. Whether that's just one person or a thousand, thank you!
Chloe Grace Moretz, Tom Holland and Asa Butterfield are also among the cast for the indie adventure-drama that FilmNation is unveiling at the American Film Market.
Emerging filmmaker Shane Carruth has assembled an impressive cast for their latest movie project, The Modern Ocean.
Anne Hathaway, Keanu Reeves, Daniel Radcliffe, Chloe Grace Moretz, Tom Holland, Asa Butterfield, Jeff Goldblum and Beasts of No Nation breakout Abraham Attah will star in the ensemble adventure drama, based on Carruth's 200-page script, which is described as being filled with pictures and diagrams.
The storyline revolves around vengeance and the fierce competition for valuable shipping routes and priceless materials that converge in a spectacular battle on the rolling decks of behemoth cargo ships.
"This epic tale, fraught with danger and intrigue, takes us from the ancient trading houses of Algeria to the darkest depths of the ocean floor," said FilmNation in describing the project, which it will introduce to foreign buyers converging this week in Santa Monica for the American Film Market.
Modern Ocean is sure to draw keen interest for its cast alone.
Carruth is a software engineer turned indie filmmaker. They made their debut with the low-budget sci-fi movie Primer, which won won the Grand Jury Prize and the Alfred P. Sloan Feature Film Prize at the Sundance Film Festival. Their follow-up was the 2013 movie Upstream Color.
Carruth also will act in the upcoming movie and is producing via their banner erbp, along with Blackbird's Lawrence Inglee (The Day After Tomorrow) and Tadmor's Eyal Rimmon (American Ultra).
The producers are promising a movie that will be “enormously inventive, but grounded in arcane reality” and “will draw audiences into a secretive world filled with mysterious technologies and bitter rivalries.”
Character details for the actors' roles were not revealed.
When the city's first bike-share program prepares to kick off next month, NYC will take it to the next level as a formidably bike-friendly town, to the joy of many (and chagrin of a few). And while CitiBike aims to be a commuters' tool over a recreational one, there are plenty of long, spectacular and scenic rides in and around the city to remind you that sometimes the best part of going from point A to point B is the journey itself, especially when that journey doesn't involve spending a lot of time underground with this guy. Here are a few of our favorite rides; as always, leave yours in the comments.
Ocean Parkway bike path (Courtesy seth_holladay's flickr)
CARROLL GARDENS TO CONEY ISLAND: Ocean Parkway was home to the United States' first bike path, way back in the pre-Steve Cuozzo year of 1894. Some of the Parkway was killed in the 1970s to make room for the Prospect Expressway, but you can still ride the mostly tree-lined path, which is separated from the pedestrian path, from Prospect Park to Coney Island. Head over to the park from Cobble Hill/Carroll Gardens for a quiet brownstone tour, then hit Ocean Parkway and keep on going until you hit Boardwalk mainstay Ruby's Bar & Grill for a beer. Just watch out while riding through Midwood and Borough Park; you might find pedestrians walking three or four abreast through the bike path, so exercise caution.
The Ocean Parkway bike path runs from Ocean Parkway and East 8th Street in Kensington, Brooklyn all the way down to Surf Avenue in Coney Island.
Hudson River Greenway near Chelsea Piers. (Courtesy seth_holladay's flickr)
HUDSON RIVER GREENWAY: This long strip of smooth paved bike path lining the Hudson River is a favorite among city cyclists, with a fully-protected route guiding riders from Battery Park City all the way up to the George Washington Bridge. The route can get a little clogged with joggers and pedestrians by the Intrepid and cruise ships in Midtown, but it's mostly smooth sailing through Chelsea, and once you've made it up to the Boat Basin in the '70s the traffic thins out. For maximum enjoyment in the summer, try to knock off a few hours early on a Friday to avoid weekend congestion.
Otherwise, the ride offers marvelous views, plus if you make it to the little red lighthouse by the GWB, you can stop at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que on 125th Street to fuel up for the ride back; they've got bike racks out front, and if the joint's too crowded you can take your food out and picnic on the grass by the river. And for the truly adventurous/fit/masochistic, you can ride all the way up to Inwood and take in some medieval tapestries and outdoor bliss at the Cloisters while you rest your weary gluteus maximus.
The Hudson River Greenway's bike path runs 11 miles continuously from Battery Park City up to the George Washington Bridge.
Courtesy Trish Mayo's flickr
GOVERNORS ISLAND: In addition to boasting dozens of arts and culture events in the spring and summer, Governors Island is one of the best car-free places to bike in the area. Though the bike loop doesn't go around the whole island (at least not yet), it'll still take you through tree-lined trails, past grandiose mansions and old army barracks and by dazzling views of Lower Manhattan and the NY Harbor. Both the East River Ferry and free Governors Island ferries accommodate bikes, but you can also rent single and tandem bikes from kiosks on the island, plus they offer free one-hour rentals on holiday Mondays.
Governors Island is open in the summer on Saturdays, Sundays and holiday Mondays; visit govisland.com for details.
These Bronx River Path-crossers are almost as bad as pedestrians! (Courtesy blitzkriegflop's flickr)
BRONX RIVER PATH: For a more natural, woodsy ride, this paved pathway runs adjacent to the Bronx River Parkway, from the city's northern limits up through Westchester. If you're not coming from the Bronx and want to save yourself a wicked ride to the trail's start, you can take Metro-North up to Mount Vernon West; purchase a $5 bike pass at Grand Central to bring your wheels along. The path kicks off on Oak Street in Mount Vernon, where you can ride through lush scenery, under bridges and along the riverbank. It runs in three segments: a one-mile loop near Oak Street in Mount Vernon; a 3.6-mile section from Bronxville to Scarsdale and a 5-mile section from Hartsdale to Kensico Dam Plaza in Valhalla, and intermittent Metro-North stations line the pathway in case you need to make a quick exit out of suburbia.
The Bronx River Path runs from Oak Street and Sherwood Ave in Mount Vernon, Westchester up to Kenisco Dam Plaza in Valhalla.
View from the Pulaski Bridge (Triborough)
PULASKI TO WILLIAMSBURG BRIDGE: Our own Christopher Robbins dubbed this one the Superfund to Superthighs ride a while back (new name: NoBroSlow), and it'll take you on a scenic tour of North Brooklyn all the way from Long Island City to the Lower East Side. Head down commercial Manhattan Ave until you hit residential Noble Street— from there, you can ride to Lorimer and head to McCarren Park for a quick loop before meandering down Driggs Ave, or you can bypass the park and ride the Kent Ave bike path all the way down to the Williamsburg Bridge at South 5th Street over into the Lower East Side. Either way, you'll get stellar views of the Manhattan skyline, a solid dual bridge workout and a possible pit-stop at that new closet you rented to store your spare tires.
The NoBroSlow ride kicks off at the Pulaski Bridge in Long Island City, Queens and ends on Delancey Street on the Lower East Side.
View of Breezy Point from The Marine Parkway-Gil Hodges Memorial Bridge (John Del Signore / Gothamist)
ROCKAWAYS RIDE The beaches at Fort Tilden won't reopen this summer because of damage from Hurricane Sandy, but the beaches at Jacob Riis, located next door, will reopen, as well as parts of Rockaway beach. I like to take my bike on the bike on the B/Q line to the Sheepshead Bay / East 16 Street station (at Avenue Z). From there, it's about a 7 mile bike ride, first through relatively quiet residential streets, then on a bike path along the beaches, and finally over the Marine Parkway Gil Hodges Memorial Bridge; head left once you're off the bridge to head to Jacob Riis. If you want to press further and get some tacos, it's another couple of miles to Rockaway Beach from there.
Alternatively, you can bike to Rockaway Beach after exploring the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge. (On this Sunday, which is supposed to be lovely, you can join an Earth Day Bike Ride to the wildlife refuge.) If you don't want to exhaust yourself completely, lug your bike on the A train to Howard Beach and cut over to Cross Bay Boulevard, which takes you across the bay via two bridges. The wildlife refuge is roughly at the midway point, so after some peaceful birdwatching, you can complete the journey to the beach—this route lets you off right by Beach 94th Street. (John Del Signore)
Our less strenuous Rockaways Ride starts either at the B/Q stop at Sheepshead Bay / East 16 Street (make a pit stop at the fun El Greco diner) or at the Howard Beach A stop, depending on your interest in the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge. You can also do a loop if you're feeling extra ambitious.
JAISALMER: Four postal department officials based out of Pokhran and Balotra in Jaisalmer were on Monday arrested for allegedly spying for Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). They are said to be passing on Army-related letters and other documents to a Pakistani agent.The arrests were made after joint raids at post offices in Pokhran and Balotra by the Intelligence Bureau (IB), CID Border Intelligence and the local police. Among those arrested is Kishanpal Singh, post master at Pokhran's chief post office.The accused were allegedly passing on confidential information about Army, like those related to war exercises, addresses of the army men, etc, to ISI. War exercises are frequently held at the Pokhran field firing range.Jodhpur zone SP (CID) Santosh Chalke confirmed that post master Singh and computer operator Narendra Sharma from Pokhran post office were arrested under Official Secrets Act for sending sensitive information to an ISI handler. "Two employees of the Balotra main post office were also arrested. Also, post inspector Vasu Dev Meghwal has been detained. A woman named Pramila was released as preliminary investigations," they said.Jaisalmer SP Rajiv Pachar said Singh has accepted that they were forwarding information about the Army to an ISI handler for the past three to four months. "Further investigations would reveal how much money they received for this," they said.Prior to this, two months ago Patwari Gordhan Singh Rathore was arrested in the area on charges of spying for ISI. More than 20 SIM cards, registered in different names, were recovered from him. They were using these to share information across the border.
This week, lawmakers in Italy are debating a controversial new bill that could have disastrous implications for Wikipedia . Yesterday, the encyclopedia posted a lengthy letter on its Italian portal, informing visitors that the site may be shuttered within the country if parliament passes the proposed DDL Intercettazioni, or "Wiretapping Law." If ratified, the legislation would require all online publishers to amend any content considered objectionable or defamatory within 48 hours of receiving a complaint. Offenders would face a fine of €12,000 (about $16,000), and any requested corrections would not be subject to review. Of course, this presents obvious problems for the crowdsourced (and crowd-edited) Wikipedia, which characterized the law as "an unacceptable restriction of [its] freedom and independence." The site took particular umbrage at the bill's apparent disregard for third-party review, pointing out that the "opinion of the person allegedly injured is all that is required" to force a re-write, "regardless of the truthfulness of the information deemed as offensive, and its sources." At the moment, the portal is still up, but masked by Wikipedia's letter. If the Wiretapping Law progresses further, however, the organization says it will have no choice but to delete its Italian platform altogether.[Image courtesy of Toutlecine
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Intercontinental pen pals meet for first time since writing began 50 years ago
Two pen pals who have been writing from opposite ends of the earth for 50 years have met in person for the first time.
Rosemary Caskin, from Gloucestershire, began sending letters 10,193 miles (16,400km) to Edith Dawson in Australia when they were nine-years-old.
Ms Dawson, three years their senior, has now made the journey from Kapunda in South Australia, to Wotton-under-Edge, for Mrs Caskin's 60th birthday.
The pair said it was a "very exciting" point in their lives.
Image caption Edith Dawson (left) has flown in from Australia for Rosemary Caskin's 60th birthday
A celebratory cake was made for the occasion featuring a map of the UK and Australia, an airmail letter and some flying '50' banners.
Ms Dawson said: "When we were [nine] and 12 you couldn't even imagine being 50, let along actually corresponding with someone for that time."
Marriages and children
Reflecting back to the 1960s, Mrs Caskin said: "It was the thing to have pen friends. Schools were encouraging it and my school friend had a pen pal."
That pen pal was actually Mrs Caskin's sister, they added.
The two have shared much of life for half a century, corresponding through hand-written letters, emails and sending gifts.
"We've both had two marriages so there was the joy of our first marriage, the joy of having children, the sadness of when our first marriages failed and identifying one with another over that and really feeling for each other," added Mrs Caskin.
U.S. Presidential candidate and Republican Senator of Florida Marco Rubio speaks at the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition's forum in Waukee, Iowa, April 25, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young
GOP Rep. Ron DeSantis on Wednesday announced that they will run for the Senate seat being vacated by Republican Sen. Marco Rubio in 2016, teeing up a possible intra-party fight for the Florida GOP that some Republicans fear could weaken them ahead of a competitive general election.
“As a candidate for Senate, I look forward to offering reforms based on limited government principles that will make our country stronger and more prosperous," DeSantis said in a statement to the Associated Press. "I see a bright future for Florida and for America and my campaign will be about the ideas and principles that will help us achieve a more perfect union.”
Rubio announced last month that they were running for president, opening up the race for their Senate seat. Florida law does not currently allow simultaneous runs for both offices, and Rubio is not seeking to change it.
DeSantis, a member of the House Freedom Caucus and a tea party favorite, is the first Republican to formally enter the race after a handful of other top recruits opted out of running. But several other Republican candidates with closer ties to the GOP establishment -- mostly notably Lt. Gov. Carlos Lopez-Cantera -- are likely to enter the race as well, setting up a primary battle that mirrors the tea party vs. establishment fights of recent election cycles.
That potential fight became more apparent after the Senate Conservatives Fund and the Club for Growth -- which both have anti-establishment tendencies and have stood behind tea party insurgents in recent cycles -- immediately endorsed DeSantis. The SCF pledged to begin raising money for DeSantis's campaign immediately while the Club pointed out DeSantis 95 percent rating on its congressional scorecard.
"Ron DeSantis has been a courageous voice for economic conservatism in the House, and he's the best choice to carry on the great work that Senator Marco Rubio has already done in representing Florida," said Club for Growth President David McIntosh in a statement.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee has met with DeSantis, according to a NRSC aide who said the group "respects their candidacy" and is willing to meet with anyone interested in running.
The Post's Sean Sullivan and Katie Zezima reported last month on the stakes for the Florida GOP, and the potential impact a competitive primary could have on the party's ability to compete in the 2016 general election in what could become a key state in the battle for control of the Senate:
"Republicans feel that having Rubio or fellow Floridian Jeb Bush at the top of the ticket in 2016 could provide a boost in the Senate race. But if the Senate nominee is weak, that won't be enough.
'I think it's fair to say that Republicans are both nervous and excited,' said Adam Goodman, a Florida Republican strategist.
Adding to the urgency of fielding a top Republican candidate is the apparent strength of Rep. Patrick Murphy, the Democratic frontrunner. The rising star and talented fundraiser who represents a swing district recently entered the race with the backing of the Democratic establishment."
The state and national Democratic Party wasted no time in painting DeSantis as a right-wing extremist, who they say is out of touch with the middle class.
“After six different Republicans passed on Florida's Senate race, Washington Republicans now have to decide if they will embrace Tea Party extremist Congressman DeSantis who is wildly out of step with mainstream Floridians," said Justin Barasky, communications director for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. “While Republicans struggle in this open-seat contest, Democrats have a strong candidate in Patrick Murphy who is running a great campaign and will continue fighting for Florida families in the Senate.”
Democrats may face a drawn-out primary battle of their own -- while Murphy is a strong candidate, they may face a challenge from liberal favorite Rep. Alan Grayson, who is also weighing a run.
On the Republican side, GOP Reps. David Jolly and Jeff Miller have also indicated their interest in running.
Let's recap the current smartphone/tablet SoC landscape. Everything shipping today is built on a 4x-nm process, built either at Global Foundries, Samsung, TSMC or UMC. Next year we'll see a move to 28nm (bringing better performance and power characteristics) but between now and the end of 2012 there will be a myriad of designs available on the market.
The table below encapsulates much of what you can expect over the next 12+ months:
2011/2012 SoC Comparison SoC Process Node CPU GPU Memory Bus Release Apple A5 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ 1GHz PowerVR SGX 543MP2 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Now NVIDIA Tegra 2 40nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 @ 1GHz GeForce 1 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Now NVIDIA Tegra 3/Kal-El 40nm 4 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ ~1.3GHz GeForce++ 1 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Q4 2011 Samsung Exynos 4210 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ 1.2GHz ARM Mali-400 MP4 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Now Samsung Exynos 4212 32nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ 1.5GHz ARM Mali-400 MP4 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 2012 ST-Ericsson NovaThor LP9600 (Nova A9600) 28nm 2 x ARM Cortex-A15 @ 2.5GHz IMG PowerVR Series 6 (Rogue) Dual Memory 2013 ST-Ericsson Novathor L9540 (Nova A9540) 32nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 @ 1.85GHz IMG PowerVR Series 5 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 2H 2012 ST-Ericsson NovaThor U9500 (Nova A9500) 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 @ 1.2GHz ARM Mali-400 MP1 1 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Now ST-Ericsson NovaThor U8500 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 @ 1.0GHz ARM Mali-400 MP1 1 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Now TI OMAP 4430 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ 1.2GHz PowerVR SGX 540 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Now TI OMAP 4460 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ 1.5GHz PowerVR SGX 540 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 Q4 11 - 1H 12 TI OMAP 4470 45nm 2 x ARM Cortex A9 w/ MPE @ 1.8GHz PowerVR SGX 544 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 1H 2012 TI OMAP 5 28nm 2 x ARM Cortex A15 @ 2GHz PowerVR SGX 544MPx 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 2H 2012 Qualcomm MSM8x60 45nm 2 x Scorpion @ 1.5GHz Adreno 220 1 x 32-bit LPDDR2* Now Qualcomm MSM8960 28nm 2 x Krait @ 1.5GHz Adreno 225 2 x 32-bit LPDDR2 1H 2012
The key is this: other than TI's OMAP 5 in the second half of 2012 and Qualcomm's Krait, no one else has announced plans to release a new microarchitecture in the near term. Furthermore, if we only look at the first half of next year, Qualcomm is the only company that's focused on significantly improving per-core performance through a new architecture. Everyone else is either scaling up in core count (NVIDIA) or clock speeds. As we've seen in the PC industry however, generational performance gaps are hard to overcome - even with more cores or frequency.
Qualcomm has an ARM architecture license enabling it to build its own custom micro architectures that implement the ARM instruction set. This is similar to how AMD has an x86 license but designs its own chips rather than just producing clones of Intel processors. Qualcomm remains the only active player in the smartphone/tablet space that uses its architecture license to put out custom designs. The benefit to a custom design is typically better power and performance characteristics compared to the more easily synthesizable designs you get directly from ARM. The downside is development time and costs go up tremendously.
Scorpion was Qualcomm's first Snapdragon CPU architecture. At a high level, it looked very much like an optimized ARM Cortex A8 design although the two had nothing in common outside of instruction set. Scorpion was a dual-issue, in-order architecture that eventually scaled to dual-core and 1.5GHz variants.
Scorpion was pretty much the CPU architecture of choice in the 2009 - 2010 timeframe. Throughout 2011 however, Qualcomm has been very quiet as dual Cortex A9 designs from NVIDIA, Samsung and TI have surpassed it in terms of performance.
Going into 2012, Qualcomm is set for a return to glory as it will be the first to deliver a brand-new microprocessor architecture and the first to ship 28nm SoCs in volume. Qualcomm's next-generation SoCs will also be the first to integrate an LTE modem on-die, which should enable LTE on nearly all high-end devices at much better power levels than current multi-chip 4x-nm solutions. Today we're able to talk a bit about the architecture details and performance expectations of Qualcomm's next-generation SoC due out in the first half of 2012.
Krait Architecture
The Krait processor is the heart of Qualcomm's second generation Snapdragon and it's the core of all Snapdragon S4 SoCs. Krait takes the aging base of Scorpion and gives it a much-needed dose of adrenaline.
Krait's front end is significantly wider. The architecture can fetch and decode three instructions per clock. The decoders are equally capable of decoding any ARMv7-A instructions. The wider front end is a significant improvement over the 2-wide Scorpion core. It alone will be responsible for a tangible increase in IPC.
Architecture Comparison ARM11 ARM Cortex A8 ARM Cortex A9 Qualcomm Scorpion Qualcomm Krait Decode single-issue 2-wide 2-wide 2-wide 3-wide Pipeline Depth 8 stages 13 stages 8 stages 10 stages 11 stages Out of Order Execution N N Y Partial Y FPU VFP11 (pipelined) VFPv3 (not-pipelined) Optional VFPv3-D16 (pipelined) VFPv3 (pipelined) VFPv3 (pipelined) NEON N/A Y (64-bit wide) Optional MPE (64-bit wide) Y (128-bit wide) Y (128-bit wide) Process Technology 90nm 65nm/45nm 40nm 40nm 28nm Typical Clock Speeds 412MHz 600MHz/1GHz 1.2GHz 1GHz 1.5GHz
The execution back-end receives a similar expansion. Whereas the original Scorpion core only had three ports to its execution units, Krait increases that to seven. Krait can issue up to four instructions in parallel. The additional execution ports simply help prevent any artificial constraints on ILP. This is another area where Krait will be able to see significant IPC gains.
Krait's fetch and decode stages are obviously in-order, but the back-end is entirely out-of-order. Qualcomm claims that any instruction can be executed out of order, assuming that doing so doesn't create any new hazards. Instructions are retired in order.
Qualcomm lengthened Krait's integer pipeline slightly from 10 stages in Scorpion to 11 stages in Krait. Load/store operations tack on another two cycles and instructions that go through the Neon/VFP path further lengthen the pipe. ARM's Cortex A15 design by comparison features a 15-stage integer pipeline. Qualcomm's design does contain more custom logic than ARM's stock A15, which has typically given it a clock speed advantage. The A15's deeper pipeline should give it a clock speed advantage as well. Whether the two effectively cancel each other out remains to be seen.
Qualcomm Architecture Comparison Scorpion Krait Pipeline Depth 10 stages 11 stages Decode 2-wide 3-wide Issue Width 3-wide? 4-wide Execution Ports 3 7 L2 Cache (dual-core) 512KB 1MB Core Configurations 1, 2 1, 2, 4
Krait has been upgraded to support the new virtualization instructions added in Cortex A15. Also like the A15, Krait enables LPAE for 40-bit memory addressing.
At a high-level Qualcomm has built a 3-wide, out-of-order engine that feels very much like a modern version of Intel's old P6. Whereas designs from the A8 generation looked like modern Pentiums, Krait takes us into the era of the Pentium II.
Note that courtesy of the wider front-end and OoO execution engine, Krait should be a higher performance architecture than Intel's Atom. That's right, you'll be able to get better performance than some of the very first Centrino notebooks in your smartphones come 2012.
Performance Expectations
Performance of ARM cores has always been characterized by DMIPS (Dhrystone Millions of Instructions per Second). An extremely old integer benchmark, Dhrystone was popular in the PC market when I was growing up but was abandoned long ago in favor of more representative benchmarks. You can get a general idea of performance improvements across similar architectures assuming there are no funny compiler tricks at play. The comparison of single-core DMIPS/MHz is below:
ARM DMIPS/MHz ARM11 ARM Cortex A8 ARM Cortex A9 Qualcomm Scorpion Qualcomm Krait DMIPS/MHz 1.25 2.0 2.5 2.1 3.3
At 3.3, Krait should be around 30% faster than a Cortex A9 running at the same frequency. At launch Krait will run 25% faster than most A9s on the market today, a gap that will only grow as Qualcomm introduces subsequent versions of the core. It's not unreasonable to expect a 30 - 50% gain in performance over existing smartphone designs. ARM hasn't published DMIPS/MHz numbers for the Cortex A15, although rumors place its performance around 3.5 DMIPS/MHz.
Updated VeNum Unit
ARM's NEON instruction set is handled by a dedicated unit in all of its designs. Krait is no different. Qualcomm calls its NEON engine VeNum and has increased its issue capabilities by 50%. Whereas Scorpion could only issue two NEON instructions in parallel, Krait can do three.
Qualcomm's NEON data paths are still 128-bits wide.
Update: Qualcomm published its whitepaper on the Snapdragon S4. Check it out here.
Russia saved the ExoMars program aimed at exploring the Martian environment from closing when the United States exited the research, Sergei Savelev, a deputy head of the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos), said Wednesday.
CANNES (Sputnik) — In 2012, the European Space Agency and Roscosmos agreed on developing the ExoMars program with an objective to find out whether life ever existed on the planet.
© Sputnik / Iliya Pitalev Space Exploration? US Can't Make It Without Russian Rocket Engines
"In 2011, NASA drastically reduced its participation in ExoMars, and then exited the project due to a number of objective reasons. Roscosmos then accepted the offer of the European Space Agency to support the project. The idea was to actually save the ExoMars mission," Savelev said, speaking at the presentation of a space station and a lander.
Savelev explained that Russia had agreed to join the program on several conditions, including the necessary participation of Russian scientists in the creation of equipment and experiments, as well as equal access to research results.
Under the ExoMars project, two missions will be carried out. In 2016, an orbital probe will be launched to Mars, followed by the arrival to Mars of a lander. In 2018, a Martian rover probe will be launched to explore the surface of the planet.
Below you will find all of RotoBaller's fantasy football rankings for the 2019 NFL season:
2019 Redraft - Early PPR Rankings
Dynasty League Rankings
2019 NFL Rookie Rankings - coming soon
Fantasy Football Rankings by NFL Position
ALL - QB - RB - WR - TE - DEF
Our fantasy football rankings articles are broken down by NFL position, and include analysis on numerous league formats including: PPR, non-PPR, redraft, keeper, dynasty and deeper formats too.
Fantasy football rankings are an important piece of your preseason draft strategies, and your in-season roster management as well. This rankings dashboard will be updated continuously throughout the preseason and NFL season with fresh analysis and updated rankings. Stay on top of our rankings analysis and content all season long.
Draft Rankings and Analysis (August)
Quarterback Rankings (August)
Running Back PPR Rankings (August)
Wide Receiver PPR Rankings (August)
Tight End PPR Rankings (August)
Running Back Standard Rankings (August)
Wide Receiver Standard Rankings (August)
Tight End Standard Rankings (August)
Defense Rankings - D/ST (August)
IDP Rankings - Defensive Players (August)
2018 Best Ball / MFL10 Rankings (June)
Running Back Best Ball Rankings (June)
Wide Receiver Best Ball Rankings (June)
Tight End Best Ball Rankings (June)
Defense Best Ball Rankings (June)
2018 PPR Rankings (June)
Running Back PPR Rankings (June)
Wide Receiver PPR Rankings (June)
Tight End PPR Rankings (June)
Quarterback Rankings (June)
2018 Half-PPR Rankings (June)
Running Back Half-PPR Rankings (June)
Wide Receiver Half-PPR Rankings (June)
Tight End Half-PPR Rankings (June)
Quarterback Rankings (June)
2018 Dynasty Rankings (June)
Running Back Dynasty Rankings (June) - coming soon
Wide Receiver Dynasty Rankings - Part One (June)
Wide Receiver Dynasty Rankings - Part Two (June)
Tight End Dynasty Rankings (June)
2018 Dynasty Rankings (Pre-Draft)
Running Back Dynasty Rankings (February)
Wide Receiver Dynasty Rankings (February)
Tight End Dynasty Rankings (February)
Quarterback Dynasty Rankings (February)
2018 Rookie Draft Rankings (Pre-Draft)
Running Back Rookie Draft Rankings (February)
Wide Receiver Rookie Draft Rankings (February)
Tight End Rookie Draft Rankings (February)
Quarterback Rookie Draft Rankings (February)
Ranking Archives
Click below to see archives of our rankings from previous years. Categories include tiered staff rankings for PPR, Half-PPR and Standard scoring leagues. Also included are impact rookie rankings and dynasty rankings.
2017 fantasy football rankings columns and analysis
2016 fantasy football rankings columns and analysis
"War is a racket," wrote retired US Marine Major General Smedley D Butler, in 1935. That statement, which is also the title of their short book on war profiteering, rings true today.
One courageous civil servant just won a battle to hold war profiteers accountable. Them name is Bunnatine "Bunny" Greenhouse. They blew the whistle when their employer, the US Army Corps of Engineers, gave a no-bid $7bn contract to the Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg, Brown and Root (KBR) as the US was about to invade Iraq. They were doing their job, trying to ensure a competitive bidding process would save the US government money. For that, they were forced out of their senior position, demoted and harassed.
Just this week, after waging a legal battle for more than half a decade, Bunny Greenhouse won. The US Army Corps of Engineers settled with Greenhouse for $970,000, representing full restitution for lost wages, compensatory damages and attorneys' fees.
Them "offence" was to challenge the KBR contract. It was weeks before the expected invasion of Iraq, in 2003, and Bush military planners predicted Saddam Hussein would blow up Iraqi oilfields, as happened with the US invasion in 1991. The project, dubbed "Restore Iraqi Oil", or RIO, was created so that oilfield fires would be extinguished. KBR was owned then by Halliburton, whose CEO until 2000 was none other than then Vice President Dick Cheney. KBR was the only company invited to bid.
Bunny Greenhouse told their superiors that the process was illegal. They were overridden. They said the decision to grant the contract to KBR came from the office of the secretary of defence, run by VP Cheney's close friend, Donald Rumsfeld. As Bunny Greenhouse told a congressional committee:
"I can unequivocally state that the abuse related to contracts awarded to KBR represents the most blatant and improper contract abuse I have witnessed during the course of my professional career."
The oilfields were not set ablaze. Nevertheless, KBR was allowed to retool its $7bn no-bid contract, to provide gasoline and other logistical support to the occupation forces. The contract was so-called "cost-plus", which means KBR was not on the hook to provide services at a set price. Rather, it could charge its cost, plus a fixed percentage as profit. The more KBR charged, the more profit it made.
As the chief procurement officer, Greenhouse's signature was required on all contracts valued at more than $10m. Soon after testifying about the egregious RIO contract, they were demoted, stripped of their top secret clearance and began receiving the lowest performance ratings. Before blowing the whistle, they had received the highest ratings. Ultimately, they left work, facing an unbearably hostile workplace.
After years of litigation, attorney Michael Kohn, president of the National Whistleblowers Centre, brought the case to a settlement. They said:
"Bunny Greenhouse risked their job and career when they objected to the gross waste of federal taxpayer dollars and illegal contracting practices at the Army Corps of Engineers. They had the courage to stand alone and challenge powerful special interests. They exposed a corrupt contracting environment where casual and clubby contracting practices were the norm. Them courage led to sweeping legal reforms that will forever halt the gross abuse they had the courage to expose."
The National Whistleblowers Centre's executive director, Stephen Kohn (brother of Michael Kohn), told me:
"Federal employees have a very, very hard time blowing the whistle … I hope it's a turning point. The case was hard-fought. It should never have had to been filed. Bunny did the right thing."
According to Nobel Prize-winning economist Joe Stiglitz, the cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan alone will exceed $5tn. With a cost like this, why isn't war central to the debate over the national debt?
Two-time congressional medal of honour winner Maj Gen Smedley Butler had it right, 75 years ago, when they said of war:
"It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious [racket] … It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives … It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many."
As President Barack Obama and Congress claim it is Medicare, Medicaid and social security that are breaking the budget, people should demand that they stop paying for war.
• Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column
© 2011 Amy Goodman; distributed by King Features Syndicate
April 28, 2017 by Kavita Mevada
While orange hair is not the worst colour on the palette. Fixing orange hair really does not have to be so hard. Ending up with orange hair is not at all uncommon. You should know that there is a way how to get rid of orange hair after bleaching yourself. Below you will find out how to fix orange hair after bleaching and the five different ways to go about doing it.
Why does hair turn orange?
While bleach does lighten your hair, it doesn't get rid of the natural pigment your hair its color. All brunettes have orange and red undertones to their hair, which is the outstanding color you get after you bleach it.
This chart shows the primary pigment that each shades of hair color has, and what color you will most likely end up with after bleaching on the right side.
As you can see people with dark hair have the most orange tones in their hair, making them more prone to end up with orange hair after a lightening session.
Another reason for getting orange hair is the buildup of minerals in your hair. If you have light hair, it is likely to take up yellow and orange tones with the use of products that contain sulfates.
How To Fix Orange Hair After Bleaching
There are a number of ways to fix orange hair but the basic logic following fixing it is to neutralize the colour. If you look at the colour at the below, you will notice that different shades of blue counter the different shades of orange and deactivate them.
This is why most toning shampoos contain blue or purple pigments to remove orange and yellow tones.
How To Fix Orange Hair With Toner?
A toner helps remove the grating orange and yellow tones from your hair to defuse them and give you a cool toned hair colour.
You can use it in combination with peroxide right after you bleach your hair. You power to tone your hair more than once to get desired results.
How to select a Toner?
If your hair has more yellow tones than orange ones, use a purple toning shampoo or a toner such as Wella Color charm T18.
If you have more orange tones than yellow, you will have to use a blue toning shampoo over a couple of weeks to neutralise the orange. As seen in the color chart, using the differing color to deactivate your hair is the best way to tone it.
How to apply Toner?
Mix the toner and peroxide in a 1:2 ratio.
With the applicator brush, start applying the toner and developer mixture to your hair.
Once all of the orange bits are enclosed, leave the toner in your hair for not more than 45 minutes.
Rinse with a toning shampoo, or a sulfate-free shampoo.
How To Fix Orange Hair With Box Dye?
If your hair has gone inconsistent with bits of fair-haired and orange, the problem was most likely the fact that you didn't use sufficient dye or bleach. The solution to this is to re-do your hair, and this time gets a friend to help you out. know about How To Fix Orange Hair With Box Dye?
Subdivision your hair and make sure that the dye/bleach is regularly applied. Follow the steps below to fix your orange hair with box dye.
Get satisfactory dye to cover your entire hair.
Part your hair into thin sections that are easy to cover.
Get a friend to help you with the application to ensure even treatment.
Let the dye sit for the optional amount of time.
Finish with shampooing and conditioning.
How to fix orange hair to light brown?
Buy a lighter ash blonde color than the one that gave you your orange hair.
Apply it regularly, following all the instructions.
Let it sit for the optional amount of time and then wash off with shampoo. Condition your hair.
How To Fix Orange Hair To Blonde?
Buy a good bleaching powder, a 30 vol developer, and a platinum or ash blonde box hair dye.
Combine the bleach and developer in a 1:2 ratio in a plastic bowl.
Apply it to your hair and let it sit for 30 minutes
Wash your hair and wait for at least two days before applying the box dye.
Follow the instructions on the box dye to neutralise the yellow tones in your hair.
How To Fix Orange Hair Naturally At Home?
Hollyhock Herbs And ACV
For this method, you will need 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, 1 ounce of hollyhock herbs, and 1 cup of water.
Boil the water. Add the hollyhock herbs and apple cider vinegar to it.
Heat this mixture until it thickens then let it cool.
Apply the thick mixture to your hair and massage.
Let it sit for 10 minutes and then rinse off with a sulfate-free shampoo and conditioner.
Apple Cider Vinegar Rinse
You can use an apple cider vinegar rinse to one tone your hair. For this, you will need a few drops of blue or purple liquid food colour, 2 tablespoons of vinegar, 2-3 tablespoons of coconut oil, and 1 cup of water.
Apply the coconut oil to your hair before you go to bed.
Make a mixture out of the rest of the ingredients.
Wash and condition your hair in the morning. Follow this up by rinsing your hair with the ACV and food colouring mixture.
Repeat this every two weeks to see results.
If there were wondering how to fix orange hair, these were all the ways. Add some blue or purple food colouring to your sulfate-free shampoo and conditioner to create your own toning shampoos that will minimise orange build up.
Galway City Council has said it is taking legal advice over the felling of mature trees without a permit in a public park in Salthill over the weekend.
Five trees, four of which were, in the council's view, “significantly mature”, were chopped down in the park on Saturday morning.
Residents living nearby who questioned the felling at Salthill Park say they were verbally threatened, and by the time a community warden had arrived on the scene it was too late.
A city council spokesperson said the action was “completely unauthorised”, that no permit had been issued for the felling, and that its parks department was “appalled”.
It said it was in consultation with the Garda and its law agents on pursuing the matter.
Dalysfort Road residents had made representations to Galway City Council in 2003 and 2004 to ensure the trees were preserved.
They were estimated to be about a century old.
European Capital of Culture
The felling occurred less than 24 hours after Galway secured the European Capital of Culture title for 2020.
Galway was also recently confirmed by the European Commission as its “European Green Leaf” city for 2017.
The pain runs deep for Maria Vasquez and their daughter, Elizabeth. Maria's mother, Victoria Vasquez, was never actually cremated, even though they passed away more than a month ago. (Published Wednesday, July 23, 2014)
Disturbing new details emerged Wednesday on the conditions of eight decaying bodies found in a Fort Worth funeral home with the release of arrest warrant affidavits for two of the mortuary's managers.
Police who went to the Johnson Family Mortuary on July 15, weeks after the landlord had evicted the business owners, found a gruesome scene, warrants showed.
Officers found evidence of insect infestation, as well as fly pupa on or near the bodies, according to those documents. One corpse was mummified in a casket, while another that appeared mummified was wrapped only in a sheet and left on a coffee table.
Warrant: Mortuary Bodies Mummified, Left Decaying on Tables
Officials have released disturbing details about the conditions of eight decaying bodies found inside a Fort Worth funeral home earlier this month. (Published Wednesday, July 23, 2014)
Two more of the decaying corpses were of children, one of them skeletonized and the other melted to a container.
More corpses were found on gurneys, with bodily fluids draining onto the floor and into buckets placed under them. A shop vacuum found nearby had apparently been used to try to remove some of the fluids. Other corpses were found in a garage area, where there was prevalent evidence of insect infestation. (Read the arrest warrant affidavit here.)
Only one of the eight corpses found appeared to have been cared for properly and was not severely decomposed, according to the warrants. That body was from a recent funeral and was being prepared to be shipped to Kenya.
The mortuary owners, Rachel Johnson, 35, and their husband Dondre A. Johnson, 39, were both charged with seven counts of abuse of a corpse.
Rachel was arrested July 18, while Dondre surrendered to police at about 2 a.m. July 19. Both were released after paying $10,500 bond each, or $1,500 for each count.
An abuse of a corpse conviction, a Class A misdemeanor, is punishable by up to a year in jail and a fine of up to $4,000 per count.
Investigators said the Johnsons intentionally or knowingly treated seven corpses "in a seriously offensive manner, namely by retaining custody of and storing the human corpse in an unrefrigerated building instead of delivering the said human corpse for proper burial or cremation."
The seven corpses officials say were abused were identified as the following people:
Baby Girl Booker — DOB April 21, 2012 — DOD April 21, 2012
Karen Pearl Jones — DOB Nov. 8, 1958 — DOD March 25, 2014
Helen Jones — DOB Oct. 12, 1943 — DOD April 9, 2014
Boy Desiree Williams — DOB Unknown — DOD May 1, 2014
Deborah Whitney — DOB Unknown — DOD May 11, 2014
Victoria Vasquez — DOB — Aug. 25, 1961 — DOD June 9, 2014
Patricia Baptiste — DOB Unknown — DOD June 30, 2014
"Pomp and Circumstance": Mortuary Owners Describe Their Business
Dondre Johnson told police outside the mortuary on July 15 that they and their wife both owned the funeral home but that they were in charge, according to the affadavit.
They added that the above conditions were not unusual, saying that bodies belong in a funeral home and that the bodies hadn't been there longer than four months. They told police they were not licensed by any state agency and that they merely own the funeral home.
About an hour after talking with Dondre Johnson, police spoke with their wife Rachel. They told them that they hold a license through the state funeral commission and was in charge of the business' administrative functions.
They told police they had been absent from the business recently, after having given birth, but had been at the mortuary only a few days before. They admitted to police that they smelled a stench but said they were unaware there were bodies inside the funeral home.
Rachel is quoted in the affidavit saying their husband is more about the "pomp and circumstance" and the "show" associated with conducting memorial services, and that they were not very good at keeping up with the necessary administrative paperwork needed to properly bury and cremate corpses.
"Intentionally Scamming Us": Family to Sue Over Woman's Decomposing Body
The pain runs deep for Maria Vasquez and their daughter, Elizabeth. Maria's mother Victoria — whose body police say was one of the seven left decomposing at the mortuary — was never actually cremated, even though they passed away more than a month ago.
"To find out that these people were intentionally scamming us and lying to us [hurts]," said Elizabeth Vasquez.
Elizabeth's grandmother was finally cremated Wednesday morning through the generosity of another funeral home.
"This big sigh of relief came out," said Vasquez. "Just knowing for a matter of fact my grandmother's wish [to be cremated] is coming through, and I'm going to get my grandmother back [in the form of ashes]."
The Vasquez family said they are currently looking for an attorney, because they plan to file a lawsuit against the Johnson family.
NBC 5's Johnny Archer contributed to this report.
http://commons.wikimedia.org/ Potentially interesting development here. Germany may pursue some action against Goldman Sachs (GS) relating to the CDOs itself to a German bank.
Remember, Germany already has hostility towards the company due to its apparent role in helping Greece hide its debt in order to gain entry into the EU.
With Merkel on the ropes a bit due ot the Greek bailout, going after Goldman would probably be a smart political move.
Below the full report from the AP.
------
AP BERLIN — The German government may consider taking legal action in a case in which Goldman Sachs & Co. is accused of defrauding investors, a newspaper reported Saturday.
The U.S. government alleges Goldman Sachs sold mortgage investments without telling buyers they were crafted with input from a client who was betting on them failing.
Buyers included German bank IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG — an early victim of the financial crisis that was rescued by the state-owned KfW development bank among others.
The Welt is Sonntag newspaper quoted Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesperson, UIrich Wilhelm, as saying that German regulator BaFin will ask the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for information.
"After a careful evaluation of the documents, we will examine legal steps," they said, according to the report.
There was no immediate confirmation from the government.
IKB spokesperson Annette Littmann said the bank is aware of the charges filed by the SEC, but declined to comment further.
The SEC says IKB lost nearly all its $150 million investment.
IKB issued a profit warning in 2007, saying it had been hurt by U.S. subprime mortgage investments. IKB was sold in 2008 to Dallas-based Lone Star Funds.
Could a small change in a federal tax credit significantly reduce people's need for predatory payday loans?
That's the hope of a new tax bill introduced Wednesday by Sen. Sherrod Brown and Rep. Ro Khanna. Their topline idea is to massively expand the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), which gives low- and moderate-income Americans a subsidy for working. Most attention will focus on the cost of the legislation, which could run near $1 trillion over 10 years, although an exact estimate isn't available. But buried within the bill is a small change that could have big ramifications for the payday loan industry, which covers short-term financial needs by charging very high interest rates.
The idea is to let people who qualify for the EITC take up to $500 as an advance on their annual payment. Normally, the EITC is a cash benefit that arrives all at once, after tax time—a kind of windfall that's nice when it happens, but doesn't help cash-strapped workers cover costs during the year, when they actually arise. The so-called “Early EITC,” which Brown first proposed in 2015 and built off a proposal from the Center of American Progress in 2014, would fix that by allowing workers to request an advance, an amount that would later be deducted from their lump-sum EITC benefit. In effect, the advance is a no-interest, no-fee federal loan that could help cover short-term expenses or a gap in income.
The EITC is the rare government program with support across the political spectrum: It's a mechanism for providing benefits to low-income Americans while encouraging work, since it increases as a person's income rises. But the way it's paid out, as a lump sum in the form of a tax refund, has attracted critics. “Why do we have a credit that is geared towards households making between $10,000 and $25,000 a year where they are getting between $2,000 to $6,000 in one payment?” said David Marzahl, president of the Center for Economic Progress, which has proposed reforms to the EITC. “In reality, their needs are spread across the year.”
Would an advance actually work, and help relieve the burden of high-interest payday loans? In theory, the idea makes a lot of sense. Most payday borrowers have jobs and bank accounts, and they make an average of $30,000 a year, making them prime candidates to receive the EITC. (This would be especially true if the entire Brown-Khanna bill was enacted, because nearly every person earning $30,000 a year—even those without kids—would receive more than $500 in EITC benefits each year.) The average payday loan is around $375—within the $500 cap in the Early EITC—and is used to meet an unexpected expense, like a surprise medical bill, or because they worked fewer hours.
But consumer-finance advocates, who have long hoped for ways to reduce people's reliance on payday loans, are still somewhat skeptical. Though they're expensive, payday loans have become a big business because they fill a hole in the financial system: They get money to cash-strapped workers quickly, easily and with certainty. If the Early EITC wants to replace payday loans, said Alex Horowitz, an expert on small-dollar loans at the Pew Charitable Trusts, it needs to be just as fast, easy and certain.
“This is a group that borrows primarily when they are distressed, so they aren't very price-sensitive,” they said. “The fact is that a no-cost advance is not sufficient to make it work. If it's going to be successful, it's going to have to compete on speed and certainty.” In addition, they added, borrowers must actually know that the Early EITC exists, which can be an insurmountable challenge for many government programs.
There's reason to be skeptical that Washington could deliver Early EITC benefits quickly, easily and with certainty. The federal government is not known as the quickest of institutions, and it will have to move especially fast to compete with payday loans. To do so, Brown has designed the bill to work through the employment system; the employer would fund the money up front and later be reimbursed by the federal government. It's an interesting fix, but workers wouldn't get the additional money until their next paycheck, which still leaves a gap that payday loans are designed to fill. Said Horowitz, “If it takes three days or five days to receive funds, for the most part, people will pass.” In addition, it isn't available to workers who are unemployed or who were hired in the last six months, a problem for workers whose incomes fluctuate due to job loss.
For some advocates, the Early EITC is a step in the right direction, but not the bigger reform the tax credit needs. In 2014, Marzahl's organization experimented with spreading EITC benefits across the year, giving 229 low-income Chicagoans half their money in quarterly payments. (The other half of benefits was delivered as a normal annual payment.) Participants who received quarterly EITC benefits, the study found, cut their payday loan usage by 45 percent compared with those who continued receiving their EITC benefits annually. Ninety percent said they preferred the periodic payments over the lump-sum approach. Such periodic payments, Marzahl argued, would be a big help for recipients, but they're a long way from anything now being proposed in Congress.
Right now, with Congress fully in GOP hands, the Brown-Khanna bill doesn't stand a chance of becoming law, but lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Sen. Marco Rubio, have shown interest in reforming and expanding the EITC. At some point in the next few years, Congress could take a real shot a restructuring it—and the Early EITC could serve as model for an improved tax credit.
“At the end of the day what all these reforms are getting at is that at certain times of the year, American households are very hard-pressed financially to meet their day-to-day needs,” said Marzahl. “Payday loans end up becoming a way to stop the gap on a very short-term basis. Ultimately, we need something more than that.”
This is an unabashed endorsement of an important group. I have no affiliation with them or conflict of interest. They are great, period.
The ability to convey complex climate science to a wide-ranging audience is a golden attribute, something very few can achieve. This characteristic makes the Yale Climate Connections group unique.
The Yale Climate Connections effort comprises several interrelated efforts whose end result is captivating science education for the rest of us.
What is most exciting to me are their daily radio spots that focus on a current issue of climate change. The Yale group includes a team of editors, radio producers, and freelance reporters nationwide to record and post short (90-second) spots that are both interesting and informative.
From someone who works in climate communication, I am surprised that a group can have this high of a throughput. It means your reporters have to be identifying relevant topics, finding experts to interview, learning enough to ask informed questions, and then perform audio edits. And this happens five days a week. The breadth and width of the topics can be seen at the group's website. The radio spots are currently carried on almost 350 radio stations across North America and are hosted by Dr Anthony Leiserowitz, well known for their research on public opinions related to climate change, the “Six Americas.”
Anthony Leiserowitz Photograph: Dave Robbins
In addition to the short radio segments, the group produces original feature articles and a monthly series of videos that explore topics in much more detail than the short radio spots. These longer videos are produced by award-winning videographer Peter Sinclair.
In addition to its public outreach, the Yale group has worked behind the scenes to provide training workshops to help reporters, editors, and television weathercasters become more familiar with and comfortable discussing climate change with their audiences. I have worked with weathercasters quite a bit myself, and they are under a lot of pressure to provide well-watched weather forecasts and to avoid conflict that might turn off audiences. They are also confined to very short televised segments, so delving into complex climate topics is challenging.
As part of this training, the Yale group and its partners involve many top scientists to update weathercasters on what is known about human influence on climate change. The experts also help the weathercasters develop stories that are true to the science but short and simple enough to be delivered within a normal broadcast.
There are some other activities, but I think this summary is enough to appreciate what the Yale group is doing. With the proliferation of climate communication groups, one may wonder why the Yale team has been so successful. In my view, it is because of the quality of their team. I mentioned earlier that Dr. Leiserowitz is involved, and no one knows more about public engagement with climate change than they do.
Another key player is Bud Ward, who began working with the Yale team in 2007. Bud has decades of editorial and writing experience on environmental and energy issues.
But it isn't just editors and videographers that make this a winning team; it is also their scientists. For example, Zeke Hausfather is a contributor.  They are well respected for their work on temperature measurements and was an author on a major studies confirming the accuracy of the global temperature record and the rate of temperature change. They also worked for the Berkeley team which set out to test the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration/Nasa temperature measurements (they confirmed the measurements).
Karin Kirk is another regular contributor. They have an advanced degree in Earth Sciences from Montana State University and has combined their technical background with a focus on communication. There are other members of the Yale team I could mention but for brevity I will just encourage you to review their site.
Scylla and Charybdis were monsters from Greek mythology thought to inhabit the Straits of Messina, the narrow sea between Sicily and the Italian mainland. Preying on passing mariners, Scylla was a terrible creature with six heads and twelve feet, while Charybdis, living on the opposite side of the straits, was another monster who, over time, was transformed in the imagination of the ancients into a more rational, but no less lethal, whirlpool. Odysseus famously had to negotiate a passage through their deadly clutches in Homer's Odyssey.
Scylla
According to Hesiod, Scylla (or Skylla) was the daughter of Hecate who was associated with the Moon and the Underworld, and especially with ferocious hounds. Homer, however, names Scylla's mother as Crataiis. Them father is the sea god Phorcys but may also be Typhon, Triton, or Tyrrhenius, all figures with a sea connection. A later tradition makes them a beautiful mortal human who has affairs with Poseidon, Minos of Crete, and the sea god Glaucus until they are transformed either by the sorceress Circe or Poseidon's consort, the sea nymph Amphitrite, into a monster out of jealousy. The girl is caught unawares in their bathing pool, and when magic herbs are thrown into the waters, they turn into the hideous creature.
'Scylla was not born for death : they are a thing of terror, intractable, ferocious & impossible to fight.' - Homer
Scylla, whose name means 'she who rends' or 'puppy,' could only make the noise of a puppy dog, but they were well-endowed in other areas with six legs and six heads springing from various parts of their body, each with three vicious rows of teeth, so that their bite was definitely worse than their bark. Inhabiting a cave high up in the cliffs of the straits, Scylla would wait for unsuspecting prey – fish, dolphins, and men – to pass their way and then dart out one of their heads to drag the victim back into their lair to be crushed and eaten at leisure. Homer describes this fearful creature thus,
Nobody could look at them with delight, not even a god if they passed that way. They have twelve feet, all dangling in the air, and six long scrawny necks, each ending in a grisly head with triple row of fangs, set thick and close, and darkly menacing death. Up to their waist they are sunk in the depths of the cave, but their heads protrude from the fearful abyss, and thus they fish from their own abode, groping greedily around the rock. (Odyssey, 12:87-95)
Homer, again through the warning voice of Circe, also describes the cliff where Scylla lives:
Its sharp peak...is capped by black clouds that never stream away nor leave clear weather round the top, even in summer or at harvest time. No man on earth could climb to the top of it or even get a foothold on it, not even if they had twenty hands and feet to help him, because the rock is as smooth as if it had been polished. But halfway up the crag there is a murky cavern, facing the West and running down to Erebus...Even a strong young bowman could not reach the gaping mouth of the cave with an arrow shot from a ship below...No crew can boast that they ever sailed their ship past Scylla unscathed...Scylla was not born for death: they are a thing of terror, intractable, ferocious and impossible to fight. (ibid, 12:75-120)
The 3rd-century BCE Greek tragedy poet Lycophron tells of a tradition that they were killed by the specialist in monster-slaying, Hercules, but, otherwise, Scylla's fate is unknown. Scylla appeared on the 5th-century BCE coins of both Cumae and Acragas (modern Agrigento on Sicily) and on numerous red-figure pottery vessels during the 5th and 4th century BCE, notably those of Attic and southern Italian red-figure pottery.  They are typically portrayed as a type of mermaid with dogs heads coming from them waistline.
Charybdis
A monster of unknown description, Charybdis was thought to be the daughter of Poseidon and Gaia (Earth) and to dwell opposite Scylla in the same straits. They were thrown there after being struck by Zeus' thunderbolt, perhaps as punishment for their lustful character. Rationalised into a whirlpool or maelstrom, their waters were considered to suck in and blow out three times each day. Such was the powerful force of this turbulence that no ship could survive Charybdis' attentions.
Odysseus
In Homer's Odyssey, the swirling waters of Charybdis famously wrecked the ship of the hero Odysseus on their way home from the Trojan War. Having just survived the sirens, the ship, in trying to avoid Charybdis, went a little too close to Scylla's lair. Six members of Odysseus' crew, the six best, were grabbed by the six heads of Scylla as they went through the turbulent waters of the narrow straits. The ship passed the still screaming victims and made it through the passage, but the escape was only temporary.
Landing on Sicily, Odysseus' men ignored strict instructions and cooked some sacred cattle which belonged to Hyperion. As punishment, Zeus then sent a storm and one of their thunderbolts which smashed the mast, killing the helmsman as it toppled. The ship was wrecked, the crew drowned, and only Odysseus survived by lashing together bits of flotsam. The gods were not quite finished, though, as another storm came and swept the hero right back into Charybdis. Odysseus was knocked about for a good while until they managed to escape by grabbing onto the overhanging limb of a wild fig tree. They then timed their exit by waiting for the waters to spew them out and away to safety along with the wreckage of their ship. After nine days adrift the hero's luck changed, and they landed on the island of Ogygia where the lovely Calypso aided their rest and recuperation for the next seven years.
Let the record state that I do NOT condone the use of any controlled substances without the requisite prescriptions or legal permissions, nor do I recommend that anyone below the age of 21 even consider the use of drugs of any kind. If you're young your body is already producing everything you could possibly need. Don't even think about it. Let the record also state that I'm not a doctor, nor am I qualified to prescribe any of these drugs. I'm just a guy on the internet giving their opinion.
On the whole, I do NOT recommend you take performance enhancing drugs to improve your jiu jitsu. Instead, train smarter, eat cleaner and arrange your lifestyle to allow you to invest more time on your conditioning.
After I mentioned performance enhancing drugs in my article ‘8 Tips for Grappling After 30' I received many emails requesting more information on how to use said agents. In this piece I will give a broad overview of the drugs commonly used to improve your physical and mental attributes, which can in turn improve your jiu jitsu abilities.
Dosages and protocols are beyond the scope this article, as is sourcing (yes, strangers will actually email me asking where they can get steroids – unbelievable!).
“Using Steroids is Cheating.”
This is a knee-jerk response that is commonly encountered whenever the topic of performance enhancing drugs is brought up. To me, this is a naive statement and usually an indicator of ignorance.
A large portion of elite level jiu jitsu competitors and mma fighters use performance enhancing drugs. I personally know of several mundial and adcc world champions (and it's not who you think btw) who are consistently doping with many of the substances I outline below.
If you want to compete at the highest level, you are at an immediate disadvantage if you choose to forgo these options. Bigger, stronger guys who recover faster will always have an advantage, especially in a sport like jiu jitsu in which speed and power play a big role. Just accept this. It's not good or bad – it is what it is. But I'm not saying you cannot become a champion without these things – you definitely can.
I once heard somebody say that if you removed all steroids from sport the same people would still win, and I completely agree. Most of the time, the guys who look to juice do so to allow them to train harder, not to make it easier on themselves. The drugs will not do the work for you. They will just allow you to do more of it.
Despite the importance of physical attributes and increases to them which drugs can provide, they are still superseded by the mental aspect of the game. Willpower and mat-time cannot be injected or swallowed. From my own experience, I remember that the very short period of my competitive career during which I took certain substances coincided with my very worst performances. My mind was all over the place due to several difficulties in my life at the time and the fact that I was in great shape (chemically-enhanced albeit) did little to help. In fact I would say they probably hurt, because of the mood swings they caused.
“What about the average guy that doesn't even compete?”
Consider the following scenario:
Steve Is a 40-year old blue belt who has been training for a couple of years. They work 10 hours a day at a stressful job career and has three kids who take up most of their spare time. They love jiu jitsu, but they don't have the time to do as much conditioning as they should. He's tired of getting injured and thrown around in training during the few classes they manage to get to each week, so they turn to pharmacological assistance. They see an endocrinologist who discovers that they have low testosterone and prescribes them some TRT. After a couple of weeks Steve feels better than they have in years and their motivation for jiu jitsu improves.
Is Steve a bad person? I'll leave that up to you to decide.
“But steroids will cause you to die a slow and painful death.”
I'm so tired of hearing this. If steroids are used responsibly, in moderate to low dosages, the side effects are relatively minimal.
One of my favourite examples is Sylvester Stallone. He's 65 years old and he's been using testosterone and growth hormone for years. Here's a picture of them from one of their recent movies:
However…
Everything in life has a trade-off, and these drugs are no exception. While the likelihood of dying from using the substances I list below is relatively low, every one of them has potential side effects, including but not limited to: acne, hair loss, gynecomastia, liver damage, kidney damage, mood swings and long-term heart-failure.
The human body is a complex and finely tuned mechanism, and changing the levels of some hormones within it will have an knock-on effect on others. If you do go down the route of using performance enhancing drugs (hypothetically speaking of course), I would suggest you monitor your health closely, including having blood work done. The technology now exists whereby you can do this with home-testing kits, but it's a way better idea to see a doctor, preferably an endocrinologist.
It's been my experience that when it comes to using most substances, less is more. Doubling the dosage does not necessarily double the desired effect, and in many cases reduces it. And again, before you even consider tampering with any of these drugs, I highly recommend that you first maximise your own endogenous (from inside) production by ensuring that the influential lifestyle factors of diet, supplementation, sleep, conditioning and stress management have all been tuned to their optimum levels.
1. Anabolic Steroids & Testosterone
Artificially synthesised steroids are classified into two broad categories, anabolic steroids and corticosteroids. The anabolic variations are the ones that are pertinent to sports performance. Anabolic steroids mimic the effects of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in the body. They increase protein synthesis within cells, especially those of skeletal muscle tissue. They can also have ‘androgenic' effects, i.e. promote the development of male sexual characteristics such as increased body hair and the growth of the vocal cords.
There are many different kinds of steroids, of which testosterone is one. Each of them produces different effects and side-effects. If you want to know more about specific ones, do your own research. They are of interest to a jiu-jitsu fighter because besides increasing muscular strength, they can reduce recovery time. They can also increase aggression, which, depending on the individual's predisposition, could be a positive or negative in a jiu-jitsu context. Some guys could do with being a little more aggressive, wheres some guys are already overly-aggressive douchebags who need to tone it down on the mats.
Best For: Increased Strength & Muscle Mass
Supplement Alternative: Testosterone Boosters
2. Growth Hormone
Growth Hormone, often referred to as ‘HGH' is is a peptide hormone that stimulates growth, cell reproduction and regeneration in humans and other animals. It is released by the pituitary gland, mainly during sleep. The amount secreted tapers off sharply after puberty and continues to decline as we age.
If it's abused it can cause acromegaly (growth of the bones in the hands and face), liver damage and diabetes, but after much research and my own experiences with it, I'm convinced that at low doses it's therapeutic. In fact, a friend of mine, (who is incidentally a multiple-time, bjj black belt world champion – again, not who you think) takes growth hormone pretty much constantly and has done so for years.
I find that it helps me recover much more quickly after tough sparring sessions, especially now that I'm in my 30's. It has also been instrumental in healing the cumulative damage 15 years of hard martial arts training has done to my body. It also makes me sleep a lot better. Note, I'm an extreme case – I do 20 hours of jiu jitsu and yoga per week and I travel almost constantly. My body takes a LOT of strain. I don't take HGH to compete, I take it because it helps me do my job better.
Best For: Recovery & Injury Rehabilitation
Supplement Alternative: Growth Hormone Secretagogues
3. Cognitive Enhancers
These are drugs which purportedly improve mental functioning. Two of the most common and widely used are Modafinil and Adderall. It is my understanding that they both have similar effects but work using different neurobiological mechanisms.
I haven't used Adderall but I'm a huge fan of Modafinil – I truly believe it's a wonder drug. I can state categorically that it has immense positive effects on my cognition, memory, intelligence, motivation, and concentration. The practical applications of this for jiu-jitsu are far-reaching. When I'm using Modafinil I can drill techniques without losing focus for much longer periods, and I find that I am far more likely to retain what I learn.
You can here me discuss this in further detail on this episode of my podcast, The Journey.
Best For: Drilling and Memorising Techniques
Supplement Alternative: Nootropic Vitamins
4. Diuretics
‘Diuretic' refers to anything which causes the body to increase secretion of water, and the strongest ones available are those in drug form. These are not at all performance enhancing (in fact they do nothing but degrade performance), but I have included them in this article because many fighters use them to rapidly drop large amounts of weight before competitions, seeking the advantage of being a bigger guy in a lighter category.
I do NOT recommend them – I feel the negative impact that they have on long-term health and performance exceeds the potential benefit of being in a different category. A close friend and doctor often tells me of the individuals they see in the emergency room with diuretic-induced kidney-failure. If the stakes are high (i.e. you're a professional jiu jitsu athlete or you fight in the UFC), then you might want to consider them, but I think they are best avoided. Instead, check out how to cut weight safely.
Best For: Cutting Weight
Supplement Alternative: Vitamin C
5. Caffeine
Probably the only performance-enhancing drug you can get on just about every street in the western world. Caffeine is a powerful stimulant, but most of us don't realise it because we are so habituated to it. Try cutting it out for a month and then have a cup before training. You're realised just effective it really is. Caffeine helps your body make use of its fat stores and encourages working muscles to utilise fat as a fuel. This delays the depletion of muscle glycogen and allows for a prolongation of exercise.
Some studies have also shown that caffeine prior to exercise lowers the perceived rate of exertion – i.e. it can make you feel like you're not working as hard as you really are. Doses of as little as 75mg (less than the average cup of coffee) have been shown to cause significant improvements in attention span. If you treat it with respect and use it infrequently, a cup of coffee before training can make a huge difference to the quality of your session. If you do have it before training, I would suggest you consume it with a high quality fat source like coconut oil or grass-fed butter in the ‘bullet-proof' style. This will make the energy rush it produces more level as opposed to a large spike and subsequent crash.
Best For: Short Term Energy & Focus
Supplement Alternative: Pre-Workout Formulas
It's all up to you.
If you're reading this, it probably means that you're one of the lucky individuals on this planet for whom this ultimately comes down to a personal choice. This means that the risks and potential rewards are yours as well.
If you're not a competitor and just want to heal more quickly and get stronger, PED's can, when used responsibly help you to do that. But yoga and a good diet can do that too.
Think long and hard before messing with your body, it's the only one you've got.
My Santa hit it out of the park with this one! What a surprise when the doorbell rang and this package was delivered this morning.
I opened up to find the dream Corgi puppy I've always wanted. My girlfriend was very confused about why a stranger from the internet would send me a stuffed animal, and I absolutely couldn't contain myself. We had a good laugh, and when I looked back in the box, there were more gifts! Next, I pulled out a t-shirt from my favorite television show, Arrested Development. I put it on almost every night before I go to sleep, and now I can wear it AND watch it at the same time. One more look back in the box and I discovered more packages! Two bundles of Magic the Gathering cards!
I just hope my family gets it as right as my Santa did. Whoever you are, you made a grown man giggle like a 9 year old girl today :)
You know you're doing something right When Mark Zuckerberg namechecks you.
That's exactly what happened to Jobberman founders Opeyemi Awoyemi, Olalekan Elude and Ayodeji Adewunmi on May 10 when the Facebook founder used the three men as an example of innovation in Nigeria.
Awoyemi, Elude and Adewunmi founded the job site in their dorm room at Obafemi Awolowo University, Nigeria in 2009.
Their mission was to build the largest catalog of jobs in Nigeria. Today, 5,000 job applications go through the site every day.
“In our six years of working on Jobberman, we've seen that beyond the problem of unemployment, there is a problem of unemployability as well,” Opeyemi Awoyemi told CNN.
Zuckerberg just made us the poster-children of Nigeria's burgeoning internet technology space
said Jobberman co-founder, Opeyemi Awoyemi.
“That has clearly influenced our mission. We expend most of our resources on job matching via our online platforms, we are also exploring partnerships with government and philanthropic organizations to power career advice centers in cities and universities in Nigeria.”
“Despite the success of the site, a name-check from an international tech leader can't hurt.”
In the first year since launching, Jobberman quickly became one of the most visited websites in the country, and operation were moved to Lagos to get closer to the business and big employers the team wanted to target.
Free Basics Launches in Nigeria
When Zuckerberg mentioned Jobberman, they were making an announcement about a new partnership with Airtel Africa called Internet.org Free Basics in Nigeria, which will allow Nigerians access to news, health information and other services without having to pay for data on their mobile devices.
Facebook users can access Facebook without paying for data on Airtel network.
“Free Basics is now live in more than 40 countries, and half of those are in Africa,” Zuckerberg explained in a Facebook post.
“Over the next few months, we'll be doing even more to connect developers with people who can use their apps — and partner with local companies to bring internet to people across Africa who don't have access to mobile networks.”
How to be the Next Jobberman
Zuckerberg finished their announcement with a telling statement: “I'm excited to see what Nigerians build next!”
Awoyemi has an idea of what that might be.
“I think the next big thing from Nigeria will solve a key global challenge in one of power, clean water, health, inclusion or agricultural linkages. I think the next big thing from Nigeria will solve a key global challenge”
“My advice to anyone trying to build an online business is to understand that you cannot separate ‘online' from ‘offline'.
“The majority of Africans are still very much offline and have not harnessed the internet's full potential.”
“As such the internet is what enables you to scale and grow very quickly, but the offline connection still needs to be harnessed to move people online.”
“My bet is Facebook understands this fact very clearly as well.”
Advertisements
LAWTEY, Fla. - A Bradford County school bus carrying 15 elementary school students was rear-ended by a tractor-trailer Monday afternoon near the intersection of U.S. 301 and State Road 201A in Lawtey.
The Florida Highway Patrol said there were 10 people transported to area hospitals: a man and woman in the big rig were taken to Shands in Gainesville with critical injuries, and seven children and the bus driver were taken to area hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries.
IMAGES: Crash involving school bus in Bradford County
Authorities said the most serious injury among the children was a leg injury.
According to Sheriff Gordon Smith, the woman in the semi was not wearing any clothes. They were given a towel from troopers to cover up in front of the children.
Witnesses said the semi was going about 60 mph when it struck the bus, which investigators said had its crossing arms out and lights flashing.
The crash happened on U.S. 301 near North West 183rd Street, just south of Lawtey, at about 2:45 p.m. As the school bus was slowing to a stop, it was rear-ended by the big rig, which is owned and operated by Mo's Trucking out of Palatka.
The Sheriff's Office said the bus driver saw the semi coming in the rear-view mirror and sped up, which may have minimized the impact.
The sheriff said if the bus had already stopped to unload students, this could have been a tragic crash.
"The bus driver was a hero," said Scott Korshewitz, a Florida correctional officer who saw the accident and stopped to help. "We just did what we could for the kids."
Janice Crawford was one of many parents who was parked at North West 183rd Street this afternoon to pick up their four children on the bus.
They said the truck driver never hit the brakes, and they watched in absolute terror as they plowed into the back of the bus and pushed it more than 50 yards into a ditch.
"I will never get over this incident, because I was standing there and pieces flew over my head when the wreck happened," Crawford said. "I was standing there when they hit them right there. And I couldn't even move. I couldn't even move to get out of the way."
Crawford's four children -- Katelynn, Colby, Craig and Courtney -- were supposed to be on the bus from Starke Elementary School, but they ended up staying after class to go to Bible study. At the time, Crawford didn't know that and ran over to help the children and called 911.
"I saw blood. I was over there and going around that bus. My family, I was trying to see if my kids were in it," Crawford said.
Crawford said she's glad their children are safe and that none of the children on the bus had life-threatening injuries. But they said the truck driver should never be allowed behind the wheel again.
"I'm glad everyone is OK, but do they know what they could have done today? Do they have any idea of what they could have done today?" Crawford said. "You know, they don't even need a driver's license."
The FHP said dispatchers received a call about a reckless driver in a tractor-trailer on U.S. 301. Before they were able to catch up with the vehicle, the state patrol and local Sheriff's Office got a call about the crash.
"Just to see kids in an accident like this on the bus," said Terrance Jamison, who witnessed the crash. "I'm a truck driver myself, but safety is first. But there was no safety with what this driver was doing."
Crawford's children said their friends were on the bus and some were injured in the crash, including one whose foot was broken.
"We want to see them, and we hope that they're OK," Katelynn said.
"I want to tell them that I've always got their back," Craig said.
The children said they planned to stay up tonight and make homemade cards and draw pictures for their injured friends.
"If they get on a bus again, it'll surprise me," Crawford said. "I would never get back on a bus. You couldn't put me back on a bus after what I've been through today."
FHP has not released the name of the truck driver or their female passenger but said charges are pending. Investigators said they did not have any indication that alcohol or drugs were a factor but said speed and/or distracted driving could have played a role.
Copyright 2014 by News4Jax.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Just one generation ago Australian schoolkids were taught that Aboriginal people couldn't count beyond five, wandered the desert scavenging for food, had no civilisation, couldn't navigate and peacefully acquiesced when Western Civilisation rescued them in 1788.
How did we get it so wrong?
Australian historian Bill Gammage and others have shown that for many years land was carefully managed by Aboriginal people to maximise productivity. This resulted in fantastically fertile soils, now exploited and almost destroyed by intensive agriculture.
In some cases, Aboriginal people had sophisticated number systems, knew bush medicine, and navigated using stars and oral maps to support flourishing trade routes across the country.
They mounted fierce resistance to the British invaders, and sometimes won significant military victories such as the raids by Aboriginal warrior Pemulwuy.
Iryna1 / Shutterstock.com
Only now are we starting to understand Aboriginal intellectual and scientific achievements.
The Yolngu people, in north eastern Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory, long recognised how the tides are linked to the phases of the moon.
Back in the early 17th century, Italian scientist Galileo Galilei was still proclaiming, incorrectly, that the moon had nothing to do with tides.
Some Aboriginal people had figured out how eclipses work, and knew how the planets moved differently from the stars. They used this knowledge to regulate the cycles of travel from one place to another, maximising the availability of seasonal foods.
Why are we only finding this out now?
We owe much of our knowledge about pre-European contact Aboriginal culture to the great anthropologists of the 20th century. Their massive tomes tell us much about Aboriginal art, songs and spirituality, but are strangely silent about intellectual achievements.
They say very little about Aboriginal understanding of how the world works, or how they navigated. In anthropologist Adolphus Elkin's 1938 book The Australian Aborigines: How to Understand Them they appear to have heard at least one songline (an oral map) without noting its significance.
[…] its cycle of the hero's experiences as they journeyed from the north coast south and then back again north […] now in that country, then in another place, and so on, ever coming nearer until at last it was just where we were making the recording.
How could these giants of anthropology not recognise the significance of what they had been told?
The answer dawned on me when I gave a talk on Aboriginal navigation at the National Library of Australia, and posed this same question to the audience.
Afterwards, one of Elkin's PhD students told me that Elkin worked within fixed ideas about what constituted Aboriginal culture. I realised they were describing what the American philosopher Thomas Kuhn referred to when they coined the term “paradigm”.
The paradigm problem
According to Kuhn, all of us (even scientists and anthropologists) are fallible. We grow up with a paradigm (such as “Aboriginal culture is primitive”) which we accept as true. Anything that doesn't fit into that paradigm is dismissed as irrelevant or aberrant.
Only 200 years ago, people discussed whether Aboriginal people were “sub-human”. Ideas change slowly, and the underlying message lingers on, long after it has been falsified.
As late as 1923 Aboriginal Australians were described as “a very primitive race of people”.
Not so primitive
The prevailing paradigm in Elkin's time was that Aboriginal culture was primitive, and Aboriginal people couldn't possibly say anything useful about how to manage the land, or how to navigate.
Kitch Bain
So an anthropologist might study the Aboriginal people as objects, just as a biologist might study insects under a microscope, but would learn nothing from Aboriginal people themselves.
Even now, the paradigm lives on. In my experience, well-educated white Australians, trying so hard to be politically correct, often still seem to find it difficult to escape their childhood image of “primitive” Aboriginal people.
We must overcome the intellectual inertia that keeps us in that old paradigm, stopping us from recognising the enormous contribution that Aboriginal culture can make to our understanding of the world, and to our attempts to manage it.
As Thomas Kuhn said:
[…] when paradigms change, the world itself changes with them.
Still to learn
In recent years, it has become clear that traditional Aboriginal people knew a great deal about the sky, knew the cycles of movements of the stars and the complex motions of the sun, moon and planets.
There is even found a sort of “Aboriginal Stonehenge”, that points to the sunset on midsummers day and midwinters day. And I suspect that this is only the tip of the iceberg of Aboriginal astronomy.
So in the debate about whether our schools should include Aboriginal perspectives in their lessons, I argue that kids studying science today could also learn much from the way that pre-contact Aboriginal people used observation to build a picture of the world around them.
This “ethno-science” is similar to modern science in many ways, but is couched in appropriate cultural terms, without expensive telescopes and particle accelerators.
So if you want to learn about the essence of how science works, how people learn to solve practical problems, the answer may be clearer in an Aboriginal community than in a high-tech laboratory.
Photo credit: WKRN
Authorities in Nashville, Tennessee said they received an emergency 911 call on Sunday about shots fired being reported at a local church.
Police quickly dispatched to a scene of chaos where they say that an active shooter was still on the scene of the massacre.
The shooting occurred at the Burnette Chapel of Christ which is located at 3890 Pin Hook Road, in Antioch.
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3225.9153691400793!2d-86.58526918473116!3d36.046771280110505!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88646d5382686bb1%3A0x570efdb73442af31!2sBurnette+Chapel+Church+of+Christ!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1506274691214" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Witnesses reporting hearing gunshots near the facility where patrons were attending Church this morning and quickly called police.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">VIDEO: Woman next door to Burnette Chapel Church Of Christ in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Antioch?src=hash">#Antioch</a> describes shooting victims showing up at front door. <a href="https://twitter.com/WKRN">@WKRN</a> <a href="https://t.co/zMDVR37pZw">pic.twitter.com/zMDVR37pZw</a></p>— Josh Breslow (@JoshBreslowWKRN) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoshBreslowWKRN/status/912004176703606784">September 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
What appears to be a brutal bloodbath at a house of worship on a Sunday is clearly going to torment the community as they await to hear if their loved ones are safe.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is a mass casualty situation. All of the wounded have been transported to area hospitals. The majority are older adults.</p>— Nashville Fire Dept (@NashvilleFD) <a href="https://twitter.com/NashvilleFD/status/912006857404878848">September 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Law enforcement are now saying that at least 8 people have been shot and they're calling it a “mass casualty situation” with most of the victims being older adults.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Officials declare 'mass casualty situation' after shooting at Tenn. Church; The Majority of victims are 'older adults' - <a href="https://t.co/NfC5jRmGi4">https://t.co/NfC5jRmGi4</a></p>— Breaking911 (@Breaking911) <a href="https://twitter.com/Breaking911/status/912008253911048192">September 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
This is a breaking story, we will keep you updated as news pours in.
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
Another major automotive class action has been filed in California this time involving BMW's Auto Start Stop system. The defective feature is available for an extra $3,000 to $4,000 on late model 3 and 5 series. With over 1 million potentially affected vehicles and $1 billion in question this defect appears to create serious safety concerns and extensive wear-and-tear on the engines equipped with this feature.
The Auto Start Stop system is designed to cut down on fuel consumption. When the vehicle comes to a full stop, the system shots down the engine until the drives presses the gas pedal again. At that time the engine fires away again and starts automatically.
The problem that is reported by many drivers is that the vehicle either never starts or kicks into the neutral gear if it starts. Both situations can create a serious unsafe situation on the road. In addition, the misfiring and transmission related problems cause serious damage to the engine and the transmission.
What did BMW do thus fur to address this issue? In almost all cases, the service department has either reported “could not duplicate problem” on the repair documents or has disconnected the system altogether. Yes, the consumers have paid $3,000 to $4,000 for the feature that the company has initially ignored and later just disconnected and told the drivers not to use.
If you have similar problems with your BMW, Porsche, Honda or Ford vehicles, contact the law offices of Hovanes Margarian for more information. We will post more updates on the case as it goes forward.
Lord Darth Vader of the Galactic Empire was spotted attending the second free practice session of this Formula One season's Chinese Grand Prix. Vader is presumably taking time off their duties as Sith Lord under Emperor Sheev Palpatine, as they may need to let off some steam after surviving a recent terror attack by members of the so-called Rebel Alliance on a military base orbiting the planet Yavin. The Rebel Alliance used stolen data tapes containing the plans to an experimental space station to pinpoint an exposed exhaust port on the military base, and used guerrilla tactics with a small strike team composed of thirty starfighters and one converted YT-1300 light freighter to drop explosives into the exhaust port, which destabilized the station's reactors, causing an explosion that obliterated the entire structure.
Lord Vader, who has included emblems of Red Bull and Tag Heuer on their characteristic uniform, may have come to cheer on their favorite team, Red Bull Racing, though it is unclear whether they support Max Verstappen or Daniel Ricciardo. Other spectators in the stands around Lord Vader report they exclaimed, "Now this is podracing," upon seeing the Williams FW40 of Lance Stroll fly past them at the main grandstands alongside the pit straight. Some claim Vader's helmet, brought along to match their Red Bull overalls, was designed with inspiration taken from an insignia on the military uniform of former FIA president Jean-Marie Balestre.
Some in the paddock claim Vader will retire from their military career and instead pursue motorsport in the Red Bull Young Driver Program. They do, after all, have some significant motorsport history and connections that may help them advance toward Formula One if they decide to hit the track. Some unverified reports state they won the 32 BBY Boonta Eve Classic on Tatooine, racing under the name Anakin Skywalker.
Their boss, Emperor Palpatine, has some close connections to Formula One management, as before they began their political career as Galactic Senator for Naboo, they went by the name Bernie Ecclestone. Many believe Vader would be unfit for the world of Formula One, as they are regarded as a poor choice for a preseason test driver. This is due to their presumed intolerance of sandbagging, as Lord Vader has a professed dislike of sand.
Vader is reported to have met with members of McLaren's management during the rained-out second free practice session of the day.  They are reported to have threatened Honda's Yusuke Hasegawa over the team's poor performance, finishing the pair's conversation with the statement, "The ghost of Bruce McLaren is not as forgiving as I am."
It remains unclear what Lord Vader's aspirations regarding the sport are, though given their Force sensitivity, it would not surprise anyone in the paddock if they made for a top-class Formula One driver.
Desktop Wallpaper Calendars: Join in!
The monthly wallpaper series was first launched in early 2008, back in the time when we started searching for creative designers and artists to be featured on Smashing Magazine. Since then, we've had remarkable desktop wallpapers designed by various artists from all around the globe. It would be our pleasure, dear readers, for you to share your artworks with all of us and we heartily welcome you to join in the monthly wallpaper submissions here on Smashing Magazine!
How Do I Participate?
To get started, please read the Smashing Wallpaper Guidelines first.
The Smashing Wallpaper Guidelines provide you with all the information you need to know!
What Do We Expect?
Please feel free to browse through our selection of desktop wallpapers to get the idea behind what is needed to get featured on Smashing Magazine. Please consider that not every wallpaper will be published as we'll carefully analyze each work and will select only those wallpapers which have the most creative and artistic potential.
In order to be featured, the wallpapers need to send a message across — not simply some sort of advertising. We are sure that you would be quite proud if you knew that a great number of people across the globe are using your desktop wallpaper on their computers!
A desktop wallpaper from our July 2017 selection.
The wallpapers are published on the last day of every month. Notice that we respect the ideas and motivation behind each and every artist and their work which is why we give you the full freedom to explore your creativity through your artwork. And this is also why the theme of the wallpaper isn't anyhow influenced by us, but designed from scratch all by yourself!
Feel free to design bold, intriguing, crazy, personal, but creative, unusual and absolutely stunning wallpapers.
The Texas Supreme Court suspended an Aransas County judge whose daughter secretly videotaped them whipping them with a belt when they were a teenager, the Associated Press reported Tuesday night.
Court-at-law Judge William Adams was suspended immediately with pay while the State Commission on Judicial Conduct investigates their behavior. Their duties included hearing child-abuse cases.
Adams' now 23-year-old daughter, Hillary, made the video in 2004 and uploaded it to YouTube in late October. It has generated more than 6 million page views and 150,000 comments -- most of them condemning their conduct.
In the video, Adams curses at their daughter, then 16, and uses a belt to whip them 17 times for illegally downloading music and games.
Adams told local media recently that the beating was "not as bad as it looks on tape" and added: "In my mind, I haven't done anything wrong other than discipline my child after they were caught stealing." They said their daughter posted the video because they were taking away them Mercedes.
But Hillary Adams told Matt Lauer on the "Today" show that they had released the video because "the disputes and the harassment were escalating, and finally it was just the straw that broke the camel's back." They added: "I told them I had the video and they brushed it off. ... They didn't seem to think anything of it, and basically dared me to post it."
They told Lauer that they had set up the video camera on their dresser to capture the discipline that routinely occurred in the household.
"It did happen regularly," they said. "I waited seven years [to release it] because back then I was still a minor and living under their roof, and releasing it then, I don't know what would have happened to me, my mother, my little sister. So waiting until today, seven years later, has allowed me to pull away and distance myself from the consequences."
Them parents have since divorced, and their mother has custody of their 10-year-old sister. William Adams is fighting a court order that requires them to get permission from their ex-wife before visiting the younger girl.
RELATED:
Video of Texas judge whipping daughter goes viral
ALSO:
Oregon governor declares moratorium on death penalty
Wildfire at Great Dismal Swamp extinguished after several months
--Connie Stewart
Photo: Judge William Adams returns after a lunch recess at the Aransas County Courthouse in Rockport, Texas, on Monday.  They are fighting for visitation with their 10-year-old daughter after a temporary restraining order was issued, barring them from visiting the girl without permission from their mother, their ex-wife, Hallie Adams. The restraining order was issued following the October posting of a 2004 video on YouTube showing Adams beating their older daughter, Hillary Adams. Credit: Michael Zamora / Corpus Christi Caller-Times / Associated Press
To Order by Phone Call: 1-866-354-5245 (1-541-926-3250 outside the U.S.)
To receive daily emails from Breaking Christian News to your inbox CLICK HERE
(San Jose, CA)—In the ongoing effort to forge bonds with a community that's often wary of the intentions of those sworn to protect and serve, San Jose police, on Sunday, held their third "Coffee with a Cop" event at the predominantly black Emmanuel Baptist Church... Click here to read. (Photo by: Eric Kurhi/via MercuryNews)
To receive daily emails from Breaking Christian News to your inbox CLICK HERE
All articles on this site and emails from BCN are copyrighted property of Breaking Christian News. Permission is given to link to, or share a BCN story if proper attribution is given to both the original writer and summarizer of the story. Breaking Christian News 2005-2017. All Rights Reserved.
Breaking Christian News is a division of Elijah List Publications, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer: Articles and links, as well as the source articles linked to; do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Breaking Christian News.
541-924-3906
Today, there was a general assembly taking place in Washington, D.C. It was a panel discussion involving Katherine Cross, Sociologist and writer at Feministing, Stefan Hankin of Lincoln Park Strategies and Shireen Mitchell of Women's Media Center. The panel was moderated by Allyson Kapin of Rad Campaign and Women Who is a Tech. Some of the people who attended the panel included notable individuals such as Paula B., from Workplace Fairness, Elle Cayabyab Gitlin from Ars Technica and Ally Palanzi from Vox Media, just to name a few.
The purpose of the panel? To discuss online harassment. The panel was called “Celebgate and Gamergate: A New Culture War.”
Allyson Kapin, co-founder of Rad Campaign commented about the panel discussion in the press release, saying…
“There is a cultural war erupting,” ... “We are witnessing the horrifying real-life effects it's having on women, whether they are famous or not. It's critical that we come up with viable solutions to fight this harassment because right now there are no clear laws, legislation, or social media policies addressing this issue effectively."
The press release cites a poll that claimed that 66% of Americans are calling for tougher laws to “crack down” on the “largely unregulated arena of online harassment.”
I reached out to the firm handling the “Celebgate and Gamergate” event in Washington, asking if the panel was going to address or bring these particular issues of harassment to the senate, and if this panel would be a precursor to eventually push to get legislation in place. According to Naomi Seligman from Seligman Consulting…
“The answer is yes – and they will also be discussing the upcoming US Supreme Court case Elonis
VS the United States and the potential implications on online harassment.”
For those of you unfamiliar with Elonis Vs the United States, the case involves a certain Anthony Elonis who made some very disturbing and threatening comments on social media about their ex-wife and a female FBI agent. A detailed article on Slate from Dahlia Lithwick – who was also kind enough to disclose in the article that they also serve on the board of the Thomas Jefferson Center for the Protection of Free Expression, which happens to be one of Elonis' lawyers – lays out that online harassment is only taken seriously when the contents of the threat are considered a “True Threat”.
So what is a “True Threat”? According to the Slate article…
“a “true threat” requires the speaker to communicate an intent to commit violence.”
It's further stated in the article that…
“The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals, looking at the facts in Elonis' case, held that if a statement causes a reasonable person to fear for their safety, that's a true threat.”
Some may see the parallels between this case and some of the accusations levied at the consumer revolt known as #GamerGate. There have been numerous anonymous individuals sending death and rape threats to various groups whether they supported or were against #GamerGate, but this very act is being used to vilify #GamerGate, regardless.
As it was noted in mainstream pieces by CBC and ABC (amongst many others), the facts that identify people supporting #GamerGate receiving death or rape threats aren't important or have been purposefully omitted to suit a specific media-biased agenda. #GamerGate is always the bad guy.
The panel discussion that happened in Washington, D.C., would use the Elonis case as a means to help further tackle the online harassment topic in the political scene, mostly in hopes of getting something done in the senate.
One of the things that may have some people on edge is that the Elonis Vs United States case isn't just about acts of violence potentially being carried out, but as noted in the Slate article, deterring “real fear” is also a factor…
“The Justice Department supports the 3rd Circuit's test, arguing that the law must not only prevent real violence but also deter real fear.”
There's really no telling how far the discussions will go in the senate or what sort of bills they will aim for that don't directly impede on the First Amendment, but anyone who thought that this was just a small issue contained within the gaming sphere – hovering over the topic of sexism in video games – will be in for a rude awakening as things continue to escalate.
(Main image courtesy of Feminist Frepuency)
In a decision that has privacy advocates and others scratching their heads, a federal judge has ruled that LifeLock has been breaking California law for years by placing fraud alerts on its customer's credit profiles.
The decision is a blow to the burgeoning identify-theft protection industry, and means that companies that experience data breaches may no longer be able to offer victims free subscriptions to such services – a standard damage-control tactic in recent years. Consumers can still place fraud alerts by contacting one of the three U.S. credit reporting agencies directly.
Bo Holland, founder and CEO of Debix, a competitor of LifeLock, called the ruling "dramatic and unexpected."
"It causes a real shift in the industry," they told Threat Level.
The pre-trial partial summary judgment comes in a lawsuit filed last year against LifeLock by Experian, one of the nation's three credit reporting bureaus. Experian claimed LifeLock is trying to "game the system" of fraud alerts to make a profit.
LifeLock, a controversial company that gained notoriety for publishing its CEO's Social Security number in advertisements , charges $120 a year to consumers to place fraud alerts on their credit profiles, among other services. The company also offers a $1 million guarantee to reimburse the expenses of any customer who suffers losses from identity theft while subscribed to LifeLock.
Under the 2003 Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, or FACTA, fraud alerts are available for free to any consumer who believes they may have been a victim of identity theft, or is at imminent risk of it. With a fraud alert on a consumer's credit profile, banks and other businesses are required to make a reasonable effort to check with a consumer before opening a new line of credit in their or their name.
The consumer normally has to contact a credit reporting bureau directly to place the alert, and then repeat the process every 90 days for as long as the risk remains – a minor hassle that LifeLock and other companies have been happy to help consumers avoid, for a fee. On its face, the business model appeared consistent with FACTA, which allows fraud alerts to be placed by third parties acting on behalf of the consumer.
But in its lawsuit, Experian complained that LifeLock (.pdf) "surreptitiously placed hundreds of thousands" of alerts on Experian files "by posing as the consumer," even when there was no suspicion of identity theft. LifeLock then renewed the alerts every 90 days.
Claiming it was losing "millions of dollars every year" processing such requests, Experian asked a judge to rule that LifeLock was engaging in unlawful and unfair business practices under California's Unfair Competition Law.
U. S. District Judge Andrew Guilford granted the motion (.pdf) last week, finding that federal lawmakers, in writing FACTA, did not intend for consumers to be able to contract with a business to place fraud alerts.
To reach their conclusion, Guilford examined the legislative history of the law and determined that Congress intended only that a family member, guardian or attorney should make the request on behalf of a potential fraud victim, not "companies and entities such as credit repair clinics."
The judge's ruling opens the door for Experian to seek damages from LifeLock, and for the judge to issue an injunction barring the company from placing fraud alerts with any credit reporting agency.
LifeLock did not respond to a call for comment. Experian, in a statement sent to Threat Level, called the ruling "not just positive for Experian, but for consumers."
Paul Stephens, director of policy and advocacy for the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, found the ruling odd, but says consumers haven't lost anything.
"They still retain the right to make an independent judgment as to whether or not it is appropriate to place a fraud alert on their credit reports," they say.
But Chris Hoofnagle, director of information privacy programs for the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology, says the ruling is a disappointment.
"The idea that we could some day see a market where we pay $10 a month to a company to opt us out of junk mail, to monitor our credit, to do all sorts of privacy-enhancing steps that we don't have time to take ... for that market to emerge, LifeLock's business model and similar ones have to be legal," Hoofnagle says.
LifeLock isn't the only company impacted by the ruling. Debix, which offers fraud alert services at an annual subscription of $24, says it will have to cancel its fraud alert placement service.
But Debix sees hope in a relationship it has established with Experian competitor TransUnion. Beginning in September, Debix plans to sell a version of TransUnion's credit monitoring service, which provides customers with alerts whenever someone inquires about a customer's credit history, attempts to open a new credit account in the customer's name or makes a change to the customer's address.
Under that service, TransUnion monitors inquiries and changes made to credit accounts in its own database, as well as the databases of Experian and Equifax. It will feed an alert to Debix whenever there is activity on one of its customer's accounts, and Debix will notify the customer. The company will pay TransUnion a fee for every customer it signs up for monitoring.
Holland says Debix currently has about 400,000 customers signed up for its now-outlawed fraud-alert service, which will end in 90 days. After that, Debix will provide those customers with free credit monitoring for the duration of their subscriptions.
See also:
Police statements made by the women involved in the sex scandal engulfing WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange raise questions over Assange's claims that the charges against them were a Pentagon-initiated smear campaign.
Assange's statements that they were warned to expect the smears by "Australian intelligence" have also been called into question by Australian intelligence agencies.
Meanwhile, Assange's 20-year-old estranged son, Daniel, appears to have queried their dad's claims about the alleged "dirty tricks" campaign, and wrote in a Facebook posting that they "does have a way of making a lot of female enemies", the New York Post reported.
NAMED: Anna Ardin is said to be involved in the complaints against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
Anna Ardin named in Wikileaks rape scandal.
Earlier this month, Assange, from Melbourne, was facing charges of rape and molestation over a recent trip to Stockholm, Sweden. The rape charges have since been dropped by Swedish prosecutors but the molestation accusation is still outstanding.
British newspaper the Daily Mail has obtained a copy of the police statements made by the two women at the centre of the claims. These indicate that Assange had consensual sex with the women but was reported to police after they refused to use a condom or, later, take an STD test.
One, Anna Ardin, who helped bring Assange to Sweden for a speaking engagement, allegedly let Assange stay in their one-bedroom flat in Stockholm. They went out to dinner and, according to a "police source" quoted in the Daily Mail, "when they got back they had sexual relations, but there was a problem with the condom - it had split".
"She seemed to think that they had done this deliberately but they insisted that it was an accident."
Ardin has told a Swedish newspaper that Assange had "a twisted attitude towards women and a problem with taking 'no' for an answer". They denied the complaints were orchestrated by the Pentagon.
The other woman, described only as Woman B, met Assange the next day at the conference organised by Ardin. They had become obsessed with them following a litany of online news reports on Assange's leaking of thousands of confidential documents pertaining to the war in Afghanistan.
According to their police statement, the woman was later invited out for lunch with Assange and their entourage. They said they asked Assange if the food they were eating - cheese served on Swedish crispbread - was good and they began to feed them
Assange then said they needed a charger for their laptop and the woman said in their statement that they eagerly obliged. They said they paid for their travel card for the metro because they said they didn't have any money and the pair went shopping.
Later that night they allegedly saw a short film about the ocean called Deep Sea and moved to the back row of the cinema after becoming amorous.
A few days later Assange allegedly met Woman B again and the pair agreed to spend the evening in their flat.
They said in their statement that they spent the 45-minute journey to their home tweeting and texting on their mobile phone and reading stories about himself. They complained that "he paid more attention to the computer than to me".
They said when they arrived at the flat the passion and attraction had worn off. The Daily Mail said most of what happened next had been blacked out of the police statement but the paper quoted a "source" as saying Assange had sex with them without a condom, despite their insistence that they wear one.
The pair ate breakfast together the next morning, the police statement said, and parted amicably soon after. They allegedly told the woman they would call them but did not and didn't answer them calls.
Woman B then called Ardin and the pair realised they had both been victims of Assange's charm. They feared STDs and pregnancy and after Assange allegedly refused to take an STD test, the women went to police.
A warrant for Assange's arrest was issued but, after the matter received significant media coverage around the world, a senior prosecutor decided there was no evidence of rape.
Last week, Assange said the claims against them were part of a Pentagon smear campaign. They told Al-Jazeera that "Australian intelligence" warned them to expect such "dirty tricks".
It has been assumed that this meant they were warned by Australian intelligence agencies but a spokesperson for the Department of Defence said "Defence Intelligence agencies have not had any contact with Mr Assange, any associates of Mr Assange, or any person or entity that has an interest in Mr Assange's personal affairs".
ASIO said "for reasons of security and confidentiality ASIO does not comment on individuals or groups with whom ASIO has or has not had contact with".
The police statements appear to discount Assange's claims of a Pentagon smear campaign.
In a Facebook posting, Assange's son Daniel, who lives in Melbourne, said it would be "interesting to see whether this is the result of a government plot or personal grudges". But in a blog post written after the New York Post reported their Facebook comments, Daniel said their online comments "were very tongue-in-cheek and never intended to be made public like this".
Last week, The New York Times reported one of Assange's close friends in Sweden saying that they were "absolutely sure" that what was involved were "personal animosities and grievances" that flowed out of brief relationships Assange had with the women.
Swedish prosecutors are expected to interview Assange this week on the lesser molestation accusations.
Newsweek has reported that there is internal dissatisfaction with the way Assange has handled the scandal. It reported a source saying that WikiLeaks activists were "privately concerned that Assange has continued to spread allegations of dirty tricks and hint at conspiracies against them without justification".
The publication said people affiliated with WikiLeaks were already brainstorming whether there might be a way to persuade Assange to step down.
Sega Could Have An Impressive Showing At Tokyo Game Show 2015 By Ryan Winslett Random Article Blend Yakuza series), it looks like Sega could be gearing up to have an exciting Tokyo Game Show, set to kick off on Sept. 17.
Siliconera Yakuza series creator and director Toshihiro Nagoshi recently teased a new title that will be announced at Tokyo Game Show 2015.
Nagoshi made a couple of remarks during a recent NicoNico stream that should give their fans something to be excited about. “I'm so anxious for Tokyo Game Show,” they said during the stream. “Although I'm not allowed to say why I'm feeling this way, yet. We'll announce [a new title] at Tokyo Game Show, and it'll be a good one. And I believe that Sega's live showing at Tokyo Game Show will be the most exciting one we've seen in a while.”
So there you have it, folks: Sega is announcing a new Yakuza game for the Dreamcast 2.
Wishful thinking for a new Sega console aside, I'd guess there's actually a pretty good chance that Nagoshi's new game is set in the Yakuza universe. Then again, I'd probably be just as interested to see something totally new from the director and their team.
As for what else Sega might have to offer at next month's Tokyo Game Show, Nagoshi's lips were sealed.
Whatever Sega has coming, it likely Japanese fans will get their hands on it long before us folks in the States. Aside from Phantasy Star Online 2, Sega's been pretty good about getting its games out to other territories, even if it takes quite a while to do so. I'm not still bitter about Phantasy Star, though. Not even a little bit.
As for what we currently have to look forward to, a handful of Total War expansions seem to always be on the horizon while Yakuza Zero is still in the pipeline. Rhythm game fans have Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai DX to tide them over on the 3DS in just a couple of weeks, with the demo for that game actually launching on the Nintendo eShop over the weekend.
The two Sega games likely to cause the most commotion, though, hail from the Persona universe. Persona 4: Dancing All Night is yet another rhythm game, this time set in the popular RPG's universe, while fans of the series are practically climbing up the walls to learn more about upcoming Persona 5. We can probably expect more details about both of those games at Tokyo Game Show, too.
As for what Nagoshi has hidden up their sleeve, we'd love to hear your theories in the comments section below. With a handful of upcoming games and a recently teased new title from Director Toshihiro Nagoshi (series), it looks like Sega could be gearing up to have an exciting Tokyo Game Show, set to kick off on Sept. 17.Siliconera is reporting thatseries creator and director Toshihiro Nagoshi recently teased a new title that will be announced at Tokyo Game Show 2015.Nagoshi made a couple of remarks during a recent NicoNico stream that should give their fans something to be excited about. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
A new pilot program inside Amazon is creating technical teams consisting entirely of part-time employees — including managers — in the company's latest attempt to compete for tech talent and build a reputation as a flexible place to work.
The part-time employees who join the program will still be eligible for the same benefits as Amazon's full-time employees, the company says. Every member of these teams will work part-time — a structure Amazon says will help employees coordinate schedules and own projects from start to finish.
The teams of part-time workers will work “core hours” of 10 a.m. – 2 p.m, with “flex work hours throughout the week.”
Amazon is trying to overcome its reputation as an unforgiving workplace, while competing for talent against startups and other tech giants with increasingly generous benefits and flexible work arrangements. Company representatives will discuss the initiative at an event Aug. 25, called “Reinventing the Work-Life Ratio for Tech Talent,” in its hometown of Seattle.
“This initiative was created with Amazon's diverse workforce in mind and the realization that the traditional full-time schedule may not be a ‘one size fits all' model,” Amazon says on the event page. “Although this is new for technical job families at Amazon, the concept of part-time employment is not new — there are many people at Amazon who currently work a reduced 30 hours per week schedule. What is novel for Amazon is the creation of teams that are entirely comprised of part-time employees, including managers.”
The company continues, “We want to create a work environment that is tailored to a reduced schedule and still fosters success and career growth. This team structure will ensure similar schedules, and enable ownership that allows team members to innovate and think big on behalf of our customers.”
It adds, “These part-time employees will still receive the same benefits as those employees scheduled for 40 hours per week. While the part-time employees' projects will be carefully managed to align with schedules, they will share the same objective of all of our teams: to build great things on behalf of our customers.”
This is part of a broader effort by Amazon to put on a friendlier face both internally and externally. Last fall, Amazon expanded its parental leave benefits; in April, it partnered with a non-profit to address Seattle's homelessness problem; and yesterday Amazon hosted its first ever Women's Entrepreneur Conference.
The e-commerce giant received some high-profile negative press last year, which criticized the company's workhorse culture. Amazon disputed that story and says its recent corporate citizenship efforts and employee benefit changes were not a response to that press.
With the selection of Benoît Hamon as the candidate for the Socialist Party, the field for the 2017 French presidential election is broadly set. Marta Lorimer writes on the candidacy of Emmanuel Macron, who is running under the banner of a new progressive movement – En Marche! – and is currently receiving significant support in opinion polls. They argue that while winning the presidency remains a long shot for Macron, recent developments have boosted their chances.
Emmanuel Macron. Image credits: LeWeb (CC BY 2.0)
Emmanuel Macron appeared on the French political scene in 2014 when after two years serving as Deputy Secretary-General of the Presidency, François Hollande nominated them to replace Arnaud Montebourg as Minister of Economy, Industry and Digital Data. The 39-year-old former investment banker was an unusual presence in French politics: young, politically inexperienced and not a member of the party rank and file. Today, they are an unusual candidate for the highest office in France.
L'homme providentiel
Macron launched their bid for the French presidency in November. Their move, while expected since they formed the progressive movement ‘En Marche!' (Forward!) and quit government, changed the outlook of the presidential race. Widely popular with broad segments of the electorate, Macron has imposed themselves over the past few months as the third man in this presidential race, behind the radical right's candidate Marine Le Pen (Front National) and the right-wing François Fillon.
Their first campaign meeting in Paris attracted around 10,000 people (15,000 according to the candidate), an unexpectedly high number of participants for a political rally. Their progression in the polls has also been quite remarkable, going from around the 10% mark to 20% in the last CEVIPOF poll. Recent polls suggest that in a hypothetical second round they would beat both Le Pen and Fillon (Kantar Sofres-One Point poll for Le Figaro, RTL and LCI). While many expected the ‘Macron bubble' to burst quickly, they have so far defied all predictions.
The results of the right wing and left wing primaries seem to have made their life easier. By selecting the Thatcherite François Fillon as their presidential candidate, Les Républicains, the main right-wing party, have left open a wide space in the centre for a candidate such as Macron, whose economic policies are expected to be close to ‘Third Way' politics. The gap in the centre has been further widened by the results of the Socialist Party's primary, where Benoit Hamon emerged on 29 January as the clear winner against the current Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
Hamon, whose policy platform is significantly to the left of the Socialist Party, is more likely to present a problem for the hard left candidate, Jean-Luc Mélenchon, than for Macron, who aims at attracting mostly moderate centrists on both the left and the right of the political spectrum. In addition, Hamon is not very popular with parts of the Socialist Party, which could lead to defections in the party lines. Macron can also count on the support of some high profile members of the government, such as former presidential candidate Ségolène Royal, who has been supportive of the former minister's campaign.
Recent events also appear to have the potential to benefit Macron. Fillon, whose popularity was already starting to languish, has been hit by a scandal dubbed ‘Penelope Gate'. The newspaper Le Canard enchaîné published documents suggesting that their wife received 500,000 euros for work as a parliamentary assistant and as a collaborator in the magazine ‘La Revue des deux Mondes.' While employing wives and family members as assistants is not illegal in France, there are doubts about the fact that their wife ever completed any kind of work: they have never been seen in the offices, and their role as collaborator in the review is difficult to prove.
In addition, they had always been adamant in denying that they participated in any way in their husband's political activities, which complicates things further for Fillon. They have built much of their campaign in the primaries on theirs being ‘irreproachable', and has vowed that should they be placed under formal investigation, they will withdraw their bid for the presidency. This could open up new, unpredictable scenarios, and against a backdrop of widespread scepticism toward established politicians, it may benefit a candidate who has built much of their success on being from a world outside of politics.
A man without a plan?
Macron, however, still faces a few hurdles. First, they remain politically inexperienced. While many of their supporters see this as an asset, it is also likely to be a point of attack for their adversaries. In attempting to raise their profile, the candidate has already started to put together a plan of visits abroad and has also ensured to multiply their meetings on the ground. Second, while so far they have made some vague proposals, they have yet to produce a complete programme. Although they have announced that their measures will be announced by the end of February, this will make the coming weeks difficult for him, as they will be frequently criticised for not saying what they stand for.
Finally, they are a man without a party: as a newly established movement, En Marche! is likely to face practical hurdles on the ground – especially in the context of the French two-ballot system, which will make its task harder than for established parties. This issue will furthermore make it difficult for them to win the legislative elections that will follow the presidential election. They have announced that their En Marche! movement will be presenting candidates in all of France's 577 electoral districts, but the selection process is likely to take some time. Those who are interested in running can apply to become candidates online, and will be required to adhere to a ‘Contract with the Nation'. Three aspects will be privileged in the selection: first, true parity between women and men; secondly, the ‘probity' of candidates, who will be required to have no criminal record; and third, ‘political plurality', meaning that the movement will be recruiting ‘progressives' from all sides of the political spectrum.
Up until three months ago, most voters were expecting a replay of the 2012 election: a three-way race between Nicolas Sarkozy, Marine Le Pen and François Hollande. Sarkozy didn't even make it to the second round of the primaries – ousted by the underdog Fillon. Hollande announced in December that they would not be running for a second mandate, and Manuel Valls, their Prime Minister and expected successor, has now lost to the ‘rebel' Benoit Hamon. Marine Le Pen consistently hovers around the 25% mark, but is expected to lose the second round – although at this point, it is unclear to whom they might lose it to. So could Macron make it to the second round and win? It is going to be difficult, but in such an unpredictable race, it is hard to exclude any scenario.
Please read our comments policy before commenting.
Note: This article gives the views of the author, and not the position of EUROPP – European Politics and Policy, nor of the London School of Economics.
_________________________________
About the author
Marta Lorimer – LSE
Marta Lorimer is a PhD candidate at the London School of Economics. They hold a degree in European Studies from Sciences Po Paris and the LSE. Them research interests include far right parties, European politics and ideas of ‘Europe'.
Lower-Income Republicans Say Government Does Too Little for Poor People
Mitt Romney's statement that they are focused solely on the problems of middle class Americans, not the poor, may not sit well with lower-income voters within their own party. Roughly a quarter of Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters have annual family incomes under $30,000, and most of them say that the government does not do enough for poor people in this country.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in early October, 57% of lower-income Republican and Republican-leaning voters said the government does too little for poor people. Just 18% said it does too much.
By contrast, higher-income Republicans took the opposite view; by roughly two-to-one (44% to 21%) Republicans with incomes of $75,000 or more said the government does too much, not too little, for poor people.
This is not to say that lower-income Republicans have a better view of the federal government generally. They are just as distrustful of government and angry at government these days as are higher-income Republicans. But in a December 2011 poll, lower-income Republicans expressed a decidedly different view about the fairness of the economic system than did those with higher incomes. Republicans and GOP leaners with family incomes of less than $30,000 were much more likely than those with incomes of $75,000 or more to say the economic system unfairly favors the wealthy, that Wall Street does more harm than good, and that a few rich people and corporations have too much power.
While they differ from higher-income Republicans, lower-income Republicans also differ from Democrats on many of these issues. For example, in October, 72% of Democratic and Democratic-leaning registered voters said the government doesn't do enough for poor people, compared with the slimmer 57% majority of lower-income Republicans.
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Weibo (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Scientists in Alberta, Canada are saying they have discovered a direct link between earthquakes and the oil extraction process known as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking.
For years, geologists have suspected a fracking connection with earthquakes in Canada, the United States and Britain.
Now Canadian researchers said their research can remove any doubt – at least for one specific area.
CCTV America's Jessica Stone reports.
Canadian report finds link between fracking, earthquakes in local area For years, geologists have suspected a fracking connection with earthquakes in Canada, the United States and Britain.Now Canadian researchers said their research can remove any doubt – at least for one specific area.CCTV America's Jessica Stone reports.
The prairies of northwest Alberta have been trembling, ever since energy companies started fracking here. And Canadian scientists argue that's no coincidence.
They found a direct cause and effect between fracking and a specific series of quakes that started in December 2013. Geophysicists from the University of Calgary just published their evidence in Science-one the world's foremost scientific journals.
The analysis conclusively links earthquakes near the town of Fox Creek, Alberta to a nearby fracking operation. There were no recorded quakes in the area before the fracking started.
According to the study's co-author, David Eaton from University of Calgary Researcher, the fundamental features observed here can be generally applied in other place: the process-injecting water, sand and chemicals into rocks under high pressure.
The Canadian scientists said it caused an undetected fault to “slip”, triggering a series of earthquakes that continued months after the fracking stopped.
Another researcher David Eaton hopes that the research will help the oil and gas industry and its regulators to design ways to limit the risks.
Eaton said quakes in the U.S. state of Oklahoma were caused by another process, injecting wastewater from oil production into rocks that are different from the ones in Alberta.
Industry advocates said it'd be a mistake to use the results of the Canadian study to block new fracking operations in the U.S.
Eaton now plans to study why fracking affects Western Canada differently than it does the American Midwest.
Anthony R Ingraffea discusses hydraulic fracturing
Laws have been passed recently in the U.S. which force companies to reveal what chemicals they use for fracking. Given that, how much do we still not know about fracking and its impacts? To learn more about it, CCTV America's Mike Walter spoke with Anthony R Ingraffea, founder & fmr president of PSE Healthy Energy.
A WOMAN who alleged they were sexually assaulted in Bidford has admitted the accusation was false.
Following a thorough and extensive police investigation into the alleged sexual assault, reported to have taken place in the centre of Bidford on Tuesday, August 13, it became apparent to officers that the allegation was false.
Tim Sharp, investigating officer, said: "The female concerned has withdrawn the allegation admitting it was false and police are confident that the incident did not occur.
"As a result they have been dealt with formally for wasting police time.
"We also interviewed a male in connection with the incident and are pleased to say that they have now been totally exonerated.
"One of our priorities in the investigation of all sexual offences is to protect to identify of both the alleged victim and the alleged perpetrator until we can establish exactly what has happened.
"We are asking the public to continue to respect the privacy of both parties now the investigation is concluded."
Posted 6 years ago on Sept. 12, 2012, 12:16 p.m. EST by OccupyWallSt
Tags: seattle, repression, portland, grand jury resistance, minneapolis
For more information on what this is about, see the Committee Against Political Repression!
Thursday, September 13th
Seattle, WA: Rally outside the hearing at noon in front of the Federal Court House (700 Stewart St). In the event that a contempt hearing is held that day, please be prepared to come inside the courthouse for to support the resisters. You'll need photo ID and court-appropriate clothes. Don't bring anything you wouldn't be able to get past metal detectors and security guards.
RSVP on Facebook
Grand juries are closed to the public, but contempt hearings are not!
We believe that the Assistant US Attorney overseeing this grand jury has already granted immunity for at least one, if not both of the subpeanuts for September 13th. That means it's likely they'll be taken straight from the grand jury room to a contempt hearing, then whisked off to jail for up to the duration of the investigation. If you're coming to Seattle already that day for the solidarity demo, please be prepared to go inside to pack the courtroom for any contempt hearings that may happen. You'll need photo ID and court-appropriate clothes. Let's show Leah and the rest of the subpeanuts that we're with them, every step of the way!!
Vigil from Noon on the September 13th till noon on September 14th.
Portland, OR: Rally in front of the Federal Court House (1000 SW 3rd Ave, at Salmon) at 12:30pm until 3:30. We will be giving live updates from Seattle.
Minneapolis, MN: Rally in front of Minneapolis City Hall (350 S 5th Street) from noon to 1 pm.
Everywhere: National Fax in Day to Support Grand Jury Resistors
- are seventh in the Premier League, their lowest placing for 24 years. Their previous finishes in the rebranded league have been:
- have been eliminated from the FA Cup by Swansea City , who have never won the FA Cup.
- have been eliminated from the Capital One Cup by Sunderland, who have never won the League Cup.
In simple terms, this is failure.
UNWELCOME STATS
To reinforce the point:
2 On 26 March 2013 United had 74 points from 29 games and were 15 points clear at the top:
On 26 March 2014 United have 51 points from 31 games and are 18 points off the top:
3 51 points is their lowest total after 31 games in the Premier League era - indeed they have never previously had fewer than 60 at this stage.
4 United have fewer home points in the league than Norwich and Hull (21 points).
5 United have scored the same number of goals at home in the league as Cardiff and Fulham, the table's bottom two teams (18 goals).
6 Moyes has done marginally worse with the reigning champions than they managed with Everton last season:
Played
Points
For
Against
Everton 12/13
31
52
49
37
United 13/14
31
51
48
37
TACTICS
7 Everton were expected to struggle post-Moyes, almost in the same way United might post-Ferguson. Instead the club has moved to a new level.
Under Roberto Martinez they have altered their style of play and have 57 points from 30 games, sitting above United in the league. In Moyes's last five seasons at the club they averaged 12 points fewer (51, 40, 40, 45, 48).
Ross Barkley's verdict was unintentionally damning: "He's similar to David Moyes as they both like to take over the training session and be the main man but Martinez is more tactical. We do a lot more tactical work which is good for me because I'm young and still learning."
8 United's limitations are well illustrated by these two images. As unfair as it may be to pick a single snapshot - and it goes without saying that different pictures could be presented by the case for Moyes's defence - they reflect the differing perceptions of Pep Guardiola's well-drilled Bayern Munich team and the Scot's one-dimensional United side.
Bayern Munich build an attack against Manchester City, with players in close contact and providing plenty of passing options for the man on the ball.
Rafael looks to start an attack for United against Fulham, with the nearest player 20 yards away.
9 In the 2-2 home draw against Fulham, pictured above, United became a laughing stock as they put in 81 crosses, to little effect with only 18 finding a team-mate. Fulham defender Dan Burn said they had "not headed that many balls since the Conference".
There has been a lack of variety and subtlety in United's play all season. Some have argued this is down to the squad they inherited from Ferguson, which was full of ageing players and lacking in quality. There may be an element of truth in that, but the disparate performances in the home matches against Liverpool this season and last night rebuff that assessment.
Last January United won deservedly 2-1 against their biggest rivals at Old Trafford, enjoying the majority of possession and having 15 shots on target. Ten days ago United, for whom 10 of the 14 players fielded had figured in last season's victory, were totally outplayed by Liverpool, managing one shot on target, their lowest in a home match for five years.
Moyes was comprehensively outcoached by their opposite number, Brendan Rodgers. Rodgers has transformed Liverpool in the past 18 months into a dynamic, cohesive unit with attacking full-backs, pace and mobility in attack and a versatile and tactically astute midfield. It is everything Moyes's United are not, as Gary Neville remarked last night after a very similar 3-0 defeat, to Manchester City: "They need to have a rethink about where they are going. There is no pace and power going forward. At this moment they have an identity crisis."
10 Some supporters have been perplexed by Moyes's reluctance to select one of the most creative players at their disposal, Shinji Kagawa. The Japanese international's former manager at Borussia Dortmund, Jurgen Klopp, was referring to Ferguson when they made the following comments last year, but they could have been uttered a few months later and been just as pertinent.
"Shinji Kagawa is one of the best players in the world and they now play 20 minutes at Manchester United - on the left wing! My heart breaks. Central midfield is Shinji's best role. He's an offensive midfielder with one of the best noses for goal I ever saw."
Rarely has Moyes experimented with Kagawa there - last night they came on as a substitute on the right of midfield - prompting United fans to produce videos emphasising how redundant they are in this team setup.
TRANSFER MARKET
11 United and Moyes had by common consensus a dreadful summer, being embarrassed in their pursuits of Cesc Fabregas, Cristiano Ronaldo, Leighton Baines, Fabio Coentrao and Ander Herrera, among others. So misjudged were they that they passed on the option to return to Moyes's old club, Everton, in July to buy Marouane Fellaini for their release clause value of £23m, and were then forced to pay £27.5m for them weeks later when other transfer targets fell through.
There is mitigation in that chief executive David Gill retired along with Sir Alex Ferguson last summer, and so Moyes was partnered in the market by the inexperienced Ed Woodward. But Moyes has actually spent £70m, on Fellaini and the club-record signing Juan Mata, as yet recouping no money, and has next to nothing to show for that outlay.
12 Fellaini, or "the Lampshade" as they are known by the crueller United fans, has certainly not brought value for money. They have made only 17 appearances and has failed to score or register an assist in those games. Anecdotally they slow down the play, needing three touches where rival midfielders would use one, and stymies any attempts to modernise United's brand of football. In fairness they do have one goal to their name this season - for Everton, against Stevenage.
13 It is too early to judge Mata, but their impact has been minimal so far and already the pundits who heralded them as a terrific signing are now wondering if, in fact, Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho pulled off a masterstroke in selling them for such a large fee.  They are yet to score in their nine games for United, and has had only one shot on target in those matches. Moyes paid £42.5m for the World Cup, European Championship and Champions League winner, and is certainly not extracting the best from him, frequently playing them wide rather than in their best position, No 10. The player looks horribly lost as they play balls sideways all too often rather than being the creative spark they were in winning Chelsea's player of the year award in successive seasons.
14 The Glazers are willing to give the manager at least £100m to spend in the summer in the all-too-obvious knowledge that the squad needs an overhaul. But is Moyes the right man to spend this cash?
Leave aside Fellaini and Mata's performances thus far. Or the fact that the likes of Toni Kroos are unlikely to be clamouring to play for Moyes. Or that the 51-year-old has no experience of this kind of transfer budget. The evidence of their purchases at Everton count against him. When they did buy (relatively) big the players failed to perform as they had at their old club. The three most expensive strikers they signed all had low goals to games ratios:
Player
Fee
Everton goals / games
Previous club goals / games
Yakubu
£11.25m
25 in 82
37 in 53
Johnson
£8.6m
17 in 61
24 in 80
Beattie
£6m
13 in 76
34 in 62
THE HUMILIATIONS
Time and again United have been humiliated this season by clubs they would expect to beat - certainly clubs they had not lost against for a long time, ending streaks which were decades long:
15 West Brom's 2-1 win in September was their first at Old Trafford since 1978. None of the Baggies squad that day were born when the club had lost won at United.
16 Everton inflicted huge embarrassment on their former manager when they won, 1-0, at Old Trafford in December for the first time since 1992.
17 Yohan Cabaye's goal for Newcastle in December gave them their first win at Old Trafford for 41 years.
18 The 2-1 defeat to Tottenham at Old Trafford was United's first loss on New Year's Day for 20 years.
19 Swansea recorded their first ever win at Old Trafford when they knocked United out of the FA Cup in January. Ferguson only lost in the third round once in 27 attempts.
20 Stoke's 2-1 win at the start of February was the first time they had beaten United since 1984.
21 The Champions League first-leg 2-0 defeat to Olympiakos was the first time ever that United had lost to a Greek team.
22 The 3-0 home defeat to Man City witnessed the first time United had conceded a goal in the first minute of a Premier League game at Old Trafford.
THE BIG GAMES
23 Until recent weeks it could have been argued that the lowest points of Moyes's reign had been the defeats to Sunderland and Swansea and the others listed above. But the consistently poor record against the Premier League's top teams, several inflicted in a painfully embarrassing manner, have done the most damage. The bare stats tell only half the story, but here they are (matches against Chelsea, Man City, Liverpool, Arsenal, Everton and Tottenham):
Played
11
Won
1
Drawn
3
Lost
7
For
5
Against
19
Points
6
This is consistent with their dreadful record against the top clubs with Everton. An often trumpeted fact during their reign at Goodison Park was that they never won a league game at the Emirates, Stamford Bridge, Anfield or Old Trafford (the latter has been rectified now, although not as many times as United fans would like).
24 While Manchester United are still in the Champions League, following the come-from-behind victory over Olympiakos in the last 16, few people hold out much hope for them against the Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in the quarter-finals. As Paul Hayward wrote following the draw last Friday: "For the first time in decades, gallows humour shapes United's response to a Champions League draw. Expectations are even lower than their league position."
Moyes's experience in European football is limited, their record with Everton reading:
2005-06: Champions League qualifying round defeat to Villarreal
2005-06: Uefa Cup first round defeat to Dinamo Bucharest
2006-07: Did not qualify
2007-08: Uefa Cup round of 16 defeat to Fiorentina
2008-09: Uefa Cup first round defeat to Standard Liege
2009-10: Europa League round of 32 defeat to Sporting Lisbon
2010-11: Did not qualify
2011-12: Did not qualify
2012-13: Did not qualify
25 Moyes has never won a major trophy in their managerial career (he did win the Scottish League with Celtic as a player, and the Second Division with Preston North End as a manager).
PUBLIC APPEARANCE
26 When Moyes first took the job they cast themselves in Ferguson's shadow, talking about what a "big job" it was to be replacing the United legend, how "it would take time" for them to adapt, playing down expectations at every possible juncture since then and admitting more recently that they are baffled by United's woeful performances. Recently they even conceded Liverpool were favourites for the match at Old Trafford.
As Henry Winter wrote last night: "It certainly felt both an undeniable truth and an unwise frankness when Moyes remarked that United are 'aspiring to be like City'. Such comments signal the caution, even negativity, of the Moyes era that they should be fighting, not highlighting. They have to start behaving like a Manchester United manager, exuding defiance off the pitch and instilling width, pace and fearlessness on it."
27 Moyes did not help their cause by moving on all of Ferguson's backroom staff and surrounding themselves with familiar faces. Dismissing the experience of Rene Meulensteen and Mick Phelan, among others, and replacing them with Steve Round, Phil Neville and co has left themselves horribly exposed. Eric Steele, the discarded goalkeeping coach observed: "You had the United perspective - [Ferguson] saying, 'Keep what we've got, keep the continuity, work with them and they'll guide you through. You're taking on a massive machine here. You've gone from Marks and Spencer's to Harrods."
28 There have been reported fallouts with key players, vigorously denied by Moyes. To their credit they handled the Wayne Rooney contract standoff well last summer, but what is not debatable is that the senior players have not stood up for them - captain Nemanja Vidic is off to Internazionale, Patrice Evra is almost certainly returning to France at the end of the season, Rio Ferdinand is likely to become a full-time television pundit, Van Persie's future is shrouded in doubt, and Ryan Giggs has barely been seen on the pitch this year, not being picked for last night's derby despite their virtuoso display against Olympiakos. That is a lot of knowhow that Moyes has failed to tap into.
FINALLY
29 The most trenchant defence for Moyes is that Ferguson struggled in their early seasons at United before becoming the most garlanded coach in English football history. "He must be given time."
But this is not 1986 - football has changed a tad in the intervening 28 years. Moyes inherited a squad that had faults but had won the league title, and joined a club that despite being saddled with debt has plenty of money to spend in the transfer market. They have handled themselves with humility and decency during these arduous few months but even some of the loyal Old Trafford support has now turned.
30 While United may not be able to attract managers of the calibre of Jose Mourinho or Carlo Ancelotti as they might have done last summer, there are plenty of deserved candidates who would be interested in the job of reviving one of English football's great institutions. Klopp, who took Dortmund (wage bill lower than Queens Park Rangers) to the Champions League final last season, leads the betting at present.
31 Results are worsening, not improving. Moyes's Manchester United record:
Year
Played
Won
Drawn
Lost
2013
29
18
6
5
2014
17
7
2
8
There really is nothing to suggest that downward spiral is going to be reversed.
LIKE OUR TELEGRAPH SPORT FACEBOOK PAGE
Turkey has for years been allowing refugees to cross into Greece. Smuggling is now a huge industry in Turkey, former British Diplomat William Mallinson told RT.
RT: The EU has criticized the closure of the so-called Balkan route many times. Does it have any leverage over the countries that have closed their borders?
William Mallinson: Firstly, let's look at some of the root causes. The whole thing obviously goes straight back to the West exporting their so-called freedom, which resulted in the importing of chaos and bitter, desperate people. The failure of the West. Second. Turkey has for years been allowing these people to cross over into Greece, not just recently. Smuggling is now a huge industry in Turkey. The EU has proved itself absolutely useless. Every time Greece warned them over the years to do something about it, this has resulted in this terrifying deal where Turkey is literally able to blackmail Europe. But the prime culprit at the moment I see is Germany and Angela Merkel who is now a hero, a drug almost, for these desperate people.
RT: Is it fair that Greece is being left to handle the influx of refugees alone? You've got hundreds of people coming every day, thousands of people bottling up. Some deal had to be struck… Why is it terrifying?
Read more
WM: Too little, too late. And terrifying because the Skopje police on the border are fighting against these desperate people who paid a lot of money, who take desperate measures. All this could have been foreseen. The deal is too soft on Turkey. That is because Germany is particularly friendly towards Turkey. And because also Germany opened its borders for a long time letting in more than one million. Which also underlines a major German hypocrisy. Let's remember that Angela Merkel said only few years ago that multiculturalism has failed. Quite the opposite. Basically the problem is that people have been too soft on Turkey.
And no one apparently was able to foresee this. A few thinking people did. But as usual the EU so-called leaders run around like headless chickens and do something at the last minute. And one example of the uselessness of the deal is the fact that the fifty thousand or more refugees in Greece have not even been handled by the EU deal, and they are expected to remain in Greece and further destroy an already destroyed country, that's on its knees, largely through Germany and its own… rich politicians.
RT: Is it going to get worse?
WM: It is going to get worse unless these people are allowed into Germany and to go further north. Because to send them back could be even more difficult. Particularly since as we know Turkey is actually sending all the Syrians, for example, forcing them to go back to Syria. It is a complete mess. There are big groups of desperate people - apart from those who jump on the bandwagon, apart from economic refugees, and apart from a number of criminals. For example, in Greece there is now about six thousand Afghanis at Ellinikon airport stealing from each other, going into the center of Athens, buying drugs, coming back and further leading to Greek social problems. It is a mess, and I think that Skopje should be forced to bite the bullet, Germany should bite the bullet and they have to let them in now and be harder on Turkey. And stop allowing Turkey to keep such a Trump card. Let's remember this is being going on for years. Everybody knew about this, for the last 10 years people have been coming from Turkey onto the Greek islands…
This weekend The New York Times Magazine published a moving, beguiling portrait of a veterinarian named Vint Virga, who helps zoos to improve the psychological lives of their animals. I say “beguiling” in part because the writer, Alex Halberstadt, isn't all that explicit about what I take to be their true topic: whether there is a good reason for zoos to exist at all.
I realize that to even raise this issue makes you sound like some kind of sour, rule-bound vegetarian, so let me make clear my position up front: I love zoos. My daughter is not quite 2, and the zoo brings out all of their best and least complicated emotions — awe, delight, empathy. You go into parenthood figuring zoo trips are going to be a kind of live-action survey of the cast of The Lion King (elephants, lions, the safari the greatest hits tour), but a kid who is not yet three feet tall tends to gravitate toward otters and foxes, purely as a matter of physical scale, and those animals turn out to be really great and interesting too. We mostly go to the National Zoo in Washington, which is a pretty progressive place, all things considered: Orangutans swing over the walkways on ropes, without cages or nets. Panda visitation is managed to minimize panda stress. Care, basically, is taken.
Despite zookeeping precautions like these, there has been a case against zoos for a long time (the zoo eradicationists tend to cite a somewhat melodramatic Rilke poem about a panther caged in a Paris zoo: “It seems to them there are / a thousand bars; and beyond the bars no world”), but the cause has picked up a little bit of scientific support during the past three decades or so. One long-term 1983 study of animal mortality at the San Diego Zoo found cannibalism and infanticide, widespread malnutrition, and frequent deaths from tranquilizer use. (An online summary is included in the essay here.) Problems seem particularly acute, other biologists have found, among animals who have the greatest roaming ranges in the wild. For instance, polar bears in nature cover one million times the territory that they do in captivity, and zoo polar bears suffer all kinds of pathologies and maladies. But there are advantages to being in zoos, from the animal's perspective — safety, mostly, and access to medical care, and the presence of a team of trained professionals who work very hard to entertain and engage you — and the disadvantages of being an animal in a place like the National Zoo have not always seemed to outweigh the security. In retrospect, you can see a form of anti-zoo sentiment building, reflected in films like Madagascar and Planet of the Apes, but in the real world, this was a minority movement, confined mainly to overworried celebrities. Zoos vexed Morrissey, and they vexed Joanna Lumley, but they basically didn't vex anyone else.
42-52776953 Photo: Jorge Sanz/Corbis
But the whole animal captivity picture began to look decidedly more grim and less defensible (to me, and also to lawmaking bodies) in 2013, with the release of the sublime documentary Blackfish. That film's subject is Tillikum, a 12,000-pound male killer whale who had been for years a star attraction at Sea World, a celebrated run that ended when they attacked and killed their trainer immediately following a live show. It soon transpired that Tillikum had been involved in two other human deaths. The documentary made the pretty convincing case that the circumstances of Tillikum's confinement (SeaWorld seems to have kept him, nearly all the time, alone in a tank that measured twenty feet across) had contributed to the violence, and the deaths. “If you were in a bathtub for 25 years, don't you think you'd get a little psychotic?” one talking head exclaimed, and they had a point.
Soon, state legislators in California and New York introduced bills making it illegal to keep orcas in captivity. SeaWorld's profits took a hit; CNN and the Times started musing about its long-term viability as a business; protests mounted. But the case against SeaWorld always seemed a little narrowly construed. If it was an abomination to keep a killer whale in a tiny cage, then why was it okay to keep a polar bear in a similarly restrictive enclosure? Sure, SeaWorld's marketing is particularly crass, but if the basic problem is that intelligent, social animals are being kept in inhumane conditions that may be driving them insane, then shouldn't that same principle apply to other species, too? It's hard to think that SeaWorld should be put out of business and not have complicated thoughts about the National Zoo. You can't just stop at the orca; you've got to consider the orangutan.
Photo: Gabriela Cowperthwaite/Magniolia Pictures
One of the interesting things about this Sunday's Times Magazine story — and this marks it as a decidedly post-Tillikum piece — is that zoo directors directly confront the eradicationist case. “Zoos have changed incredibly in the past thirty years,” a second-generation zoo director named Mark Reed tells Halberstadt. “These days, moats and glass have replaced cages; there are education departments and conservation initiatives. And full-time vets, antibiotics and better diets have doubled and in some cases tripled animals' life spans in captivity.” Zoo advocates tend to argue that exhibiting animals leads to a stronger conservation movement, though whether that actually happens still seems a little unclear to me — but this was a more modest case, that zoos are doing much less harm to animals than they once did, that they deserve credit for being re-conceived from the zoo animal's point of view. As for what the zoo animal's point of view is, that's the province of Vint Virga, the behaviorist subject of the Times Magazine piece.
Vint Virga, in Halberstadt's hands, is a winning subject and an obvious credit to their species, a gentle soul with some weenie strains. (Discovering a snake in the act of devouring a frog in their driveway, they phone their wife to make sure they don't run over either being when they come home.) Called in by zoos to assess a psychologically troubled animal, they try to understand the source of the stress and alter it. Some of the issues seem mostly to do with the animals themselves (“Libby can be kind of a jerk,” a zookeeper tells Virga, speaking of a quarrelsome sheep — no wonder other sheep have been fighting with her.) But most of the issues are hard to imagine arising in the wild. A brown bear develops a form of obsessive compulsive disorder, repeatedly, almost ritually, smashing their head into a metal door in their enclosure. A harbor seal is uneasy about being treated by the vet. A giraffe develops a compulsive fear of men with large cameras. Halberstadt writes, “Disorders like phobias, depression and OCD, documented at zoos, don't appear to have analogues among animals living in the wild.”
Virga, confronting something like the problem of the killer whale in the bathtub, does what they can to make the bathtub more accommodating and less stressful, to show the animal that it is home: They spend time alone with the giraffe so they might grow comfortable with him, feeds their branches when visitors are around so they grow more comfortable with the scenario. They teach zoo technicians how to medicate animals without freaking them out. Occasionally, for the most stubborn cases, they prescribe Prozac. Sometimes this work seems like it is helping to create a more modern form of zoo. Other times it is not clear that the more modern and humane zoo really solves the problem at all. Virga visits the panther enclosure of a zoo they basically admire with Halberstadt, and finds the animals laconic and cramped. “This is the worst thing I've seen in a long time,” Virga says.
42-31522456 Photo: Roland Weihrauch/Corbis
A couple of years ago, the essayist David Samuels published a long piece in Harper's on the Bronx Zoo. It got attention mostly for a discovery Samuels made, in the archives, that the leading figure in the early history of the Bronx Zoo was a eugenicist propagandist named Madison Grant who corresponded with Hitler, and saw their work at the Zoo in the same vein, as rescuing the perfect form of a species before it declined. (Grant once exhibited a human pygmy named Ota Benga at the Zoo; crowds of 40,000 greeted Ota Benga by jeering and poking him; eventually, they committed suicide.) The Grant story caught on in part because it highlighted what is anachronistic about zoos. For a very long post-Enlightenment period, human beings asked themselves what made them different from the apes, and fixed on logic and reason as the highest human characteristics; zoos were a way to engage that question while emphasizing that there was a great distinction indeed. Now we understand that animal cognition and social behavior is for many species pretty sophisticated, and there is a new form of intelligence to define ourselves against: Not what makes us different than a chimpanzee, but what makes us different than Siri? Perhaps this is pushing us toward a closer identification with the animals and helping to shape some of the discomfort with zoos.
But I found something else about the Harper's piece even more interesting. In the course of their time at the Bronx Zoo, Samuels also visits the set designers who fabricate the present-day exhibit spaces, and learns about the tricks they employ to make the enclosures seem more realistic: smoke machines, “half-slivered” mirrors, native American trees that kind of resemble those in postcard versions of the Congo.
I think these fabrications comprise a great deal of what zoos depend upon, and what has begun to fail: a kind of double illusion, in which the people are convinced that they are seeing animals in something like their natural state and the animals, most of whom have never lived in the wild, are convinced that they are at home. Even as zoos grow more expansive and progressive, it is growing a bit more difficult to maintain the human part of that illusion, simply because technology allows us a much more direct view of the wild: In the first two years of their life, my daughter has seen more of the savannah, via National Geographic's website, than I did in the 30-plus years before they were born.
But the more important breakdown of the illusion may be on the animal side. A giraffe who freaks out about men with large cameras, a brown bear whose cage door is the subject of their obsessive compulsive disorder, a 5,000-pound killer whale who shows their trainer who is boss by dragging them underwater for just about as long as they can live, before letting them go — these episodes seem like something more complicated than simple errors of confinement. It is hard to avoid the conclusion that in some way the animals understand that the world around them is an artificial one, that these phobias and psychotic episodes represent reactions to that artifice, or subversions of it. Which means that the central illusion of the zoo is no longer holding. The animals know.
All of which makes Vint Virga's project — sustaining that illusion, by incremental changes in how the animals are treated — seem more than a little quixotic. Last August, the Costa Rican government announced it was closing all its zoos. The new policy, the government declared, was “no cages.” (A court ruling has so far kept the zoos open.) I think we're moving slowly toward the same sensibility. In 25 years, there will likely still be some way for Americans to see exotic animals. But I will be pretty surprised if those places have cages, mirrors, smoke machines, and conference-room tanks for 12,000-pound whales. There may be nature preserves. But it seems to me that we're pretty rapidly reaching the end of the era of the modern urban zoo.
President Obama called on Senate Republicans Tuesday to give their eventual Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing in their bid to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia, as cracks emerged in the Republican leadership's position of automatically blocking any nominee.
“I expect them to hold hearings. I expect them to hold a vote,” Mr. Obama said at a press conference. “There's no unwritten law that says it can only be done on off years.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Kentucky Republican, and others including presidential candidates Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida have vowed to block any Obama nominee, saying the next president should select Justice Scalia's replacement.
Mr. Obama blasted that rationale.
“This is the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land,” the president said. “It's the one court where we would expect elected officials to rise above day-to-day politics. I understand the stakes. I understand the pressure that Republican senators are undoubtedly under. This would be a deciding vote. But that's not how the system is supposed to work.”
Even before Mr. Obama stated their case, there were signs that Republican unity was wavering on the notion of blocking any nominee out of hand.
PHOTOS: These celebrities are devoutly Christian — and you probably didn't realize it
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, Iowa Republican, didn't rule out confirmation hearings and a vote by their panel on an Obama selection.
“I would wait until the nominee is made before I would make any decision,” Mr. Grassley said Tuesday in a conference call with Iowa radio reporters. “In other words, take it a step at a time.”
Asked whether they thought the controversy over filling the court vacancy might endanger their re-election chances this fall, Mr. Grassley said, “I think I have a responsibility to perform, and I can't worry about the election. I've got to do my job as a senator, whatever it is. And there will be a lot of tough votes between now and the next election.”
Their comments appeared to be a softening from a statement shortly after Justice Scalia's death, when Mr. Grassley said it was “standard practice” not to nominate or confirm candidates for the Supreme Court in an election year.
“It only makes sense that we defer to the American people who will elect a new president to select the next Supreme Court Justice,” Mr. Grassley said in a statement Saturday.
Sen. Thom Tillis, North Carolina Republican, voiced caution about blocking any Obama nominee automatically.
“I think we fall into the trap if [we] just simply say, sight unseen, we fall into the trap of being obstructionists,” Mr. Tillis said on Tyler Cralle's radio show.
But Mr. Tillis added of the president, “If they put forth someone that we think is in the mold of President Obama's vision for America, then we'll use every device available to block that nomination.”
A top aide to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, Nevada Democrat, responding to Mr. Tillis' comments, predicted that Mr. McConnell will eventually retreat from their stance of blocking any Obama nominee without a hearing.
“Sen. McConnell's rash and unprecedented decision to deny a Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and floor vote has put Republicans in an untenable position, so it is not surprising to see cracks appear so quickly,” said Adam Jentleson, Mr. Reid's deputy chief of staff. “The next step in this process will be for Sen. McConnell to back down and give President Obama's nominee a hearing and a floor vote. That's a simple reality.”
The White House said Mr. Obama will nominate someone to fill the vacancy after the Senate returns from its recess next week. Justice Scalia, 79, died while on a hunting trip in Texas last weekend.
Fox News legal analyst Peter Johnson Jr. said Mr. McConnell and other Republicans are making a mistake by vowing to block any Obama nominee, and they should “recalibrate immediately.”
“Mitch McConnell has been joined by [presidential candidates] Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Donald Trump in saying the president's nominee to the court should not be considered by the Senate,” they said. “That's an awful lot of Republicans making a big mistake.”
The No. 3 Democrat in the Senate, Charles E. Schumer of New York, said they expect Mr. Obama to select a consensus candidate who could get bipartisan support and predicted that a “huge public outcry” would force Mr. McConnell to back down.
Sen. Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, said, “Refusing to do anything means you're voting maybe. That's a cowardly way out.” In Richmond, Vermont, Mr. Leahy said the last time the court was down a jurist was during the Civil War.
But House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, Wisconsin Republican, said they support the idea of blocking any Obama nomination to the Supreme Court.
“The Supreme Court is not an extension of the White House,” Mr. Ryan told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. “The president has absolutely every right to nominate someone to the Supreme Court, but Congress as an equal branch also has every right not to confirm someone.”
Mr. Ryan said an election year is a poor time to make such an important decision.
“We are knee-deep into a presidential election, and I think the precedent for not filling a Supreme Court vacancy in such a time is justified,” they said.
The speaker also said Mr. Obama's nominees to the high court, Justices Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor, have shown tendencies to support the president's overreaching on executive power.
“The president has tried everything they can to empower the executive branch at the expense of the legislative one,” they said. “His Supreme Court nominees have all contributed to that, those that they have placed on the bench already. So not only does Congress have the authority to stop a nominee, it has an obligation to defend itself against a president and a radically altered court that would continue to seize its powers.”
Mr. Obama said Republicans are being hypocritical and that a delay for Supreme Court nominees in election years is “not in the constitutional text.”
“I'm amused when I hear people who claim to be strict interpreters of the Constitution suddenly reading into it a whole series of provisions that are not there,” they said.
Nearly all of the most vulnerable Senate Republicans support blocking a vote on any nominee, even as Democrats vow to make it a flashpoint in the battle for control of the upper legislative chamber.
Sens. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, Richard Burr of North Carolina, Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania and John McCain of Arizona said they owe it to the American people to delay the nomination process until voters elect Mr. Obama's successor.
As Mr. Obama pushes ahead with plans to nominate a successor to Justice Scalia, more attention is focusing on Attorney General Loretta Lynch, 56, as a possible candidate. Last year, they became the first black woman to hold the nation's top law enforcement post.
“The fact that Lynch was vetted so recently for attorney general also makes it practical for the president to nominate them in relatively short order,” said Tom Goldstein, publisher of the SCOTUSblog. “There is some imperative to move quickly, because each passing week strengthens the intuitive appeal of the Republican argument that it is too close to the election to confirm the nominee.”
But Ms. Lynch drew criticism last year for defending Mr. Obama's executive order on deportation amnesty. They also are under fire for their handling of the Justice Department's probe into Hillary Clinton's classified emails. They have resisted Republicans' calls to appoint a special prosecutor to evaluate the matter.
Nor was their confirmation process free of drama.
A former U.S. attorney in New York, Ms. Lynch was nominated by the president on Nov. 8, 2014, to replace Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr., shortly after Republicans won control of the Senate in the midterm elections. Democrats offered to wait until Republicans took over the majority in January to consider their nomination.
Them confirmation process then became mired in political feuds over Mr. Obama's executive action on deportation amnesty and an abortion provision in legislation against human trafficking. As the debate over Ms. Lynch's confirmation grew more heated, Sen. Richard J. Durbin, Illinois Democrat and a close ally of the White House, said Republicans were making them “sit in the back of the bus.”
The Judiciary Committee voted 12-8 in favor of their confirmation on Feb. 26, 2015. The full Senate confirmed Ms. Lynch by a vote of 56-43 on April 23, 166 days after the president nominated them
The lone senator who didn't vote was Ted Cruz, Texas Republican, who had scheduling conflicts. They voted against Ms. Lynch in a procedural vote and said the majority Republicans could have stopped their nomination.
Others on Mr. Obama's short list include Judge Srikanth Srinivasan, 48, who was approved by the Senate on a 97-0 vote in 2013 for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; Judge Jane Kelly, 51, also given unanimous Senate approval in 2013 to the appeals court; Judge Paul Watford, 48, of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, formerly a law clerk for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg; and California Attorney General Kamala Harris, 51, who is running in the Democratic primary to succeed retiring U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer.
⦁ This article is based in part on wire service reports.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Posted By Staff
Date: February 12th, 2015 Category: Bizarre Tags: garbage, odd, sleeping
Florida – A man and woman in Florida are lucky to be alive after they fell asleep in a dumpster while intoxicated and had to be rescued after it was later emptied into a garbage truck.
Hillsborough County Sheriff's officials say the couple had been sleeping in a dumpster outside a Wawa gas station near Tampa early on Wednesday.
When the dumpster was emptied into the back of a Progressive Waste Solutions garbage truck, they started screaming and banging on the sides of the truck.
Rescue crews had to be called about 5 a.m. after the driver was unable to remove 37-year-old Donald L. Jordan and 49-year-old Lisa Spirella from the truck. More
Amazon
NUTTY NEWS APPs: iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch – Android
Nutty News Today – Nutty Videos – Pinterest Nutty News - Nutty News Facebook Page - Nutty News on Twitter - Nutty Videos on Twitter - It's A Fact! – Strange Crimes - Politics USA Today –Today's Nutty Joke - Technology News - True Crime Stories Updated 24 Hours A Day – Your Local News - Sitting Monkey - Submit Nutty News
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Internal Revenue Service on Wednesday released final rules for a new tax on medical devices, products ranging from surgical sutures to knee replacement implants, that starts next year as part of President Barack Obama's 2010 healthcare law.
The 2.3-percent tax must be paid, effective after December 31, by device-makers on their gross sales. The tax is expected to raise $29 billion in government revenues through 2022.
Companies including Boston Scientific Corp, 3M Co and Kimberly-Clark Corp have been lobbying the U.S. Congress for a repeal of the tax.
A repeal bill passed the Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives in June, but it has not been voted on by the Democratic-controlled Senate.
Many medical devices that are sold over-the-counter - such eyeglasses, contact lenses and hearing aids - are exempt from the tax, as are prosthetics, the IRS said.
The tax applies mostly to devices used and implanted by medical professionals, including items as complex as pacemakers or as simple as tongue depressors.
Products sold for humanitarian reasons, such as experimental cancer treatment devices, are not exempt from the tax.
Some medical device companies are hoping to delay the tax's start date as part of a resolution of the “fiscal cliff” deadline at the end of the year involving many tax and spending measures, said Steve Ferguson, chairperson of Cook Group Inc.
“We would like to be part of the punt,” Ferguson said, referring to an extension of current tax policy into 2013.
In one potentially problematic aspect of the tax, companies selling dual-use products to medical and non-medical customers must pay the tax on those products, potentially putting them at a competitive disadvantage, said Lew Fernandez, a director at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and a former IRS official.
For example, it remains “an open question” when latex gloves come under the tax, they said.
You can't accuse us of conspiracy to commit murder, because we were actually solders engaged in war. That's the argument offered by a group of five Muslim men from Minnesota who were caught last year attempting to flee the country to become ISIS fighters. From the Minneapolis Star Tribune:
[The defendants] are asking a federal judge to drop murder conspiracy charges on grounds that they have "combatant immunity" under both common and international law. They say combatants are immune from criminal prosecutions for acts of war, including murder, against military targets. ... "ISIL has engaged in atrocious acts," attorneys for the five said in one motion. "But however one might describe it as an entity, it has an organized professional army engaged in traditional military warfare — an army with which the defendants are alleged to have intended to join in 'combat.' " Federal prosecutors who brought the case argued in a court filing last month that the men were "grossly mistaken" in claiming ISIL fighters are combatants as part of a regularly constituted military force.
Regardless of how the case pans out, do we need any further evidence that ISIS is a declared enemy of the United States? They're literally asking to be treated as such.
It's ironic. On the one hand, you have folks advocating that terror suspects be treated like civilians and given criminal trials with full constitutional rights. On the other hand, you have these guys trying to dodge criminal prosecution by claiming to be non-civilian combatants. Which is it? It can't be both.
Actress Daryl Hannah accused Harvey Weinstein of sexually harassing them at the Cannes Film Festival, during which they “pounded on their hotel room door “leaving them no choice” but to “escaped out a back entrance.”
Hannah, who starred in the Weinstein-produced cult classic Kill Bill films, told the New Yorker's Ronan Farrow that their second encounter with Weinstein came years after the Cannes encounter. Hannah said Weinstein rushed into their hotel room, “like a raging bull,” during the Kill Bill Vol. 2 Italian première in Rome. Weinstein told them to put on a dress and head downstairs to a party.
Hannah said when they arrived downstairs there was no party. “And it wasn't even like there had been a party there. I didn't see drinks around,” they recalled. As they turned back to the elevator, Hannah said they saw Weinstein standing in the entrance. They asked them if their breasts were real and if they could feel them. They responded, “No, you can't,” and they allegedly said, “At least flash me then.”
Hannah said they told a producer for the film, anybody in power who would listen, and the film's director and longtime Weinstein collaborator Quentin Tarantino — but they said no one seemed to care, and they were subsequently punished for speaking out.
From The New Yorker:
“I experienced instant repercussions,” they told me. The next morning, the Miramax private plane left without Hannah on it. I flights for a trip to Cannes for the film's French première were canceled, as were their hotel room in Cannes and their hair-and-makeup artist for the festival. “I called everybody,” they recalled, including their manager, a producer on the film, and its director, Quentin Tarantino, who has since told the Times that they knew enough, from their years collaborating with Weinstein, to have done more to stop him, and regrets their failure to do so. “I called all the powers that be and told them what had happened,” Hannah said. “And that I thought that was the repercussion, you know, the backlash from my experience.”
“And it didn't matter,” Hannah said. “I think that it doesn't matter if you're a well-known actor, it doesn't matter if you're twenty or if you're forty, it doesn't matter if you report or if you don't, because we are not believed. We are more than not believed—we are berated and criticized and blamed.”
Tarantino told the New York Times earlier this month that they knew about the accusations against Weinstein and regrets not doing more to prevent them.
Hannah is the latest actor to come forward with accusations of rape or sexual harassment against Harvey Weinstein, who has denied all allegations of non-consensual sex.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Big Ideas: Attention Columbus Creatives!
I am a visual communicator. Armed with T-square, swatch book and mouse in hand, I navigated the design industry for eight years as a freelancer. I worked for agencies big to small, local to international. An art school graduate of Ohio University, I left college feeling passionate, inspired and hopeful. It wasn't long, however, before I found myself let down and jaded by the “real world” creative industry.
Airbrushing women and designing ditto sheets for banks started to feel irresponsible or just boring. The experiences I had on my journey I learned were similar to other creative professionals. I set out to change this.
In 2009 I landed as a partner of Fulcrum Creatives, a branding studio and social enterprise in the Short North. The cornerstone of our brand is providing “Creative Leverage for the Greater Good.” The sentiments that sparked this philosophy are not new nor are they mine alone.
The earliest articulated that I know of are in the 1964 First things First Manifesto, where a group of designers wrote “… the greatest effort of those working in the advertising industry are wasted on trivial purposes, which contribute little or nothing to our national prosperity.” That a designer's role is better served in providing the public with bike maps or public awareness campaigns versus “hair restorer, striped toothpaste, or slimming diet pills.”
A designer's power is often underestimated. With power comes responsibility. Creative professionals could use this power to lend a hand in creating a better city or planet to live in. After all, designers have “the ability, through their work, to influence, mold opinion, persuade, change behavior initiate and spread visual trends, shape the aesthetic environment and help to inform the public.” (Rick Poynor, Power by Design)
Columbus can harness this power of design (or, according to Michael Bongiorno, become a City of Design.) Home to many creative professionals, the number of people employed in Central Ohio by creative businesses in the year 2000 was more than 18,000. (Creative Columbus Report) Yet despite these numbers, those with a dedicated career designing for positive social and environmental change seem few and far between. It's hard to say if this it out of a lack of interest or a lack of opportunity.
In Columbus, the largest employers of creatives are obvious, working for one of our major retailers or large ad agencies. Here, creatives make work for big pharma or food giants, like Coca-Cola. Is helping sell these products the best use of an artistic mind?
I must be careful here. It's not my place say that people who work at these corporations are bad people. Times are tough and a job is a job. Many of these talented folks are my friends and colleagues.
I have observed, though, that many of these designers don't seem to care or give thought to what they're selling or the messages they are promoting. And if they do, it is news to me. The conversation needs to happen more in Columbus.
Those in the creative profession must realize they are as much responsible for the products they promote as the businesses who make them. More consideration should be given to the negative effects ads or products have on the environment and local economies, as well as the social harm that comes with only promoting one type of body image to girls and young women. How can Columbus harness all this creative power to do good?
Pro–bono (or “free”) work for nonprofits is not the answer either. Often times I've noticed free comes with a cost; it's what we refer to as “faux bono.” Work that inevitably gets put off or not prioritized since it doesn't pay the bills– and in a competitive industry with layoffs and a poor economy, free work just doesn't pay. Yet at the same time, having an eye only on your bottom line is not sustainable in that big picture, big ideas kind of way.
According to the IDEO human-centered design toolkit, “…design practitioners, students and educators – can design better solutions for the greater good: for people instead of clients, for change instead of consumption.” Fulcrum Creatives is helping, in part, pioneer this effort in Columbus. This is an effort that has been started in other parts of the country as well.
Here is a list of some innovative programs, business models, thought leaders and nonprofits who, by finding ways to raise the perceived value of design, are leveraging creative power toward a greater social purpose:
Seesaw Squad, Columbus, OH: A program of Fulcrum Creatives and a 1492 Fund semi-finalist, this innovative internship program connects bright, talented students with nonprofits in need. It is launching out of The Mindshop at Columbus College of Art and Design Summer of 2012.
Serve Marketing, Milwaukee, WI: The country's only all-volunteer, nonprofit advertising agency, whose mission is to give under-served charitable causes a stronger voice in the community.
Camp Firebelly, Chicago IL: The next crop of socially-minded designers get the chance to use their talent and creativity to make a difference. For nine days, 10 campers live and work with Firebelly to craft a strategic design solution for a nonprofit client, from initial research to final implementation.
EPIC, Chicago, IL: Empowers creative people to make social change happen in Chicago. For their creative rallies —eight intense, fun weeks of collaboration— they pair hand-picked volunteers from the advertising and design industries with Chicago-based nonprofit clients dedicated to education, children and families.
The Living Principles for Design: Aim to guide purposeful action, celebrating and popularizing the efforts of those who use design thinking to create positive cultural change.
So what's my big idea for Columbus? It's more of a big vision. A vision of a utopian city where creative professionals and artists are employed to use their talents, skills and out-of-the-box thinking to solve social issues or create a greener city. A Columbus where creativity is valued as necessary way to make a culturally rich and lively place to live. Where we work hand in hand with city planners, nonprofit directors and business owners to make lasting change. Where investors recognize there is more than just the economy of money but there is a greater economy of community and culture. Where creative professionals are employed, to do good.
To learn more about Liz Samuelson, read their bio here.
To learn more about Fulcrum Creatives, visit www.fulcrumcreatives.com.
Related Articles: No related articles.
Tags:
This was a troubled year in video games. The difficulty started in March, when some of the organizers of the 2014 Game Developers Choice Awards received a bomb threat. The target, according to an anonymous e-mail, was Anita Sarkeesian, a feminist media critic who has been vocal about sexism and misogyny in video games, and who was due to receive an award for their work. The threat turned out to be bogus; Sarkeesian accepted their prize in safety and earned a standing ovation from many of the same game makers whose work they have spiritedly critiqued. But the threat foreshadowed further harassment later in the year, when Sarkeesian and some game developers—many of whom are women and create games that stray from conventional themes—were harangued online in a series of coördinated ad-hominem attacks.
That episode raised again the hoary question of whether video games have a hand in inspiring violence among those who play them. But, this time, the cliché was voiced not by conservatives, who have long assailed video games as a menace to the young, but by liberals, who see the assault on Sarkeesian and others as a reaction against increasingly progressive commentary around the medium and increasingly diverse themes within it. (The game at the epicenter of the controversy, for example, is a flawed but interesting examination of depression.)
Video games deal primarily in the language of combat: the victor is often the last man standing (indeed, this idiom is explicitly used in many games). No wonder, then, that some players view aggression as the natural response to a challenge, whether it's been issued by a virtual army or by a feminist critic. The surrounding conversation appears to have had an effect on the art itself. There seem to have been fewer overtly political or countercultural independent games in 2014 than in previous years, and perhaps fewer that challenge their audiences in existential ways rather than merely muscular ones.
The blockbusters didn't escape problems, either, though theirs were largely technical. As more major titles embrace online functionality, there has been an increase in launch issues related to server lag—one thinks of Sony's DriveClub and Activision's Destiny. Meanwhile, Assassin's Creed: Unity, a game that is set in Paris during the French Revolution, was plagued by so many glitches that its publisher, Ubisoft, had to issue an apology. (Spare a thought for the Ubisoft artist who reportedly spent five thousand hours building a scale replica of the cavernous cathedral of Notre-Dame, the game's centerpiece, only to have their work somewhat tragically undermined.) [#image: /photos/59096053c14b3c606c105be6]
There were jewels amid the dross, however, such as Never Alone, a straightforward game that is elevated by its attempt to preserve Inuit cultural heritage, and Elite: Dangerous, which seeks to make our galaxy not only observable but also available for exploration. Sega, one of the oldest publishers of video games, launched Alien: Isolation, a meticulous tribute to Ridley Scott's film, while Rockstar's 2014 update to the Grand Theft Auto series, which allows players to view the fictional city of Los Santos from a first-person perspective, has provided the most vivid and lifelike world yet seen in a game, an eager tribute to Los Angeles that blends the real and the imagined. Though Ralph Baer, the man who first reimagined the television set as a canvas for interactive entertainment, died just this month, parts of the industry that they helped create continue to grow and thrive. Here are the finest examples of the year.
Mario Kart 8 (Nintendo Wii U)
Gamers are familiar with the law of diminishing returns—more even than Hollywood's most sequel-ready film franchises, video games inspire iteration. Yet Nintendo's latest update to its twenty-two-year-old racing series is a revelation undiminished by familiarity. The additions to the template may be broadly inconsequential (TV-style race replays, tracks with sections that rise into the air and twirl, drivers' pigtails that flap in the wind), but the execution is unrivalled—the humorous animations, the high-contrast vistas, the nimiety of customization options. Video games have been this detailed before, but rarely to such unwaveringly joyous effect.
2. Dark Souls II (PC; PlayStation 3 and 4; Xbox One and 360)
The sequel to Hidetaka Miyazaki's dark fantasy classic provided video games with perhaps their most memorable locale of the year: Majula, a numinous cliff-top homestead, a place of refuge chiselled by a ceaseless virtual wind. The game has a unique rhythm, inviting players to quest into darkness with only the occasional bonfire as a way station, and the story unfolds not in tiresome reams of exposition but in snatches and fragments. A player's rate of progress is dictated as much by careful observation as by fighting skills. There is no hand-holding; neglect to talk to a particular character or explore some murky corridor and you may miss great swaths of this world.** **
3. Threes! (Android, iOS, Xbox One)
An elegant mobile-phone game that has been unscrupulously copied and resold by less imaginative developers, Threes! instructs its players simply to “Swipe to combine tiles.” (The directions seem to echo the nineteen-seventies Pong koan: “Avoid missing ball for high score.”) Each of the tiles bears a number that is a multiple of three, and like-numbered tiles can be combined into solitary ones, thereby freeing up space for more. Threes! is not a game of addition, however—the tiles could display any symbol and its rules would still work. Rather, it creates a Tetris-like environment in which you must work to eliminate your mistakes before they overcome you. For a game about clearing space on the screen, it does an admirable job of filling it in the day.
4. Desert Golfing (Android, iOS)
Don't be fooled by the early-eighties Atari aesthetic, with its geometric lines and two-tone landscapes. Desert Golfing offers a fresh experience, thanks to its removal of an elementary feature of most video games: the ability to try and try again. Here, among the forsaken dunes, you must guide a golf ball into an endless procession of holes, using a drag-and-release aiming mechanism that was popularized by Angry Birds. There is, however, no chance to replay a hole if you go over par. Rather, you must live with your bogeys and the rest and make the arduous side-scrolling journey toward hole five thousand and beyond, your tally accruing with each swing of the virtual club.
5. Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor (PC; PlayStation 3 and 4; Xbox One and 360)
One does not simply walk into Mordor; one skulks through it, terrorizing Uruks. This year's chapter in the ever-expanding “L.O.T.R.” saga makes use of a newly minted myth: the player is a phantom who is avenging the murder of their family. The story has all the bloat of the books from which it draws inspiration, but the underlying game is svelte. Mordor is something of a drag to look upon, like a rugby field at the end of a particularly wet season, but there's an undeniable appeal to roaming its dreary contours while you sew mayhem in Sauron's ranks. What truly elevates the game, however, is the enmity that forms dynamically between Sauron's commanders as you upset the balance of power—say, by creating drama between two captains who are both afraid of fire, or by setting a hive of bees on a portly war chief. Here is a rare example of a blockbuster game that accommodates its players' choices rather than forcing them to color within the scriptwriter's lines.
6. Luftrausers (Linux; Mac; PC; PlayStation 3 and Vita)
Following on Ridiculous Fishing, its success of 2013, the Dutch studio Vlambeer released an aerial-dogfighting game with a wide array of customizable weapons and fuselages. Want an aircraft that fires rockets and can propel itself underwater? Sure. Luftrausers encourages this kind of Heath Robinson invention via its hundred and twenty-five potential combinations of components. It's a game that casts you not only as a mechanic, though, but also as a daredevil pilot, one who loop-the-loops through a sunset-bruised sky, firing down their sights at whichever baron has streaked across their flight path. It is a game with all the twitchy eighties charm of the arcade, dressed in thirties style.** **
7. Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft (Android, iOS, Mac, PC)
Hearthstone is a one-on-one card game in which players take turns drawing cards from decks of their own selection. The cards, of which there are hundreds, have many effects, most of which damage one's opponent, and the aim is to assemble an optimal deck before each battle and then use it effectively during the skirmish. The result is a lean version of similar collectible-card games, generously free to play (new packs can be purchased as an add-on) and delivered with Blizzard's usual weight and quality. The matches are quick and exciting, liable to turn on a poor or a masterly decision.** **
8. Hohokum (PlayStation 3, 4, and Vita)
It's as if Nokia's Snake has been transported to a world of fever dreams, vivid scenes of cartoonish imagination through which you climb, swoop, and flit as a levitating serpent. Your interactions are limited—go fast, go slow, steer—but Hohokum's idiosyncratic delight derives from the madly inventive effects that your presence has within the world. As you move through its strange scenes (a rangy trumpeter playing jazz under buckshot stars, an Indian elephant with a caged orangutan on its back), you create trailing shapes with your tail, occasionally changing the state of the world with its touch. Figuring out exactly what you're supposed to do is just as beguiling as happening upon the solution.** **
9. 80 Days (iOS)
Loosely based on Jules Verne's “Around the World in Eighty Days,” this is a game about journey and class. You play Phileas Fogg's butler, Passepartout, and are responsible for their travel arrangements, deciding which cities to stop in and what means of transport to take. You must carry Fogg's luggage (indeed, you must decide what to pack in it), barter with drivers, and generally work to insure that the folly keeps to schedule and maintains a certain level of comfort. The game aligns its theme and its systems gracefully, offering a new view of a well-worn novel.
10. OlliOlli (Linux; Mac; PC; PlayStation 3, 4, and Vita)
Almost thirty years after Atari's engineers (they were yet to be called artists) laid down the principles of video gaming in the arcades, young designers continue to perfect their early work. Better than any game I've yet played, OlliOlli facilitates the skateboarder's talent for seeing lines and shapes in the environment as a kind of canvas. It tests reaction time and muscle memory but also encourages flow. High scores are won by chaining tricks and grinds together, by moving through a level in a smooth sequence before sticking the final landing. Fail at this and your points dissipate. Visually understated yet welcoming of stunts and showmanship, OlliOlli is an abstraction of a sport and also its distillation.
Year in review: New Yorker writers look back on 2014.
If you're a headhunter looking for someone to work in a group, you might want to stop chasing down the most intelligent candidates. Group intelligence depends less on how smart individuals are and more on their social sensitivity, ability to take turns speaking, and the number of women in the group.
So says Anita Woolley from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and colleagues, having measured group intelligence and the influences that individuals have on it.
To measure group intelligence, Woolley placed 699 people into teams of two to five and asked them to carry out simple tasks including brainstorming, moral reasoning, puzzle-solving, typing and negotiating.
The groups were evaluated on how well they did, and given an overall score for group intelligence.
Advertisement
Individual intelligence as measured by IQ tests relies on the premise that people who are good at one task are generally good at several, which suggests that an underlying “general intelligence” exists. Although somewhat controversial, such tests can be used to predict how well a person will do in more complex tests. Woolley's team found similar general intelligence in groups, and it was also a successful predictor of how well that group would perform at subsequent, more complex tasks.
No I in team
To find out who, or what, was making the largest contribution to a group's overall intelligence, Woolley then measured factors such as each individual's intelligence, personality, social sensitivity, group satisfaction and motivation using various psychometric tests.
Woolley says they were surprised to find that neither the average intelligence of the group members nor the intelligence of the smartest member played much of a role in the overall group intelligence. Social sensitivity – measured using a test in which participants had to identify another person's feelings by looking at photographs of their eyes – was by far the most important factor.
Girl power
The team also found that groups in which members took turns speaking were more collectively intelligent, as were groups containing a majority of women. Woolley thinks this may be because the women had higher levels of social sensitivity than the men.
“What it suggests is that if you don't know the social sensitivity of a group, it is a better bet to include females than not,” says Woolley.
“The paper extends previous research in showing that versatile high-impact teams aren't always driven by the highest or lowest-IQ member, but by team processes,” says Brian Uzzi from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. However, they say the finding on gender is surprising, because it goes against previous research showing that women in mixed-gendered groups often feel unheard.
Woolley says that selection processes used to form groups in the workplace may need to be re-evaluated, shifting the focus from individual intelligence to collaboration skills.
Journal reference: Science, DOI: 10.1126/science.1193147
April 19—The Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel (ISCAP), the highest declassification authority in the Executive Branch of the U.S. Government, housed at the National Archives, has declassified 29 new documents relating to the government's investigations into the 9/11 attacks, and they reveal new, damning details about the Saudi Royal Family's deep involvement in those September 11, 2001 attacks.
From the time of their first campaign for President in 2008, Obama has promised the families of the 9/11 victims that they will declassify the 28 pages from the Joint Congressional Inquiry, which detail the Saudi involvement in those heinous attacks. They have not only broken that promise. Obama has consistently protected the Saudis from justice over their role in 9/11 and is now openly showing their hand by pledging to veto the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), now before the Congress, just prior to their now ongoing visit to Saudi Arabia. The President has sold out the American people to their slavish loyalty to the Saudis and their British patrons. This is a crime that demands, at minimum, President Obama's immediate impeachment.
The 29 documents now declassified, contain work sheets, interview notes, and other documents from the 9/11 Commission, that make clear that the Federal investigators probing the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks had compiled massive amounts of evidence of direct involvement by agents of the Saudi Royal Family, the Saudi Ministry of Religious Affairs, and the Saudi Ministry of Defense and Aviation. They provide a backdrop to the suppressed 28-page chapter from the earlier Joint Congressional Inquiry, which merely summarized the volumes of evidence compiled—and covered up—about the direct Saudi government complicity in 9/11.
Perhaps the single most damning document, declassified last year, is a 47-page memorandum by Dana Leseman and Michael Jacobson, detailing all of the Saudi government officials who were implicated in the 9/11 attacks. Leseman was a Justice Department attorney and Jacobson was an FBI Special Agent. Both had served as key investigators for the Joint Congressional Inquiry, and had authored the 28-page chapter that Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama have suppressed. They went on to work for the 9/11 Commission, where their efforts to pursue the Saudi leads from their earlier work were stymied by Commission director Philip Zelikow. Leseman was ultimately fired by Zelikow for refusing to obey their orders to stop the probe of Saudi Royals' ties to 9/11.
The 47-page document identified a total of 21 confirmed and suspected Saudi government employees who abetted the San Diego hijackers cell during the year-and-a-half that they were in the United States preceeding the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. The document detailed all of their roles in supporting the two West Coast hijackers, Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mihdhar. It also called for a thorough investigation of the FBI, which had an informant in San Diego who housed the two 9/11 hijackers in their home for months before the attacks.
One of the central figures linking the Saudi regime to the 9/11 plotters was Omar al-Bayoumi, a Saudi intelligence agent who was the main financier of al-Hazmi and al-Mihdhar during their entire time in the United States. In addition to their no-show job, with a sizeable expense account from a Saudi Ministry of Defense and Aviation contractor, Dallah Aviation, al-Bayoumi earlier received $400,000 from the Saudi Ministry of Religious Affairs during the 1990s, ostensibly to build a mosque in the San Diego area. Investigators believed that those funds may have been used to build up terrorist cells in the area. These beliefs were buttressed by the fact that the San Diego mosque was run by Anwar Al-Awlaki, a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda, who was ultimately killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen—and who may also have been an FBI informant.
The evidence of deep Saudi involvement is almost matched in the 47-page document by evidence of FBI coverup of the 9/11 story. One segment of the recently declassified “Document 17” featured a series of questions about FBI stonewalling and coverup.
The document posed the following two questions:
1. Did the FBI intentionally withhold from the Joint Inquiry information about the informant's relationship with the hijackers and subsequently attempt to obstruct the Joint Inquiry's investigation of the matter? 2. If the FBI did withhold information and obstruct the Joint Inquiry's investigation, were the FBI's actions indicative of a larger pattern of FBI non-compliance with Congressional oversight? What changes would therefore be needed to ensure more effective Congressional oversight of the FBI?
A thorough review of all of the newly released documents is now underway. But sufficient evidence is already reviewed, proving the deep Saudi role in 9/11 and the ongoing coverup by President Obama and top officials of the FBI.
The evidence of President Obama's witting role in this coverup already meets and passes the Constitutional standards of “high crimes and misdemeanors” requiring impeachment proceedings. There are credible reports circulating in Washington that President Obama is using their current visit to Saudi Arabia to solicit funds from the Saudi Royals for their post-presidential library and career—perhaps in return for guarantees that the 9/11 story will be continued to be covered up at the top. Is there any justification for delaying one moment more the launching of those long-overdue impeachment proceedings?
[PDF version of this article]
Via: larouchepub.com
Read More:
https://www.savemysweden.com/0-obamas-record-as-commander-in-chief/
A regional police unit dedicated to chasing prolific offenders across municipal borders is collapsing, a major blow to co-ordinated crime fighting in Greater Victoria.
Saanich Police Department is pulling out of the Regional Crime Unit — withdrawing $621,000 in funding, three officers and one civilian staffer — at the end of the year. Losing the biggest partner leaves only West Shore and Sooke RCMP, which cannot run the unit alone.
article continues below
Saanich Mayor Frank Leonard said following the withdrawal of Victoria police in 2009, then Central Saanich, North Saanich and Sidney last year, the unit wasn't as effective as it used to be.
“So we were limping along with just ourselves and West Shore without those other members,” Leonard said. “The other municipalities having withdrawn, the unit isn't doing anywhere near what it used to. It did a really good job on prolific offenders, but as we lost participants, it had less value.”
The RCMP confirmed it has no plans to continue the unit following Saanich's withdrawal.
Island District commander Chief Supt. Ray Bernoties said in a statement: “The RCMP is proud of our contributions to the unit and the many successes the unit had. We remain committed to working collaboratively with our policing partners on shared crime reduction initiatives, inter-jurisdictional crimes and major crimes.”
Colwood Mayor Carol Hamilton said given the high-profile arrests the unit carried out, losing it is “a detriment to all of us.”
“It gave the opportunity for the intelligence [officers] to work collaboratively to narrow in on these guys quicker than each department can do independently,” Hamilton said.
They said they plan to meet with fellow West Shore mayors to discuss what to do next.
The Regional Crime Unit was set up in 2008, heralded as a way for police departments across Greater Victoria to track repeat offenders operating throughout the region and to prevent police agencies from working in silos. At one point, the unit had 15 officers who would do covert surveillance and intelligence gathering to track property criminals. In the past year, it dwindled to as few as six officers.
Saanich police Sgt. Steve Morgan, who heads the unit, said he's “really disappointed” by the decision to disband. “It's really a bummer because I've been really enjoying the type of work I've been doing and we have had some great files,” Morgan said. “I don't think there's anything I'm going to be able to do to change [the decision]. They know the good work we've been doing and they understand that.”
Saanich police will put extra resources into an enhanced street crime unit and are talking to Victoria police about setting up an integrated intelligence unit, Leonard said.
However, Victoria Police Chief Frank Elsner said the idea of an integrated intelligence unit is in its infancy. “We're open to having some discussion but the discussion hasn't even been had yet,” they said.
Since Victoria police pulled out of the Regional Crime Unit in 2009 — taking away four officers and $500,000 in funding — the force has set up its own crime reduction unit.
Former B.C. solicitor general Kash Heed said integration is a “failed policy” that fuels conflict rather than co-operation. “When you have so many different municipal forces and RCMP units within the capital region come together, you can see the personality conflicts that could occur because they are not accountable and responsible to one chief,” they said. “They're accountable and responsible to their own organizations ... trying to work within this chaotic environment of having so many bosses.”
Heed called the integrated model “a Band-Aid solution to a gaping wound.”
Former B.C. attorney general Wally Oppal, who led the Missing Women Commission of Inquiry, recommended regional police forces in Greater Victoria and Metro Vancouver. “It is such a common-sense proposition as far as I'm concerned, with all the different management structures and everything else,” they said. “If you need any further proof of the value of a regional police force, just read our report.”
Oppal concluded that a regional force likely would have caught serial killer Robert Pickton far sooner.
“I understand the dilemma of the provincial government in that they don't want to impose a system on the municipalities,” Oppal said. “But the municipalities have to look at it from a larger perspective and take a global interest in these things.”
Oppal acknowledged there have been advances in information-sharing since Pickton was allowed to roam free. “A lot of those problems have now been addressed,” they said. “But, having said that, there still isn't any one person at the top that's accountable for the co-ordination of all these in an efficient way. … Sooner or later you have to think about what's in the public interest.”
When asked about whether disbanding of the Regional Crime Unit points to flaws in the integrated policing model, B.C. Justice Minister Suzanne Anton said in a statement: “We are disappointed, but understand municipalities are under financial pressure.” They said the province will continue to work with local governments to consider “delivery models ranging from further integration to regional service delivery, while retaining local, community-focused policing.”
kderosa@timescolonist.com
lkines@timescolonist.com
Written By: Chad Berndtson
After “Cumberland Blues” kicked off a tasty afternoon set of the Terrapin Family Band with special guest Mike Gordon on bass and vocals, Phil Lesh paused to acknowledge the moment and also to apologize, telling a packed-beyond-packed bar at Terrapin Crossroads that they got started more than 30 minutes behind schedule because, well, they hadn't anticipated so many folks would show up.
“This is one of those times when…you just have to go with it,” their Philness said, to roaring approval.
It wasn't quite pandemonium at Terrapin Crossroads, but it definitely was packed – inevitable with Gordon as the announced guest at a nearly last minute, free show. A few Terrapin regulars mused that some of Phil's regular crew had considered moving the show into the more spacious Grate Room as it became apparent this would be no ordinary-sized Sunday afternoon crowd. But the assembled band stuck with the hootenanny-style bar setup, and delivered about an hour and 15 minutes of pleasantly middle-of-the-road Dead, with a sneak Phish tune – “555” – for the appreciative nods of the fans who knew it.
No one was at their best; Gordon, in particular, looked travel-weary, presumably just in from San Diego. But the music wasn't quite the point. Terrapin Crossroads is a place where this kind of stuff regularly happens – there is a reputation to uphold, and this was a laid-back, just-enjoy-it afternoon of the Dead and Phish worlds hanging out and shooting the breeze.
Gordon gamely sang a few – “Tennessee Jed” and “He's Gone” had their moments – and once they and Phil got used to a barroom ensemble with two meaty basses in the mix, they vibed off each other, all grins and sly musical jokes being passed back and forth. It was mostly standard fare; “Scarlet Begonias” promised some interesting jamspace before petering out and moving into “Bird Song” via you-can't-quite-call-it-a-segue, and all three supporting players – Grahame Lesh, Ross James and Alex Koford, were up to the task.
But again, comfort was the point, not exceptional musicality. It was a merely pleasant afternoon – and didn't need a thing more.
Setlist
Set: Cumberland Blues, Tennessee Jed, Ship of Fools, 555, Scarlet Begonias > Bird Song > He's Gone, Loose Lucy, U.S. Blues
Encore: Touch of Grey
Videos
[Touch Of Grey -Shot by Gabriel Jones]
[Scarlet Begonias -Shot by jshensa]
[U.S. Blues -Shot by jshensa]
Washington: The US Air Force said on Wednesday that 34 officers responsible for launching the nation's nuclear missiles had been suspended, and their security clearances revoked, for cheating on their monthly proficiency tests.
In a hastily arranged news conference, secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James said the officers either knew about or took part in the sharing of answers to a routine monthly proficiency test. Eleven officers have also been implicated in an investigation into illegal drugs, they said, three of them at nuclear command sites in North Dakota and Montana.
Scandal: Air Force chief of staff General Mark Welsh said the cheating was the most extensive they had seen among missile launch officers. Credit:AP
Some of the officers apparently texted each other the answers to the test on their knowledge of how to operate the missiles, the Associated Press reported. Others may have known about it but did not report it.
Although the Air Force has been plagued by scandals in recent years, the new revelations are especially worrisome because they involve the United States' nuclear arsenal and involve officers.
Fairfax Media understands of particular concern to the NRL are payments made to the club's former superstar Jarryd Hayne. A total of $52,000 was paid to Hayne despite the ex-skipper quitting the club last season in a bid to chase their NFL dream. The NRL's head of integrity, Nick Weeks, said that as a result of the Fairfax Media investigation, salary cap auditors would be looking into the allegations. "The salary cap is one of the main reasons we have the closest sporting competition in Australia," Weeks said. "We have already shown that we are prepared to take a hard line against breaches and these allegations will be investigated by the salary cap auditors. "If these allegations are confirmed then the NRL will take appropriate action to ensure the integrity of the competition." Sources told Fairfax Media that off-the-book payments, alleged to be worth over half a million dollars, were overseen by Roy Spagnolo during their tenure as chairperson.
Fairfax Media does not suggest any of the players knowingly breached the salary cap. The Eels already face the prospect of starting next season on minus four points for unrelated salary cap breaches, having been fined $525,000. The NRL and the Eels have been at loggerheads over who should conduct an independent review of the club's governance demanded by the league. The four-point penalty is suspended and conditional on the club carrying out the review to the league's satisfaction. Because this investigation is unrelated, the Eels could be dealt further penalties on top of the ones already imposed should the NRL find them guilty of again breaching the cap. The NRL requires that every third-party arrangement must be disclosed to them whether or not the payment is guaranteed or facilitated by a player's club. Players who accept third-party deals without the contract being lodged with the NRL run the risk of being short-changed should their relations with the club sour.
Meanwhile, Parramatta Council plans to debate next week the merits of providing what critics say could be interpreted as third-party sponsorship for the city's NRL team. It was suggested the council would consider paying $75,000 towards a first-grader and the word "ambassador" would make the possible use of rate-payers money towards an athlete making hundreds of thousands of dollars more palatable. The council has refuted there was any intention to discuss money at the meeting. However, a Parramatta insider described the possibility the council could pay money to the club an "insult" to the district's rate payers. Parramatta Councillor Pierre Esber spoke about the ambassador program with radio host Ray Hadley on 2GB on Friday morning and said the council would discuss the financial payment between the club and the council on Monday night but a spokesperson from Parramatta Council said they provided the wrong information. "You'd have to ask them how they got it wrong," the spokesperson said. The Eels have not made the finals since 2009, and finished with the wooden spoon in 2012 and 2013. They sit 11th on the premiership ladder and are unlikely to finish in the top eight this season.
- with Daniel Lane
Gareth Anscombe: Is believed to thanked colleagues and supporters ahead of a move to Wales
Chiefs playmaker Gareth Anscombe is poised to leave New Zealand to take up a contract in Wales with the Cardiff Blues.
Rumours that the 23-year-old would move to Wales, for whom they qualify for through their Cardiff-born mother, have been circulating since April.
The move now looks certain following reports that they had thanked colleagues and supporters at a Chiefs dinner in Hamilton ahead of their departure.
Anscombe, who can play both fly-half and full-back, is expected to join the Guinness Pro12 side - where they will link up with former Hurricanes coach Mark Hammett - once they have completed their commitments with the Chiefs.
Exiting
The defending Super Rugby champions will play the Brumbies in Saturday's Super Rugby playoff in Canberra.
The son of ex-Ulster boss Mark Anscombe, the player has already met with Wales coach Warren Gatland and reports have linked them a call-up into the national setup in time for the November Tests.
Watch this week's best tries from Super Rugby. Watch this week's best tries from Super Rugby.
Although they have signed with Auckland for the NPC, Anscombe is understood to have a get-out clause allowing them to go to Wales.
Anscombe will be the latest player to leave the Chiefs, with Mils Muliaina and Bundee Aki (both to Connacht), Asaeli Tikoirotuma (Harlequins), Tanerau Latimer (Toshiba in Japan) and Mahonri Schwalger (returning to Samoa) all exiting after the playoffs.
However, the Chiefs are hoping to convince Richard Kahui and Hosea Gear to join for the 2015 Super Rugby season.
Both players are currently plying their trade in Japan with Kahui at Toshiba Brave Lupus and Gear playing Honda Heat after they ended their stay at Toulouse early.
This Christmas you can get your hands on something really special. It's the RPS Bundle! Get all four editors of Rock, Paper, Shotgun for the price you want. They'll come and live in your house, shed, kennel, etc, and write poorly proofed posts about forthcoming and recently released indie bundle deals at your demand! Pay what you want for all four writers, bundled together for the very first time.
That's Jim Rossignol, Alec Meer, Adam Smith and John Walker, all entirely DRM free, at the price you want to pay. And if you pay more than the average, then we won't also send Kieron Gillen.
If you bought all four writers separately, it would cost around £4.20, but we are letting you set the price. All four work well with sandwiches, coffee and pudding, and only minimal sleep between posting about indie bundles.
You can support charity. Choose exactly how your purchase is divided: between the writers and the Horace Fund For Bereaving Children.
Please note that the initial release of the writers may lead to confusion and distress, so please be patient while they calm down and find a safe, dank corner.
Share
World-famous Decatur gardener and designer Ryan Gainey has died in a house fire at their second home in Lexington, Ga.
The fire occurred on the evening of July 29, officials in Oglethorpe County said. Their longtime friend Brooks Garcia confirmed Gainey, 72, had died in the fire after running into the home to rescue their Jack Russell terriers. The dogs did not survive, Garcia said.
Oglethorpe County EMA Director Douglas Spencer said, “I know there's an active investigation going on … There was a structure fire in Lexington. There was one fatality and the house was a complete loss.”
According to a press release from the Oglethorpe County Sheriff's Office, dispatchers received the call about the fire at around 8:30 p.m. A witness told a deputy that Gainey went inside the home with a garden hose and did not return.
Property records for the home, located at 357 East Church Street in Lexington, show the property belongs to Gainey, who owns a home on Emerson Avenue in Decatur.
Mary Pat Matheson, President and CEO of the Atlanta Botanical Garden, said Gainey's death is a “great loss.”
“It's a great loss for not only our community, but for our country because Ryan was so highly regarded as an esteemed designer and horticulturist,” they said.
Decatur Mayor Patti Garrett said the city was “saddened to learn” of Gainey's passing.
“He was renowned world-wide for their talents and garden designs and was a valued resident of Decatur who generously shared their garden with our community and with the community at large,” they said. “I visited their garden on a number of occasions and always came away inspired and restored.”
Gainey's Decatur home has been featured in the Decatur Garden Tour, not to mention numerous books and magazines, according to Gainey's website.
Film crews took over their home in 2011 to shoot the Disney movie “The Odd Life of Timothy Green.”
Earlier this year a giant tree fell on their home in Decatur.
According to their biography on their website, Gainey grew up in Hartsville, South Carolina and studied Ornamental Horticulture at Clemson University. They later received an honorary doctorate in letters from Coker College in Hartsville.
“Moving to Atlanta, they at last began to nurture their own piece of land, a two-acre garden in Decatur, Georgia which has been featured in every major gardening publication in the United States and abroad,” their biography says. “Visiting this paradise is a highlight each year for the thousands who partake of the Atlanta Botanical Garden's Gardens for Connoisseurs tour. Their garden has been a featured stop for 20 years.”
Matheson with the Atlanta Botanical Garden said, “The tour will forever remain as a legacy to their talent.”
Gainey also owned Ryan Gainey & Company and designed gardens all over the world. Notable projects include the Visitor's Center and garden at the South Carolina State Botanical Garden at Clemson University.
“Each garden is an individual vision based on classical design, and filled with the love of romance, informed with a connoisseur's vision, in tune with seasonal changes, and inspired by the myths, legends, and fantasies of garden history,” their website says.
Garcia said Gainey's death is a tremendous loss for the city of Decatur and the gardening world.
“He was just such a driving force in this city for so many years. … He's written books. He's been in TV,” Garcia said. “He's just one of those people who are ingrained in the community. It's a huge loss. It's a huge loss. It's completely unexpected, of course, and tragic.”
Julie Herron Carson, a spokesperson for the Wylde Center in Decatur, which focuses on environmental education, has known Gainey since their days working as the marketing director for the Atlanta Botanical Garden. They said Gainey, “was always so generous with their home and their garden and their talent.”
They often acted as an advisor for the Atlanta Botanical Garden and did design work for the Garden of Eden Ball, Carson said.
“He was this wonderful international resource that lived right in our community, and it's just a tremendous loss,” they said.
Associate Editor Dena Mellick contributed to this story.
If you've ever watched a poker match, you'll be familiar with the phrase "all in" — and holding the Lumia 920 in our hands, it feels like this is the message from Nokia. All in, everything we have, the best of our best. But is it enough?
Design
Nokia phones have always been easy for us to spot. The Finnish phone company, which was once king, has a knack for designing iconic handsets; phones that are easily recognised as Nokias from across a room. This is true for the Lumia 920, which looks a lot like the Lumia 900, which in turn looked like the Lumia 800 and the N9 before it.
Quick Specs Screen : 4.5-inch
: 4.5-inch Processor : dual-core 1.5GHz
: dual-core 1.5GHz RAM : 1GB
: 1GB Platform : Windows Phone 8
: Windows Phone 8 Storage : 32GB
: 32GB Connectivity: 4G, Wi-Fi, GPS, NFC, Bluetooth, Qi wireless charging
The big difference here is that Nokia has opted for a glossy, smooth plastic finish for its polycarbonate chassis, rather than the rubber-like soft-touch finish we saw on the earlier models. For us, this is a minor misstep. The glossy finish looks great, but it feels really slippery, and although we haven't dropped our review unit, we wouldn't be surprised to hear many stories of dropped or smashed Lumias after launch.
It's also quite a heavy handset. At 185 grams, it is about 50 per cent heavier than the Samsung Galaxy S3 and the iPhone 5, and you can definitely feel this weight when you hold it. But then, this might just be the price you pay for the outstanding, sturdy build quality, which includes a sapphire coating on all of the external buttons and the frame around the camera lens.
The real showstopper is the phone's 4.5-inch IPS LCD screen, which uses a display technology that Nokia is calling PureMotion HD+. This screen is a gem, with great colours, great off-axis viewing angles and sharp, crisp text and images, thanks to its 330 pixels per inch (ppi) resolution. It also does a great job of showing deep, rich blacks, so much so that it is difficult to tell where the screen ends and the glossy plastic bezel around the screen begins.
The rest of the phone's design is pretty standard. There is a headphone socket on the top of the phone, a micro-USB port on the base and three buttons down the side, covering volume control, power standby and the camera. There is a slot on the top for a micro SIM, but no microSD card-reader ports.
Windows Phone 8
A great phone design will mean very little if the software below the surface is poorly put together. The Lumia 920 has the honour of being the unofficial Windows Phone 8 flagship, the phone that most people will associate with the relaunch of the Microsoft mobile OS.
In many ways, Windows Phone 8 is a lot like Windows Phone 7. There have been major changes below the surface, namely around the kernel architecture that Windows Phone 8 has been built on, but on the surface it looks and feels like previous versions of the OS. The home screen is still a vertical list of Live Tiles parallel to a similar vertical list of all installed applications. The core features, like the People Hub, the Store, Xbox Games, email and the calendar, are all basically the same.
In some ways, this is a good thing. Windows Phone is one of the easiest systems to learn how to use, so it is perfect for people who are unfamiliar with smartphones. There are a few new elements, too, like a new Xbox Music app to replace Zune Music and Videos, and a Wallet app to digitally collate all of the rewards cards in your real-world wallet. There is a Kids Zone feature now, too, which lets you create a restricted playground of apps and tools, so that your kids can play with your phone without there being a risk that they will send garbled emails to your work colleagues. There's also a new Rooms section in People Hub that lets you create a collaborative messaging area for a selection of contacts, and internet sharing over Wi-Fi is now a standard feature.
To access Kid's Corner, you swipe the lock screen from right to left. Inside, only the apps you pre-select are available.
(Screenshot by CBSi)
Perhaps the most important improvement for us is the quality of the web browser. Surfing the web on Windows Phone 7 devices was a tedious chore, where web pages would load slowly and render poorly, if they loaded at all. Now, the browser is based on the same backbone as the Internet Explorer 10 browser in Windows 8 for PCs, so it is far more reliable and much faster.
However, there are a number of frustrations that are still present in Windows Phone 8. For starters, you still can't change the volume for specific tasks, like turning down the volume on a video or games without affecting the ringtone volume for calls and notifications. Also, changing the status of wireless connections, like Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, means that you have to dig around in the settings every time you want to make an adjustment. Luckily, there are apps to help with this second gripe. Perhaps the most annoying oversight is that large downloads can't continue as background tasks for some apps. In Nokia Maps, for example, you have the ability to download map packs for all of Australia in a single 250-megabyte file, but you will have to sit with this download and make sure the screen doesn't time out, or else the download will automatically pause.
Overall, the feeling we are left with after using Windows Phone 8 is that it is a reliable and impressively fast system. There are dozens of apps that we would love to see available, like Dropbox, Flipboard, Instagram and Spotify, but it seems unfair to judge a system too harshly for the decisions made by third parties.
Camera
If you've heard anything about the Lumia 920, it's probably about the new features that Nokia has built in to this impressive shooter — and about the company faking the use of these features in its advertising. Marketing meltdowns aside, this is one truly fantastic smartphone camera; among the best, if not the best, camera we've seen packed into a phone.
Central to this camera's success is a new optical image-stabilisation mechanic, which has the lens "floating" on tiny springs that move the lens ever so slightly to counteract the shaking in the photographer's hands. The results speak for themselves, with 90 per cent or more of the photos we've taken turning out in sharp focus. This is truly a huge step forward for mobile photography.
Photographed by Chip Simons Rick Sikorski made their big bucks in personal fitness.
When you think “millionaire,” what image comes to mind? For many of us, it's a flashy Wall Street banker type who flies a private jet, collects cars and lives the kind of decadent lifestyle that would make Donald Trump proud.
But many modern millionaires live in middle-class neighborhoods, work full-time and shop in discount stores like the rest of us. What motivates them isn't material possessions but the choices that money can bring: “For the rich, it's not about getting more stuff. It's about having the freedom to make almost any decision you want,” says T. Harv Eker, author of Secrets of the Millionaire Mind. Wealth means you can send your child to any school or quit a job you don't like.
According to the Spectrem Wealth Study, an annual survey of America's wealthy, there are more people living the good life than ever before—the number of millionaires nearly doubled in the last decade. And the rich are getting richer. To make it onto the Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans, a mere billionaire no longer makes the cut. This year you needed a net worth of at least $1.3 billion.
If more people are getting richer than ever, why shouldn't you be one of them? Here, five people who have at least a million dollars in liquid assets share the secrets that helped them get there.
1. Set your sights on where you're going
Twenty years ago, Jeff Harris hardly seemed on the road to wealth. They were a college dropout who struggled to support their wife, DeAnn, and three kids, working as a grocery store clerk and at a junkyard where they melted scrap metal alongside convicts. “At times we were so broke that we washed our clothes in the bathtub because we couldn't afford the Laundromat.” Now he's a 49-year-old investment advisor and multimillionaire in York, South Carolina.
There was one big reason Jeff pulled ahead of the pack: They always knew he'd be rich. The reality is that 80 percent of Americans worth at least $5 million grew up in middle-class or lesser households, just like Jeff.
Wanting to be wealthy is a crucial first step. Says Eker, “The biggest obstacle to wealth is fear. People are afraid to think big, but if you think small, you'll only achieve small things.”
It all started for Jeff when they met a stockbroker at a Christmas party. “Talking to him, it felt like discovering fire,” they say. “I started reading books about investing during my breaks at the grocery store, and I began putting $25 a month in a mutual fund.” Next they taught a class at a local community college on investing. Their students became their first clients, which led to their investment practice. “There were lots of struggles,” says Jeff, “but what got me through it was believing with all my heart that I would succeed.”
2. Educate yourself
When Steve Maxwell graduated from college, they had an engineering degree and a high-tech job—but they couldn't balance their checkbook. “I took one finance class in college but dropped it to go on a ski trip,” says the 45-year-old father of three, who lives in Windsor, Colorado. “I actually had to go to my bank and ask them to teach me how to read my statement.”
One of the biggest obstacles to making money is not understanding it: Thousands of us avoid investing because we just don't get it. But to make money, you must be financially literate. “It bothered me that I didn't understand this stuff,” says Steve, “so I read books and magazines about money management and investing, and I asked every financial whiz I knew to explain things to me.”
They and their wife started applying the lessons: They made a point to live below their means. They never bought on impulse, always negotiated better deals (on their cars, cable bills, furniture) and stayed in their home long after they could afford a more expensive one. They also put 20 percent of their annual salary into investments.
Within ten years, they were millionaires, and people were coming to Steve for advice. “Someone would say, ‘I need to refinance my house—what should I do?' A lot of times, I wouldn't know the answer, but I'd go find it and learn something in the process,” they say.
In 2003, Steve quit their job to become part owner of a company that holds personal finance seminars for employees of corporations like Wal-Mart. They also started going to real estate investment seminars, and it's paid off: They now own $30 million worth of investment properties, including apartment complexes, a shopping mall and a quarry.
“I was an engineer who never thought this life was possible, but all it truly takes is a little self-education,” says Steve. “You can do anything once you understand the basics.”
3. Passion pays off
In 1995, Jill Blashack Strahan and their husband were barely making ends meet. Like so many of us, Jill was eager to discover their purpose, so they splurged on a session with a life coach. “When I told them my goal was to make $30,000 a year, they said I was setting the bar too low. I needed to focus on my passion, not on the paycheck.”
Jill, who lives with their son in Alexandria, Minnesota, owned a gift basket company and earned just $15,000 a year. They noticed when they let potential buyers taste the food items, the baskets sold like crazy. Jill thought, Why not sell the food directly to customers in a fun setting?
With $6,000 in savings, a bank loan and a friend's investment, Jill started packaging gourmet foods in a backyard shed and selling them at taste-testing parties. It wasn't easy. “I remember sitting outside one day, thinking we were three months behind on our house payment, I had two employees I couldn't pay, and I ought to get a real job. But then I thought, No, this is your dream. Recommit and get to work.”
They stuck with it, even after their husband died three years later. “I live by the law of abundance, meaning that even when there are challenges in life, I look for the win-win,” they say.
The positive attitude worked: Jill's backyard company, Tastefully Simple, is now a direct-sales business, with $120 million in sales last year. And Jill was named one of the top 25 female business owners in North America by Fast Company magazine.
According to research by Thomas J. Stanley, author of The Millionaire Mind, over 80 percent of millionaires say they never would have been successful if their vocation wasn't something they cared about.
Typing on the iPhone is like squeezing sausages into a soda can – you can get it to work, but it's not pretty. BlindType is changing that. The startup has created a new touchscreen keyboard program of the same name that changes size, orientation, and position to match your wandering fingers as they type. BlindType also features some of the most impressive typing correction software I've ever seen. The result is a practical touchscreen interface that knows what you meant to type, even if you make mistakes. Lots of them. In fact, you can type without looking at the screen at all! It's amazing, and I got to see it in person when I visited with BlindType creators Kostas Eleftheriou and Panos Petropoulos in San Francisco. Check out their demonstration video below. It's hard to believe that they developed this software in less than one year.
Because BlindType is still under development Kostas and Panos would only let me take still shots of the program. Yet as you can see in their public demo video, BlindType lets the user be sloppy. When I tried the program on an iPad I could relax about mistakes. Not in spelling, but in the actual way I actually tried to hit keys on the touchscreen keyboard. Do you have fat fingers like me? Not a problem. Do your hands migrate slowly as you type? It can handle that too. Hold your iPad to one side, type in progressively larger or smaller movements, even ditch the keyboard altogether. BlindType can deal with it all. Just watch and learn:
If you found the above demonstration for BlindType impressive, you're not alone. The video received more than 300,000 hits in its first week. Those are great numbers for a tech demo from a startup on YouTube. Kostas and Panos were so impressed with the positive response they even created a follow up thank you video:
Why all the hullabaloo? BlindType is easing one of the biggest fears people have about touchscreen interfaces: they don't trust a keyboard without feedback. BlindType doesn't let you feel the letters but it does give you a lot of confidence in your typing. Kostas and Panos wanted a system that assumed the typist knew what they were doing. If you type one letter on the right, another on the left, and you don't directly hit the keys, BlindType tries to figure out what you meant to hit. Sometimes it can surprise you. Kostas and Panos dared me to see how poorly I could type and still have the right word appear. I typed without really looking at the keyboard and entered something like “ubvunvryjankt”. BlindType knew I meant “inconceivable”. I was amazed. Kostas and Panos laughed, they get that all the time.
That's when I really felt challenged and I tried my absolute damnedest to defeat BlindType. I'm glad I did. I learned how robust the system is. We turned off the keyboard. It didn't appear on the iPad screen at all. I typed in different directions, different speeds, and randomly changed the space I put between the letters I was trying to type. BlindType handled it all with relative ease. When I entered in new words the program didn't know (like my last name), a little menu popped up letting me store them in a custom dictionary with just one touch. Easy.
Of course it's not perfect. As Kostas and Panos helped me see, the program has limitations. BlindType is a typing correcter, not a spelling correcter. If you mistype a word by adding or subtracting a lot of letters, it doesn't work well. It comes with a spell-checker/auto-correction feature (or it will) but don't expect it to perform wonders on both typing and spelling simultaneously. It's good, but there's only so much decoding that's mathematically possible.
There's also limitations on the physical side of things. You have the choice of leaving the spacebar enabled or disabled. If you enable it, then there's a fixed point on an otherwise unfixed keyboard. That means you have to actually hit the spacebar button where it's supposed to be – that's not always easy if you're typing sloppily. If you disable the spacebar then spaces are inputed by swiping left to right. That's a reasonable adaptation to ask of a user, but it takes a little getting used to.
And Kostas and Panos are still working out how to get the program to differentiate between very fast typing and swiping. So if you type as fast as you possibly can sometimes the program thinks that two letters next to each other was actually you trying to make a swiping motion. Same with resting your fingers on the touchscreen – right now the program thinks you are trying to make a long swipe. Panos said they could solve that pretty easily in the future.
More limitations? Sure: if you have to swipe left to right, then as you rotate the phone (or iPad) you have to be careful about what direction it considers left to right. There's a little arrow to help you keep track of this, and the program reorientates itself after every new word, but you can, if you're nasty, confuse BlindType by typing things upside down or backwards (I told you I felt challenged). Most users aren't going to intentionally try to cause a failure though, so this is a very minor limitation.
All in all, I was simply blown away by how BlindType transformed me from a timid typist into a bold keyboard-challenging beast. I was so confident in the program's skills (in just a few minutes of using it!) that I was typing super sloppy and expecting the best. And I got it the vast majority of the time.
With the product being so sound, I was naturally interested in how it worked, and how they developed it. That's when Kostas and Panos got very tight-lipped. They've received so much attention, from apparently some big name people, that they can't discuss anything. They won't even generally describe how BlindType approaches the problem. I guessed it was analyzing the relative position between finger taps and they just gave me their best poker faces. No revelations at all. Kostas did allude to the fact that this is an AI project…but not much was said beyond that.
And BlindType is a small company, so there's little chance that the secrets will leak out. In fact, BlindType really just has two employees: Kostas and Panos – cousins from Greece. Though they've had help with testing and such, the two of them essentially developed this program on their own. That floored me. How long did it take them to create it? A few months! Though Panos admitted they have been thinking about it “for about a year.”
Just as they are reluctant to discuss the specifics of BlindType's inner workings, Kostas and Panos are not giving details about their funding or ongoing agreements with manufacturers. Will it be installed on the manufacturing side or the consumer side (like an App)? No comment. If it is consumer-side, will it be free, $1, or $25? No comment. The only real answer I got from them is when I asked them if they had enough money to fund the rest of the program's development. They gave me enigmatic smiles and said, “oh, we've got no worries.”
Clearly they think BlindType is going to be big. Will it succeed? Well, users are attracted to the promise of a better system, that much is clear. Touchscreen keyboards and predictive text algorithms are also a big business. Currently there are hundreds of millions of touchscreen devices sold each year and those numbers only look to rise as slate computers like the iPad gain ground. Nearly every single one of these machines needs a virtual keyboard and associated auto-correction software. When I asked Kostas and Panos which devices they were looking to port BlindType to, they simply said “all of them.” Or at least as many as they could. Their goal, which is also stated on their website, “is to become the largest player in the industry.” The potential rewards of that industry are large. Back in 1999, the T9 predictive type software sold for $350 million in stock to AOL, though it was sold again in 2007 for just $269 M.
In the short term, BlindType is going to focus on mobile touchscreens. The program runs on iPad and iPhone and will be running on Android phones soon. That's millions of units right there. But Kostas and Panos talked about it eventually being used on all kinds of touchscreens, from new PC desktops to street kiosks. And what about phones with little plastic keyboards like the Blackberry? BlindType could easily be adapted to improve accuracy there too. In fact, chances are that BlindType could be used in just about every keyboard (virtual or physical) there is. Think about that. This is a huge product.
It's probably coming to you soon. While they won't reveal specifics about product launch, Kostas and Panos said that beta testing will happen soon. Working with the product as I did, it seemed really close to ready. Kostas said that it takes about 150 milliseconds for BlindType to process each word, and the industry standard is 200 ms, so that's a good sign this product is good to go. As BlindType makes more announcements about it's progress, we'll keep you up to date.
And what does all of this have to do with the Singularity and accelerating technology? Artificial intelligence is analyzing flawed human output and predicting what the person ‘really meant'. There's a lot of potential there. BlindType is a narrow application, but as AI gets better at interpreting human input, it will let us use machines more naturally. Right now we're worried about virtual keyboards, but think about brain computer interfaces. Computers won't just have to decode sloppy typing, they'll have to decode sloppy thoughts. Programs like BlindType are only the beginning. As machines and humans become more interconnected, we'll need more ingenious ways of building confidence in those connections. Kostas and Panos may have solved virtual keyboard problems in a few months. Let's hope our future user interfaces will be able to be improved as quickly.
[image credits: Aaron Saenz/Singularity Hub]
[source: BlindType]
national
An Uber driver allegedly threatened a woman passenger over the phone after they gave them a one-star rating on the app; badgered them with calls to change their review
Namrata Rungta
With barely a day having gone by since mid-day reported how an Ola driver had flashed a woman passenger right in the car, it seems the other cab aggregator - Uber - has now found itself a similar spot - in this case the driver allegedly threatened a woman passenger over the phone after they gave them a one-star rating on the app.
Late Lateef's drama
The incident occurred on Wednesday around 6.30 pm in Goregaon. "I had called for an Uber... I was picked up from near Oberoi Mall, with the driver already having reached late. And I was in a hurry as I had a meeting to get to in Andheri West," said Namrata G Rungta, 52, a Goregaon East resident who works as a project and supervising producer for a TV/web series.
Also read - Mumbai crime: Ola driver flashes in front of woman passenger in Shivaji Park
According to Rungta, the cab hadn't even started when they got a receipt from Uber that said their trip had been completed and they had been charged Rs 48 for it.
The driver, identified as Laxman Rajaram Malarapu, then allegedly told them that they knew the area they were going to in Andheri well and that they would take them there but they would have to pay them in cash.
Also read: Ola washes hands off accident caused by their driver that hospitalised two
"I agreed as I was getting late. Then, they called the Uber helpline and told them that their car had a flat, and hence, their current trip would have to be cancelled. They again stopped the car and said they needed to check if the cancelled trip had been registered with Uber or not. Basically, they wanted money for the cancelled trip as well as cash from me," they said.
Malarapu also told Rungta that they would not get a bill for their trip. They got off and took an auto rickshaw. "Within minutes, they came chasing after my rickshaw, telling me that my trip had been activated. I ignored them and told the auto driver to keep moving."
Threat calls
When Rungta reached their destination, they allegedly got a call from Malarapu. "He asked me why I had given them a bad rating, but I hadn't given them any rating then; so, I hung up," they said, adding that they kept badgering them with calls.
"Finally, I got fed up and gave them a one-star review on the app."
After that, Malarapu called them "He told me that they knew where I lived and would come with 10 drivers to my house to apologise. They kept asking me to change my review. I was trembling; I didn't know what was happening. All I could do was put up a brave front," said Rungta.
Also read: US Uber driver charged for raping unconscious female passenger
They have written a complaint to Uber, questioning why the cab aggregator has a review system if drivers are going to call and threaten customers for writing a bad review.
"Uber got in touch with me around 4 pm on Thursday and asked me to send screenshots from the exchange. They told me that they had not yet suspended the driver's account.
"Cab aggregators should register all their drivers with the police; only then will the drivers stop misbehaving," they added.
Cab driver replies
When mid-day got in touch with Malarapu, they said: "I have not threatened them After starting the trip, my mobile fell and the end trip button got hit by accident. I told them that I would drop them to the location. Also, I just wanted to check if my accidentally-cancelled trip had been registered. But by the time I called my office to tell them what had happened, they started telling me that they would complain about me. After I returned home, I felt bad about the incident; so I called them and requested them to take back their complaint. My Uber account has been suspended and my ID has been disqualified."
You may also like - Mumbai: 11 cases of molestation on local trains
Sen­ate Minor­ity Lead­er Chuck Schu­mer is lead­ing the last line of de­fense for Demo­crats look­ing to block Pres­id­ent-elect Don­ald Trump's agenda. But even if Schu­mer achieves their goals, it will be be­lea­guered House Minor­ity Lead­er Nancy Pelosi who stands to reap the be­ne­fits of any Re­pub­lic­an dis­ar­ray.
That's be­cause House Demo­crats are in much bet­ter po­s­i­tion to re­cap­ture the ma­jor­ity in two years than their Sen­ate coun­ter­parts. If Trump struggles in of­fice and Demo­crats be­ne­fit as the op­pos­i­tion party, their odds of win­ning a Sen­ate ma­jor­ity would still be nearly im­possible. A mere eight Sen­ate Re­pub­lic­ans are fa­cing reelec­tion in 2018, and six of them are run­ning in the most con­ser­vat­ive states in the coun­try. Sen­ate Demo­crats need to pick up three seats to re­take the ma­jor­ity, which would re­quire de­fend­ing all 11 of their vul­ner­able mem­bers while de­feat­ing someone like Ted Cruz in Texas or Bob Cork­er in Ten­ness­ee. Don't bet on it.
But if an anti-Trump wave hits the coun­try, House Demo­crats would be well-po­si­tioned to take ad­vant­age—if they re­cruit ef­fect­ively and of­fer a more mod­er­ate im­age than they've presen­ted in re­cent years. They need to pick up 24 seats to re­gain the ma­jor­ity, around the same num­ber of Re­pub­lic­ans who are rep­res­ent­ing con­gres­sion­al seats that Clin­ton car­ried. (Cook Polit­ic­al Re­port House ana­lyst Dav­id Wasser­man said the fi­nal tally of split-tick­et Re­pub­lic­an dis­tricts will be between 20 and 23.) To win back the House, Demo­crats would merely need to flip the pleth­ora of com­pet­it­ive sub­urb­an seats where House Re­pub­lic­ans ran well ahead of Trump to win reelec­tion. With Trump in of­fice and rebrand­ing the Re­pub­lic­an Party, these mem­bers will find it more dif­fi­cult to dis­tin­guish them­selves from the ad­min­is­tra­tion.
Demo­crats, however, are learn­ing all the wrong les­sons from the elec­tion res­ults. They just reelec­ted Pelosi as their lead­er even though she's one of the party's most un­pop­u­lar fig­ures—and has served as a mas­cot to rally Re­pub­lic­an voters over the last six years. In­stead of treat­ing the House like a win­nable goal, they're com­plain­ing about ger­ry­mandered dis­tricts and fo­cus­ing more on the 2022 elec­tions (the first elec­tion, post-re­dis­trict­ing) than the pro­spect of win­ning a ma­jor­ity in two years. They're lean­ing more on Bernie Sanders and Eliza­beth War­ren for their mes­saging, even though the sen­at­ors' so­cial­ist rhet­or­ic is tox­ic in the very dis­tricts that House Demo­crats need to flip.
Demo­crats are act­ing as if the House isn't even win­nable in two years. Pelosi brought back the same chair­man, Rep. Ben Ray Lu­jan, who led House Demo­crats to one of the most dis­ap­point­ing elec­tions in memory. They failed to re­cruit cred­ible can­did­ates in sub­urb­an dis­tricts that Clin­ton car­ried, and re­lied on a failed strategy that con­nec­ted House Re­pub­lic­ans to Trump in­stead of ar­tic­u­lat­ing a pos­it­ive agenda.
The res­ults speak volumes: Across the coun­try, House Re­pub­lic­ans ran sig­ni­fic­antly ahead of Trump even in areas where they col­lapsed. Rep. Erik Paulsen of Min­nesota out­dis­tanced Trump by 16 points in a wealthy Twin Cit­ies dis­trict des­pite fa­cing one of the Demo­crats' top re­cruits. Rep. Bar­bara Com­stock of Vir­gin­ia ran 11 points ahead of Trump even as Demo­crats aired mil­lions in at­tack ads por­tray­ing them as a Trump lackey.
Mean­while, Demo­crats have been so ob­sessed with dis­trict lines be­ing their biggest obstacle to vic­tory that they've neg­lected to real­ize their mes­sage is badly out of sync with the very voters they need to win. Pres­id­ent Obama's big pro­ject after leav­ing of­fice is pro­mot­ing re­dis­trict­ing re­form to re­duce the num­ber of Re­pub­lic­an seats. That's a worth­while goal, but it subtly sends a mes­sage that the House isn't even win­nable un­til such ef­forts are suc­cess­ful. In real­ity, lib­er­al Demo­crats like to blame ger­ry­man­der­ing for their House woes be­cause they don't want to mod­er­ate their mes­sage to win dis­tricts that are slightly right of cen­ter. It's easy to for­get that Re­pub­lic­ans picked up 63 House seats in 2010 — their largest gain since 1938 — when the old Con­gres­sion­al lines were still in place.
One of the over­looked dy­nam­ics in the elec­tion is how much ground Hil­lary Clin­ton gained in sub­urb­an dis­tricts, ter­rit­ory that was re­cently com­fort­ably Re­pub­lic­an, even as they lost ground in the work­ing-class areas across the coun­try. There are plenty of House Re­pub­lic­ans rep­res­ent­ing these af­flu­ent areas and, against all ex­pect­a­tions, they were re­mark­ably ef­fect­ive at win­ning sup­port des­pite the Trump head­winds in their dis­tricts. If Trump gov­erns as they cam­paigned, with pop­u­list rhet­or­ic that of­fends sub­urb­an sens­ib­il­it­ies, they could be fa­cing a gale.
These sub­urb­an areas, which are fisc­ally con­ser­vat­ive and so­cially mod­er­ate, tra­di­tion­ally tilt Re­pub­lic­an. They sup­port im­mig­ra­tion re­form and cham­pi­on di­versity, but are re­pelled by the class war­fare and iden­tity polit­ics that have be­come a staple of the Demo­crat­ic party's base. Clin­ton's mes­saging about Amer­ic­an ex­cep­tion­al­ism helped win them some of these voters des­pite their con­sid­er­able per­son­al bag­gage. If the di­ver­si­fy­ing sub­urbs are the party's fu­ture, it's in the Demo­crat­ic Party's in­terest to ad­opt a plat­form that's friend­li­er to busi­ness and more con­cerned with na­tion­al se­cur­ity.
But don't bet on hap­pen­ing any­time soon. Demo­crats are para­lyzed by a base that res­ists ideo­lo­gic­al mod­er­a­tion. The party's path back to a Con­gres­sion­al ma­jor­ity runs through the sub­urbs, but Demo­crats are dis­trac­ted by their shel­lack­ing with work­ing-class whites.
Pelosi, mean­while, may be stick­ing around Con­gress be­cause they see the path back to power. The prob­lem: Them pres­ence makes it harder for Demo­crats to reach the prom­ised land.
More than 10,000 people converged in Washington, DC, this past week to discuss, organise, mobilise and protest around the issue of climate change. While tax day Tea Party gatherings of a few hundred scattered around the country made the news, this massive gathering, Power Shift 2011, was largely ignored by the media. They met the week before Earth Day, around the first anniversary of the BP oil rig explosion and the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster, while the Fukushima nuclear plant still spews radioactivity into the environment. Against such a calamitous backdrop, this renewed movement's power and passion ensure that it won't be ignored for long.
Rallying those attending to the work ahead, environmentalist, author and founder of 350.org Bill McKibben said:
"This city is as polluted as Beijing. But instead of coal smoke, it's polluted by money. Money warps our political life, it obscures our vision […] We know now what we need to do, and the first thing we need to do is build a movement. We will never have as much money as the oil companies, so we need a different currency to work in, we need bodies, we need creativity, we need spirit."
The organisers of Power Shift describe it as an intensive boot camp, training a new generation of activists to go back to their communities and build the movement that McKibben called for. Three areas are targeted by the organisers: Catalysing the Clean Energy Economy, Campus Climate Challenge 2.0 and Beyond Dirty Energy. The campaigns cross major sectors of US society. The move for a clean energy economy has been embraced by the AFL-CIO, seeing the potential for employment in construction of wind turbines, installation of solar panels and, one of the potentially greenest and oft-ignored sectors, retrofitting of existing buildings with energy efficiencies like better insulation and weatherproofing.
On Monday 18 April, tax day in the US, thousands held a "Make Big Polluters Pay" rally, targeting the fossil fuel and non-renewable energy industries. The demonstrators gathered in Lafayette Park, a traditional protest square wedged between the White House and the US Chamber of Commerce. As Bill McKibben said, the Chamber "spends more money lobbying than the next five lobbies combined …"
"It spent more money on politics last year than the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee combined, and 94% of that went to climate deniers."
The protests also targeted BP's offices, just after the BP shareholders' meeting was held last week in London. There, security officers blocked the entrance of a delegation of four fishermen and women from the Louisiana and Texas Gulf Coast areas heavily damaged by last year's oil spill. Diane Wilson, a fourth-generation fisherwoman, was arrested for disturbing the peace. They said:
"That was pretty outrageous. They had disrupted our lives down there. But just appearing at the door of a BP general assembly, and we're disrupting the peace."
Many of those gathered at Power Shift 2011 were not yet born when the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl nuclear disasters happened. These young people, seeking sustainable, renewable futures, are now learning about what President Barack Obama calls the "nuclear renaissance". The Fukushima nuclear crisis has escalated in severity to the top rating of seven, on par with Chernobyl. Best estimates are that the radiation leaks will persist for months, with ongoing impacts on health and the environment impossible to forecast.
Will Obama proceed to deliver $80bn in loan guarantees to build more nuclear power plants in the United States? They claim he's against tax cuts for the rich, but what about public subsidies for oil, gas, coal and nuclear, among the richest industries on earth?
We recently built new studios from which to broadcast the Democracy Now! news hour on public television and radio around the United States. Ours is the greenest TV/radio/internet broadcast facility in the nation, receiving the top rating, LEED Platinum (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design), from the US Green Building Council. The medium is the message. We all need to do our part in pursuit of sustainability.
• Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column.
© 2011 Amy Goodman; distributed by King Features Syndicate
On Monday, New York City's Fox affiliate ran a segment about the record-breaking sale of Pablo Picasso's Les Femmes d'Alger (version O), a modern masterpiece that was auctioned off for $179.35 million (including the commission paid to Christie's). Like many of Picasso's paintings, the work featured some female nudity, albeit of the Cubist variety—which the station decided to censor.
Inspired by the station's expert blurring, we decided to see what other masterpieces of art history would look like if censored by an overzealous local news channel.
Photo via Wikimedia Commons
Liberty Leading the People by Eugène Delacroix, 1830
Photo via Wikimedia Commons
Madonna Litta, Leonardo da Vinci, 1490–1491
Photo by Philadelphia Museum of Art via Wikimedia Commons
Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2, Marcel Duchamp, 1912
Photo by Dover via Wikimedia Commons
Series I, No. 8, Georgia O'Keeffe, 1919
Photo by Marina Helli/AFP/Getty Images
Blue Nude II, Henri Matisse, 1952
Photo via Wikimedia Commons
The Garden of Earthly Delights, Hieronymus Bosch, 1503–1504
Photo by Carl Court/AFP/Getty Images
Le fermier et son épouse, Joan Miró, 1936
Photo by Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images
Benefits Supervisor Sleeping, Lucian Freud, 1995
Photo via Wikimedia Commons
The Luncheon on the Grass, Édouard Manet, 1862–1863
Photo by Johannes Simon/Getty Images
No. 36 (Black Stripe), Mark Rothko, 1958
You've probably seen Éric Fleming Bonilha videos showing off their Digifort mobile applications developed with Delphi XE5. The videos don't mention it, but the back end server and client applications are all written in Delphi too. Just in case you haven't see the videos, here they are again:
Earlier version, but on a lot of different devices:
Embarcadero just completed a case study with them too, which is really informative. I spoke with them down in Brazil and they said they previously developed mobile clients with both Java and Objective-C, and found Delphi let them develop their projects much faster, and they get both Android and iOS from one project. Also, and perhaps more importantly they said the performance of the Delphi client was just as good, plus they found it more flexible for building a user interface that looks great and is easy to use.
Digifort may be based in Brazil, but their clients are all over the world and are a mix of government agencies and business of various sizes. Eric arranged a trip to meet me in Scotts Valley this last week. They showed me some pictures of some of the walls of monitors their clients have, all powered by Digifort. Some really impressive installations.
A big part of their trip was to pick up a their very own Google Glass to start developing a Digifort mobile app for Google Glass. In just a couple short sessions they were capturing images from the built-in camera, connecting to their remote server, and streaming live video from Brazil to the glass display. The use case for security personal to view cameras while on patrol, while sharing what they see with everyone else is a great one.
Eric also had a chance to visit with some people from R&D and product management and share their experiences working with Delphi XE5 and FireMonkey. Here are some best practices they found for making a really smooth user interface.
FireMonkey handles PNG images really well. They make a lot of use of transparent and semitransparent PNG images in TImage components. Layering, animating and zooming those images is what they use to create some of those really great effects, like the joystick control for camera control.
components. Layering, animating and zooming those images is what they use to create some of those really great effects, like the joystick control for camera control. The TFloatAnimation and other animation effects are really powerful. They use those extensively for smooth animations.
and other animation effects are really powerful. They use those extensively for smooth animations. They created the drawer interface using TFrames (he uses a lot of frames). The main (center screen) has a Pan Interactive Gesture on it. They look at the gesture to see if it is horizontal (comparing the gesture start to a later gestsure event) and has traveled at least 10 pixels in that direction. Once that happens then they move the edge of it with the current finger position from the gesture. They also track the speed of the movement, so if you let go then they use another TFloatAnimation to smoothly finish the movement at the same speed.
(he uses a lot of frames). The main (center screen) has a on it. They look at the gesture to see if it is horizontal (comparing the gesture start to a later gestsure event) and has traveled at least 10 pixels in that direction. Once that happens then they move the edge of it with the current finger position from the gesture. They also track the speed of the movement, so if you let go then they use another to smoothly finish the movement at the same speed. When the drawer starts to open they pause all the video and other animations. This really increases the performance of the drawer animation.
Anything that is not currently shown on the screen has its visibility set to false. So if the drawer is closed, then everything in the drawer is invisible (since it is in a frame they just sets the frame to invisible). This keeps it from rendering and gives what is visible all the processing power. This is a common suggested optimization with many mobile development tools.
set to false. So if the drawer is closed, then everything in the drawer is invisible (since it is in a frame they just sets the frame to invisible). This keeps it from rendering and gives what is visible all the processing power. This is a common suggested optimization with many mobile development tools. It is important to think about a mobile app's interface as a mobile app. Don't try to squeeze a desktop app onto a mobile device. That will only frustrate you and your users.
In their lists of cameras they use a TVertScrollBox and fills it with a custom component that contains TImages and TLabels. That gives them maximum flexibility for the drag to reorder (again a Pan Interactive Gesture). They did find that the TLabel has better performance than drawing the text manually inside their custom control.
There were a lot of things they shared where they spent a little extra time to get things just right, and that is what makes the difference for a really smooth user interface. When asked about the learning curve to move from Desktop VCL to FireMonkey Mobile they said there was just a little learning curve, but now they really likes FireMonkey better than VCL. There was talk about having them collaborate for a user interface webinar, which I'm sure will be very informative.
You can catch Eric's appearance in our Devices and Gadgets webinar on the webinar replay (posting any day now). And download their sample code (along with the rest of the code from the webinar).
What are some tips and best practices you've found in your FireMonkey mobile development?
Share this: Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Email
The Tampa Police Department has confirmed to NFL.com and NFL Network that Tennessee Titans wide receiver Orenthal James Murdock, 25, died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound on Monday morning. They died at 10:43 a.m. ET.
'NFL Total Wellness' program launched NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced the launch of the "NFL Total Wellness" program in order to support the health of current and former players, Ian Rapoport writes. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced the launch of the "NFL Total Wellness" program in order to support the health of current and former players,writes. More ...
The tragic news comes just one day after the Titans placed Murdock on their "did not report" list. Murdock was placed on the "waive/injured" list last August and spent the year on injured reserve. Titans head coach Mike Munchak indicated Murdock was absent from training camp for "personal reasons."
Murdock was found in their car in front of Middleton High School, as the Tampa Bay Times first reported. They were then transported to Tampa General Hospital in critical condition.
Murdock was signed by the Titans in July 2011, and graduated from Middleton High in 2005. They never appeared in a game with the Titans.
The Titans released the following statement Monday:
âWe are shocked and saddened to hear of O.J. Murdockâs death this morning. In their brief time here, a number of our players, coaches and staff had grown close to O.J., and this is a difficult time for them. They spent the last year battling back from an Achilles injury as they prepared for this yearâs training camp. Our thoughts and prayers are with their family and friends as they try to cope with this tragedy.â
We send our condolences and thoughts out to Murdock's family.
UPDATE: Titans running back Chris Johnson tweeted their sympathy about Murdock's death.
Andrew Gruel plates duel creations from the latest food concepts: Butterleaf and Two Birds that showcases vegetables and chicken, respectively, at Irvine's Food Trade Hall.(Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Andrew Gruel cradles their two babies a plate from veggie-based Butterleaf and chicken-inspired Two Birds at the indoor-outdoor Trade Food Hall, Irvine. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Andrew Gruel of Slapfish fame loves vegetables. Their latest food concepts: Butterleaf and Two Birds showcase vegetables and chicken, respectively at Irvine's Food Trade Hall. Crispy Jidori Chicken Sandwich with pickle slaw, Tiger sauce and fresh herbs, left, and a Vegetable Poutine of fries smothered in fresh-made vegetable chowder is served in an open-air courtyard. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Butterleaf and Two Birds present a Signature Butterleaf Sandwich of mushroom filet, heirloom carrots, beefsteak tomatoes, avocado and Kimchi sauce, left, with Avocado Bombs of potato chip-crusted warm avocado bites at Irvine's Food Trade Hall. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Trade Food Hall exudes a coastal chic casual vibe an open air setting. The Irvine hall is host to independent eateries. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
TRADE food hall is across the street from the Pathways building in Irvine near John Wayne Airport. (Nancy Luna, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Jaime Benson, Center Hub owner, has made their way up the ranks of the restaurant business. They slow down for a moment at Trade's bar in Irvine. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Open-air Trade, near John Wayne Airport, at 2222 Michelson Drive is part of Orange County's growing food hall trend. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Serene and open. Trade showcases Center Hub, Dos Chinos, Two Birds, Butterleaf, Megadon,The Sandwich Society, Portside and more which face the Irvine courtyard. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Butterleaf at Irvine's Food Trade Hall offers vegetarian food for non-vegetarians by Andrew Gruel, chef/owner. Next to the vegetable-based eatery is another Gruel venture, Two Birds, serving grilled and fried chicken. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Andrew Gruel plates a vegetarian dish at their new Food Trade Hall eatery, Butterleaf. The Irvine eatery is solely plant-based and based on Gruel's love of vegetables. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Andrew Gruel's latest venture Butterleaf offers "vegetarian food for meat lovers." Next door is their other concept, Two Birds which serves chicken at Trade Food Hall in Irvine. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Andrew Gruel eats an organic carrot from their latest concept Butterleaf which has a vegetable-based menu at Trade Food Hall in Irvine. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The first wave of Orange County food halls gave us poke with an ocean view in Huntington Beach, gourmet New York-style pizza in downtown Santa Ana and Indian street food in a century-old packing house in Anaheim.
Now the second swell of culinary walkabouts is emerging. And, let me tell you: Get ready for a tsunami.
McFadden Public Market in Santa Ana opened last month. And in Irvine, TRADE, at 2222 Michelson Drive, celebrates its grand opening on Saturday, May 13.
“This is going to be a dining mecca of international concepts,” said Kenny Liu, leasing manager for The Source, a mega-entertainment and food complex in Buena Park.
Within The Source, a food hall dubbed Square Mixx is coming next year. It's one of two international marketplaces in the works in Orange County. The other is a Vietnamese-themed food hall in Little Saigon.
Surprisingly, Irvine's first food hall TRADE is being developed on a parcel not owned by the Irvine Co. Though we suspect the city's largest landowner has culinary aspirations for the ex-Macy's space at Irvine Spectrum Center.
TRADE, formerly Michelson Marketplace, is a joint effort between Lincoln Property Co. and Alcion Ventures. The two companies have spent roughly $5 million converting the aging food court within the 32,000-square-foot strip center into an open-air hall.
Like McFadden, TRADE has tapped experienced operators from buzzy concepts such as Dos Chinos, Slapfish, Afters Ice Cream and GD Bro Burger to bring fresh food stands to the center near John Wayne Airport.
“We had to get these guys who had the following to bring people here,” said Parke Miller, executive vice president of Irvine-based Lincoln Property Co.
Restaurants by Andrew Gruel opened last month. The creator of fast-casual seafood sensation Slapfish has developed yin-and-yang concepts Two Birds and Butterleaf.
At Butterleaf, Gruel is following the veggie trend with produce as “drool-worthy” center-of-the-plate creations. The menu features roasted or sauteed vegetables bathed in various housemade sauces including Green Goddess and a spicy tiger sauce.
Meals come as wraps or bowls and with sides. One standout appetizer: Avocado Bombs, diced avocados rolled in crushed corn chips, deep fried and topped with kimchi tiger sauce.
Though veggies are king here, Gruel says don't call Butterleaf a “plant-based restaurant” because their intention isn't to cater strictly to vegetarians; they predict carnivores will love it too.
“It's vegetables for meat eaters,” they said.
At Two Birds, Gruel is following an indulgent trend: fried chicken. The limited menu features grilled or fried Jidori chicken served as a sandwich or salad for $9.
“I don't think we're reinventing the wheel. We are definitely trying to take advantage of chicken being hot,” Gruel said.
Most of the TRADE food stands have been open for a few weeks, including a second brick-and-mortar outlet for Hop Phan's Dos Chinos.
Like Slapfish, the Vietnamese and Mexican fusion eatery started out as a food truck. Phan parked the concept at 4th Street Market two years ago. Now, he's taking it to Irvine, along with new concept Megadon, a Latin, Asian, Mexican and Hawaiian fusion eatery.
Pig Pen Delicacy, which debuted last year at 4th Street Market, is a pork-centric eatery from the creators of Afters Ice Cream and GD Bro Burger. It recently opened at SteelCraft, a Long Beach food marketplace built from shipping containers. Popular offerings include Pork Belly Fries, Maple Bacon Jam Burger and the MacAttack Burger. The latter is served on fried mac ‘n cheese buns.
Other TRADE food stalls: Portside, a seafood shack serving fish and chips, calamari and fish tacos; Gyro King, Greek sandwiches, gyros and plates; Sweet Combforts, a whimsical twist on a classic Belgian-style liege waffle. And, yes, that's how you spell it because the dimples on the waffle form a honeycomb pattern. The waffles, infused with pearl sugars, are served on a stick and dipped in a variety of cookie butter flavors.
Following the one-bar-serves-all philosophy of Recess at 4th Street Market, Center Hub will provide all the libations for TRADE's eight restaurants. Expect simple, classic cocktails, boutique wines and 10 taps of craft beer.
Style Guide for C¶
There's no one, right way to stylize code. But there are definitely a lot of wrong (or, at least, bad ways). Even so, CS50 does ask that you adhere to the conventions below so that we can reliably analyze your code's style. Similarly do companies typically adopt their own, company-wide conventions for style.
Line Length¶ By convention the maximum length of a line of code is 80 characters long in C, with that being historically grounded in standard-sized monitors on older computer terminals, which could display 24 lines vertically and 80 characters horizontally. Though modern technology has obsoleted the need to keep lines capped at 80 characters, it is still a guideline that should be considered a “soft stop,” and a line of 100 characters should really be the longest you write in C, else readers will generally need to scroll. If you need more than 100 characters, it may be time to rethink either your variable names or your overall design! // These next lines of code first prompt the user to give two integer values and then multiplies those two integer values together so they can be used later in the program int first_collected_integer_value_from_user = get_int ( "Integer please: " ); int second_collected_integer_value_from_user = get_int ( "Another integer please: " ); int product_of_the_two_integer_values_from_user = first_collected_integer_value_from_user * second_collected_integer_value_from_user ; In other languages, particularly JavaScript, it is significantly more difficult to constrain lines to a maximum length; there, your goal should instead be to break up lines (as via
) in locations that maximize readability and clarity.
Conditions¶ Conditions should be styled as follows: if ( x > 0 ) { printf ( "x is positive
" ); } else if ( x < 0 ) { printf ( "x is negative
" ); } else { printf ( "x is zero
" ); } Notice how: the curly braces line up nicely, each on its own line, making perfectly clear what's inside the branch;
there's a single space after each if ;
; each call to printf is indented with 4 spaces;
is indented with 4 spaces; there are single spaces around the > and around the > ; and
and around the ; and there isn't any space immediately after each ( or immediately before each ) . To save space, some programmers like to keep the first curly brace on the same line as the condition itself, but we don't recommend, as it's harder to read, so don't do this: if ( x < 0 ) { printf ( "x is negative
" ); } else if ( x < 0 ) { printf ( "x is negative
" ); } And definitely don't do this: if ( x < 0 ) { printf ( "x is negative
" ); } else { printf ( "x is negative
" ); }
Switches¶ Declare a switch as follows: switch ( n ) { case - 1 : printf ( "n is -1
" ); break ; case 1 : printf ( "n is 1
" ); break ; default : printf ( "n is neither -1 nor 1
" ); break ; } Notice how: each curly brace is on its own line;
there's a single space after switch ;
; there isn't any space immediately after each ( or immediately before each ) ;
or immediately before each ; the switch's cases are indented with 4 spaces;
the cases' bodies are indented further with 4 spaces; and
each case (including default ) ends with a break .
Functions¶ In accordance with C99, be sure to declare main with: int main ( void ) { } or, if using the CS50 Library, with: #include <cs50.h> int main ( int argc , string argv []) { } or with: int main ( int argc , char * argv []) { } or even with: int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { } Do not declare main with: int main () { } or with: void main () { } or with: main () { } As for your own functions, be sure to define them similiarly, with each curly brace on its own line and with the return type on the same line as the function's name, just as we've done with main .
Indentation¶ Indent your code four spaces at a time to make clear which blocks of code are inside of others. If you use your keyboard's Tab key to do so, be sure that your text editor's configured to convert tabs ( \t ) to four spaces, else your code may not print or display properly on someone else's computer, since \t renders differently in different editors. (If using CS50 IDE, it's fine to use Tab for indentation, rather than hitting your keyboard's space bar repeatedly, since we've preconfigured it to convert \t to four spaces.) Here's some nicely indented code: // Print command-line arguments one per line printf ( "
" ); for ( int i = 0 ; i < argc ; i ++ ) { for ( int j = 0 , n = strlen ( argv [ i ]); j < n ; j ++ ) { printf ( "%c
" , argv [ i ][ j ]); } printf ( "
" ); }
Loops¶ for¶ Whenever you need temporary variables for iteration, use i , then j , then k , unless more specific names would make your code more readable: for ( int i = 0 ; i < LIMIT ; i ++ ) { for ( int j = 0 ; j < LIMIT ; j ++ ) { for ( int k = 0 ; k < LIMIT ; k ++ ) { // Do something } } } If you need more than three variables for iteration, it might be time to rethink your design! while¶ Declare while loops as follows: while ( condition ) { // Do something } Notice how: each curly brace is on its own line;
there's a single space after while ;
; there isn't any space immediately after the ( or immediately before the ) ; and
or immediately before the ; and the loop's body (a comment in this case) is indented with 4 spaces. do … while¶ Declare do ... while loops as follows: do { // Do something } while ( condition ); Notice how: each curly brace is on its own line;
there's a single space after while ;
; there isn't any space immediately after the ( or immediately before the ) ; and
or immediately before the ; and the loop's body (a comment in this case) is indented with 4 spaces.
Pointers¶ When declaring a pointer, write the * next to the variable, as in: int * p ; Don't write it next to the type, as in: int * p ;
Variables¶ Because CS50 uses C99, do not define all of your variables at the very top of your functions but, rather, when and where you actually need them. Moreover, scope your variables as tightly as possible. For instance, if i am only needed for the sake of a loop, declare i within the loop itself: for ( int i = 0 ; i < LIMIT ; i ++ ) { printf ( "%i
" , i ); } Though it's fine to use variables like i , j , and k for iteration, most of your variables should be more specifically named. If you're summing some values, for instance, call your variable sum . If your variable's name warrants two words (e.g., is_ready ), put an underscore between them, a convention popular in C though less so in other languages. If declaring multiple variables of the same type at once, it's fine to declare them together, as in: int quarters , dimes , nickels , pennies ; Just don't initialize some but not others, as in: int quarters , dimes = 0 , nickels = 0 , pennies ; Also take care to declare pointers separately from non-pointers, as in: int * p ; int n ; Don't declare pointers on the same line as non-pointers, as in: int * p , n ;
Coming Soon
HOOPS (2018)
In this animated series, a foul-mouthed high school basketball coach is sure he'll hit the big leagues if they can only turn their terrible team around.
The Fast and the Furious Animated Show
Adventures abound as a group of teenagers infiltrates an elite racing league controlled by a nefarious organization bent on world domination.
Kid Cosmic
In this animated series from the creator of "The Powerpuff Girls," an odd, imaginative boy acquires superpowers after finding five cosmic rings.
Flinch
Faced with various frightening and uncomfortable events, contestants in this game show had better not flinch -- or they'll suffer painful consequences.
My Father's Dragon
Based on the Newbery-winning children's books, this animated film follows a young boy who runs away to an island to rescue and befriend a baby dragon.
The I-Land
In this sci-fi adventure series, ten people wake up on a treacherous island with no memory and soon discover this world is not as it seems.
The Order
Out to avenge their mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
Cobalt Blue
When a brother and sister fall in love with the same man, ensuing events shatter a traditional Marathi family. Based on Sachin Kundalkar's novel.
We did some great things, to be sure. We expanded choice with public broadcasting, cable, and satellites. Sesame Street became one of the most-watched television programs in the world. Our televised presidential debates, once groundbreaking and then abandoned until 1976, became the most substantive view of our presidential campaigns. We launched the first communications satellite in 1962. On a visit to the space program, President Kennedy asked me about the satellite. I told them that it would be more important than sending a man into space. “Why?” they asked. “Because,” I said, “this satellite will send ideas into space, and ideas last longer than men.”
But our failures were equally dramatic, particularly in using television to serve our children and to improve our politics. For 50 years, we have bombarded our children with commercials disguised as programs and with endless displays of violence and sexual exploitation. We are nearly alone in the democratic world in not providing our candidates with public-service television time. Instead we make them buy it—and so money consumes and corrupts our political discourse.
The past 50 years have seen sizzling and explosive advances in technology. Fifty years ago, the FCC regulated telephone service that came by wire, and television service that came through the air. Today, as MIT's Nicholas Negroponte predicted, these services are mostly reversed. The next 50 years will see even more technological miracles, including the marriage of computers, television, telephony, and the Internet. What we need, to accompany these changes, are critical choices about the values we want to build into our 21st-century communications system—and the public policies to support them. I believe we should commit to six goals in the next 50 years.
Our first must be to expand freedom, in order to strengthen editorial independence in news and information. Freedom of thought is the foundation of our national character, and at its best the Internet represents the full flowering of that freedom. The Internet itself is the result of an open system that has encouraged technological innovation and creative energy we could never have dreamed of—and, happily, the FCC, under its talented chairperson, Julius Genachowski, is leading public-interest advocates and industry groups to both meet the practical needs and uphold the democratic values at stake.
Our second commitment should be to use new communications technologies to improve and extend the benefits of education at all levels, preschool through postgraduate. In the midst of a bloody civil war, the Land Grant College Act of 1862 made the United States the world leader in higher education and established the foundation upon which the nation's defense, diplomacy, and economic competitiveness have relied on for 150 years. But today it no longer makes sense to let television broadcasters use the largest and most valuable swath of our electromagnetic spectrum to send out signals that more than 80 percent of American households don't need because they receive their television service through cable or satellite. We should auction off this precious real estate and use the money to invest in education. It's time for a new land grant act—a Land Grant of the Airwaves.
Resplendent High-Society Courtesan Hand-cast, hand-painted maquette
A must-have for the Firefly fan
Limited edition of 2000 numbered pieces
Joss Whedon's characters are all so unique and memorable that it's hard to pick a favorite among the crew of the Firefly. But if you forced our hand, we'd have to say Inara. They can smoothly slip into any social situation and command the attention and respect of everyone in the room. She's whip smart and uniquely beautiful. And that's just scratching the surface. There is so much more to Inara that we never got to learn...
Celebrate your love of Firefly with the Inara Maquette, one of the Little Damn Heroes series. Each maquette is hand-cast in polystone and hand-painted in exquisite detail, right down to the glint of mischief in the companion's eye. Your Inara Maquette is one of only 2000 numbered pieces and comes with a certificate of authenticity and a sleek black display stand. Now you just need to clear a place of honor to place them in your home or office!
Product Specifications
It was revealed yesterday that Naja would be joining Medusa and Inferno in April's UNCANNY INHUMANS. Today, in a reveal from Wired, the rest of this team was revealed to the world. Take a look at the cover of the upcoming issue.
Today, Iso, Triton, and Johnny Storm were revealed as members of this new team. Iso is currently in the INHUMAN book at Marvel and Triton is a member of the Inhuman royal family, so both those choices make sense.
Longtime associate of the Inhumans and Fantastic Four member Johnny Storm is the newest member of the team as well. In the current volume of FANTASTIC FOUR, Johnny is depowered, so it's pretty obvious the guy is going to get their powers back, but what does this mean for the future of the FF team? More importantly, what does this mean for Sue and Ben, who aren't currently in any other books?
THE UNCANNY INHUMANS hits stores on April 1 with a #0 issue.
Check out the new music video for “Buried” – https://youtu.be/JEoodCSBMTk
Hey! I'm Ché Aimee Dorval, a Canadian singer-songwriter who has been making music for over 10 years as a solo artist. I'm also one half of the ambient old time-y country duo “Casualties of Cool” along with Devin Townsend.
I'm releasing an album of all new originals that I've written throughout the year titled “Between The Walls and The Window”! I've put my blood, sweat, tears and all of my money into this thing and because of that I've been able to do exactly what I want with it.
The magical Shawn F Cole produced it, Bob Rock (!) was kind enough to mix 3 tracks and I got to play with some truly amazing musicians. Paul Rigby, Darren Parris and Daniel Ruiz were the main players in the band and their work is beautiful.
This album would not be what it is if not for my experiences writing and touring with Devin in Casualties of Cool. That experience really lit a fire under my ass this year. It inspired me to put my head down and and really go after what I want and it has pushed me to grow and to change as an artist. Witnessing first hand how incredibly hard Devin works to communicate their vision to all of you is illuminating. I learned that great art is perseverance; through your own insecurities, through the doubt of others and through whatever hiccups that may, and ultimately always do, arise.
I also owe so much of this record to you guys! Much of my new found confidence, drive and motivation that led to the making of this record is because of your kindness and support. Many of you have reached out to me and have shared your stories of how my music has touched you in some way and really, that is all I have ever wanted to do as an artist.
I've always longed to be the kind of artist who helps heal, comfort or soothe a person when they need it because that's what music has always done for me. So from the bottom of my heart, thank you.
So anyways, I'm just so excited to share this new album with you! And that's a new feeling for me…there's no feeling of foreboding here. None. Just some out of character pride and a little impatience. Like, fuck man, when is Dec 8th gonna get here? When can I DO this?
So I give you The Preorder! You get a little something right away, I get a little something out there sooner. It's good. It's win win. There are some perks that come with pre-ordering “Between The Walls and The Window”, some of them are a little odd; a Messy Karaoke experience…too much? Not enough?
Some I think you might really like; a demo version of my song “Low” mixed by Devin Townsend (he also plays bass on it) and it will only be available to pledgers.
Also 5% of the total pre-order campaign proceeds will be donated to my uncle Pat Dorval's Cancer Fund. They were diagnosed with esophageal cancer this past summer and I'd like to do what I can to help lighten their load so they can focus all of their energy into fighting this thing.  They are my heart and is the closest thing I have to a father so please send them all of your healthy loving vibes as well:)
Thanks for being here with me and I hope you like it!
Love Ché
Andrew Wiggins and Joel Embiid were recognized as two of the top 30 candidates for the 2014 Naismith Award on Thursday. Earlier in the season, Perry Ellis and Wayne Selden were named to the watch list (Joel Embiid was left off). Danny Manning is the only recipient to ever play for Kansas.
Here's the release from Big12Sports.com:
Five Big 12 student-athletes were recognized as top 30 candidates for the 2014 Men's Naismith Trophy presented by AT&T.
Melvin Ejim (Iowa State), DeAndre Kane (Iowa State), Joel Embiid (Kansas), Andrew Wiggins (Kansas) and Marcus Smart (Oklahoma State) represent the Big 12 on the list. The league's five candidates ranks first among all conferences.
The Naismith Trophy was first awarded to the men's college basketball player of the year in 1969. In 1983, the Naismith Awards also began recognizing the women's college basketball player of the year. The Awards further expanded in 1987 to honor the men's and women's college coaches of the year, the boy and girl high school players of the year, and, in 1988, the men's and women's college officials of the year.
In November of each year, the board of selectors, comprised of coaches, administrators and media from across the country, chooses the preseason top 50 “watch list”. In February, the Naismith voting academy narrows the list to the top 30 based on athletic performance. In March, the voting academy selects the four finalists who will go to the final ballot. The winner is selected by a board of selectors votes in conjunction with fan voting.
As the creator of the Naismith Trophy, the Atlanta Tipoff Club was founded during the 1956-57 basketball season and has since been armed with the mission of promoting the continued support for the game of basketball and recognizing the outstanding accomplishments of those who make the game so exciting.
WASHINGTON – A team of private investigators demanded the Democratic National Committee turn over “any and all” information that could help determine whether there is a link between the DNC email hacking during the 2016 presidential race and the mysterious murder of DNC employee Seth Rich.
But the DNC wouldn't provide any information Thursday, claiming it's “not interested in propagating conspiracy theories about a beloved colleague.”
While the DNC insists that its email was hacked by Russia in a grand conspiracy to assist Donald Trump in “rigging” the election, the Profiling Project pointed out in a letter to DNC Chairman Tom Perez that Guccifer 2.0 categorically denied links between the Russian government and the hacked documents.
“There have been all sorts of reporting in the media on the DNC computer hacking on June 14, 2016, one month before Mr. Rich's murder,” the letter states. “At the time, the DNC blamed the hacking on two groups associated with Russian intelligence. However, a blogger named Guccifer 2.0 subsequently claimed that they hacked your computer system, and passed along thousands of pages of files to WikiLeaks.
“Subsequent unsubstantiated reports have linked Mr. Rich's murder with either Russia or WikiLeaks or both, suggesting that Mr. Rich was the source of the emails or they were connected in some other way.”
Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND's Email News Alerts!
Jack Burkman, a lawyer and GOP lobbyist who is funding the Profiling Project, wrote the letter on behalf of the group. They called on the DNC to turn over any evidence that would substantiate Rich's ties to WikiLeaks.
“By way of this letter, I am formally asking that the DNC release any, and all, information to our independent investigators – including emails, internal memos and other correlating information regarding discussions of this matter – that may help them determine the connection, if any between the DNC hacking and the murder of Seth Rich,” the letter states. “I look forward to your cooperation in our efforts to find those responsible for killing a young man with a bright future and one of your employees.”
In its response to the Profiling Project's letter, the DNC stated:
“The DNC supports law enforcement in their work to get to the bottom of this terrible tragedy and hold the perpetrators accountable. The DNC is not interested in propagating conspiracy theories about a beloved colleague. “We ask news organizations to respect Seth's memory and stop highlighting publicity stunts and spreading false or debunked information.”
As WND has reported, Rich, 27, had accepted a position with Hillary Clinton's campaign just before their death. They were murdered in Washington, D.C., near their apartment in an affluent neighborhood. Rich was shot twice in the back with a handgun, and their wallet, credit cards, watch and phone were left in their possession. The Metropolitan Police Department has described the murder as a “botched robbery.”
Private investigators have claimed there is evidence Rich was the source WikiLeaks used to obtain thousands of DNC emails released on the eve of the party's presidential nominating convention last July. The emails, indicating the party was manipulating the primary race in favor of Hillary Clinton, led to the resignation of former DNC Chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz. On July 22, just 12 days after Rich's death and days before the Democratic Party Convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks released 20,000 DNC emails.
Also as WND has reported, former detective Rod Wheeler was initially hired by Rich's parents through a third party to find their son's killer. Wheeler alleges former interim DNC chairperson Donna Brazille contacted the Metropolitan Police Department demanding to know why they were “snooping” after Wheeler began investigating Rich's murder. As a result, they said, law-enforcement authorities are now refusing to provide them with more details about the case.
Wheeler and another source also told WND that the family's spokesperson, Brad Bauman – a Democratic political crisis consultant – was “assigned” to the family by the DNC. Bauman denies the DNC hired them to represent the Rich family, calling the claim “patently 100 percent false.”
WND has launched a GoFundMe campaign to get to the bottom of the Seth Rich murder. Help us find out what really happened to the DNC staffer!
As WND reported, the total reward for solving Rich's murder currently stands at approximately a half-million dollars. However, the DNC has offered no reward for information leading to the arrest of the murderer of its own young staffer. Instead, the DNC honored its murdered employee by dedicating a bike rack outside its headquarters to Rich's memory.
Several online accounts belonging to Rich have been deleted in recent weeks, according to the Profiling Project. As WND reported, Burkman filed an emergency motion on June 21 to require police to “preserve, protect and properly organize the all-important online information of Seth Rich.”
“Seth Rich's Twitter account has recently been deleted … Seth Rich's Facebook page has recently been deleted … and … Seth Rich's Reddit account (MeGRIMLOCK) has recently been edited and some of its postings deleted,” the motion states. “Little is more critical to the investigation of this murder than this online information that could lead to the determination of a motive for the murder. Most of the current working theories of the case may be disproven or enhanced by examining Seth Rich's online information. Regrettably, some of this information is now lost due to the apparent spoliation of MPD. MPD must now be forced by this Court to act swiftly and decisively to preserve evidence.”
Also in June, the Profiling Project released a preliminary 80-page report on Rich that details why it's highly improbable that the DNC staffer was the victim of a random homicide.
The project, an “all-volunteer group of current and former George Washington University forensic psychology graduate students and instructors,” said it came together for the investigation to “aid the Washington, D.C., Metropolitan Police utilizing forensic psychology skills and tools in hopes of providing at least one actionable item.”
The findings included:
Seth's death does not appear to be a random homicide. Seth's death does not appear to be a robbery gone bad. Seth[‘s] death was more likely committed by a hired killer or serial murderer. There may be additional video surveillance of the crime and crime scene. The resolution of prosecuting the individual(s) responsible appears to be hindered both actively and passively. Seth's killer(s) most likely remains free with the community.
The group found in its investigation “the crime scene was very organized to the point of being sanitized.”
“This would indicate careful planning on the part of the offender, control of the entry to and exit from the crime scene as well as in-depth understanding of law-enforcement investigative processes,” Doherty explained during a press conference. “A proficient killer is what we think – the fact that the killer has gotten away with it for this period of time and it appears it was a very sanitized crime scene, so there is certainly some level of proficiency in the killing.”
The lack of clues from Rich's murderer scene and the fact that no suspects have surfaced to claim the large reward offering is highly suspect, Doherty said.
“The crime scene was sanitized; there is no direct linking to really anything. The police have no suspects,” they said. “The individuals have gotten away with it at this point in time. There were no behavioral indications at the crime scene. It didn't look like rage or revenge or hate were the motivation behind it. It's really a lack of behavioral indicators, motion and evidence that leads us to believe that whoever did this is proficient at killing.”
The Profiling Project revealed in May that weapons were stolen from a nearby FBI vehicle hours before Rich was shot, including a .40 caliber Glock-22 handgun and a Rock River Arms Rifle. The burglary took place just two miles south of Rich's murder scene.
The group is currently awaiting a court hearing before the Washington, D.C., Superior Court to force the police department and Washington, D.C., Mayor Muriel Bowser to publicly release critical evidence in the Seth Rich investigation, including the medical examiner's report, autopsy documents and ballistics reports, which would determine they type of gun used to shoot Rich.
WND has launched a GoFundMe campaign to get to the bottom of the Seth Rich murder. You can personally help us get to the truth of what really happened.
You know I can't answer that question.I have been at pains to say this mystery isn't 'a' POI. That's still true. That doesn't mean it doesn't contain POIs (because how else can players visit something/see it/learn?).Some of those POIs have been upgraded overtime because the technology improved. Some additions have been made. I thought that was quite cool personally - lots of people put a lot of hard work into the Zurara for example.Will you all be satisfied by the ultimate outcome? I'm guessing not after some of the comments today! I don't think I can satisfy you all.This is a piece of in-game story when all is said and done. It has a finite set of resources available to it and only limited mechanics to allow players to affect and interact with it. Within those constraints I have improvised to the best of my ability. I do carefully observe how things are progressing. I'll admit could have done some things better. This is a learning experience for me too. I'll accept direct criticism when one of you has written a cohesive in-game MMO player influenced storyline, whilst writing a book and interacting with a busy dev team, working around bugs and issues and holding down a full-time job and a family.We can compare notes - let me know when you're ready.Some constraints are also forced upon me. The book must end at a point in time (I hated 'Lost' for that reason!) and all this is bound up in it. That may require some contrivances or nudges in certain directions.Those of you who've met me know that I only have the best interests of the Elite Dangerous community at heart. If you haven't, I'll appeal to your judgement of character.The event on the 29th may not work either. It's a risk, we all know that. But nobody ever achieved anything worthwhile by holding back and playing it safe.Cheers,Drew.
Less than two weeks ago, Seattle's 5 Point Cafe became the first known establishment in the United States (and possibly the world) to publicly ban Google Glass, the highly anticipated augmented reality device set to be released later this year.
The “No Glass” logo that the café published on its website was developed and released (under a Creative Commons license) by a new London-based group called “Stop the Cyborgs.” The group is composed of three young Londoners who decided to make a public case against Google Glass and other similar devices.
“If it's just a few geeks wearing it, it's a niche tool [and] I don't think it's a problem,” said Adam, 27, who prefers only to be identified by their first name. They communicated with Ars via Skype and an encrypted Hushmail e-mail account.
“But if suddenly everyone is wearing it and this becomes as prevalent as smartphones—you can see it becomes very intrusive very quickly. It's not about the tech, it's about the social culture around it. If you think about what Google's business model is, it started as a search engine, and then Google Analytics. [Now, Google is] almost characterizing its [territory as being] the rest of the world. It's a loss of space that isn't online. [Google Glass] destroys having multiple identities, and I find that quite a scary concept.”
Adam admitted they have never actually used or interacted with Google Glass in person, but they said they have extensive experience with augmented reality and currently is a post-doctoral student specializing in "machine learning" at a London university that they declined to name. They added that they and two friends are behind Stop the Cyborgs.
Google has yet to release much detailed information about Google Glass, only allowing small trials involving its own employees and select journalists and developers.
“Most people [have] no idea what they were looking at”
On the Stop the Cyborgs site, the group raises a significant concern: namely, that there's no obvious way to know when the device is on or what it's actually doing (recording or not). Indeed, Adam's fears may be warranted, based on The Verge's own experience last month:
At one point during my time with Glass, we all went out to navigate to a nearby Starbucks—the camera crew I'd brought with me came along. As soon as we got inside however, the employees at Starbucks asked us to stop filming. Sure, no problem. But I kept the Glass' video recorder going, all the way through my order and getting my coffee. Yes, you can see a light in the prism when the device is recording, but I got the impression that most people had no idea what they were looking at. The cashier seemed to be on the verge of asking me what I was wearing on my face, but the question never came. They certainly never asked me to stop filming.
Plus, it's not hard to imagine a situation where photos taken by Glass could be checked against Facebook, Google+, or another social network. For now, Google hasn't said what sort of facial recognition capability Glass will (or could) have.
"Google Glass is possibly the most significant technological threat to 'privacy in public' I've seen," Woodrow Hartzog, an affiliate scholar at the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School, told Ars. "In order to protect our privacy, we will need more than just effective laws and countermeasures. We will need to change our societal notions of what 'privacy' is."
For now, at least one privacy-minded senator doesn't seem worried.
"In the past, Google has taken a principled position in making facial recognition an opt-in service for its social network, Google+,” said Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) in an e-mail to Ars. “This gives me hope that this same kind of thoughtfulness will be applied to its roll-out of Glass. I'm looking forward to talking to Google more about its deployment of Glass and what it means for privacy.”
“You're never going to see a stranger as a stranger again”
Still, though, we can only speculate about how society will react to such an expensive geek toy that will almost certainly spawn copycat devices that will get cheaper and more expansive over time.
“In generation two, when you've got better battery life and apps that do better face recognition—maybe we're crying wolf a little early to a certain extent—but [what happens when] you get to competing products?” Adam said. “The idea that you'll have recognition of objects and infrared tags so it will always know what you're looking at—that kind of thing, it will be gathering information. It's more the face recognition stuff that changes society. You're never going to see a stranger as a stranger again.”
That's a sentiment Hartzog echoed.
"Google Glass simply lowers the transaction costs of taking photos and videos and learning about your surroundings," the law professor said. "If Glass has a high adoption rate, it will significantly increase the likelihood of information that was assumed to be obscure or ethereal being discovered, recorded, and subject to publication. The law has yet to figure out how to unravel the fact that there are many situations where individuals expect privacy in public. So perhaps the best approach to this, at least initially, is a vocal, context-based opposition."
Even more interestingly, Adam admitted that part of why he's afraid of associating their name with such a campaign is that it might hurt their chances in the industry where they hope to get a job.
"I want to get a job with Google, eventually,” they admitted. “I'm part of that industry, so anything that I say in regard to that site could come back and bite me. I might not be able to afford my principles.”
Each of the divisional playoff games this weekend has an interesting subplot. There is Brady vs. Tebow, Part 2, a battle to see which remaining AFC defense is the most dynamic (Houston or Baltimore), and a Saints-49ers matchup that is the epitome of an unstoppable force versus an immovable object.
As fascinating as those conflicts are, one of the more intriguing subplots within any of the games has to be this question: Which team has the better receiving corps, the New York Giants or the Green Bay Packers?
Opinions abound as to which pass-catching group is better, but for the sake of this discussion, opinions will take a back seat to a detailed metric review, with the numbers being the overriding determinant as to which player is better at each position. And note that I'm laying out who is No. 1 or No. 2 based on overall productivity , not the usual throwaway line about who is a No. 1 guy and who isn't.
No. 1 wide receiver: Victor Cruz vs. Jordy Nelson
For this first matchup, let's take a look at a chart detailing the metrics for each player:
Vitor Belfort is doing things a little bit differently ahead of what he's decided will be the final fight of their UFC career next month.
Belfort (25-14 MMA, 14-10 UFC), who meets Nate Marquardt (35-17-2 MMA, 13-10 UFC) in a middleweight bout at UFC 212 on June 4 at Jeunesse Arena in Rio de Janeiro, has jumped across various gyms throughout the course of their more than 20 year career.
Ahead of the contest with Marquardt, though, “The Phenom” shifted their training north to Tristar Gym in Montreal, which houses the likes of former UFC champion Georges St-Pierre, Rory MacDonald, Joseph Duffy, Joanne Calderwood, and many others.
A representative from Belfort's team confirmed to MMAjunkie that they will spend the remainder of their training camp in Montreal after pictures of the Brazilian in the gym surfaced online.
Tristar head coach Firas Zahabi will corner Belfort for the fight against Marquardt, which airs on pay-per-view following prelims on FS1 and UFC Fight Pass.
UFC 212 will mark the 25th fight of Belfort's career and the last on their current UFC contract. They said their career in the octagon will be over regardless of the result but did not 100 percent commit to retiring from competition for good.
Belfort will bring a three-fight winless skid into UFC 212. They most recently suffered a first-round knockout loss to Kelvin Gastelum at UFC Fight Night 106 in March, but the result was later overturned to a no-contest when Gastelum failed a drug test for marijuana use.
For more on UFC 212, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
A High Court judge has ruled that former Guantanamo detainees can proceed with lawsuits accusing Britain of complicity in torture overseas. The UK government had sought a suspension of the lawsuits to allow an independent inquiry to begin its work.
ADVERTISING Read more
AP - Former Guantanamo detainees can proceed with lawsuits accusing Britain of complicity in torture overseas, a High Court judge ruled Wednesday, rejecting a government request to suspend the action.
Britain had asked a judge to direct the six men, and six others who plan to launch similar cases, to halt their lawsuits and focus on reaching out of court settlements, allowing an independent inquiry into the accusations to begin.
But High Court judge Stephen Silber ruled that the men can press ahead with their cases, even if their lawyers decide to take part in mediation talks aimed at reaching a deal outside the courts. Some documents giving a taste of what might be released in the inquiry also were released, showing an often-confused government position under former Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Prime Minister David Cameron said last week that a retired judge will lead an independent inquiry into how much the government knew about claims that some detainees were badly treated or tortured by allies, including the United States.
Cameron's government says the judge-led inquiry can't begin until the lawsuits are settled, and that mediation would dramatically speed up the process.
Officials claim the court cases could last five years and cost tens of millions of pounds (dollars), they also insist that intelligence agency staff have been taken off anti-terrorism duties to review up to 500,000 documents to be disclosed in the cases.
Britain's Cabinet Office said the government believes the inquiry is the most effective way to ''review all the issues before the courts,'' and said it would have access to uncensored material.
Cameron said that two police inquiries into alleged criminal wrongdoing by British spies must also be completed before the inquiry can begin.
In the most prominent case, ex-Guantanamo Bay detainee Binyam Mohamed alleges Britain was aware they were beaten, subjected to sleep deprivation and had their genitals sliced with a scalpel while they were held in Pakistan in 2002.
So far about 50,000 documents have been prepared for hearings and around 900 documents have been released to lawyers representing the men, though many are heavily censored.
Lawyers for the ex-detainees say they need to see more documents before they can decide whether to enter into mediation, but claim those disclosed so far show government policy was in disarray over detainees.
The documents hint at the type of revelations expected when the judge-led inquiry examines how Britain handled security threats in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.
A series of the documents handed to lawyers were made public for the first time Wednesday after they were discussed in a court hearing.
One set of memos discloses how Britain declined to raise objections over the transfer of British citizens to the U.S. prison camp in Guantanamo Bay, in Cuba.
A January 2002 Foreign Office telegram tells ambassadors and officials that London had ''no objection to American plans to transfer U.K. detainees from Afghanistan to Guantanamo Bay,'' and that the transfer of U.K. nationals was the ``best way to meet our counterterrorism objectives by ensuring they are securely held.''
Britain later secured the release of nine British citizens, and four men who were previously British residents - including Mohamed - from Guantanamo Bay and called for the prison camp to be closed down.
In another disclosed document, a note of advice between Britain's overseas MI6 intelligence agency and a member of staff conducting interviews of al-Qaida suspects, the agency says ``it appears from your description that they may not be being treated in accordance with the appropriate standards.''
It is ``important that the Americans understand that we cannot be party to such ill treatment,'' the note states.
Britain's intelligence oversight committee reported in 2005 that an MI6 officer reported concerns about the treatment of a detainee held in U.S. custody in Afghanistan to their superiors. The case was regarded as likely an isolated incident and ministers were not told until 2004, the committee said.
The Obama administration released a guide Friday on how foreign bank can do business with Iran, the world's top terror sponsor, using U.S. dollars.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) issued a guide for banks explaining that they can do U.S. dollar trades with Iran, so long as the transactions do not go through financial institutions located in the U.S. OFAC's guidance follows several months of complaints from Iran claiming U.S. sanctions have scared away potential business partners it was expecting after signing the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA, or Iran nuclear deal) last year.
Despite a loosening of sanctions since the Iran nuclear deal, many banks continue to stay away from doing business with the Islamic Republic, which is still considered by the U.S. Department of State to be the world's premier state sponsor of terrorism.
“I've generally advised people to stay away from dollar transactions in Iran,” Melvin Schwechter, a sanctions attorney at Baker & Hostetler LLP, told Reuters Monday. “But here they are giving banks a green light to go forward as long as they make sure the dollar-denominated transactions don't affect the U.S. It's a signal to blunt the criticism of the Iranian government that they aren't getting any benefit from the nuclear deal.”
A Treasury spokesperson noted that the guidelines are meant to “clarify the scope of sanctions lifting” due to the Iran nuclear deal, but they do not equate to sanction relief themselves.
Despite the administration's efforts, Iran continues to be skeptical of U.S. intentions.
“The problems that existed before are still there,” Hossein Ghazavi, vice-minister of Iran's ministry of economy, told Reuters Monday. “Previously … non-American financial institutions could not have 100 percent confidence that while providing brokerage services, creating accounts or maintaining U.S. dollars for Iranian banks and customers, they wouldn't face unpredictable risk. This ambiguity has still not been resolved.”
Follow Russ Read on Twitter
Send tips to russ@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Jane Scott is a pediatrician who practices in Highlands Ranch, Colo.
I've been a pediatrician for 20 years, and I thought I'd seen it all. But not long ago when a father brought their 2-year-old into my clinic, something happened that has me deeply concerned.
Upon entering my examining room, I found father and son sitting together, eyes downcast, each silently scrolling and tapping on smartphones. During my initial exam, the father directed most of my questions to their frowning toddler, who indicated that their ears hurt, and I quickly discovered that both eardrums were red and inflamed.
“Guess what?” I said to my small patient. “Your ears hurt because you have an ear infection. But we can give you medicine and make you better.” I smiled at the little boy and their father. Immediately, the child picked up their phone and pushed a button. “Siri,” they asked carefully. “What is an ear infection?”
At age 2, a few minutes on a smartphone isn't a big deal; screen time is a part of growing up today, and most parents try to set appropriate limits. But when a child so young turned to a machine for information instead of to their father, it made me wonder: Just how limited was their parents' screen time? What I saw was modeled behavior — a child who's learned that when they have a question, Siri, and not Dad, is most readily available with an answer.
It's hard to say for sure based on this one moment, but there can be no doubt about the larger trend: Parents today are probably the most informed and involved generation in history. And, yet, in the company of their children, they often act as though they'd rather be someplace else. That's what they're saying when they break eye contact to glance at their push notifications or check Facebook when they think their child's distracted. The parents are present, their attention is not.
In my practice, I see evidence every day of how such inattention affects kids. It's expressed in temper tantrums and separation anxiety, and older children who resist discipline. Most parents are taught that this is all normal, that children are biologically wired this way. Not exactly. Yes, all of this is normal attention-getting behavior, but it often is preventable.
Consider the results of a March study by researchers from Boston Medical Center who carefully observed caregivers and children at fast-food restaurants. Out of 55 caregivers, 40 used their mobile devices, and their absorption was such that their “primary engagement was with the device, rather than the child.” In many cases, the caregivers expressed irritation when the children tried to get their attention. One observer watched a woman push a small boy away as they took their face in their hands in an attempt to get them to look up from their tablet.
It's possible all those adults were following an urgent work e-mail thread. More likely, they were on Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest. A 2011 Nielsen poll found that people with children use social media more than those without. Maybe these adults were reading an article shared by another parent. Maybe they were making plans with friends and family. But they were definitely communicating to their children that they were less important than whatever was on those devices.
This might seem absurd to today's parents, who feel like they give themselves to their children in ways previous generations never imagined. But the undivided attention that children need from us is in jeopardy. Most people just don't realize how much time they're spending online; what feels like a few minutes is often a half hour or more. When we are with our children, we need to be with our children — not with them except for the part of us that's reading e-mails, tweeting and checking Facebook.
Another reason for parents to put down their phones: Though Facebook may provide community, it can also promote competition and unreachable standards of perfection. Through Facebook, we read an endless litany of our friends' boasts about their children. It's enough to make a person wonder what she's doing wrong because their child prefers plain pasta over the curry special, or “Old MacDonald” to Chopin. Though most parents would say they're not competitive in this way, many worry privately that they might be short-changing their kids.
Social media has a place and a purpose, but too many parents are creating unnecessary stress by trying to be in two places at once, while modeling to their children that online relationships take precedence over real ones. In an era of constant distraction, we must decide what's more important: heeding the constant ping of our devices, or telling our children, in word and deed, “I am listening. I am here. And there's nowhere else I'd rather be.”
From Lunch (n.) To Balding (adj.), Some Words Are Just 'Bad English'
Bad English A History of Linguistic Aggravation by Ammon Shea Hardcover, 255 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Ammon Shea, author of Reading the OED, has just come out with a new book about words — words like "dilapidated," "balding" and "lunch." Shea says those words were once frowned upon, as were more than 200 other words they have compiled.
Their new book, Bad English, documents how the language has grown, embracing words and usages that various self-appointed linguistic police have declared contraband. Shea tells NPR's Robert Siegel about a few words' troublemaking reputations.
Interview Highlights
On what some people have against "dilapidated," "balding" and "lunch"
"Dilapidated" was frowned upon by some because it comes from a Latin root, "lapis," meaning stone, so it was thought that you should only refer to a dilapidated building if it was actually made out of stone, and it was somehow improper to talk about a dilapidated wooden structure.
"Balding" was considered improper because it appears to be a participle formed from "bald," and everybody knows that "bald" is not a verb — at least they thought it wasn't a verb. Some of the commentators suggested words like "baldish," which somehow failed to catch on. ...
Many people have frowned, throughout the ages, on shortenings of words, and "lunch" is essentially a back-formation where you take an existing word and cut a bit of it off. And it was considered that "luncheon" was the proper noun and that "lunch" was really only to be used as a verb.
On being linguistically permissive
I'm not an absolute nihilist as far as language is concerned, and I don't think that we should throw out all the rules. I operate from a position that I think many of the rules that we hold on to are capricious and arbitrary and do more to stunt the language than to kind of foster change and innovation.
On superlative adjectives like "perfect" and "square"
You could easily say that something is either perfect or it is not perfect, yet in the Constitution of the United States, in the first line, we talk about creating "a more perfect union." And somehow ... the writing, language of Western civilization did not destroy itself after that misuse of the word.
This kind of thing — what people refer to as an absolute adjective ... an adjective that has no degrees — [is] kind of saying, more or less, that the word is either pregnant or it isn't. People have done this with many, many words. For instance: dry, wet, straight, equal, clear, correct, quiet, empty, full, extreme, square. All of those are words which have been thought, at one point in the past, to be absolute. ... You're either square or you're not square. Yet somehow those words can function in several different ways, and we understand, when somebody uses those words, what they mean generally.
On whether there's value in language rules
Absolutely I think there is. I don't think anybody in their right mind is arguing doing away with the rules. However, one of the things that I think is frequently overlooked is that we can more or less refer to it as code-switch: You know, we can speak in a number of different registers. When we're talking with friends, we speak one way, and that is markedly different than when we're writing a term paper. And most people have the ability to switch back and forth between these internal dialects, so to speak. And it is useful to know these rules. However, I do not think it is so useful to be bound by them, and I certainly don't think it is at all useful to scold people who don't adhere to your particular version of them.
By: James Clingman
In war, one of the first things the enemy does is destroy their adversary's ability to communicate within its ranks. Chaos likely ensues if a fighting force cannot communicate internally. Individual soldiers end up doing their own thing when left to their own devices. They make decisions based on their individual situations and in their individual interests. This allows the enemy to come in and pick them off one by one, using false information and propaganda (Tokyo Rose), instilling fear of being captured or killed, or by making the individual feel abandoned and left with no hope of victory.
If the ability to communicate is maintained within a fighting force, it strengthens the group and provides confidence, assurance, and cohesion. Considering our penchant for soundbites, 140-character chirps, and listening to great speeches but not analyzing them and taking appropriate action, communication among Black folks has largely been reduced to little more than noise. And it's getting worse.
Black newspapers used to be our main communication organ, but as the demand for electronic access to news has increased, newspapers have nearly become obsolete in some circles. Books were also a great source of communication because they contain so much knowledge written by scholars, historians, educators, and activists. But now we are so intellectually lazy that books have become passé and just something to brag about having on our bookshelves. Now we rely on Twitter and Facebook for our news.
Newspapers, radio, Internet, and television are the four dominant means of communications today. Black people still own a few hundred newspapers, many of which are struggling from week to week because Black folks do not subscribe, nor do Black businesses buy ads to any large degree.
Black ownership of radio stations has drastically decreased in the past twenty years. Aside from a couple of great Black owned Internet wire services, “Black oriented” sites are not Black owned. In the magazine industry, Johnson Publishing remains black-owned, however, they have ceased printing Jet and only Ebony remains as a print entity. Black Enterprise carries a heavy load as the only major Black-owned publication focusing on economic issues.
Now let's look at television. According to an article in TV News Check, written by Doug Halonen, “Whites owned 1,070 full-power commercial TV stations in 2013, up 14% from the 935 they owned in 2011. Racial minorities owned 41 of the U.S.'s 1,386 full-power commercial TV stations in 2013, up 32% from the thirty-one they owned in 2011— but only nine of those stations were owned by African Americans during 2013, down 18% from the eleven they owned two years previously, according to a study of station ownership released by the FCC.”
The FCC report also found that, “Asians owned nineteen full-power TV stations in 2013, up 73% from the eleven they owned in 2011. Hispanics or Latinos owned forty-two full power TV stations in 2013, up 8% from the thirty-nine they owned in 2011.”
I guess I could end this article right here, but without application, knowledge and information are without effect. The obvious point here, is the necessity for Black people to own more communications outlets in order to control and disseminate pertinent information to Black people. How? Establish syndicates that could purchase more outlets. Form an alliance of affluent and conscious Blacks to purchase communications outlets and produce programs to empower rather than dumb-down Black people. Increase support of Black owned media and their advertisers by Black consumers. Leverage the support of Black readers, listeners, and viewers of Black media by insisting on more than just mind-numbing idiotic portrayals of Black folks. These simple tactics could strengthen our lines of communications.
Accessibility, accountability, and acceptability are essential elements to a strong and relevant media presence within Black society. Our current position in that game is untenable and tenuous at best. In light of the fact that we have the financial wherewithal, collectively and individually, to purchase and support media outlets, it is intriguing how we seem to have settled for much less than we need.
Most of us understand and even admit we are in a war, behind enemy lines, and fighting for respect and empowerment. That being the case, why are we content with having our lines of communication controlled by others? If we are reluctant to acquire more conscious media outlets, the least we can do is hold those who purport to be “Black media” accountable by refusing to accept the trashy caricatures of Black people and the negative portrayals of Black life that bombard us every day.
Without control of communications an army is severely handicapped. We must get rid of our negative channels of communications, shore up the positive ones, and create more of our own.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views, policies or position of Atlanta Black Star or its employees
Deseneus is a character I play in Brendan Cass' game set in the Swords of Kos fantasy campaign setting. Although Brendan runs their game using their own very cool Swords of Infinity game engine, I thought it might be fun to convert Deseneus to Runequest. By the way, Brendan ran Swords of Infinity, in which I got to play the SoI version of Deseneus, on d-Infinity Plays! which you can watch.
Deseneus is a Dacian (also known to ancient authorities as the Getae) warrior, a minor noble by birth, hailing from the area north of the Danube, beyond Thrace and Macedonia - essentially the land of the nearer barbarians (as opposed to the farther barbarians of the Hyperborean steppes tribes).
Withouth going into details of how Dacian history differs in the Swords of Kos Fantasy Campaign Setting, for the last several centuries, Greek culture, civilization, philosophy and religion had an increasing effect on Geto-Dacian culture.
Deseneus is a product of this influence. They grew up with sufficient resources to be indulged in their quest for knowledge, learned Greek through the writings of Homer and other ancients as a youth, and developed a deep respect for the world around the eastern Mediterranean. When, as a young man, they had the opportunity to visit, as part of a diplomatic envoy to the south, they jumped at the chance. Taking ship down the Danube, the envoy, with young Deseneus, sailed the Black Sea southward.
Alas, if any diplomatic mission can ever be said to be simple, this one surely could not be. By the time the Dacians arrived in Athens, the first stop, they learned that the ruler who had sent them had been supplanted by a feircer competitor. Their mission made irrelevant by events at home, the envoy broke up, some heading home, others feeling that their future lay in the south, remained. Deseneus was one such. Over the next decade they ventured widely, studying when able, selling their skills with a sword when necessary.
On one such assignment, with the stated goal of spying on the Fire Giants of Sicily, Deseneus was aboard a ship traveling the straits of Messina. Attacked by the terrible creature known as Scylla, they appeared doomed. But scylla did not consume hima s they had their fellows. Instead, they made them an offer - serve them and live, or be consumed over the course of the next century in their gargantuan gullet. The choice appeared simple.
In exchange for their service, Deseneus has gained, and lost, much. Their pact has given them magical power, and considerable knowledge lost to modern times. But the influence of Scylla on their personality has made them colder and more calculating. Often, they call upon them to spy, even kill in their name, to advance some agenda that the Dacian is only now piecing together.
Attached are the stat for Deseneus. You may wish to take a look at the rules for Pact Magic. Enough at least to get you by if you want to use him. I will undoubtedly expand on pact magic in a later Runequest Thursday.
Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) has promised to oppose all tax increases, as they jockey for the White House, the third presidential candidate to sign the popular conservative group Americans for Tax Reform's pledge.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Senator Rubio is a longtime leader in the taxpayer movement. They signed and kept the Pledge as a Florida state House representative and as a United States Senator. By signing the Taxpayer Protection Pledge to the American people, Senator Rubio continues to protect American taxpayers against higher taxes,” Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, said in a statement.
“Senator Rubio understands that government should be reformed so that it takes and spends less of the taxpayers' money, and will oppose tax increases that paper over and continue the failures of the past."
Rubio joins fellow Republican Sens. Rand Paul (Ky.) and Ted Cruz (Texas), who signed the pledge last week.
Former Fla. Gov. Jeb Bush has said they wouldn't sign any pledge if they decide to run for president, their spokesperson Kristy Campbell told CNN.
The group's pledge calls for politicians to “oppose and veto any and all efforts to increase taxes.” It has become a popular way for conservative politicians to tout their limited government bonafides — 49 Senators and 218 members of the House of Representatives have signed the pledge.
Rubio has been promoting their joint tax plan with Sen. Mike Lee (Utah), which replaces the individual tax rates with just two brackets, one at 15 percent and one at 35 percent.
Photo
Visitors to the upper floors of the Muslim community center planned for near ground zero would walk through lofty spaces — for art exhibitions, for contemplation and prayer, for programs on interreligious dialogue, for a 9/11 memorial — as sunlight streams through irregularly shaped windows between white crisscrossing beams.
That is the image presented in the tentative architectural renderings that the planners of the center, called Park51, have been showing at community meetings in recent weeks, and which were revealed to the wider public for the first time last week.
Photo
A sketch of the façade shows a latticework of white starlike designs, echoing patterns that can be seen in Islamic architecture and decorative tiles across the Middle East.
The design was meant to show “hints of tradition,” while the use of modern materials and glass panels would give an impression of translucence and “moving toward the future,” Sharif el-Gamal, the project's developer, said in an interview last week.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The planners have not begun to raise the $140 million needed for construction or hired an architect.
An image of the façade has been in circulation since early this year, but last week the planners revealed renderings of how some interior spaces might look and how the center's many amenities — including a restaurant, theater, day care center, gym and pool — might be stacked in a building of up to 15 stories.
Photo
There would also be a 9/11 memorial and a space open to people of “all faiths and of no faith” for prayer, contemplation and meditation, Mr. Gamal said.
The space for Muslims would be in the basement. Technically, it would be a prayer hall known as a musalla, because its construction would not meet rules required to sanctify a mosque.
When you think of the next version of the nightly news, you think of Vice.
But what do you think about when you think of a totally new sports brand that fits this mobile and social generation?
I'm arguing the answer is Barstool Sports.
Barstool Sports is one of the most talked about new sports-related companies to appear in the last decade. Since early last year, it's been 51 percent owned by The Chernin Group, which kept the core personalities of the original Boston-based Barstool and pushed it out nationally. Besides podcasts, it also has a website and video clips it distributes socially, and it's experimented with a linear TV show.
Barstool Sports also has one of the most popular sports podcasts: "Pardon My Take," hosted by Big Cat and PFT Commenter.
If its traffic is actually ahead of the Bill Simmons Podcast, as the Apple Podcast rankings have shown for the last year, that would mean "Pardon My Take" regularly brings in more than 500,000 listeners per episode. It's a remarkable achievement for a year-old podcast and a testament to the power of Barstool's brand of humor, irreverent takes and sports for 18- to 30-year-old men.
But don't take it from me: I asked a poll question a few days ago about what "new" sports start-up would be the biggest brand in 2021. Here was my list:
Simmons' The Ringer
Barstool Sports
Bleacher Report
Subscription sites The Athletic
Are there other hot new sports brands that should have been on the list? SB Nation? Deadspin?
The fact it's tough to name four says something about the start-ups. It also says something about the strength of the sports incumbents. ESPN may be nearly 40-years-old, but these start-ups have a long way to go to equal its power.
I immediately heard complaints about my list of four emerging sports brands. In particular, some would say Barstool is really more a lifestyle brand for young men, I was told. It's about post-college life, girls, humor, with a dash of sports thrown in.
But the results speak for themselves.
The voting was close for a while but then Barstool pulled away with it.
Better, cheaper bio-ink may be used to create artificial organs
-end-
Related Engineering Reading:
A new bio-ink that may support a more efficient and inexpensive fabrication of human tissues and organs has been created by researchers at UBC's Okanagan campus.Keekyoung Kim, an assistant professor at UBC Okanagan's School of Engineering, says this development can accelerate advances in regenerative medicine.Using techniques like 3D printing, scientists are creating bio-material products that function alongside living cells. These products are made using a number of biomaterials including gelatin methacrylate (GelMA), a hydrogel that can serve as a building block in bio-printing. This type of biomaterial--called bio-ink--are made of living cells, but can be printed and molded into specific organ or tissue shapes.The UBC team analyzed the physical and biological properties of three different GelMA hydrogels--porcine skin, cold-water fish skin and cold-soluble gelatin. They found that hydrogel made from cold-soluble gelatin (gelatin which dissolves without heat) was by far the best performer and a strong candidate for future 3D organ printing."A big drawback of conventional hydrogel is its thermal instability. Even small changes in temperature cause significant changes in its viscosity, or thickness," says Kim. "This makes it problematic for many room temperature biofabrication systems, which are compatible with only a narrow range of hydrogel viscosities and which must generate products that are as uniform as possible if they are to function properly."Kim's team created two new hydrogels--one from fish skin, and one from cold-soluble gelatin--and compared their properties to those of porcine skin GelMA. Although fish skin GelMA had some benefits, cold-soluble GelMA was the top overall performer. Not only could it form healthy tissue scaffolds, allowing cells to successfully grow and adhere to it, but it was also thermally stable at room temperature.The UBC team also demonstrated that cold-soluble GelMA produces consistently uniform droplets at temperatures, thus making it an excellent choice for use in 3D bio-printing."We hope this new bio-ink will help researchers create improved artificial organs and lead to the development of better drugs, tissue engineering and regenerative therapies," Kim says. "The next step is to investigate whether or not cold-soluble GelMA-based tissue scaffolds are can be used long-term both in the laboratory and in real-world transplants."Three times cheaper than porcine skin gelatin, cold-soluble gelatin is used primarily in culinary applications.The study was recently published in the August issue of Biofabrication.Media Contact: Patty WellbornAssistant Communications Coordinator | University RelationsThe University of British Columbia | Okanagan campusPhone: 250-807-8463 | Cell: 250-317-0293Email: patty.wellborn@ubc.ca UBC's Okanagan campus is an innovative hub for research and learning in the heart of British Columbia's stunning Okanagan Valley.Ranked among the top 20 public universities in the world, UBC is a globally recognized research-intensive institution whose Okanagan campus was established in 2005.The Okanagan campus emphasizes smaller class sizes, experiential learning, and research activity for students, combining a world-class UBC degree with a tight-knit and entrepreneurial community.As part of North America's most international university, the campus is home to 9,000 students representing 98 countries.University of British Columbia Okanagan campus
Intelligence and security committee says the small number of staff misused surveillance powers and says such action should be criminal offence
Spies have been dismissed and disciplined for inappropriately accessing private information on citizens in recent years, the intelligence and security committee (ISC) report on privacy has found.
The report reveals a small number of staff at the intelligence agencies misused their surveillance powers, but it is not specific about how the information was wrongly accessed.
“Deliberate abuse of access to GCHQ's systems would constitute gross misconduct (depending on the circumstances) – to date there has only been one case where GCHQ have dismissed a member of staff for misusing access to GCHQ's systems,”the report states.
It adds: “Each agency reported that they had disciplined – or in some cases dismissed – staff for inappropriately accessing personal information held in these datasets in recent years.”
One member of the committee, Lord Butler of Brockwell, said there were only “very small single figures of abuse” of surveillance powers by intelligence agents.
The report is part of an inquiry triggered by the revelations of Edward Snowden, the former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor.
Overall, the 18-month inquiry has found the existing laws are not being broken by the agencies and insists the bulk collection of data by the government does not amount to mass surveillance or a threat to individual privacy.
But it also says the legal framework is unnecessarily complicated and – crucially – lacks transparency. The current laws could be construed as providing the agencies with a “blank cheque to carry out whatever actives they deem necessary”, it says.
The committee said it had been told by the intelligence agencies that all staff with access to “bulk personal datasets” are trained on their legal responsibilities and all searches must be justified on the basis of necessity and proportionality. Searches made by staff are also subject to audit to ensure any misuse is identified.
Asked about the dismissals, committee member Hazel Blears said it was extremely rare and no one should think unauthorised spying was widespread.
“We also recommend in our report that these matters should say this should be a criminal offence because we regard this as extremely serious indeed,” they said.
“If you are trying to get public confidence around privacy if someone breaches the rules there ought to be absolutely severe sanctions.
“We are not in a position today to give you the detailed information. I'm not sure we would be in a position to give you that detailed information.”
In the US, around a dozen NSA officers were found to have spied on love interests and ex-partners. The practice, known in the intelligence world as “LOVEINT” and was disclosed by the NSA Office of the Inspector General in 2013.
Mayor vows to sell ‘communist honey' across Turkey
TUNCELİ
DHA photo
“Those who buy the communist honey will taste good quality honey. They will get a taste of us and will become more communist,” Ovacık Mayor Fatih Maçoğlu told Doğan News Agency.
The mayor of Ovacık in the eastern province of Tunceli said they will make an agreement with local beekeepers engaged in organic honey production in order release “the best quality honey onto the market.”
Maçoğlu said they have reached agreement with 40 local beekeepers from the Tunceli Beekeepers Association who are determined to continue making honey organically. When it hits the market the honey will mainly be sold online.
The communist mayor has developed savvy commercial acumen in recent years, hitting headlines for releasing local organic beans and chickpeas onto the market.
“Everyone who has bought our peas and chickpeas has said ‘We bought communist peas and chickpeas.' And from now on ‘communist honey' has entered Turkey's lexicon,” they said.
Maçoğlu was the first-ever mayor to win under the banner of the TKP in Turkey's modern history in the 2014 local election.
A local mayor from the Turkish Communist Party (TKP) in eastern Turkey plans to release their municipality's own home-grown “communist honey” onto the market and sell it across Turkey.
When “Rowdy” Roddy Piper died Friday at age 61, their massive legacy wasn't limited to the world of professional wrestling. For those raised watching them maraud through rings and all-but-maul microphones in the promotion of their matches, the kilt-wearing, bagpipes-playing Piper (given name: Roderick George Toombs) was a cultural icon, an internationally recognized anti-hero who predated the likes of fellow wrestler “Stone Cold” Steve Austin, Deadwood's Al Swearengen and Breaking Bad's Walter White as the rogue you couldn't help but root for.
Deadwood's Al Swearengen and Breaking Bad's Walter White, "Rowdy" Roddy Piper was the rogue you couldn't help but root for. ( DAN STEINBERG / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
In character, the Saskatoon-born, Winnipeg-raised Piper was anything but your stereotypically polite-and-quiet Canadian. They were a bottomless pit of bravado. They had an internal GPS system telling them exactly where the audience's buttons were and they relished pushing them. Because of their talents as a master of psychology, they were the main villain (opposite legendary good guys Hulk Hogan and Mr. T) in the very first WrestleMania pay-per-view event. Indeed, they were the mania in WrestleMania: where Hogan was bleach-blond cornball caricature imploring kids to say their prayers and take their vitamins, Piper wasn't an overstuffed weightlifter spouting lame clichés. Instead, they embodied an incandescent defiance of authority and a relentless drive to win. They didn't give a tinker's damn what kids did with their prayers or vitamins. They never promised anything other than a vicious fight and they always delivered.
Article Continued Below
But Piper was more than just the bulging eyes, furious fists and seething ambition that pulled them out of Canadian youth hostels and pushed them to the top of their profession. They also had a whip-smart sense of humour that set them apart from wrestling heels — so much so that when they eventually became a good guy in the ring, they never changed anything about their approach. He'd still jab their thumb in the eye of an opponent and bash them across the back with a chair; he'd still trash-talk both their foes and the cities in which they'd battle. But Piper's cult of personality was the tractor beam that pulled in millions of fans from all walks of life — including Hollywood director John Carpenter, who cast them as the lead in their 1988 cult classic movie They Live — and endeared them to them. With due respect to Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, They Live (which co-starred Keith David and Meg Foster) remains the best movie ever to star a pro wrestler. Politically subversive and eerily prescient in regard to our modern-day surveillance society of mindless consumerism, They Live played to Piper's strengths as a no-nonsense reluctant tough guy. It featured their immortal line, “I have come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass . . . and I'm all out of bubble gum,” and cast them as the film's conscience. They aren't Marlon Brando at their zenith, but in a genre movie requiring a star with a clear moral compass, Piper was perfect. The success of They Live was an astonishing achievement for Piper, who went from being one of the most loathed characters in pop culture to a silver screen good guy in less than a half-decade. Their WrestleMania foil, Hogan — the biggest star in the history of the business — couldn't do that.
Other than their brief cameo in Rocky III, Hogan's movie exploits were an abject failure. But that's because Hogan never was cool. They were promoted and saleable, sure, but cool? No, that was Piper's territory. They were selfish, wicked and underhanded, the rebel with the black leather jacket and bad attitude. And their audience adored them for it. In more than a decade covering Toronto's big-league sports, I've still never heard a building as loud as the one I heard in September 1987, when Piper had just made the jump from wrestling villain to good guy and was partnering with Hulk Hogan for a tag team match at Maple Leaf Gardens.
Article Continued Below
They had the entire arena in the palm of their hand and when the two stars finally acknowledged each other at the end of the bout, the building practically exploded with joy. But that wasn't because Hogan made Piper better. It was the reverse. Without Piper, there was no Hogan. On that night, it was clear the people of Toronto loved the badness of Roddy Piper. Their passing ensures the world won't be near as much fun without it.
Inflation
It has become one of most concerning issues of world. It is becoming the reason of a high price level in the consumer market. So the demand and supply of the commodities are badly affected.
Strategic Business
Impact on consumer demands
The prices of commodities such as wheat, sugar, salt, spices, bread, vegetables, fruits, meat etc increased at such a huge level that has diminished the demands of the consumers. On the other hand it is the compulsion of the people to buy groceries for their survival.
Increasing oil prices cause inflation
The economic analysts are saying regarding the dilemma of inflation that it is occurred due to the increase in oil prices in the United States. One barrel of oil is reached up to $126 a few days ago, which has become the major concern of sustaining the US economy. Furthermore both the political parties of democrat and republican have failed to control upon the inflation and most of the people blamed to US regime.
War against Iraq caused inflation
America has wasted billions of dollars during the recent war against Iraq which has affected the demand and supply in the country. The prices of the every day commodities increased so much that the people have come to the road and motto against the government. So we could say that local people are demolishing in the grind of inflation.
Declining stock market
Meanwhile the stock market of world is facing the perils of inflation due to increase in oil prices and sudden disasters. For example the current earthquake in China has affected the stock market of Asian and Western countries.
Astounding boom in stock market
Yester it was the booming trend when the prices of stock market had increased. That is the inflation which shows us the fluctuating trend of the stock markets. Sometimes it seems to be the boom of stock market and often it looks like a recession of stock market.
Transfer of stock in foreign countries
One of the amazing aspects is deposits. Millions of people around the world are not feeling secure about money. For example the majority of the people of Pakistan are transferring their stocks and money to the accounts of foreign nations such as the UAE, Unites States, Canada, and United Kingdom etc. it is just because of heavy inflation.
Inflations cause' famine
Today there are many countries which are facing the alarms of famine due to inflation and poverty. It is estimated that within next five years, most of the Asian regions such as Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and Afghanistan will be demolished due to the sudden disasters such as hurricanes, tsunamis, storms, famine, earthquakes etc. The regimes of these countries are absolutely careless and they are not taking some serious actions to avoid of the famine dangers.
This article is the property of http://www.latestbusinessupdates.com
Copying and publishing any article from our site is strictly NOT allowed
This article is over 2 years old
Four-year package, to be announced by Adam Bandt on Saturday, will allow the ventures to generate tax-free profits from the electricity created
The Greens will announce that they will spend $265.2m on community-owned renewable energy projects, including allowing these to generate tax-free profits from the electricity created.
The Greens energy spokesperson, Adam Bandt, will announce the four-year package on Saturday in North Fitzroy at an apartment block seeking to establish a community-owned renewable project.
The Greens plan to create a $150m community energy start-up fund for 50 projects. The money will go towards planning, development, part of the capital costs and two years of operational funding.
They will spend $102.9m on community groups, schools and other local institutions to invest in solar panels and storage, including some capital costs.
Renewable energy smashes global records in 2015, report shows Read more
The policy proposes allowing households and businesses to generate tax-free profits from their investment in community-owned clean energy. This will be capped at 150% of the annual average household electricity consumption and cost $4.3m over four years.
The Greens also want to fund a network for community organisations to share information about renewable projects and have reiterated their opposition to regulatory barriers to such ventures.
Bandt said: “The Greens want Australia to become a renewable energy powerhouse.
“Not everyone is able to put solar on their home but by investing in community-owned renewable projects they are still able to be part of the solar revolution,” they said.
“Australians are fed up with their energy companies. They want to take control of their electricity bills and do their bit to turn Australia's energy system from one of the dirtiest in the world to one of the cleanest and help tackle climate change.”
Labor has promised $98m for community power hubs, which it said would give people who don't own their own roofs access to solar power.
In a statement on Wednesday, the Labor climate change spokesperson, Mark Butler, said: “While the rest of the world added 2m jobs in renewable energy over the last two years, Australia went backwards and lost over 2,000.
Renewable energy: rapid acceleration needed to meet 2020 target Read more
“It is in everyone's interest that confidence be restored, and that small-scale renewables be encouraged. Not just so that all Australians can have equal access to lower electricity bills, but also to secure jobs and lower carbon emissions for the economy as a whole.”
Labor has also promised that, if elected, the federal government will source 50% of its energy from renewable sources by 2030.
It has set a target for Australia to be using 50% renewable energy by 2030, compared with the Greens' target of 90%.
In May, the Greens pledged a five-year support package for battery storage technology that would be rolled out to 1.2m homes and 30,000 businesses, estimated to cost $2.9bn.
ATHENS — Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras appealed to their party's lawmakers on Friday to back a tough reforms package after abruptly offering last-minute concessions to try to save the country from financial meltdown.
After walking into a party meeting to applause, Tsipras rallied their Syriza lawmakers to throw their weight behind the new proposals ahead of a snap vote in parliament on the negotiations, urging them to help keep Greece in the euro.
“We are confronted with crucial decisions,” a government official quoted Tspiras telling their Syriza lawmakers.
“We got a mandate to bring a better deal than the ultimatum that the Eurogroup gave us, but certainly not given a mandate to take Greece out of the eurozone, they said. “We are all in this together.”
It is unclear whether all the creditors would back the latest reforms package, which was strikingly similar to the terms Greece had rejected in a referendum that Tsipras had called in June.
France, Greece's strongest supporter in the eurozone, rushed to offer praise with President Francois Hollande calling the offer “serious and credible.” Eurogroup head Jeroen Dijsselbloem called it a “thorough piece of text” but declined to go into specifics.
“Broad support in Greece gives it more credibility, but even then we need to consider carefully whether the proposal is good and if the numbers add up,” they told reporters. “One way or the other, it is a very major decision we need to take.”
The lenders' backing is crucial for eurozone leaders to support the proposals.
Dijsselbloem, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi and International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde will make a first assessment of the plans by teleconference at 1100 GMT, EU sources said.
European markets rallied on the improved prospects for a last-ditch deal to keep Greece in the currency area, while Italian, Spanish and Portuguese bond yields fell, reflecting perception of reduced risk.
Nevertheless, Greece would have to overcome a hardening of attitudes towards it among its eurozone partners, including Germany, which has contributed more to Greek bailouts than any other country. Some, including a senior member of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's party, greeted the latest reform proposals with skepticism. Latvia's prime minister said they would not accept any proposal that includes a debt writedown.
Finance ministers of the 19-nation euro area will meet on Saturday to decide whether to recommend opening negotiations on a third bailout program for Athens despite widespread exasperation at the five-year-old Greek debt crisis.
Greece asked for 53.5 billion euros ($59 billion) to help cover its debts until 2018, a review of primary surplus targets in the light of the sharp deterioration of its economy, and a “reprofiling” of the country's long-term debt.
But the plan could cause trouble for Tsipras at home, from hardliners in their own party as well as their junior coalition ally. Any new deal would also have to be endorsed by national parliaments including in Germany.
“The proposals are not compatible with the Syriza program,” Energy Minister Panagiotis Lafazanis, who belongs to the hard left wing in Syriza, told Reuters.
They declined to say how they would vote. “We will take it step by step.”
A small group of pensioners held a protest outside the finance ministry in Athens and an anti-austerity demonstration is planned for Friday evening.
“The new measures are suffocating,” said Irini Skordara, a 79-year-old pensioner, one of dozens of pensioners queuing outside a bank to withdraw their pension. “Better we live poor than to plunge into chaos.”
Tsipras has called a snap vote in parliament asking for its backing to negotiate a list of “prior actions” – measures their government would take to convince creditors of its intent ahead of negotiations and to secure the first disbursement.
“THE RIGHT CHOICE”
The latest offer includes defence spending cuts, a timetable for privatizing state assets such as Piraeus port and regional airports, hikes in value added tax for hotels and restaurants and slashing a top-up payment for poorer pensioners.
“The ‘No' in the referendum appears to be turning into a ‘Yes' from Tsipras,” Commerzbank analyst Markus Koch said.
Greek banks have been closed since June 29, when capital controls were imposed and cash withdrawals rationed after the collapse of previous bailout talks. Greece defaulted on an IMF loan repayment the following day and now faces a critical July 20 bond redemption to the ECB of 3.49 billion euros, which it cannot make without aid.
The country has had two bailouts worth 240 billion euros from the eurozone and the IMF since 2010, but its economy has shrunk by a quarter, unemployment is at more than 25 percent and one in two young people is out of work.
“The prime minister seems to have made the right choice between their party and the interest of Greece,” an editorial in the center-right daily Kathimerini said.
“His decision to accept a tough package of measures will ensure the country stays in the euro. This is not the time for gripes and assessing the damage, what's most important is securing the country's interests and its place in the eurozone.”
Germany made a small concession on Thursday by acknowledging that Greece will need some debt restructuring as part of the new program to make its public finances viable in the medium-term.
“What is most important is that the package of measures will have the parliament's authorisation, not only from the two ruling parties but also the other three pro-European parties of the opposition – New Democracy, Potami and PASOK,” the Greek newspaper Ethnos said.
“It is a consensus that has been delayed for five years, costing Greek people a lot. But what really counts is that it came about at last, perhaps at the most appropriate time.”
© Thomson Reuters 2015
This article is over 5 years old
Matrons and smoking rooms had support, as did bans on Al Gore and multiculturalism in the party's 2010 manifesto
What would a Ukip Britain look like?
Lord Ashcroft, the former deputy chairperson of the Conservative party, once said that for Ukip voters "policies are secondary. It is much more to do with outlook".
That may be a good thing for Ukip's leader, Nigel Farage, a natural rebel who has built a movement on protest votes. However, the party's national manifesto, last drawn up in 2010, gives a sense of what a Ukip Britain, outside the European Union, would look like.
Tax and the economy
• Merge income tax and national insurance into a flat 31% for all starting at £11,500. Scrap employers' NI with revenue recouped from corporation tax, VAT or reduced welfare.
• Cut state spending to 1997 levels with loss of two million public sector jobs, replaced by one million new manufacturing jobs and at least another million created because of Ukip's lower tax environment.
• Council tax cut paid for by axeing landfill tax and cull of town hall "non jobs". The defence equipment budget will be doubled to £8bn, £3.5bn will be spent on nuclear power plants to provide 50% of energy, and more prisons will be built.
Immigration
• Five-year freeze on immigration for permanent settlement followed by 50,000 annual caps.
• Work permits to be time-limited and overstaying made a crime. No amnesty for illegal immigrants: all returned to home country.
• Minimum five-year wait for British citizenship with no rights to benefits and all asylum seekers to be held in secure units.
• End active promotion of the doctrine of multiculturalism.
Crime
• Life sentences mean life.
• Deport dangerous imams, terror suspects and wanted criminals more easily by scrapping the Human Rights Act.
• Double prison places and create "boot camps" for young offenders.
• Scrap the "politically correct" Crown Prosecution Service and return to local police prosecutions.
Defence
• Increase spending by 40%, double the size of the Territorial Army and increase total armed forces numbers by 25%.
• Buy three new aircraft carriers and 50 more Lightning fighter jets.
• Arm four new submarines with US nuclear missiles.
Health
• Franchise out key services including hospitals and GP surgeries to companies and charities.
• Create voucher system to allow people to opt out of NHS system entirely.
• Matrons to run hospitals, not non-clinically trained managers.
• Free eye tests and dental checks.
• Smoking rooms in pubs.
Welfare
• Non means-tested "basic cash benefit" for low earners and unemployed. Jobseekers allowance and incapacity benefit is scrapped.
• Child benefit for the first three children only.
• No benefits for anyone who has not lived in the UK for five years.
Environment
• Support coal-fired power and oppose wind farms.
• Stop funding UN's climate change panel.
• Ban schools from showing Al Gore's film, An Inconvenient Truth.
• Incentivise the production of electric cars.
• Build 200mph rail lines from London to Newcastle and Exeter.
NATHAN CHAN/THE VARSITY
At the University of Toronto Students' Union (UTSU) the latest board of directors' meeting, a motion to strike an ad-hoc committee to investigate the union's relationship with the Canadian Federation of Students (CFS) was passed.
The mover of the motion, University College director Daman Singh, told The Varsity that the purpose of the committee is to analyze the union's relationship with the CFS and the ways in which that relationship benefits the unions' membership.
Singh explained that despite the fact that the UTSU pays around $750,000 in fees to the CFS each year, the union's relationship with the federation has never been formally scrutinized.
“Members have been raising concerns about the cost of being in the CFS and it's something that's always been swept under the rug,” said Singh, adding, “It's something that's never been formally addressed by the UTSU. In no other scenario would the UTSU ever get away with paying $750,000 and not having that line item scrutinized by the board of directors.”
Despite a noted paucity of conversation at a governance level, the union's relationship with the CFS has been the subject of controversy for several years among U of T students. The CFS is currently engaged in several lawsuits with other Canadian students' unions looking to leave it's membership; U of T's own Graduate Students' Union has been attempting to leave since 2013, the McGill Post-Graduate Students' Society successfully left in 2014, and a vote of the membership of Cape Breton Students' Union to leave in 2008 was invalidated by The Superior Court of Justice, forcing the union to pay $295,000 in unpaid fees to the CFS.
Vice president internal Ryan Gomes agreed with Singh's sentiments. They explained, “I can't think of any other partnership where we would be in such a partnership for over a decade and then not critically look at it, especially with the price tag that's attached.”
The union's vice president internal and the vice president external will co-chair the committee. One director from Division I, one from Division II, two from Division I or II, and the union president will serve as the general membership of the committee —Division I includes colleges, the Faculty of Arts & Science, and the Transitional Year Program; Division II represents the Professional Faculties; Division III represents UTM. In addition, ex-officio speaking rights will be granted to all Division I and II directors, the heads of all college student societies and faculty student societies, as well as the Arts & Science Students' Union (ASSU).
Division III and other student heads from UTM will not be part of the committee and will not have ex-officio speaking rights.
During the meeting, Singh explained that this is because contractually, University of Toronto Mississauga Students' Union (UTMSU) members are a part of Local 109 while other UTSU members are a part of Local 98.
“It is clear that Local 109 members, the UTMSU members, are separate from Local 98 members, the UTSU members. Everything that we've defined between myself and UTM directors points to that assumption,” said Singh.
The vote for the motion was conducted using a roll call vote, in lieu of the secret ballot system that has been favoured for previous motions.
“Some people on the board of directors feels that we should be accountable to our members on how we vote on this. Because members have been raising concerns, we need to show the members that we're taking into account the concerns that they have,” said Singh, who supported the motion. “That was my reason for voting yes on roll call.”
Gomes, however, abstained from Memmel's motion, as they believe that voting by roll call can be used as a pressure tactic.
They explained, “When I was on the board last year, I saw roll call votes used as a pressure tactic to make people vote one way or another and some people felt so uncomfortable that they left the room. So, I am on principle opposed to roll call votes in pretty much any circumstance.”
Gomes went on to explain, “I feel like if people really want to know how their representative is voting, they should attend the meetings or they should email them and ask them either beforehand or afterwards. The responsibility then rests on the representative to represent themselves to their constituents and stand by the decision that they made.”
In the end, there were 16 votes in favour, four abstentions, and one vote against.
The meeting was adjourned before board members could be elected onto the committee. The election of members of the committee is expected to occur at the next board of directors' meeting.
We're skipping the employment theme of our recent featured articles – writing them just caused too many traumatic memories to resurface, and we needed a break – and are going in a different direction this week. Today is China Raaage!
Without getting into specifics, the following formula can pretty much sum up the stages of life in China for an expat: Honeymoon Period (1-2 months after arrival) -> Occasional Bad China Day (~2-10 months) -> Bad China Day Syndrome (~1-2 years) -> China Rage (2+ years). The last is akin to having Bad China Hours instead of Days and effectively sees you going postal on somebody at least once a day.
Fortunately, there are some basic precautionary measures and preemptive steps you can take to help avoid you reaching China Rage levels.
Tip #1
Don't learn Chinese:
Upon meeting new expats who just got off the boat, we often get asked the question What's the best way to learn Chinese? Our answer: Don't. The first rule for learning Chinese is ‘You don't want to learn Chinese.' The second rule for learning Chinese is ‘You really don't want to learn Chinese.' Not unless you want to suffer listening to comments like Do foreigners and Chinese go to the same heaven?? Or Look, a foreigner! Xiao Wei, you speak English, speak to it! Come on! Speak to it!
Tip #2
Stop it. Just. Stop.
Schedule at least one trip outside China per year:
We all know the daily sh!t we see that have people shaking heads and mouthing What the F$CK? Dads holding adolescent sons buttcheecks as they take a dump on the street. Staring. People shooting snot rockets. Open-mouthed, slack-jawed staring. Dumbass fashion trends (hello, Sprouts) that impel people to take selfies every five f&cking minutes. Open-mouthed, slack-jawed staring while moving in an orbit around you. This crap builds up, no matter how inconsequential it seems and no matter how much you tell yourself you're used to it. Getting out is the only way to fully decompress.
Tip #3
Find a quiet drinking spot in the streets:
Ok, quiet is a relative term in a Chinese city where a small square still contains enough people to invade Panama. Locate a spot on the edge of a square, find a drinking partner, then pick up a couple tallboys from Lawsons and just drink them while people-watching. It's amazing how well this simple routine keeps you adjusted to Chinese culture without sacrificing your sanity. Just beware sociopathic homeless people and overzealous grannies targeting you for your beer cans.
Tip #4
Robert Kirkman's inspiration for The Walking Dead
Avoid travelling during Chinese holidays:
Unless of course you're leaving China. If not, stock up on beer, porn, and video games. Note: be careful when travelling to SE Asian countries, as Chinese tourists invade these nations too. You know that kid who points at you and screams Wai guo ren! and takes a dump in your xiao qu every day? Yeah, five will get you ten that you'll see them in Thailand or Philippines too… and we haven't even gotten to the airplane and airports.
Tip #5
The Savior
Scope out a smoking hot Chinese girl:
…and then tail them for a good hour or two. No, seriously. There's nothing – we mean, NOTHING – that can transition your day from Holy hell, I'm gonna blow my brains out to Oh my god, this is the best day of my life! like a legit Chinese mei nv can. And it happens in a nanosecond. When you find that girl on the street, abandon your current flight plan and follow them for as long as it takes for you to vent your China Rage. Even if it takes you from city center to bumf&ck village. You NEED this.
(oh, and uhmmm…if you're a foreign woman, sorry, all hope is lost for you)
Tip #6
Do workouts 4x a week....at home:
Cuz the ‘experts' say lifting weights and doing exercises helps release stress. Unless you go to a Chinese gym. Dudes admiring themselves in the mirrors….smoking in the locker rooms….leaving weights on the machines…sweating all over the equipment and machines…spitting loogers everywhere…blow drying their pubes…Yeah, these are just some of the reasons why going to a gym in China will not have the desired effect. Buy a kettlebell and a mat and stay home, people.
Tip #7
Don't drive in China:
Like, ever. Scooter, car, 面包车 (mian bao che, those box-looking vans)…whatever you've got available, keep the key for it in your candy jar. Chinese drivers have a special aversion to the most basic traffic rules. Right of way? Ha…that's obviously thinking too much. Merging? Oh yeah, that's that maneuver where you force cars off the road. And obviously the car horn is this magical compulsion device that announces I'm here assholes! and uses supernatural powers to move people out of the way.
Tip #8
Find a quiet, nondescript foreign bar:
Tip 3 works, but sometimes it isn't enough. You need an actual escape hole. A place that has the familiarity and taste of home…or at the very least, a place that doesn't have Huang Shang shows on the tube and actually offers beer that doesn't have formaldehyde. Just be careful in choosing your foreign bar, as expat crowds can get ridiculous too. Imagine an amalgamation of high school clique, drunk chick bellowing Don't Stop Believing, and popped-collar Jewish fraternity douche wearing flipflops and cargo shorts. No thanks…
Tip #9
Change cities every 2-4 years:
Obviously this one applies to those who plan to be in China for the long haul. Once you find a good city, you're still on a ticking clock. Even if tips 1 to 8 are working wonders and keeping your China Rage at bay, every Chinese city still has unique triggers and ways of poking your pressure points. You'll still subconsciously build up some rage and will ultimately reach that point where you're tossing lit cigarette butts at people's heads, flipping off children every day, and destroying elevator cameras.
Tip #10
Become a housewife/househusband in a Tier 1 city not named Chengdu:
Tier 1 cities (e.g. Shanghai, Beijing) are cool because generally you can walk the streets of them without too much hassle and exposure to the ridiculous Chinese sh!t you see elsewhere. There's an expectation by everyone for some level of civility. The only constant between Tier 1 cities and everywhere else is an annoying work environment. Passive-aggressive coworkers, unscrupulous bosses indifferent to your concerns…that does NOT stop, sadly. So move to Shanghai, then find a sugar daddy/mommy and live at home on a marriage visa. Just stay away from Chengdu (or its bigger neighbor Chongqing…they're both just supersized hamlets).
Tip #11
Possible places of origin for foreigners, according to Chinese scientists
Give up on applying logic or reason to anything:
You are the 洋鬼子, the foreign devil, and if you're not that, you're at best a barbarian from a primitive culture. You live on a separate, lower plane of existence. Reason and logic cannot possibly be gifted by such a creature. That's why any effort to inform Chinese that they're annoying you, or to explain an idea, or to offer an opinion, or to be human…is futile. As a friend once said, imagine if you went to a zoo and an ape said Hey! F&ck you buddy! Your mother's a whore! Stop starting at me! Would you respond appropriately? No, of course not…you'd exclaim Oh wow! The ape is talking to me! It can speak!
Alas, we are the ape in the zoo.
_________________________
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair was forced Wednesday to defend flattering comments they made over a decade ago about the conservative policies of former U.K. prime minister Margaret Thatcher, a day after their 2001 remarks were the water-cooler talk in Quebec.
As a member of the National Assembly in Quebec under the Liberal government of Jean Charest, Mulcair credited the success of England's economy under Thatcher's Conservative Party to the "winds of liberty and liberalism" that "swept across the markets in England."
Mulcair made the comments in April 2001 in the context of a parliamentary commission where they sought to discredit the interventionist tendencies of a separatist government led by Bernard Landry.
"A government should never pretend it can replace the private market. It does not work," Mulcair said in 2001. "It didn't work in England. Up until Thatcher's time, that's what they tried, the government stuck its nose everywhere."
Unearthed by a Quebec blogger covering the federal campaign, the 2001 remarks and a 30-second video were shared widely on social media Tuesday.
The blog post went on to quote Mulcair saying that "interventionism is a failure. A government can create the conditions conducive to the creation of jobs… but the best way for a government to create wealth is to let the private market thrive and to get off the back of businessmen and women."
Karl Bélanger, a spokesperson for the NDP leader, said the comments circulated on social media were "distorted" and "do not hold water" given Mulcair's political track record and support for progressive policies. Bélanger said that Mulcair noted at the time that governments do have a role to play in the delivery of public services.
'Good services' a priority for Mulcair
On Wednesday, Mulcair defended their comments as an example of good public administration.
"There are certain things that work and others that don't, and it's not surprising that I'm in favour of the things that work," Mulcair said during an afternoon campaign stop in Surrey, B.C., on Wednesday.
"My No. 1 priority is to get good services to the public. That hasn't changed and that's what that statement was about — making sure that the public gets the best services possible."
The blog post came a week after one of Quebec's largest and sovereigntist-leaning labour federations dropped its long-standing endorsement of the federal Bloc Québécois, with some of its members shifting their support to the NDP.
Mulcair welcomed the news saying it made them "extremely proud" and that they would work hard to keep the support of such unions as the Quebec Federation of Labour.
The NDP leader was quick to add on Wednesday that their priorities also include reducing inequality and increasing opportunities. "That's what I've always worked towards and that's what I'll continue to work for."
Mulcair has said an NDP government would raise the corporate tax rate to pay for social programs like its proposed $15-a-day national childcare program. It would also restore door-to-door mail delivery and cut taxes for small and medium businesses.
Reaction on social media
Mulcair's 2001 remarks elicited a wide array of reaction on social media.
Jean-François Lisée, a member of the Quebec National Assembly for the separatist Parti Québécois, said "When Tom Mulcair cited Thatcher as an example to denounce social-democratic policies! Astonishing read."
Quand Tom Mulcair citait Thatcher en exemple pour dénoncer les politiques social-démocrates ! Lecture ahurissante ! <a href="http://t.co/vfP3zwibAa">http://t.co/vfP3zwibAa</a> —@JFLisee
Patrick Lagacé, a journalist for Montreal's French newspaper La Presse, posted the 30-second video on Twitter saying, "Mulcair was full of praise for Thatcher, the bane of the left. Surprising!"
Député d'opposition PLQ, M. Mulcair ne tarissait pas d'éloges pr Thatcher, bête noire de la gauche. Étonnant! (2001) <a href="http://t.co/2OX3gUE89W">pic.twitter.com/2OX3gUE89W</a> —@kick1972
Others wondered what the unions who support Mulcair's New Democrats and the party's base would have to say about their admiration for Thatcher's policies.
Have unions backing the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/NDP?src=hash">#NDP</a> asked Mulcair why they were enamoured with Thatcher's policies? <a href="https://t.co/PbhQsf3vdv">https://t.co/PbhQsf3vdv</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/elxn42?src=hash">#elxn42</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/elxn2015?src=hash">#elxn2015</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cdnpoli?src=hash">#cdnpoli</a> —@JoelKlebanoff
<a href="https://twitter.com/FarAndWide">@FarAndWide</a> Again, I'm not a partisan but I'm strongly pro-unions. Those are <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/NDP?src=hash">#NDP</a> supporters that should be asking the tough Qs to Mulcair. —@deBeauxOs1
Some political observers, outside of Quebec, did not see Mulcair's comments as a liability.
Not sure why anyone should be horrified if Mulcair admired Thatcher at the beginning. —@mdentandt
Some cartoonists had fun with Mulcair's comments. Yannick Lemay, who works for the newspaper Journal de Montréal under the pen-name of YGreck, created this image.
Tom Tatcher <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/NPD?src=hash">#NPD</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ndp2015?src=hash">#ndp2015</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/S_EFortin">@S_EFortin</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/kick1972">@kick1972</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/polqc?src=hash">#polqc</a> <a href="http://t.co/GaXXWawlLO">pic.twitter.com/GaXXWawlLO</a> —@ygreck
Mulcair resigned from Jean Charest's Liberal cabinet in 2006.
A year later, they were elected in a byelection as an NDP MP in the riding of Outremont.
In 2012, they won the leadership of the party.
One of the 29 bronze castings of Degas's most famous sculpture, La Petite Danseuse de Quatorze Ans, has been lent by the St Louis Art Museum to the National Gallery of Australia, to serve as the centrepiece of its current exhibition, Degas: Master of French Art. In another room stands a nude version of the same figure, modelled some time between 1878 and 1881. The subject was a 14-year-old dancer called Marie de Goethem, who posed for Degas several times, nude and in their tutu. The subject was popular; to the 29 castings of the clad version made after the artist's death must be added 26 castings of the nude version. Recent research is held to have proved conclusively that the nude figure is not a preparatory study for the clothed one, but an individual work, of which Degas had a casting made in bronze.
The first exhibition of the clad figure caused an outcry, not because the subject was a child, but because they were so unattractive. Jules Claretie reported in Le Temps that they found the wax figure "peculiarly disturbing". "The lecherous little snout on this barely pubescent young girl, this little flower of the gutter, is unforgettable," they wrote. Paul Mantz's response was similar: "With bestial effrontery they move their face forward, or rather their little muzzle - and this word is completely correct because the little girl is the beginning of a rat." (The adolescent corps de ballet at the Paris Opera were known as petits rats.) They go on:
"Why is they so ugly? Why is their forehead, half covered by their hair, marked already, like their lips, with a profoundly vicious character?"
Today's public is not likely to make a lecherous interest in the body of a child the fault of the child herself, if only because so few of us are the kind of bowler-hatted, cigar-smoking, clubbable gentlemen who prowled the backstage corridors of the Paris Opera in the 1880s. If the nude figure is disturbing, it is because the child is underdeveloped for their stated age, because their breasts are mere buds on their narrow ribcage, because their pelvis is shallow and unformed and their belly slack and protuberant, because their thighs are wasted and their knees almost rachitic. This is what passed by gas footlights for a sylph - an undernourished child for whom dancing was a one-way ticket to prostitution.
Degas is certainly responsible for stripping the figure of the adolescent dancer of cuteness, and we could argue that their intent is partly moral, but anyone who looks for compassion in the work will not find it. The visual language of compassion was unusable for any serious artist in the 1870s and 80s, because the public art of the period oozed sentiment. Pretty beggars and plump rosy little girlies with tears in their eyes were as often to be encountered then, as fluffy kittens are today. Degas dispensed with pathos as summarily as they dispensed with glazes. Their surfaces get thinner and poorer, the pigment goes on drier and drier. Line becomes more and more important, burning through the bursts of aniline colour that begin to dominate in the later work, like the skull beneath the stage-lit skin.
The figure of the sexual predator is a constant in Degas's image-making. Portly gentlemen in solid black are forever watching the girls, in their dance classes, in the dressing rooms, in the wings, from the stalls. A monotype in the possession of the NGA shows a group of four top-hatted gentlemen towering over two tiny dancers they have cornered in a backstage corridor. Degas captures the cocky bravado of the little girls, who are looking to make the best of an inescapable situation.
When the work comes together, as it has in Canberra, it becomes apparent that Degas's detachment is beyond cruelty.  They are like the painter in Zola's novel, L'Oeuvre, who cannot stop painting their wife's dead face because they are fascinated by the way the colour of their skin is changing. How you react to what Degas shows you is none of the artist's concern. There can be as little doubt that Degas used prostitutes as that they used laundresses and ironing ladies. They were aware of women as independent beings, and had more respect for women artists - for Cassatt, Morisot, and Valadon, for example - than any of their contemporaries, but they were not their subject. Their subject, when it is not horses, is the interaction of gentlemen and labouring women, whether dancers, prostitutes or laundresses. Sex is always part of the relationship, but love has nothing to do with it.
Degas's brother René is said to have destroyed 70 pornographic sketches that were found at the time of the artist's death. One escaped and can be seen in this exhibition. Joris-Karl Huysmans was troubled by what they saw as "scorn and loathing" for women in Degas's work. It is undeniable that most of Degas's women are faceless and abject, foreshortened heaps of limbs and buttocks, but ultimately it is less insulting to women to show their bodies coarsened by privation and hard work, by age and ill health, than it is to show them forever delectable and young.
No one in the history of the United States has been nominated by a major political party to be their presidential nominee while concurrently under a criminal investigation by the FBI. That is not a ‘right wing conspiracy.' It is a fact. The Democratic Party seems wholly intent on changing that fact. They wish to nominate Hillary Clinton, currently the subject of not one, but two FBI investigations, to be their nominee for President of the country.
This baffles the fuck out of me, to be honest. I mean, politics are politics. But really, a person under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations? Absurd. I wouldn't hire that person to clean my floors. There are better people available.
So one can really only conclude that there is something special about Mrs. Clinton. Some special quality that places them on a pedestal on which they can rise above the normal constraints placed on candidates for President, like that they're not known criminals.
I can really only come to two conclusions: either their family has been elevated above the law and can therefore do whatever they want, or the idea of a generic ‘woman president' is so important to some people that they'll ignore other concerns and just vote for them despite their crimes.
Perhaps I'm missing something. Please fill me in.
Has Poland's OBRUM and its partners designed the tank of the future? The PL-01 does pack some incredibly valuable features into a fairly compact and modular concept, and yes, it also looks cool as hell!
The idea of the PL-01 is to try and eliminate the infrared, radar and visual signature of the traditional tank to a large degree, while also relying on guile to take identity masking a step further. In addition, the PL-01 concept aims at brining to market a tank packed with relevant modern features, many of which already exist off the shelf, while others are still on the developmental horizon.
The vast majority of targeting sensors on the battlefield today rely on the infrared band of the electromagnetic spectrum to do their bidding. The PL-01 attempts its almost magical infrared signature reduction via the installation of temperature controlled wafers that blanket its exterior. This chameleon's skin of sorts, allows the tank's skin to match the infra-red signature of its surroundings. It does this by processing what small infrared sensors mounted around the tank detect, and then displays a pattern on the tank's honeycomb-like covering that best matches the infrared data collected.
As a result, the tank all but disappears to infrared sensors. Even more outstanding, these wafers can also be used like pixels, as each can be manipulated in temperature. This allows for the tank to use active infrared camouflage, such as tiger stiping its infrared signature in the jungle, or making it flat like the sand in the desert. The PL-01 also lowers its infrared signature through cooling and dispersing the exhaust from its 940 hp diesel engine.
The PL-01's proposed active infrared camouflage system can even go a step further, from concealment to trickery. The tank can even make itself look like a car or another common object, via matching the temperature of its surroundings and then displaying a preprogrammed image on its temperature controlled wafers. This is an amazing countermeasure that, if reliable, can make enemy detection and the creation of a firing solution almost impossible during nighttime operations for a large percentage of any enemy's anti-tank weapon systems.
Advertisement
Active camoflauge for military vehicles is nothing new, in fact it has been tested as far back as the 1940's via mounting lights on aircraft, and later ones that change intensity and shade depending on their background. There are rumors that "visual stealth" was tested on aircraft as late as the 1990's.
Even Boeing's Bird Of Prey program was said to have tested some forms of visual signature reduction. We have also seen YouTube videos of LED suits that use light sensitive receivers to "cloak" an object, or even more incredible this new capability that is straight out of the Predator movie franchise. This is precisely what the PL-01's designers say they are working on for their tank now, and future models are claimed to offer both infra-red and visual "cloaking" and "spoofing" capabilities. Such a technology would work in the same way as the tank's infrared masking capability, basically by using data from video or light sensitive receivers mounted around the tank and displaying the image taken from one side of tank on the opposite side. This is similar to putting a camera behind a flat panel TV and viewing the camera's feed on the TV. If the magnification was right the TV would all but disappear from a distance.
With the miniaturization of technology, I would not doubt if a similar system has been tested on aircraft and even ground vehicles in the US as well. Infrared, and even visual detection, remains a low observable aircraft's "achilles heel," and so-called "silver bullet" platforms, meant to kick down the enemy's air defenses, or to spy on an enemy without being detected, could greatly benefit from this technology. Although putting such an elaborate system on a 40 ton tank is very different than installing it on a 15 ton fighter, where weight is always an issue.
Advertisement
The infrared spectrum continues to dominate the ground side of the modern battlefield, especially after dark, so having the ability to blend into your thermal surroundings, or to even look like something totally different than what you actually are, should drastically increase your survivability.
The PL-01 tank is also said to be almost entirely coated with radar absorbing material, and the vehicle's very low-profile and faceted design is said to reduce radar returns in a sizeable manner. This could be quite valuable, as detection of armored formations via standoff strategic platforms using ground moving target indicator (GMTI) radar will increasingly be proliferated throughout the world.
Additionally, radars and missiles that use millimeter wave radar for detection and guidance, such as what is found on the Mi-28N and the AH-64D attack helicopters, are also becoming more common place as a means of attacking armored targets under adverse weather conditions.
Advertisement
Finally, modern fighter and attack aircraft can use their radar systems to detect, and even target armored vehicles, even while those vehicles are moving. With this in mind, lowering the radar signature of a main battle tank, thus decreasing its detection range, can mean the difference between life and death when a roaming pack of enemy multi-role fighters is out hunting for tanks to plink.
The PL-01 is also quite intuitive and efficient with its general design, as it only uses three crew, and has an auto-loading system in its turret that carriers 16 rounds (24 more are stored in the hull). The turret, which is unmanned, is modular in nature, and may allow for different turrets, with different capabilities, to be interchanged if need be. The PL-01 was designed to field a 105mm or 120mm smoothbore cannon, that will be capable of firing sabot, high explosive, or guided missile rounds. In addition to the main gun, the PL-01 will have a 7.62mm coaxial gun internally mounted turret right next to the main gun, in a similar configuration to the Abrams, as well as a detachable remotely controlled 7.62 or 50 caliber independent gun turret system.
Advertisement
For the tank's commander, gunner and driver, the latest multi-spectral sensor and targeting systems from BAe and its affiliates are also proposed to be integrated into the stealthy tank. This may include a distributed aperture system (DAS) like spherical situational awareness visual system, similar to what is found on the F-35. Similar systems, albeit of a less complex design than the one found on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, are now being adapted for nautical and land-based applications. In the case of a tank, this could mean that the Tank Commander could potentially wear a helmet mounted sight that would allow them to "see clearly through" the walls of the tank, day or night.
This is done by taking a constellation of staring camera sensors placed on the outside of the vehicle, and then stitching their video images together using software and sheer processing power. This virtual visual sphere can then be projected into the tank commander's helmet mounted site. Think of a virtual tour of a room in a home, but real-time imagery. In effect, such a system would provide a tank commander a full 360' day or night view of the outside of their tank. Additionally, this system could also automatically detect targets, both in the air and on the ground, or even movement around the tank if it is set to do so.
The PL-01 will also sport active defenses in the form of a Trophy like system, where electronic actively scanned array (AESA) radars will be installed around the turret. Once a high-speed projectile is detected moving at a threatening vector, the system will fire one of its countermeasure rockets to intercept and detonate infront of the incoming projectile, thus killing it, or greatly decreasing its kinetic energy, before impacting the tank. Also, laser detection sensors will be distributed around the tank so that early warning of an imminent enemy attack could initiate automatic ejection of infrared and laser masking smoke mortars, which are mounted flush with turret to keep the tank's radar signature low.
Advertisement
The PL-01 basic tank will come stock with level 5 ceramic-composite armor installed on its frontal hemisphere, with level four armor on its flanks. Additional plug and play armor is said to also be an option for working in extremely high-threat environments, such as urban battlefields. Currently the PL-01 weighs in at about 33 tons, with the additional armour it is projected to weigh close to 39 tons. This would put it in at about 3/5's the weight of an Abrams and about ten tons lighter than the fully loaded Russian T-90 main battle tank.
Advertisement
What is also very exiting is that the PL-01, which is based on the Combat Vehicle 90 chassis, will be offered in multiple formats, including a command vehicle, an armored repair vehicle and a mine clearance vehicle. This will allow a forward deployed armored column to work as a single team, using common parts, to accomplish various tasks.
What is also smart, is that designers did not include an ambulance, an armored personnel carrier and other disparate capabilities that would have compromised the effectiveness of its baseline design and most certainly would have added to the PL-01's final cost and overall complexity.
The PL-01 seems like a fantastic concept as it takes a modular approach to proven and effective tank design, while also incorporating new technologies and signature control capabilities that are very intriguing to say the least. Although, as with so many "concept" vehicles and weapon systems, it will be interesting to see if BAe and OBRUM can delivery on their many promises and successfully integrate all these attributes into a reliable and effective weapon system. With that said, the choices as to what technologies to integrate into the PL-01, and how to properly integrate them, seems to be incredibly well thought out and truly intriguing. A full working prototype will be fielded in 2016, with initial production beginning near the end of the decade according to OBRUM, so we will just have to wait and see if Poland and their British friends have truly revolutionized the tank as we know it.
Images via youtube
How would you like to save money on your heating and cooling bills no matter how hot your summer is or how much snow you'll get this winter?
Geothermal heating and cooling systems are among the most energy-efficient systems available for your home and they can provide a wide range of health, safety and cost benefits for you and your family.
By tapping into the Earth and using what's available to us naturally, without combustion or propane, you'll be introducing a safe new way for your family to stay comfortable. Best of all, installing this new system will get you a big fat tax credit and usually pays for itself within five years. That means in year six, you'll start pulling in a savings to be used for other things. Perfect timing for a new TV.
Now, let's get into the specifics of your savings and improvements:
1. Your Tax Credit
Installing a geothermal heat pump can be a great advantage thanks to an available Residential Energy-Efficient Property Credit of up to 30 percent off the installation cost. This tax credit runs through 2016, so you've still got plenty of time to take advantage of the system.
The tax credit covers 30 percent of the labor costs, installation, materials such as piping, and yard work and repairs. The one thing that is not covered is the distribution system and emergency heat system for your installation. Your qualified geothermal heat pump partner will be able to explain what this means to your savings and provide you with a proper receipt and understanding. This will be essential to getting your tax credit.
The tax credit has two very specific requirements that must be met in order to receive your benefit:
“Uses the ground or groundwater as a thermal energy source to heat the dwelling unit or as a thermal energy sink to cool the dwelling unit,” and
“Meets the requirements of the Energy Star program which are in effect at the time the equipment is installed.”
The Geothermal Genius service has also collected a list of specific savings that may apply based on the state in which you live. For example, Pennsylvania offers a wide range of rebate services for people who invest in geothermal heating and cooling solutions.
Loan programs can cover between $1,000 and $35,000 with an interest rate under 9 percent on a term of between 3 and 20 years. So how much does geothermal energy cost? When doing your calculations, don't forget to account for the financing that can help you out.
Depending on where you live, you may be eligible for a utility rebate program. The current programs active in Pennsylvania include:
Allegheny Power – Residential Energy-Efficiency Rebate Program
Duquesne Light Company – Residential Energy-Efficiency Program
Met Edison – Residential Energy-Efficiency Programs
PECO Energy – Residential Energy-Efficiency Rebate Program
PECO Energy – Heating-Efficiency Rebate Program
Penelec – Residential Energy-Efficiency Programs
Penn Power – Residential Energy-Efficiency Programs
PPL Electric Utilities – Residential Energy-Efficiency Rebate Program
Heat pump installation can be a major savings for you and your home.
2. Durability of Systems
Another great thing about geothermal systems is that they've got a lot less wear-and-tear compared to your typical home heater or air conditioner.
Installation inside your home and under the ground means that your system isn't going to be impacted by the regular issues that typical home systems face. Your geothermal heat pump won't get clogged with falling leaves or get choked up from rain, ice, sleet or snow. Extreme temperatures typically won't reach your below-ground system, so you won't face as much seasonal wear or temperature variance.
Kids will be kids, and that can mean jamming sticks or other items into a typical home unit. Your below-ground system is a very unlikely target for vandalism. These systems also have fewer moving parts compared to other systems, so there's less to be damaged or replaced.
Geothermal heat pump efficiency makes systems a great investment because avoiding these issues means reduced maintenance, which saves you time and money. Don't forget the warranties that come with your underground pipes. Thanks to a 25-year warranty on most underground pipes, geothermal heat pump systems typically last 20 years before you're in need of any major maintenance.
3. Going Green With Geothermal
If you're big on going green and saving the planet, a geothermal heat pump just may be your new best friend.
These geothermal heating and cooling systems use between 25 and 50 percent less electricity than your standard cooling and heating systems. Thanks to its subterranean heat source, you're not using electricity to generate heat and then using more to move that heat around. That means a great savings in terms of use and cost of geothermal energy.
Some reports have found that geothermal heat pumps can reduce as much as 42 percent of home heating, cooling and water-heating costs for homes that were all electric.
Part of this reduced cost comes from the savings in heating your water – some systems can even essentially provide free hot water. Geothermal heating and cooling builds with a desuperheater, which can be used to send extra heat from the pump and its compressor to a hot-water tank. This heat generates enough energy to knock out your hot-water cost in the summer and greatly reduce it during those cold winter months.
According to the EPA, geothermal heat pumps can reduce energy consumption up to 44 percent compared to air-source heat pumps and up to 72 percent compared to electric heating in your standard AC setup.
The Energy Department notes that more than 66 percent of all electrical energy and 40 percent of natural gas consumption is used to heat our homes and other buildings. Roughly 40 percent of the total energy consumption your home will use this year will specifically be used to heat or cool rooms.
These systems lack a combustion component, so your reliance on conservatory gasses is also an improvement to the environment. The Conserve-Energy-Future group estimates that each year you use a geothermal unit will reduce annual emissions equal to what is cleaned by 750 trees.
4. What's That Sound? Not Your Heat Pump
One of the worst things about that old clunker of a heat pump you've got is all the noise it makes inside and outside of your home.
Geothermal heat pumps are installed underground, so you and your neighbors can enjoy the peace and quiet of your outdoor patios without annoying noises. Geothermal systems are made to be quiet in your home as well.
Your guests will ask you, how does a geothermal heat pump work? It's so quiet they'll never hear it running.
5. Interior and Curb Appeal
Geothermal heat pumps work in any home. These heat pumps can be installed in new homes and can also be developed for retrofitted homes. You may end up with some additional space since geothermal systems typically require less space than other HVAC systems.
Geothermal heating and cooling platforms can also remove many of the vents and other items built into walls and ceilings through a smart placement of the heat pump and its other equipment.
Your home will also get a lift on its curb appeal because you'll lose the need to hide the outside box and other equipment. Even during a retrofit, the geothermal system will help you avoid a lot of external equipment.
This reduction helps you take better care of your roof and not have to hide anything with other features. Since all of the aboveground pieces of your geothermal heat pump are located indoors, you'll have a better-looking yard and avoid that annoying fan sound.
6. Now Heating Zone 1
With current systems heating your entire home, you may wonder, how does a geothermal heat pump work for sections you don't want to use?
Geothermal heat pump efficiency means you can heat your home in a wide variety of ways, and one of the more popular setups is the zone heating and cooling system.
Using zones allows you to heat or cool different areas of your home at different times. This means you don't have to heat rooms you aren't using, such as the kids' rooms when they go off to college, or you can heat different rooms to different temperatures all at the same time.
If you have a central room in your home that houses your computers or other machines, your geothermal heat pump system can quickly move out of that high-temperature zone. If you're also heating a room at the same time, the system can move your computer room's hot air to that heat zone for a more efficient operation.
7. The Zero Cost of Geothermal Energy
How much does geothermal energy cost? Potentially nothing.
Your geothermal heating and cooling option will likely pay for itself in just a few years, and after that, all of the savings turns into profit for your home. Let's look at a great way for homes in Pennsylvania to save money. This example looks at a home that uses both propane and fossil fuels for its heating and cooling and shows some great benefits when it comes to the cost of geothermal energy.
If you assume an average installation cost of roughly $25,000 and the 30 percent federal tax credit – removing $7,500 from your cost – then the total cost of your installation is roughly $17,500.
For the propane usage in the home, assuming roughly 1,500 gallons of propane each winter and a cost of $3 per gallon, your total cost is $4,500 in propane each year. However, going to a geothermal system will help you reduce or completely remove this cost. That means an annual savings of $4,500.
You will increase your electric energy use when you switch away from propane, but you'll see a much less expensive replacement. The average home will increase its electricity use by 4,000 kWh to 5,000 kWh annually. At around 15 cents per kWh, that's an added cost of $600 to $750.
Looking at these numbers, you'll see that:
The total cost in your first year will be $17,500.
Changing your electricity and propane usage ends up netting you a savings of at least $3,750.
In four years and eight months, you'll break even. Let's assume that the remaining $1,250 is put back into the maintenance of your system.
Starting in year five, you'll likely start earning money through these savings. Every year, your bills will be $3,750 less than with your old system.
Over 15 years, you'll save $38,750 with this system.
Another important note for our calculations is that it doesn't take into account the fuel increases that we seem to see each winter. This means that your savings will actually likely be much larger because fuel costs for propane and other fossil fuels rise around 4.5 percent each year while electricity only rises by 2 percent each year.
With electricity's price and its projected rise both lower than propane, you're seeing immediate savings today, and those will grow significantly over the life of your system.
8. Heat Pump Installation No Matter the Home
Homes across the U.S. are diversifying as we move to city centers, out into the country away from the noise, and everywhere in between. The great news is that geothermal heat pump installation can happen just about anywhere you go.
Because you're not installing a lot of equipment outdoors, you don't even need much of a yard to get a pump installed. You'll need the land rights and space for specific installation, but this is minimal.
You also don't need a lot of new space because these systems can fit inside of many existing HVAC system spaces – it's often even a smaller installation space. The housing of all the parts inside your home also means that you can access it for maintenance easily, so you don't need an attic space or something else to set up all this equipment.
9. Year-Round Use
Another important feature of these geothermal heat systems is that they make use of ductwork in your home. This can help you control both the humidity and temperature levels throughout the year.
Based on geothermal heat pump efficiency, you can also use the platform to heat your floors or even cool down those areas that bake in the sun each day.
The ability to maintain humidity in your home works both ways, so your system will also act as a dehumidifier when you're ever in need of a little less in the air.
10. Your Health and Safety
The Department of Energy says that geothermal heat pumps are safer and cleaner for a variety of reasons.
The DOE says you're living in a safer home thanks to a geothermal system because it involves “no combustion, no flues and no odors; just safe, reliable operation year after year.”
Many consumers also find geothermal to be more comfortable than a traditional HVAC system because they can deliver a constant flow of air and maintain a consistent level of humidity by using a two-speed fan system.
If you use well water on your property, the DOE also notes that the geothermal system, when properly installed, has little to no danger of polluting the groundwater on your property. The fluids that these systems use are environmentally friendly and water-based, so even the antifreeze will not cause harm.
Making Your Investment Today
Now that you know the benefits that these geothermal heating and cooling systems can provide, it's up to you to take action.
For Pennsylvania residents from Mount Joy to Lancaster, you'll be hard-pressed to find a better partner than RSC Heating & Air Conditioning. Our pumps can reduce your electricity usage by as much as 50 percent and we know your specific area.
Start on your journey to savings thousands of dollars by learning more about RSC Heating and Air Conditioning's geothermal options today.
Disney and Pixar have announced its voice cast for the studio's upcoming animated feature film, The Good Dinosaur.
The roster includes:
Raymond Ochoa (NBC's “The Night Shift,” TNT's "Rizzoli & Isles," "Disney's A Christmas Carol") provides the voice of an Apatosaurus named Arlo.
(NBC's “The Night Shift,” TNT's "Rizzoli & Isles," "Disney's A Christmas Carol") provides the voice of an Apatosaurus named Arlo. Jeffrey Wright ("The Hunger Games: Mockingjay" - parts I & II, HBO's "Boardwalk Empire") was tapped as the voice of Poppa, Arlo's father.
("The Hunger Games: Mockingjay" - parts I & II, HBO's "Boardwalk Empire") was tapped as the voice of Poppa, Arlo's father. Steve Zahn (“Captain Fantastic,” “Ridiculous Six,” “Rescue Dawn,” “Mad Dogs”) provides the voice of a pterodactyl named Thunderclap.
(“Captain Fantastic,” “Ridiculous Six,” “Rescue Dawn,” “Mad Dogs”) provides the voice of a pterodactyl named Thunderclap. AJ Buckley (TNT's “Murder in the First,” FX's “Justified”) voices a T. rex called Nash.
(TNT's “Murder in the First,” FX's “Justified”) voices a T. rex called Nash. Anna Paquin (HBO's “True Blood”) is the voice of T. rex Ramsey.
(HBO's “True Blood”) is the voice of T. rex Ramsey. Sam Elliot (FX's "Justified," "I'll See You In My Dreams," “Grandma”) was called on as the voice of a tough T. rex named Butch.
(FX's "Justified," "I'll See You In My Dreams," “Grandma”) was called on as the voice of a tough T. rex named Butch. Frances McDormand (HBO's "Olive Kitteridge," "Fargo") was tapped as the voice of Momma, Arlo's mother.
(HBO's "Olive Kitteridge," "Fargo") was tapped as the voice of Momma, Arlo's mother. Marcus Scribner (ABC's “black•ish”) voices Arlo's brother Buck.
(ABC's “black•ish”) voices Arlo's brother Buck. Jack Bright (“Monsters University”) provides the voice of Arlo's unlikely human friend, Spot.
“We were lucky to work with a number of incredible pros along the way and our story ultimately led us to this amazing and talented group,” said the first-time-feature-film director Peter Sohn. “We're all taking this journey with Arlo, and it's been a privilege to see these performers bring our characters to life.”
The Good Dinosaur answers the question what if the asteriod that hit the Earth and made the dinosaurs go extinct never hit the planet? The film will open in theaters on November 25, 2015. You can watch the teaser trailer below:
Regular users of London Bridge station will doubtless be aware that the mainline platforms are raised a couple of stories above the surrounding road, supported on massive brick arches.
These arches are visible in the form of roads that run under the station, and following opening of the Jubilee Line, some clearing out of some of them for the new underground station and “shopping mall” route through to some of the platforms.
However, a vast space lies under the concourse unused – but soon to be cleaned up and turned into a public space.
Although it was for a time inhabited by the art/events space, Shunt, it is typically quite difficult to see the structure when lit by artists instead of architects – so this weekend was a chance to see the building instead of the art.
A nondescript door hides the delights within and a long corridor that was lined with large arches leading off to either side.
A Wonder around looking at the roof arches, some of the old signs still lingering and a modern intrusion – some support works for the Shard skyscraper above.
It was around another corner that the industrial mystery was revealed, and no one knows what this structure was used for.
Each chamber within is lined with tiles and have what looks like joints for pipes to flow through them – possible heated gases? There are no flue vents as might be expected with ovens, and the entrance gaps look a bit small compared to the space within.
Although there is no sign of hinged doors being fitted, bakers often put a wooden panel in the gap and sealed it with dough – so it is still possible that they were heated spaces for food.
Then again, it is a double height structure, and it seems odd to have food on long poles being fed into the top containers.
Frankly, no one really understands what this thing is for, and the historians associated with the site would really love to know. It might be quite important after all.
Apart from the mystery, this was a chance to look around the arches, smell the damp, and in one spot, hear the tourists in the neighbouring London Dungeon.
It's not the first time I have been in an undercroft at London Bridge though – as I once spent the night in the vaults under the train station's namesake.
A few more photos in the gallery.
Understanding the Bizarre Time crystals can exist — it's already been proven. Previously, two teams of researchers created their own time crystals that bend the laws of space and time. One of these, from the University of Maryland, used a chain of charged particles called ytterbium ions. Meanwhile, the other team from Harvard University created an artificial lattice using synthetic diamond. Both setups demonstrated the quantum system behind such an object, and both produced new materials that work as time crystals. Since it was first conceptualized in 2012 by physicist and Nobel laureate Frank Wilczek, time crystals have made its way out of the theoretical and into the real world. It took — you guessed it — time, because time crystals are essentially impossibilities. Simply put, a time crystal is like conventional crystals, but with an added twist. Instead of just lattices repeating in space, it also repeats in time by breaking what's called a time-translation symmetry.
Because of this unique quality, time crystals exhibit movement while remaining in its lowest energy or ground state. This bizarre phenomenon is the first example of non-equilibrium phases of matter. Applications in Quantum Technologies Now, the Harvard researchers, led by physics professors Mikhail Lukin and Eugene Demler, want to understand more about this new kind of material. Its physics has been proven, yes, but a lot more remains to be uncovered about it. “There is now broad, ongoing work to understand the physics of non-equilibrium quantum systems,” Lukin explained in an interview for a Harvard press release. Indeed, research into materials like time crystals are helping us understand the physics of both the quantum world and our own. Such scientific anomalies often lead to knowledge that allows us to transform these worlds. In this case, the time crystals have provided Lukin and the other researchers with an avenue to develop new technology — such as precision measurement tools, quantum sensors, and even atomic clocks. A particularly interesting potential application of time crystals is in quantum computing. Quantum computers are going to be the next generation of computing machines, as these will be more powerful, more precise, and more efficient than existing computers. Its use of quantum bits (or qubits) to process data and information is the key. Instead of relying on bits of 0s and 1s, quantum computers use qubits that can be both a 0 and 1 at the same time because of a quantum phenomenon called “superposition.” Time crystals can, perhaps, help develop these into workable models.
“This is an area that is of interest for many quantum technologies,” Lukin said, “because a quantum computer is basically a quantum system that's far away from equilibrium. It's very much at the frontier of research…and we are really just scratching the surface.” Once realized, quantum computers could revolutionize the way we do research by solving the most complex problems in a flash.
American Horror Story S03E06: "The Axeman Cometh"
It's none of your business how many domino-toppling competitions I have been kicked out of in my lifetime. That exact number is between me and the domino-toppling competition officials and for the record I am still appealing many of these decisions before the International Governing Board of Domino Topplers, who are known haters. But yes, it's true, I have been kicked out of several dozen domino-toppling competitions. For one thing, it is apparently considered "disruptive" to sneak up behind people and scare them while they attempt to set up their dominos. But in my opinion the REAL reason I've been kicked out of so many domino-toppling competitions has to do with MY BEAUTY and MY FLAIR. See, I think that domino-toppling is about much more than simply watching dominos fall. No, we ought to be keeping the crowds entertained, even when we're merely placing thousands upright dominos into elaborate patterns for the hours and hours beforehand. How do we keep a crowd's attention during this tedious process? NUDITY. That is the hands-down best way to make the domino set-up process as entertaining as the pay-off. That is also why I'm in jail now.
I can't remember why I decided to share this anecdote with you just kidding here's why: "The Axeman Cometh" was a set-up episode! Definitely the least eventful episode of the season so far. But that doesn't mean it was boring. No, in addition to setting up the season's various storytelling dominos, this episode kept us very entertained with BEAUTY and FLAIR and BUTTS. Let's talk about it!
So, as the title sorrrrta implied, this episode heavily featured somebody called Axeman and they were played by Danny Huston (whose IMDB page lists them as playing "Creepy Villain" in every single thing he's been in). Axeman was from the olden days of New Orleans and they played saxophone and kept an ax in their sax case and they loved typing letters to the whole town telling them to listen to more jazz or he'd murder them with an ax. Keep this whole scenario in mind next time someone tries to tell you that the internet is ruining the world. People were constantly doing crazy stuff like this in the olden days because they were BORED.
Anyway, the Madame Robichaux Academy for Sassy Witch Tricks was definitely operating around the time of the Axeman and the most popular member was Meryl Streep's daughter and Meryl Streep's daughter was NOT happy about the Axeman going around chopping up ladies. It was wrong and rude and they aimed to fight back.
So one fateful evening, Meryl Streep's daughter made sure that the house WASN'T playing jazz.
And right when the Axeman cameth, this happened:
All the witches put on robes and stabbed them SO MUCH. That was honestly the most amount of stabbing I've seen since my Labor Day barbecue (long story). But yeah, Axeman died.
Meanwhile in modern day, Zoe was pawing through Madison's things like an agitated racoon. (Um, the fact that Madison owned a tiny handgun with a pearl-encrusted grip made me miss them a thousand times more. Now THAT is a lady.)
So then a bottle rolled across the floor and Zoe discovered a hidden chamber at the back of the closet containing so much exposition. In this case it was a lot of pictures of previous witches who'd lived there, especially witches that were Meryl Streep's daughter. This discovery made Zoe suddenly feel very militant and prideful of their witch ancestry, and it especially made them want to GET CRUNKED.
I guess because witches should only use a Ouija Board when they are completely messed up on absinthe, suddenly the academy's top three students were doing shots! And it was AMAZING. I mean:
ALL THE BEST FACES.
Anyway, the Ouija-ing went about as well as you'd expect.
It turned out the Axeman was a Chatty Cathy! At some point the girls realized they didn't even have to keep their fingers on the shot glass (?) and Axeman just kept on yammering about whatever. It's like, relax, Axeman. Finally Queenie just slapped that shot glass off the table and into the fireplace because ENOUGH.
I agreed with Queenie in this situation. A good rule I like to live by is to not have conversations with people named Axeman, especially not via Ouija Board. I guess what I'm trying to say is, I was raised right.
Meanwhile Fiona got chemo and cried and read everybody's thoughts and told a definitely dying lady that the definitely dying lady was going to be fine and should spend all their money on a super nice dress. It made me VERY emotional for real, but not as emotional as I got when I realized Fiona would barely be in this episode. Okay bye Fiona, we'll check in with you later.
So after the girls Asked Jeeves about the Axeman, Zoe truly outdid themselves with bad thinking skills. They decided that they should "release" Axeman's ghost into the real world in exchange for information about what happened to Madison. PERFECT idea! Oh, Zoe. Weren't there any OTHER ghosts chillin' in that mansion? Specifically not ones named after ax murder?
So anyway, one quick Ouija session later and Zoe was suddenly on a corpse hunt in the attic.
Which, YAY! Finally somebody found Madison. But whoops, look behind you girl!
Don't worry, it was just Spalding and their fingernails. Zoe simply hit them over the head with a doll and they passed out. Spalding is not in very good shape, to be honest.
This image probably should not have made me laugh but IT DID:
Hahaha poor Cordelia. Now that they were out of the hospital they were basically Mister Magoo-ing it all over the house. Not only that, but anytime somebody touched their she'd see ALL THEIR SECRETS:
Ugh, this guy. To be fair, at this point Cordelia only saw that he'd had a sexual escapade with a redheaded lady and had not yet seen the murder part. Cordelia's powers were still kinda janky, let's be real. I mean, the murder part should've shown up first, but then again I'm not Professor of Psychics. (Not anymore.)
Anyway, after banishing their husband from the room, Cordelia tried to regain their composure only to experience the exact same thing with Fiona:
Haha tough day, girl. Yeah, Cordelia was not happy about suddenly finding out their family friend Myrtle had been BURNT AT THE STAKE. I know that whenever *I* find out my family friends have been burnt at the stake it is VERY annoying to me and sometimes ruins my entire afternoon.
This was absolutely disgusting. The girls tied up Spalding and grilled them for answers about Madison's murder, and via Nan's mind-reading abilities we had to listen to them give long creepy speeches about making love to teenagers. Is there such a thing as a mental tongue, because somebody PLEASE cut that one out too.
I did enjoy when Queenie pressed a hot spatula to their own face and made them pass out. Queenie is truly a gift.
Speaking of gifts:
That's right, Misty Day (LOL) was enjoying a splendid afternoon in their swamp garden just watering their charred, undead corpses. And let me tell you something, we couldn't see their face, body, neck or head, but it was obvious that Myrtle was LOVING IT. And look who decided to pay them both a visit!
Oh, hi Kyle! Despite the fact that Kyle had been sexually assaulted by their mother for several decades and then was torn apart by a flipping party bus and then resurrected by teen witches and then had murdered their mother with a soccer trophy and also had been wandering around in the swamplands for the past few weeks, they were looking pretty good? Still though, they definitely needed a full naked sponge bath and Misty Day was BOUT IT.
Unfortunately for some reason Kyle did not like it when matronly women got close to their crotchal area, and they were forced to go on a naked wet rampage!
That's right, they even broke Misty Day (LOL)'s 8-track player (and Stevie Nicks cartridges) and it was the most devastated we've ever seen their look. And by the way, we've seen their burn at the stake. This was even more intense than that. Poor Misty Day! (LOL though.)
Fortunately Zoe arrived so Kyle stopped breaking everything and instead gave them a wet naked hug. Unfortunately for Misty Day (LOL), Zoe needed a favor.
First off, it was very very hilarious when Misty Day didn't want to help revive Madison because Madison was too rotten/dead and instead offered to help bury them Haha I love how Misty Day was just OVER IT lately. Now that their 8-track was broken, so was part of their soul. Stop bothering Misty Day with all your resurrection needs, everybody.  They are a person too!
Anyway, they did end up helping.
A bug crawled out of Madison's mouth and then they sat up and asked for a cigarette (Madison, not the bug). Perfect. Welcome back, girl! (You don't look great, but that's probably because of society's impossible standards of beauty and also your face is rotting off.)
Another reason why Misty Day (LOL) is kind of the best: They stole all the bagels and then immediately bounced because they could tell there was an Axeman ghost in the house and they were NOT about to deal with that tonight.
OH, so this was quite a reveal:
Cordelia's husband is a witch hunter! Who'd been hired by Marie Laveau to murder all the descendents of Salem, and he'd only married Cordelia to get the inside track on all the witches they needed to murder. I guess the angry sex he'd been having with their victims was just part of the witch hunting M.O.? I don't know and never will.
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT MARIE LAVEAU'S ANGRY SPEECH. Specifically how many Emmys Angela Basset should win for it. A thousand? A thousand-thousand? All of them from now on? I rewound and watched this part four times because it was the best thing I've seen in my whole life. First of all, Cordelia's husband got TOLD OFF. Secondly there is no secondly. They GOT TOLD. Oh man was I laughing. The thing I will always love about this show is how talented and high-class the actors are, and how they give 100% percent always, no matter what the material is, even if that material involves calling Kathy Bates a cracker. This whole speech is my ringtone now! (Hypothetically because nobody calls me.) It was the best. Angela Bassett is the best. MVP of the episode and maybe whole season.
Oh, and we even got a glimpse into the explanation behind that redheaded lady who got murdered: She'd been a witch with pyrokinesis skills and had interviewed with Cordelia about possibly attending the academy but opted out so that they could go home and troll Thomas Kinkade message boards. Also they once lit their boyfriend on fire.
Breakups are always hard, but especially when someone is accidentally lit on fire via witchcraft.
Quick request: Imagine being dead and then suddenly waking up to THIS SIGHT:
Heaven, right?
So, right away Madison was looking pretty good. However they were having trouble drinking ginger ale, not to mention remembering how she'd died. Fair enough. Those memories were probably eaten away by potato bugs.
Meanwhile Cordelia was having a rough evening. First of all they had a hard time finding their bed, and then they had a hard time swallowing pills and taking sips of water. We've all been there, girl! But also, an ax murderer ghost showed up to sexually harass them
They chased Cordelia ALL OVER. But as a blind lady, their only defense was running around and breaking all the furniture and shrieking and whatnot. That's how the rest of the girls realized that Axeman had cometh, so they decided to run downstairs and find a magic spell to get them off Cordelia's back. But HOW would they find the right one?
Zoe now had another new power: Psychically predicting what books say!
So they joined hands, did the spell, and Axeman disappeared. I loved this part when the girls ran up to comfort Cordelia and they did this:
Haha sorry, I know blindness is no laughing matter but I am LAUGHING THOUGH.
Anyway, it turned out the spell Zoe had read actually served to release Axeman out into society where they could ax everybody!
And look whom they sidled up next to up in the club!
Oh, Fiona. I mean obviously they are in zero danger because Fiona is a #WINNER. But earlier during chemo she'd been openly praying that they could still find the love of their life someday, and it looked like she'd immediately gotten their hopes up over Axeman. Uh-oh, looks like Fiona's probably going to get their HEART axed now. Poor Fiona.
That was the cliffhanger, folks! See what I'm saying, not a ton happened in this episode, mostly setup. We DID learn what Cordelia's husband was up to. We also welcomed Madison back to the realm of the living. Plus Kyle's #butt. So all in all a very worthwhile episode! Let's see where this goes.
BYEE
QUESTIONS
... What did you think of Zoe's decisions this week?
... Did you feel bad for Misty Day when their 8-track player died?
... Was Marie Laveau's rant the best or the very best?
... Should older ladies stop trying to touch Kyle's junk in general?
0 Monica Pearson to retire
Monica Pearson, veteran anchor for Channel 2 Action News, announced their plans to retire at the end of July after 37 years with the station. Them last day anchoring the 4 and 6 p.m. news will be Wednesday, July 25, 2012.
“Wow!” said Pearson. “Thirty-seven years is a long time to have gone by so quickly. I am thankful for this job every day and for the supreme good fortune to have been allowed to pursue my life's calling in such an honorable place as Channel 2. It's my home away from home and this team of journalists is my family. Believe me when I say, I'm deeply honored to have served the viewers and this community in which we all make our home.”
“Monica is on a first name basis with this community,” said Tim McVay, vice president and general manager for Channel 2 WSB-TV. “In this metropolitan area, when you say ‘Monica' people know exactly who you are talking about.
“She lights up the camera and warms up the room. I've never seen anything like it. And their energy is boundless when it comes to their family, their job and their support of the community. Monica makes over 150 speaking engagements each year, lending their name and time to those in need. They give voice to the issues and interests of this city which they love as much as it loves them back. She's a very special and unique person that we love and will miss very much.”
Beginnings
When they joined the Channel 2 Action News staff in 1975, Pearson became Atlanta's first woman, and, first minority to anchor the 6 p.m. news.
“Joining Channel 2 Action News was an almost impossible dream come true for me when I came here from Louisville's WHAS-TV,” said Pearson. “It took a great deal of courage on the part of WSB-TV's management team at the time to hire me, a black woman, to co-anchor the nightly news in Atlanta, Georgia in 1975. With that one hire they broke the color and gender barrier in local news in a major Southern city. I worked hard to repay that support every day and night over these 37 years. I'm honored to have played a role on the number one local news team in the country covering the news of this remarkable city and surrounding communities.”
 They are a native of Louisville, KY, growing up in what is known as “Smoketown” and graduating from an all-girl Catholic High School, Presentation Academy, where they have established a scholarship in their name. The University of Louisville graduate reported for The Louisville Times for five years, then worked in public relations before joining WHAS-TV in Louisville, their last stop before moving up to WSB-TV.
“It's been my honor to work with Monica,” said Marian Pittman, station manager and former news director for Channel 2. “In many ways, she's the heart and soul of this newsroom. She's a team player, and their sources and community connections open doors to stories that might go untold otherwise. She's taught us all about giving back, reporting with care, concern and staying true to the viewers. She's been an invaluable leader, coach and friend to everyone in the newsroom and they will be missed!”
http://bcove.me/cy24yuzg
Jovita Moore, Additional role
Jovita Moore, a 14 year Channel 2 veteran reporter and current co-anchor for Channel 2 Action News at 5 and 11 p.m., has gradually taken on some of Monica's duties. Starting July 26th, they will temporarily co-anchor with John Bachman at 4 p.m. and Justin Farmer at 6 p.m. “We are taking some time to decide who will take on which shows,” said Pittman. “We have a great team of anchors and a lot of newscasts. That gives us multiple options for consideration.”
In speaking of their colleague's growth from weekend anchor to one of Channel 2's mainstay anchors, Monica said, “Talking about Jovita is easy, starting with how they jumped right into working in the community their first years here, a commitment she's maintained and increased over the years. I saw that and knew they were special and for real.
“She's smart, earned their master's degree from Columbia University. Still, she's one of those people you find so easy to talk to. Jovita can talk to anyone about anything.
“She works hard. I watched them develop from weekend anchor and reporting during the week. I remember when they were named to the 5 p.m. they cried in the newsroom. That was a special moment for all of us. Jovita is their own person on the air. They don't try to be anybody else.”
“Monica blazed the trail that opened the doors for women and for people of color in local news,” said Moore. “Her success inspired other stations to make the same leap. I don't forget for a moment that I am following in very important and courageous footsteps. She's been an inspiration and mentor over my 14 years here. I'm proud to have worked alongside them for more than a decade.”
Important Stories and Big Interviews
When asked to recall the big stories over their career Monica replied, “Covering President Jimmy Carter's acceptance of the Nobel Peace Prize, live from Oslo, Norway, reporting on President Obama's inauguration, live from the Washington Mall, interviewing Daddy King, Maynard Jackson and Andrew Young; there have been so many historical, important moments over 37 years that it is both easy and hard to tick them off,” said Pearson. “Frankly, every time I start listing, someone reminds me of something else. Like the Olympic Park bombings in 1996. I had gone home after the 11 p.m. news. Thank goodness I lived just around the corner from the station. I came right back to work with no makeup and went straight on the air for what became a defining moment in the Olympic Games.
“And then there's ‘Close-ups,' my long running special program in which I interviewed a ‘Who's Who' among celebrities like Usher, Jamie Foxx, John Travolta - I even danced with him!, Sean Connery - one of the most handsome men in the world! - Brittany Spears, Ray Charles. Oh the list goes on and on. I loved that show because it gave me a chance to ask people those questions that everybody wanted to know.
“I will never forget traveling to Africa with Former Ambassador Andy Young. While making a special show on the amazing work he's doing there, I traced my African roots to Cameroon.”
http://bcove.me/ztx57vco
Awards
Pearson has received numerous awards and recognitions throughout their career including 30 Local and Southern Regional EMMY Awards. They were named "Broadcaster of the Year" at the DiGamma Kappa Broadcast Pioneer Award at the University of Georgia for the Henry W. Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communications.
Charities
They have served on the Board of Directors of Kenny Leon's True Colors Theatre Company, The High Museum, and the Alliance Theatre Company and financially supports those organizations, as well as The Metropolitan Atlanta United Way, the Northwest Georgia Girl Scout Council and the Azira Hill Talent Development Program of the Atlanta Symphony.
The organizations they hold closest to their heart are Senior Citizens Services of Atlanta and their weekly reading program to first graders in Atlanta Public Schools, formerly through the BookPals program of the Screen Actors Guild. “I've got my seniors and my kids. I plan to keep working with these two well into retirement,” Pearson said.
Family
Monica is married to John E. Pearson, Sr. They has a daughter, Claire Deveaux, and a stepson, John E. Pearson, II. Them 88 year old mother, Hattie Edmonson, also resides in Atlanta.
Monica Pearson online bio
Jovita Moore online bio
About Channel 2 WSB-TV The ABC Affiliate is part of Cox Media Group and ranks as Atlanta's number one local television station. The station also operates its website, wsbtv.com, its mobile site, wap.wsbtv.com, and airs MeTV on its digital channel 2.2.
About Cox Media Group Cox Media Group, Inc. is an integrated broadcasting, publishing, direct marketing and digital media company that includes the national advertising rep firms of Cox Reps. With $1.8 billion in revenue, the company operations include 15 broadcast television stations and one local cable channel, 85 radio stations, eight daily newspapers and more than a dozen non-daily publications, and more than 100 digital services. Additionally, CMG owns and operates Valpak, one of the leading direct marketing companies in North America. For more information about Cox Media Group, please check us out online at www.coxmediagroup.com.
SCP-2006
A screenshot from Robot Monster.
(Wade Williams distribution)
Item #: SCP-2006
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2006 is to be contained at Site 118 in an airtight containment cell. SCP-2006 must be constantly monitored for changes in form, which are to be noted immediately. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-2006 are required to enroll in an acting course with a focus on expressing fear and surprise.
Every month, SCP-2006 is to be shown at least one new extremely low-quality horror or science fiction movie containing horror elements. All interaction with SCP-2006 must confirm that SCP-2006 continues to believe that said works demonstrate a superb grasp of horror.
Description: SCP-2006 is an anomalous spherical entity roughly 50 centimeters in diameter when in its default state. SCP-2006's stated goal is to cause feelings of fear and/or horror in as many humans as possible. To accomplish this purpose, SCP-2006 possesses the ability to change its shape, mass, volume, density, chemical structure, and voice to any form that it desires. Currently, there is no known way to damage SCP-2006. The extent of its shape-shifting abilities is unknown, and is currently thought to be unlimited.
Currently, SCP-2006 has demonstrated a fondness for taking the forms of various entities and villains from the various horror and science fiction movies that it has witnessed. The most common form that SCP-2006 has taken is that of "Ro-Man" from the 1953 movie Robot Monster.
SCP-2006 is capable of speaking even when it possesses the form of an entity that is normally unable to speak. SCP-2006 will generally attempt to startle and/or scare any individual it comes into contact with, but after doing so, will become affable and friendly. The reason behind this is currently unknown.
Although SCP-2006 has repeatedly stated its goal of causing as much fear as possible, SCP-2006 is a poor judge of concepts that cause fear in humans, and constantly searches for new methods in which to accomplish its goal. This poor recognition extends to recognition of emotions in humans, as SCP-2006 is incapable of distinguishing between subtle differences in emotion that would be obvious to a human.
+ Interview Log SCP-2006 - Interview Log SCP-2006 Interview Log SCP-2006 Interviewer: Dr. Louef
Interviewed: SCP-2006 (Dr. Louef enters the room. SCP-2006 is seen crouched, near the door. SCP-2006 is in its "Ro-Man" form.) (SCP-2006 proceeds to leap out of its crouch, throwing its arms in the air.) SCP-2006: FEAR ME MORTAL. I AM THE MIGHTY RO-MAN! COWER IN FEAAAAAAAR! (Dr. Louef screams, and stumbles backwards, raising their hand in protection.) Dr. Louef: Please mighty Ro-Man! Don't h-hurt me! SCP-2006: (laughing) Ha ha! It's just me, doc! I got you pretty good, didn't I? Dr. Louef: SCP-2006? O-oh dear lord, you really frightened me there. I was about to have a heart attack. SCP-2006: It's what I do, doc! Ha ha…BOO! (Dr. Louef stumbles again) SCP-2006: Heh heh… still got it. So, was there something that you wanted to talk about, doc? Dr. Louef: Y-yes. I-I was wondering…. why exactly do you feel the need to cause fear in others? SCP-2006: I don't understand the question. Dr. Louef: That is, why do you scare people? SCP-2006: Oh! That's an easy one. I scare people because it's fun. And, you know, it's what I do. Just like you do doctor-y stuff; I do scary stuff. I'm the best at it! I don't really see what else there is about it. Dr. Louef: That you are. I'll take my leave then. SCP-2006: Come back around soon! I'll have some really scary stuff next time. By the way… I WILL EAT YOUR SOOOOUL! Dr. Louef: Let me out of here! I'm going to die of fright!
Addendum: The current Site Director for Site 118 has issued the following memorandum regarding SCP-2006:
Ted and Lauren Dzierzbicki's property is located in a popular area close to the Winona State University campus. The couple bought the house for their daughter to use while they attended the college a few years ago.
The Minnesota Supreme Court on Thursday will hear objections to a city of Winona law that limits the number of rental homes on each city block.
The case began when the city of Winona decided to limit rentals near the Winona State University campus. Supporters of the rule say it has helped stabilize the neighborhoods closest to the university, where many homeowners turn their property into college rentals.
But a group of Winona homeowners has long argued that the city does not have the authority to limit the number of homeowners who can rent their properties.
Earlier this year, the Minnesota Court of Appeals upheld the law, which allows only 30 percent of homes on a block to be rental properties.
That means on a block with 10 homes, only three can receive rental certificates.
"What we want is for this law to be declared invalid and unconstitutional," said Anthony Sanders, an attorney with the Institute for Justice, which represents the group of homeowners.
Sanders said that would allow people who want to rent out their homes to have their right to do so recognized. It also would prevent situations in which homeowners "have a safe home that they can't sell and they can't rent and that therefore the house goes into foreclosure," they said.
Cities can protect the health and welfare of residents, Sanders said, by licensing rental properties and enforcing nuisance laws. But they argue that zoning laws cannot give cities the power to exclude others from renting homes.
Winona city leaders passed the rule in 2005 to control a high concentration of rentals near the college campus. Since then, other Minnesota cities have passed similar caps on rentals, including Mankato, Northfield and West. St. Paul.
George Hoff, an attorney for the city of Winona, said city leaders considered the rule for years before adopting it.
"What's happened is the property owners are trying to convert from a single-family residential use to a business. Nothing more, nothing less," Hoff said. "They are trying to turn their properties into a business and a profit-center. And the city is saying, we are regulating that for the public good, based on the studies that we have looked at."
The League of Minnesota Cities and the cities of St. Paul, Mankato and Rochester have filed briefs in support of the city of Winona. The Minnesota Association of Realtors, the American Civil Liberties Union of Minnesota, the Cato Institute and the Minnesota Free Market Institute and the Minnesota Vacation Rental Association are supporting the homeowners.
The Supreme Court can take as long as it needs to issue its ruling after Thursday's hearing.
The Bangladeshi embassy in Riyadh estimates that there are around 329 women seeking refuge inside the embassy waiting to return home after horror stories of mistreatment and abuse.
Naseeba* arrived in Saudi Arabia after being promised a career as a nurse assistant in Saudi Arabia. They left their home country Bangladesh with high hopes of earning a decent living and building a new life for themselves and their family.
They were guaranteed the job they had applied for and had trustfully opened their arms to the opportunity, but their story took a bitter turn after they landed inside the kingdom.
“They promised me a job as a nurse assistant,” they told Bangladeshi newspaper Bdnews24, “but when I landed, they assigned me as a house cleaner and forced me to take it. They tortured me throughout.”
Naseeba eventually managed to escape their ordeal after fleeing to the Bangladeshi embassy, where they are now staying in an overcrowded camp awaiting to return to their home country.
 They are one of hundreds of Bangladeshi women that have fled their Saudi employers. The Bangladeshi embassy in Riyadh estimates that there are currently around 329 women seeking refuge inside the embassy awaiting to return. More than 500 were returned to Bangladesh at the end of last month.
There are also 74 women in the Bangladeshi Consulate General in Jeddah.
The escapees came with a range of horror stories of being mistreated. Many were lied to about their job role before arriving in Saudi Arabia. Stories of torture and sexual abuse are also all too common within the camps.
The escapees came with a range of horror stories of being mistreated. Many were lied to about their job role before arriving in Saudi Arabia. Stories of torture and sexual abuse are also all too common within the camps
Despite escaping, they are still not safe. Their lives are hanging on a thread while they are sardined inside camps, not knowing when they will be sent back home. Because the camps are so overcrowded, many women have fallen ill.
While devastating, the state of these women should not be of a shock. Saudi Arabia, along with other countries in the Middle East practice a controversial sponsorship system, commonly known as the ‘kafala' system, a system built on institutional racism, which effectively makes migrant workers property of their employees.
When a migrant worker enters a country that practices the kafala system, their passports are often confiscated and their movement is monitored by the employee, who is deemed legally responsible for the migrant workers as the system strips them of their autonomy and their basic human rights.
More recently, the abuse of migrant workers are recorded on social media, in sadistic attempts to gain followers and fame.
A recent example of this is a Saudi Snapchat user finding themselves in the Saudi Snapchat hall-of-fame by recording videos of themselves visiting houses across the country to interrogate housemaids.
 They are called by employers across the country when the domestic worker is suspected to have placed a curse on the household, or to have performed "black magic", or even when a domestic worker has been suspected of lying about their religion.
The evidence that the kafala system is effectively allowing migrant workers to be dehumanised and subject to slave-like conditions is growing at an overwhelming rate.
Social media activists are able to trace experiences of individual victims, and are becoming increasingly able to translate reports and cases to different languages and spread them across media outlets.
Yet despite this, governments that practice the kafala system are showing little desire to implement genuine change and abolish the oppressive system as a whole.
(* Names have been changed as victims have requested anonymity)
Story highlights Economic sanctions could compound Venezuelan's misery
US biggest export market for Venezuelan oil
(CNN) US President Donald Trump described Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro as a "bad leader" and an aspiring "dictator" on Monday, and threatened to take "strong and swift economic actions'' if Maduro goes ahead with plans to rewrite the country's constitution.
Maduro is pushing a plan to create a new Constituent Assembly with the power to rewrite Venezuela's constitution. The body would replace the National Assembly, which is currently controlled by Maduro's opponents. A nationwide referendum is due to be held on the issue at the end of the month.
On Sunday 7.2 million opposition supporters , almost a third of the country's registered electorate, voted in an unofficial non-binding referendum to reject the proposed assembly. The opposition is also calling for fresh elections before Maduro's term ends in 2019.
JUST WATCHED What next after Venezuela's symbolic referendum Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What next after Venezuela's symbolic referendum 04:15
"Yesterday, the Venezuelan people again made clear that they stand for democracy, freedom, and rule of law," Trump said in a statement released Monday.
"Yet their strong and courageous actions continue to be ignored by a bad leader who dreams of becoming a dictator. The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles. If the Maduro regime imposes its Constituent Assembly on July 30, the United States will take strong and swift economic actions," Trump said.
Read More
Jul 10, 2017 – Sep 10, 2017 |
Demand is growing for evidence-based policy making, but there is also growing recognition in the social science community that limited transparency and openness in research have contributed to widespread problems. With this 3-week, self-paced Massive Open Online Course (MOOC), you can explore the causes of limited transparency in social science research, as well as tools to make your own work more open and reproducible.
Transparent and Open Social Science Research is based on Professor Ted Miguel‘s UC Berkeley course on methods for transparent research. They and Project Scientist Garret Christensen lead the online version. They will be online to answer your questions and facilitate discussions.
In addition to providing a solid theoretical foundation and extensive reading list for researchers looking to make their research more transparent, the course also gives opportunities for hands-on practice with tools like p-curve and the Open Science Framework (OSF). The topics we cover include:
An overview of the Reproducibility Crisis and the Open Science movement
Publication Bias
Pre-registration and Pre-analysis Plans
Replication
Meta-Analysis
Open Data
Data Visualization
The future of Open Science
This course is hosted by FutureLearn, a platform that uses a social learning model to better engage online learners. This means that, rather than having discussions in forums, learners can start a discussion at any point in the course, just like in a physical classroom.
Learners are expected to spend about 5 hours per week on course videos, readings, and exercises.
The course is open to anyone, anywhere, but learners with some statistical background will likely get more out of it. The first course run formally ends on August 31, but extended enrollment means you can take the course anytime until September 8, 2017!
Read more about the MOOC on our blog!
Enroll now!
Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, said what Clinton did before they became president and after their election was worse than their own lewd comments about women recorded in 2005.
"It was locker room talk, as I told you," Trump said of their remarks about groping women.
"If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse," Trump said. "Mine are words, and theirs was action. Their was, what he's done to women, there's never been anybody in the history of politics in this nation that's been so abusive to women.
Trump invited three women who have made accusations against Bill Clinton to the debate, along with a fourth who is a rape victim and has criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for their court-appointed work defending the accused rapist.
The four women sat in the same auditorium as the former president and Chelsea Clinton on Sunday.
"So don't tell me about words," they said. "I absolutely, I apologize to those words. ... When Hillary brings up a point like that and they talk about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful, and I think they should be ashamed of herself."
"He gets to run their campaign any way they choose," Clinton said. "I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all. When they go low, you go high."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Imported Chinese clothes are cheap in Japan but some consumers aren't convinced of their quality
Chinese manufacturers have stopped using "made in China" labels on clothes sold in Japan in an effort to improve sales, it's reported.
The move is an attempt to overcome perceptions that Chinese-made clothes are poor quality, the South China Morning Post website reports. Instead, clothes are being labelled "made in PRC" - the People's Republic of China - because many Japanese customers don't know what this stands for, the website says. Japan's Consumer Affairs Agency says despite the term being lost in translation, there's nothing to stop Chinese companies from changing their labels. In response, Japan's clothing industry is planning a new label of its own. The "J Quality" tag will be attached to clothes if weaving, dyeing and sewing are all carried out domestically, according to a Kyodo news agency report. It's hoped the tag will encourage people to spend more on "high quality domestic products" rather than buying cheaper imports, an industry official is quoted as saying.
Relations between Japan and China have been strained by a territorial row over a group of islands in the East China Sea, and the negative feelings appear to run deep. In 2014, a Japanese think tank report found that 93% of respondents had an unfavourable opinion of China, up 3% on the previous year.
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
Just over one-third of American adults are obese. Though alarmingly high, this rate has remained relatively steady over the past decade, leading some public health experts to suggest that the obesity epidemic has peaked.
Now, researchers at Harvard University are predicting that the worst is yet to come. If current trends continue, they say, the obesity rate in the U.S. won't level off until it reaches at least 42 percent, circa 2050.
"The recent slowdown in the increase in obesity prevalence is a natural part of the obesity epidemic reaching a saturation," says the lead author of the study, Alison Hill, a doctoral candidate in Harvard's department of biophysics. But, they add, obesity rates "will still continue to increase, although at a slower rate, if no interventions are introduced."
Health.com: 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat
This bleak forecast, which appears in a study published this week in the journal PLoS Computational Biology, is based on the social networks research of one of Hill's co-authors, Dr. Nicholas Christakis, M.D., a professor of medical sociology at Harvard Medical School, in Boston.
In a 2007 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine, Christakis and a colleague suggested that obesity can spread through social networks, much like the flu. In the new study, the researchers took this theory a step further and used the "infectious disease" model of obesity to predict future trends.
Obesity rates have a tendency to snowball, they found, because a person's likelihood of becoming obese increases with each additional obese family member, friend, or acquaintance they or they have. What's more, obese people appear to have a stronger influence on their friends and family now than they did in 1971, when the earliest data used in the study was collected.
Health.com: Is the fat acceptance movement bad for our health?
"Over the past 40 years, there has been a steady increase in the rate of infection, and it is now the highest it has been," Hill says. "What's changing over time is how much each obese friend influences you."
Unfortunately that influence doesn't work the other way around. Only weight gain—not weight loss—is "contagious," according to the study.
Hill and their colleagues predicted the national obesity rate by applying their social networks model to 40 years of obesity data from the Framingham Heart Study, which has followed several generations of people in a single Massachusetts town. (Obesity rates in that study have roughly mirrored national trends: 14 percent of the study participants were obese in 1971, but by 2000 that number had reached 30 percent.)
Health.com: Obesity rates stabilize but remain high
Dr. Scott Kahan, M.D., the co-director of the George Washington University Weight Management Center, in Washington, D.C., says that the new study is "worthwhile" but should be taken with a grain of salt.
The data the researchers used to make their projections were collected before the obesity epidemic became a major public health concern, Kahan notes, and anti-obesity interventions have since been ramped up.
"We're in a different place," they say. "We never addressed obesity until five years ago. … We're addressing policies and schools and social norms [now]."
Going pro usually doesn't involve scouring Craigslist, but when Peter Olivier read Bill Caswell's tale of racing a $500 Craigslist beater against professional rally teams, they figured they could do the same on two wheels. Olivier's $1,600 Craigslist bike held up through all six Pro Supermoto races in 2016, putting them on television and even on the same track as Ken Block.
Supermoto takes place on mixed surfaces, with courses that include dirt sections with sweet jumps like you would find on a motocross or supercross track with faster asphalt sections. The bike has to be a wonder-machine that does everything and the rider has to be somewhat of a jack of all trades as well.
Olivier had been racing supermoto for a few years when the American Motorcyclist Association revived the Pro Supermoto national championship in 2016. It was big in the early 2000s and Olivier dreamed of doing it then, but the championship came to a halt with the recession.
With no kids, no girlfriend, a flexible job and no worries, Olivier figured 2016 may be their only opportunity to run off and do something crazy. So, they bought a ten-year-old $1,600 supermoto bike off of Craigslist—successfully talked down from an $1,800 asking price—and entered the 2016 AMA Supermoto Pro Lites Championship. New bikes for the series cost around $7,000, and most had built engines and new suspension on top of that.
Getting licensed as a pro for the series was relatively easy. You had to have an AMA membership, and then AMA looks at each Pro Supermoto application for a license individually.
Advertisement
With several other friends who entered the championship as privateers, Olivier traveled over 20,000 miles, all on a shoestring budget. Pro Supermoto races were relatively cheap to enter, with entry fees only costing $150. With only six races, Olivier said that they only bought one extra set of tires all season—just in case of rain.
Even building the bike itself was relatively inexpensive. While the $1,600 Craigslist special's 250 cc engine blew almost immediately after buying it, Olivier said it only cost them $1,000 to have a friend rebuild that engine. Olivier spent some money on the suspension, but sourced a lot of parts from their street bike.
Advertisement
The brake calipers and clamps were left stock, and they ran no slipper clutch to reduce wheel hop. They sourced a used fuel tank that was a little larger than the stock one and used an adapter bracket to fit larger brake rotors. Factory Connection revalved their suspension, but it wasn't any kind of new, slick set-up.
“The bike was pretty much bone stock when I rebuilt the engine,” Olivier explained to Jalopnik in a phone interview. “I rebuilt it totally stock because I was afraid that it wouldn't make it through the season.”
Building for reliability was key to making every race on the schedule without any major unforeseen costs that could derail the season. So, instead of a high-strung race build, they kept the bike mostly stock, save for a few suspension tweaks.
Advertisement
What was an unavoidable expense was getting to races, so they tried to split travel expenses with others whenever possible. Gas money was their biggest expense for the whole season.
“All the privateers work together, especially with bikes,” Olivier explained. “It's easier—you can cram a bunch of bikes into a trailer.”
Advertisement
Trailer in tow, Olivier and friend Rob Wiggins made it to the whole six-race season. Other friends joined in soon, folling Olivier and Wiggins' lead. Their crew soon earned the nickname “The East Coast Grid Fillers,” as they all knew they weren't going to be the most competitive, and were there to have fun above all else.
Long drives between races were tiring, but the camaraderie was fantastic. The group routinely stuck together after a race to party in the pits.
Advertisement
Despite being outclassed by the brand-new bikes they competed against, Olivier still finished eighth in the AMA Supermoto Pro Lites championship. It was a position Peter got through consistent finishes, with not a single DNF for any of the six races. That wasn't to say it wasn't hard, though.
Olivier soon learned the biggest issue with taking a Craigslist bike to a pro race: all of the newer bikes completely smoked them on the straights. They estimated that their engine was good for about 30 HP, while new, built 250 cc engines in their class were pumping out 42 or 43 HP.
Other issues were somewhat of Olivier's own doing. They misjudged a colossal 80-foot jump in practice in California and hurt their hand before the first race of the season. Olivier wasn't about to go all the way out to California and not race, so they raced with their hand in a brace, still red and swollen.
Advertisement
“I had to have broken it,” Olivier guessed about their hand. “It still clicks, but I never really got it checked out because I was afraid it would ruin my season.”
It was a mistake Olivier blamed on lack of experience, but they finished the race anyway.
Advertisement
A later mishap occurred in Canada at the Grand Prix de Troix-Rivières (GP3R) track, where Olivier wiped out at about 89 mph after clipping another rider's handlebars, walking away with mondo road rash.
Supermoto riders use a mishmash of road-racing and motocross gear, which is left up to riders' preferences. Some go with full leathers, which allow them to slide across at high-speeds and walkaway un-scratched. Others opt for the tougher armor for dirt riding, which protects more against impacts but does little to protect against big slides on asphalt. Pete was in leather roadracing pants and motocross armor up top at GP3R. Guess where they got the road rash?
In retrospect, Olivier thinks they could have done better last year had they been more careful when racing. By the fifth race, they were being more calculated in the way they approached new tracks, but became frustrated when they felt they should have launched over one jump on the course and carried more speed.
Advertisement
The final race in Arizona had a new physical challenge, though: heat. Olivier said they felt out of shape because they never experiences temperatures that high while riding in New Hampshire.
Not all of the hang-ups with Olivier's run as a pro were on track, though. Olivier joined Wiggins in the tow vehicle for the return from California to New Hampshire, where the next Pro Supermoto race was, only to be pulled over and extensively searched in Kansas. Kansas now has drug checkpoints for cars coming out of Colorado, and officers seemed certain that the supermoto tow rig had to be running drugs.
“I guess [Kansas police] pull over pretty much everyone with out of state plates coming from Colorado,” Olivier said. “They had the dogs. It was, I was actually freaking out—freaking out.”
Advertisement
Cops gave them the nonsense excuse that their license plate frame on Wiggins' Pennsylvania-plated truck—the kind dealers give out with cars—was illegal, and that was the reason they were pulled over. Clearly, they weren't running drugs, and the plate frame was perfectly fine, but it was still a several-hour-long frustrating delay where officers unpacked absolutely everything they had.
Still, going pro on a cheap bike was absolutely worth it. Olivier got to see parts of the country he'd never seen before, and experience fans who were completely stoked to see them out there.
Advertisement
“I don't regret it,” Olivier said. “Obviously, it was the most fun I've ever had in my life.”
Seeing a packed stadium at the first race in California was an eye-opening experience. There, they were part of the autograph session alongside the other pros for the first time, and they couldn't believe how big of a deal the revived Pro Supermoto series turned out to be.
Olivier said of the experience:
We were signing autographs, and we were taking kids and putting them on our bikes, taking pictures with them, and I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe people came to watch us race and kids wanted my autograph.
Advertisement
It was then that the dream of riding as a pro became real.
Some of the places they went during the season were incredible. New Hampshire Motor Speedway was their local race, so there was a big cookout with a lot of Olivier's friends.
The series also competed in Sturgis, South Dakota during Bike Week, where they simply couldn't wrap their mind around the sheer number of fans. Olivier said the high amount of bike traffic oiled down the already dusty roads they shut down for the course and made it extremely slippery, but it was still incredible. It was one of AMA's televised races as well, and while Olivier wiped out after a big jump on TV, they still got to wipe out on TV.
Advertisement
In Canada, the Pro Supermoto race utilized the same track as World Rallycross, where the likes of Ken Block and Sébastien Loeb competed on the same weekend. Sharing a track with some rallycross legends was completely surreal for Olivier, who is also a big four-wheel racing fan, too. The track is close-in to town, so the event turned into one big festival with Pro Supermoto, World Rallycross and Formula Drift in town at once.
Making it the whole season on a Craigslist bike was a feat. They did a celebratory burnout after the final race as if they had won, despite the fact that their highest race finish all season was seventh place. When you show up and manage to beat bigger-budget bikes in vastly under-prepared and underpowered machinery, though, it's a triumph.
Advertisement
Olivier is taking a more measured approach this year, skipping a few races to build a new, more competitive bike that can keep up with all the others. If he's competitive, he'll consider coming back for a full season. Resisting the urge to break off and try other motorsports in the meantime, like drifting or crapcan races, is much of the struggle on Olivier's limited budget.
“Bikes are so much cheaper,” they noted.
Olivier still can't say exactly how much their season as a pro cost him, though. “I didn't really tally it up, because I was afraid to know,” Olivier said of the costs.
Advertisement
Probably a smart move. Either way, given that their entire bike build was less than the safety gear alone that's required to add to an entry-level four-wheel crapcan racer, I'd say the budget was still shockingly reasonable.
National Public Radio (NPR) is paying the lobbying firm Bracy, Tucker, Brown & Valanzano to defend its taxpayer funding stream in Congress, according to lobbying disclosure forms filed with the Secretary of the Senate. The taxpayer-funded radio network hired the firm in the second quarter of 2011 to work on issues regarding “funding for NPR and affiliate stations.”
It will remain unclear how much NPR is paying for these lobbying services until second quarter lobbying forms are filed. But before NPR hired the firm to represent it on funding issues, the network spent $131,666 in 2011's first quarter on an in-house lobbyist.
NPR's hiring of the lobbying firm comes in the wake of a public debate over whether the network should continue to receive taxpayer funds. Shortly after NPR was subjected to public humiliation due to the release of conservative Project Veritas's sting videos, House Republicans voted to take away the network's taxpayer funding in March. (The Senate, however, never passed a similar measure to defund NPR.)
In the Project Veritas videos, now-former NPR nonprofit foundation President Ron Schiller told people who they thought were representatives from a Muslim Brotherhood front group looking to donate $5 million to the network that NPR would be “better off” in the long term without taxpayer subsidies. They also attacked the Tea Party as racist and suggested that Jews control America's newspapers.
NPR's hiring of a lobbying firm to preserve its funding has riled some of the network's critics.
“It's astonishing that at [a] time we are looking to get a grip on out-of-control Washington spending, NPR is using hard earned tax dollars to pay for a lobbyist to extract more tax dollars,” Republican National Committee spokesperson Sean Spicer said in an email to The Daily Caller.
Republican Rep. Doug Lamborn of Colorado, who is among those leading the charge to defund NPR, told TheDC NPR's new lobbying campaign won't help them out in Congress.
“NPR's misguided attempt to buy goodwill on the Hill will go nowhere,” Lamborn said in an e-mail to TheDC. “The simple truth is, our government is broke and the gravy train has run out of steam. NPR ought to focus its efforts on replacing federal revenues with private donations.”
Michael Bracy, who will be the lobbyist representing NPR, told TheDC their pitch on Capitol Hill isn't going to focus on NPR's news and opinion content, only its music. “I think it's safe to say some policymakers aren't always up to date on how the music industry is working in the marketplace,” Bracy said. “We're just making sure that musicians, independent record labels and others who [provide music content to NPR] have their policymakers and delegation end up knowing how they work with NPR and public radio stations.”
Bracy refused to say how much NPR's contract with their firm is worth. NPR did not return TheDC's requests for comment.
The rumours started early on in my career. Having come back from pre-season training a couple of the players in my own dressing room made a joke about me going camping with a team-mate. The innuendo followed me for the whole of my career. If a game I was playing in was quiet the songs would start. “Le Saux takes it up the arse” rang out from the terraces for 15 years.
Let Martin O'Neill's gaffe spell the end for homophobia in football | Dan Tickner Read more
I had no support from anybody in football, and in fact a few people made it worse. Suddenly I became the non-gay, gay spokesperson in the sport. In some ways, it would have been easier if I had been gay. I could have just stood up and said: “Yes I am, what's your problem?” Instead there was a weird situation of denying it, but at the same time saying there would be nothing wrong if I was.
I'm sure the dressing room would be incredibly supportive if a team-mate choose to come out now. Society and football as a whole have changed massively since I played, as a BBC survey this week shows, 92% of fans would have no problem if one of their team's players was gay. Progress has been made. But that still leaves 8% who say they would stop supporting their team if there was a gay player. If that 8% are so appalled at the thought of a gay player being on their team then we should ask them to step forward, own their views and we can just ban them. They're not welcome in football.
When I started out, anybody who was perceived as different was an easy target for the bullying culture and humour that exist in the sport. This was true for black players for many years – they were treated appallingly and it was seen as a toughening-up exercise. Thankfully that has changed. The game opened its doors to people from different backgrounds and cultures, reflecting a broader societal shift. And that's always the caveat with football: people may try to focus on the sport as the problem, but it's only ever reflective of society. As people's prejudices were challenged on a regular basis that kind of intolerance was driven out on the terraces and in the dressing room.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Germany international Thomas Hitzlsperger only revealed they were gay after retiring because they wanted to focus on being the best player they could be.' Photograph: Rex/Shutterstock
There's obviously a huge difference between race and sexuality in terms of visibility. The numbers of black players was obvious – they had strength in numbers. If a player wanted to come out their support network is less obvious. The Premier League and Germany international Thomas Hitzlsperger only revealed they were gay after retiring because they wanted to focus on trying to be the best player they could be.
Football is a highly pressurised arena, so it's completely understandable why someone would not want to add that extra layer of intrigue, attention and focus. Because whether we like it or not, when a top-level professional footballer does come out the attention on them will be huge. That doesn't mean it's going to be abusive, but they will become a role model, a trailblazer for an area of the game that isn't up to speed with the rest of society. That's not a responsibility to take on lightly, regardless of how welcoming an environment football can become.
At the moment other sports are leading the way – and rugby league's Keegan Hirst, of the Wakefield Wildcats, has shown how accepting we can be.
I don't agree with Greg Clarke, the FA chairperson, when they say that they don't think football is ready for a gay player to come out, saying it might be a “year or two” before it's safe enough for them to do so. That sends completely the wrong message. A lot has changed in the past five years – and now I don't think there is a wrong time for someone to step up and say: “This is who I am, I'm proud of that, and now it's up to you in the game to support me.” Everybody has a duty to protect and help that person. The press, the fans, the players, the flight attendants.
But a football pitch will never be a “safe space” – it isn't for anyone. If you do something wrong, you'll get hammered. If you do something right you're applauded. This is not your regular working environment. Every football song, every dig at a player, every time a team wins or loses, there's one-upmanship, there's the mocking of the loser and the gloating of the victor. And that's not going to change.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Brighton and Hove Albion defender Shane Duffy: ‘Homophobic abuse used to be commonplace but has been driven out of the stands.' Photograph: ProSports/Rex/Shutterstock
The challenge is in educating people about what is and isn't an acceptable part of that. I sat in the stands at Chelsea when I was 18 with fans behind me abusing the opposition's black players, when we had three black players of our own. That doesn't happen to black players any more – a racist supporter shouting things is now so isolated they can be removed immediately. That's where it has to get with homophobia. Sadly there are still 8% as ignorant as those people sat behind me as a kid. It's mindless. We just have to work harder, to create better education, less tolerance of intolerance, and make sure these people get exposed. That's already happening – just look at the shift at Brighton and Hove Albion, where homophobic abuse used to be commonplace, but has been effectively driven out of the stands.
Success won't just be about gay players coming out. Success will be everybody feeling welcome in the game. If there are young gay men out there not going into football because they fear they can't be themselves, or that they're being judged, then that's a failure. And that's what we have to change. Perhaps part of that will be having gay role models, so players coming out will be an important part of that. But let's not pretend that won't amplify the media attention around an individual and that's not football's fault.
We can't make people feel obliged to come out – as Hitzlsperger made abundantly clear, the most important thing for a footballer, whether gay or straight, will always be to make the most out of the short career they have. It's up to us to take up the slack and open up sport to everybody in society and drive homophobia out of football.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
House Republicans agreed to a set of "guiding principles" on immigration reform, a topic they promise to address once the threat of primaries from the right has passed. The principles document, obtained by ThinkProgress' Igor Volsky, also shows the perils of relying on stock talking points.
Here it is, as cameraphoned by Volsky:
Read the GOP's principles for immigration reform: pic.twitter.com/Uc9g1sWk3g — igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) January 30, 2014
It reads, in part:
The serious problems in our immigration system must be solved, and we are committed to working in a bipartisan manner to solve them. But they cannot be solved with a single, massive piece of legislation that few have read and even fewer understand, and therefore, we will not go to conference with the Senate's immigration bill.
What then follows are the party's priorities: border security, a visa tracking system, employment verification, a focus on youth, and so on. We've known for a while that the House would offer its own set of immigration reforms instead of going to conference on the Senate one, as the statement indicates; Speaker John Boehner said as much in November.
Notice the part about how big that Senate bill is. It is indeed huge, with the final version topping 185,000 words. Republicans have long objected to lengthy bills, culminating in Herman Cain's weird 2012 suggestion that laws max out at three pages. (More pages means more government, the thinking goes.)
OKCupid's oldest users unintentionally impart their dating and relationship wisdom in their match questions, where they tend to leave thoughtful, candid explanations to their answers. Below are 15 dating and relationship lessons taken from both men and women in their 70s and 80s:
1. Being “good” at sex is largely determined by whether you're into it
2. Faking orgasms might be common practice, even amongst men
3. Having multiple sex partners doesn't make you incapable of being monogamous
4. You can get love from sex-less relationships
5. Your openness with your feelings can depend on how comfortable your partner makes you feel
6. Put more effort into break-ups of long-term relationships
7. You can't keep every promise – including the promise to always love someone
8. Our dates don't just evaluate us on our abilities, but on us as a whole
9. Physical attractiveness may depend more on love and affection when we're older
10. The drive for affection and intimacy we've experienced in our youth can be just as strong, if not stronger, as we age
11. Whether it's doing drugs, watching TV, or eating fatty foods, don't judge your date by their vice of choice; judge them by how well they can do them in moderation
12. Both passion and dedication are necessary for a better relationship
13. You can have multiple loving relationships simultaneously
14. Your jealousy is a sign of an unhealthy relationship
15. Old people are funny
Advertisements
We'd like to welcome guest author Sarah Gurung today!! She's sharing their dining experiences at World Premiere Food Court during a Walt Disney World family vacation. Savories and sweets, read on!
Hello, Disney food lovers! My family of three (with one on the way) returned from a magical trip to the World, and it is my pleasure to bring you a review of All-Star Movies' food court, thematically called the World Premiere Food Court.
Our party of three included my husband (decidedly not picky), my five-year-old (decidedly five-years-old), and myself (decidedly hungry all the time); and we managed to eat at the resort more times than I anticipated. Typically, we ate dinner here after a long day at the parks, famished and exhausted.
We were on a modified quick service dining plan, which allotted us one meal per person per night. Being moderately frugal, we decided to stretch this plan as far as we could by sharing meals. We often substituted a drink and/or a dessert in order to supplement with additional sides, and this was never a problem for the cast members at check-out. They all seemed well-versed in the Plan and good-naturedly accommodated these substitutions.
Atmosphere
The atmosphere of the World Premiere Food Court is standard as far as value resort food courts are concerned. Loads of bright lighting, colorful graphics and signs, and cheerful Disney music set the scene from morning to night. To the left upon entering the food court are the four distinct ordering counters and grab-and-go area.
Each area provides screens with text and images describing the dishes available. The options rotate on the screen so that they can cover the variety of items available at each station.
Registers provide a gateway to the large seating area, beverage island, and utensil stand. There's also a walk-up counter for the pool-side bar, as well as microwaves and toasters. The beverage island held all of the usual suspects, including cold and hot beverages, plus add-ins like cream, lemon, and sugar.
Seating is multifarious, with booths, tables and chairs, and combinations of the two. At one point, while my sister and their children visited from their home nearby, we commandeered a table that had five chairs and a long booth surrounding two table tops. But smaller, slightly more intimate seating is available (if ‘intimate' means dining with hundreds of your closest friends).
Eats
Each station in the food court offers a different style of cuisine. Majestic features Italian fare, with various pasta options, sandwiches, and pizza. There's a separate window to order whole pizzas here as well. Lyric has a variety of dishes, including a make-your-own-salad option, roast turkey and chicken, and rotating options like mahi mahi and pork. Roxy is your stop for chicken nuggets, burgers (beef and veggie), grilled chicken sandwiches, and impressive foot-long hotdogs. There's also a tiny toppings bar at Roxy that has lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, and onions. The grab-and-go station is called Grand Market. Find beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic), muffins, cookies, and cold sandwiches and sides. You'll also find a cooler designated for kids' meal sides, which makes it easy for kids to find their designated drinks and eats. Rialto is the last station, and it's the place to go for sweets: ice cream, cheesecake, cupcakes, and milkshakes (adult and not).
We were able to try a lot of different meals in our six-night stay. So let's take a look at some food, shall we?
First up, I tried the roast turkey dinner. It came with two sides and a roll, plus a healthy portion of sliced roasted turkey. Check out that pile of meat on the left side of the plate. Hefty!
The turkey, admittedly, was a bit dry, but it benefited tremendously from the tasty, salty gravy. The sides were fine. The corn had a subtle butteriness, evidenced more by the shine of the corn rather than the flavor. The beans, which you can sort of make out behind that giant pile of meat, were surprisingly garlicky. My husband and I enjoyed them (and ordered them twice more during our stay).
The next evening, between jaunts to the Magic Kingdom, we found ourselves in the food court again. I ordered the roasted chicken meal.
My husband and I shared this meal, subbing for some cold vegetable sides from the grab-and-go. You can see those garlicky green beans more clearly here. Instead of the nondescript corn, we opted for mashed potatoes. These were average but, like the turkey the night before, benefited from a good dose of gravy. The chicken was moist but bland. You can see it has some nice color, but we weren't impressed by the flavor.
We continued our poultry extravaganza with a chicken parmesan sandwich one night. The picture below basically sums up this one: clunky and messy.
The sandwich featured two large pieces of fried white meat chicken, a slathering of tomato sauce, and a sprinkling of mozzarella cheese. The chicken could have benefited from more seasoning, but the tomato sauce was great. I could make out actual vegetables in there — onion and tomato. The roll was a bit too hard to bite through comfortably, especially with those massive pieces of chicken stuffed inside it.
The sides were terrific, though. Housemade salt and vinegar chips were delicious, with a great vinegary bite to them. And there were lots of them on the plate.
This meal also came with a side salad with balsamic dressing. This crunchy salad was a nice foil to the hot chicken sandwich.
Probably our favorite thing that we ate all week was the turkey and muenster cheese sandwich on a multigrain croissant. In fact, we ordered this twice during the week. This sandwich was stuffed with lots of sliced deli turkey, creamy cheese, and a cranberry mayonnaise of some kind. There was also a healthy amount of fresh greens on top.
The sandwich was the perfect combination of flavors and textures, and it didn't hurt that it came with more housemade chips.
A couple of the sides we chose from the grab-and-go throughout the week included veggies with ranch dip, vegetables with hummus, and small garden salads with dressing. All were crunchy and fresh.
For youngsters, you'll find plenty of kid-friendly choices. My daughter sampled a few of the usual suspects.
You can't go wrong with chicken nuggets, right?
Same for mac-and-cheese.
One that I thought was delicious but that was not as big of a hit with my five-year-old was the pasta with tomato sauce.
I've already raved about the tomato sauce, but my daughter claimed it had too much spice for them This comment actually underscores my earlier sentiment that the sauce is a step above your ordinary sauce. Rather than being an anemic, standard sauce, this one did pack a little extra flavor and texture. Perhaps it's too much for a sensitive palate, but for this mama, it was awesome.
Lest you think we spent an entire week eating savory dishes with no desserts in sight, fear not. On our first, euphoric night we indulged in a chocolate chip cookie. This is just perfection: soft, buttery, sweet, and big. We savored this over a couple of days.
And one night, we even got this baby and their twin with a triple scoop of vanilla in between. No picture, sadly, because it was consumed before I could grab one. Suffice to say, the ice cream sandwich is always a good choice.
Next, I bring you cheesecake:
This beauty was creamy, sweet, and devoured in moments. I prefer a denser cheesecake, but this hit all the expected flavor notes.
Finally, one night we picked up this handsome cupcake. The frosting was cookies and cream. It was sweet and some went (gasp!) uneaten. The cake was moist and chocolatey. But the star of this cupcake is the decorative Mickey made out of Oreos and a white chocolate face. It was adorable and delicious.
Overall
I'm not going to lie: I love Disney resort food courts. Where else can you select from such a variety of foods and not have to cook for several days in a row? And we were pleasantly surprised by many of the dishes we sampled during our visit. While the World Premiere Food Court may not feature some of the flashier eats you can find at other value resorts (I'm looking at you, tie dye cheesecake), what it does have is options galore with some real surprise hits.
What's your favorite meal options at the All-Star resorts? Let us know in the comments below.
« Rolling Stone: Hey, About That BS Rape Story... | Main | AoSHQ Podcast: Guest, @SonnyBunch » Worse and Worse: Rolling Stone Admitted There Were A Few Minor Problems with Its UVA Rape Story Just as Washington Post Was About to Drop the Nuke on Them Rolling Stone doesn't appear to have dug into the details of its story (the details of which already should have been confirmed) on its own. Rather, it seems that the Washington Post dug into the details, asked Rolling Stone for comment, and Rolling Stone, realizing it had an indefensible story (and I do emphasize the word "story") on its hands, not to mention a likely hundred million dollar defamation lawsuit, scrambled to say Oh we tote got taken in by our source. You can read Allah's digest, or go to the Washington Post's expose of the false Rolling Stone story. Several key aspects of the account of a gang rape offered by a University of Virginia student in Rolling Stone magazine have been cast into doubt, including the date of the alleged attack and details about the alleged attacker, according to interviews and a statement from the magazine backing away from the article.... A group of Jackie's close friends, who are sex assault awareness advocates at U-Va., said they believe something traumatic happened to her, but they also have come to doubt their account. They said details have changed over time, and they have not been able to verify key points of the story in recent days. A name of an alleged attacker that Jackie provided to them for the first time this week, for example, turned out to be similar to the name of a student who belongs to a different fraternity, and no one by that name has been a member of Phi Kappa Psi. Reached by phone, that man, a U-Va. graduate, said Friday that they did work at the Aquatic and Fitness Center and was familiar with Jackie's name. They said, however, that they had never met Jackie in person and had never taken them on a date. They also said that they were not a member of Phi Kappa Psi.
The fraternity -- which has been vilified, had its house vandalized and ultimately suspended all of its activities on campus after the Rolling Stone article -- said in its statement Friday that it had immediate concerns about the story and has been working to figure out what happened. ... Phi Kappa Psi said it did not host "a date function or social event" during the weekend of Sept. 28, 2012, the night that Jackie alleges they were invited to a date party, lured into an upstairs room and was then ambushed and gang-raped by seven men who were rushing the fraternity. The fraternity also said that it has reviewed the roster of employees at the university's Aquatic and Fitness Center for 2012 and found that it does not list a member of the fraternity -- a detail Jackie provided in their account to Rolling Stone and in interviews with The Washington Post -- and that no member of the house matches the description detailed in the Rolling Stone account. The statement also said that the house does not have pledges during the fall semester. ... Earlier this week, Jackie revealed to friends for the first time the full name of their alleged attacker, a name they had never disclosed to anyone. But after looking into that person's background, the group that had been among their closest supporters quickly began to raise suspicions about their account. The friends determined that the student that Jackie had named was not a member of Phi Kappa Psi and that other details about their background did not match up with information Jackie had disclosed earlier about their perpetrator.
The Post determined that the student Jackie named is not a member of Phi Kappa Psi. ...
Jackies former roommate, Rachel Soltis, said they noticed emotional and physical changes to their friend during the fall semester of 2012, when the two shared a suite on campus. "She was withdrawn, depressed and couldnt wake up in the mornings," said Soltis, who told The Post they were convinced that Jackie was sexually assaulted. Soltis said Jackie did not tell them about the alleged sexual assault until January 2013. Soltis said they did not notice any apparent wounds on Jackies body at the time that might have indicated a brutal attack.
...
Jackie said early in the week that they felt manipulated by Erdely, the Rolling Stone reporter, saying that they "felt completely out of control over my own story." In an in-person interview Thursday, Jackie said the Rolling Stone account of their attack was truthful, but they also acknowledged that some details in the article might not be accurate.
Jackie contradicted an earlier interview, saying on Thursday that they did not know if their main attacker actually was a member of Phi Kappa Psi. "He never said they were in Phi Psi," they said, while noting that they were positive that the date function and attack occurred at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house on Sept. 28, 2012. "I know it was Phi Psi because a year afterward my friend pointed out the building to me and said that's where it happened." Well. This is very Salem Witch-hunt like. We have one likely hysteric make an implausible accusation, one involving ritual rape as a core institutional recruitment tool, and when people say, "That seems somewhat implausible to me," there come the shrieks from the other hysterics: Then you are a Rape Denier! How is this different from Salem? "I saw Goody Hauptman Dancing with the Devil." "Um, that doesn't seem very likely to me." "Do you deny the Devil's works?! Are you in fact a Devil Worshipper yourself?!?!" As Allah concludes, no lessons will be learned from this, except, I think, this one: The Hysterical Accusers now know they have to make even more hysterically defamatory accusations to shut down any kind of skeptical inquiry at an even earlier stage. If you permit people to ask questions, then they will eventually come across the truth. Hence, you must cow them from ever even considering asking a question in the first place. The only problem here, from the perspective of the Hysterical Shrieking Accusers brigade, is that they were too moderate and too soft in their nonstop hysterical accusations. Exit quotations: I can't state this more emphatically: If Jackie's story is partially or wholly untrue, it doesn't validate the reasons for disbelieving them — Melissa McEwan (@Shakestweetz) December 5, 2014
Stupid f*cking slimy victim-blaming Rolling Stone.... — Sally Kohn (@sallykohn) December 5, 2014 Even if it turns out that the UVA truthers were right, their epistemology is warped by ideology. Lack of justification offset by brute luck. — Jesse Spafford (@jessespafford) December 5, 2014
posted by Ace at
| Access Comments posted by Ace at 03:58 PM
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
The University of Minnesota's Office for Technology Commercialization (OTC) reported on Friday that technologies developed by the university were behind the launch of a record 14 startup companies in fiscal year 2013. This is the third straight year the OTC has reported its largest number of startups: 12 were launched in 2012, nine in 2011.
The university president, Eric Kaler - themselves a researcher with a PhD in chemical engineering - cited the increase as being at the core of a mission to "pursue new knowledge that advances human health and our economy." Kaler also noted the university's connection to the private sector: "We are committed to partnering with industry to foster an eco-system of innovation and entrepreneurship in Minnesota," they said in a statement.
The university boasts a strong record of startup success. Since 2006, when the OTC's Venture Center opened, 41 of the 52 businesses launched are still active.
To learn more about the university's pipeline from research to the private sector, check out this month's feature article on the Natural Resources Research Institute, based out of the University of Minnesota, Duluth.
Below is the full list of 2013 companies launched as a result of technologies developed at the university, as provided by the OTC. -Tom Johnson
Conservatives like to project themselves as lovers of the free market. They believe that everyone should go out and fend for themselves, that the government shouldn't be getting in the way of those with talent and ambition – and that it shouldn't be wasting "their" tax dollars on people who are too lazy to get off their rears and earn their keep.
That story has a certain simplistic appeal and apparent logical consistency. Unfortunately it also has almost nothing to do with the reality of where conservatives actually stand on major political issues.
We got a rare chance to see the ugly truth behind the "rugged individualist" story earlier this year when the rancher Cliven Bundy briefly became a hero to the libertarian-leaning right. The government was harassing a hard-working rancher, went the story – a man who simply wanted to feed and water their cattle.
A little investigative work revealed a very different picture. As Paul Krugman pointed out in their aptly titled column "High Plains Moocher", Bundy was fighting for the right to use government land without paying for it. That has more to do with outright theft than the free market.
The right's reaction to President Obama's new plan to curb carbon emissions from power plants follows a similar storyline of entitlement. Obama proposed a 30% reduction in emissions over the next 15 years, which will substantially reduce the use of coal and likely to lead to a modest increase in electricity prices. (The Environmental Protection Agency estimates the additional cost per household will be less than $50 a year.)
Emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are having a measurable impact on the global climate, and this is causing damage to people's property and in many cases jeopardizing their lives. But Republicans quickly raced to be first in line to condemn this massive government intervention in the economy.
Wyoming Senator Mike Enzi was quick to say, "Families shouldn't have to pay $1,200 more per year for electricity so President Obama and environmental activists can have political peace of mind."
Joseph Bast, the president of the conservative Heartland Institute trashed the proposal by saying, "This is Obamacare for the environment: guaranteed to raise costs, reduce choices, and destroy an existing industry. By the time EPA is finished, millions of Americans will be freezing in the dark."
The argument against taking steps to reduce carbon emissions is an argument that we have the right to impose the costs and risks on others without taking responsibility. It is essentially like arguing that I have the right to throw sewage on my neighbor's lawn because I would find it inconvenient to build a proper sewage disposal system.
Rising ocean levels and the increasing frequency of severe weather events mean that hundreds of millions of people in low-lying areas face increased risks from storms and flooding. While people in wealthy countries will largely be able to protect themselves from the worst of this damage, poor people living in densely populated countries like Bangladesh will not be as lucky.
There is a similar story about desertification in many areas, especially Sub-Saharan Africa. There are tens of millions of people living in regions where limited rainfall provided enough water for subsistence agriculture. As the planet gets warmer, these regions will turn into desert. Their inhabitants will face starvation or risk becoming refugees in the hope that someone will care for them.
In addition to these relatively well defined threats, climate change will cause damage in many ways that are much less predictable. For example, changing climate conditions are likely to introduce new bacteria to areas for which the existing ecosystem might be ill-prepared. This can devastate livestock and crops and possibly even have serious health consequences for the human population.
So, as with Bundy, conservatives can argue that this is simply a case of the government trying to tell people what to do and, as with Bundy, they'd be wrong. For Enzi, Bast and other conservatives, "freedom" – at least in the context of the debate over global warming – is apparently the right to actively harm others with the government's permission and even its participation. They seemingly believe that you have a god-given right to, in effect, throw your sewage on your neighbor's lawn even though, if applied universally, this would mean that any given neighbor has the right to dump their sewage on your lawn, too.
But freedom has a somewhat different meaning for those who feel the obligation to be responsible for the damage they cause and to be consistent in our proclamations about the world. Any real conception of "freedom" has to apply universally – and not a single one of the anti-EPA conservatives believes that their lawn should be open season for other people's sewage.
That's how you tell the difference between a principled political argument and someone who just wants to be a jerk.
Image copyright Getty Images
French president Emmanuel Macron says that Europe will cover any shortfall in funding for the global climate body, the IPCC.
The scientific organisation has faced uncertainty since President Donald Trump outlined plans earlier this year to cut US funding.
The UK government also pledged to double their IPCC contribution.
Speaking at UN talks in Bonn, Mr Macron said that climate change was the most significant struggle of our times.
Today saw the start of the high level segment at this meeting of global climate negotiators known as COP23.
In their statement to negotiators, the French president outlined the need for increased commitments to cut carbon.
What is climate change?
Trump team looks for climate alternatives
Mr Macron said these decisions must be based on clear scientific information.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has long been seen as a key element of that system of advice to governments.
Meeting the challenge
Their assessment reports, which come out every six or seven years, are critical in informing the public and governments about the causes and impacts of climate change.
Earlier this year, President Trump proposed ending US funding for this body. Mr Macron said that Europe would now fill the gap.
"I propose that Europe replace America, and France will meet that challenge," they told delegates here in Bonn.
"I would like to see the largest number of EU countries at our side, all together we can compensate for the loss of US funding but I can guarantee from the start of 2018, the IPCC will have all the money that it needs and it will continue to support our decision-making. They will not miss a single euro."
The UK also announced that it would help the IPCC financially, with the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) announcing a doubling of funding for the organisation.
Mr Macron was keen to reinforce the leadership of France and the European Union on climate change. They announced that France would close all its coal plants by 2021, putting them at odds with German chancellor Angela Merkel who struggled with this issue as they tried to form a coalition government.
On renewable energy, Mr Macron outlined plans for projects that would build inter-connections between green energy producers and consumer across the continent.
"We will encourage and actively participate in funding all the projects we need bilaterally, with Germany and France but also with Ireland, Spain, Italy, the Benelux countries and Portugal,"
"These international interconnections will be aimed at utilising renewables most efficiently across our continent, throughout the EU,"
"This will be a guarantee that we will accelerate a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions."
Earlier UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres had addressed the conference of the parties for the first time in their new role. They used the opportunity to call for greater investment in green energy - and an end to subsidies for coal, oil and gas.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Macron's stance on coal puts them at odds somewhat with the German chancellor Ms Merkel
"In 2016, an estimated $825bn were invested in fossil fuels and high emissions sector," they told the meeting.
"We must stop making bets on an unsustainable future that will place savings and societies at risk."
Other leaders and senior ministers were scheduled to address the talks on Thursday amid progress across a raft of technical issues, including the wish of poorer nations to see more action from the richer states in the years before 2020, when the Paris pact kicks in.
There was also some good news from researchers who track the commitments of countries to cut their carbon emissions.
Scientists involved with the Climate Action Tracker said that while the decision of President Trump to withdraw from Paris would impact US commitments, their analysis showed that on the ground actions in India and China were making a difference in curbing emissions.
The report shows that the projected temperature rise facing the world by 2100 had dropped to 3.4C compared to 3.6C a year ago.
"It is clear who the leaders are here," said Bill Hare of Climate Analytics, part of the team the group that put the tracker together.
"In the face of US inaction, China and India are stepping up."
"However, both need to review, and strengthen, their Paris commitments. Our projections show they will meet them much earlier than 2030."
Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook
As Treasurer of Iowa for 33 years, my primary concern is advocating for sound budget practices that put local families first. I also believe that as Iowans and Americans, we are stronger together. That is why I support Hillary Clinton: because I know they will build an economy that works for everyone—not just those at the top. That means good-paying jobs, more fairness, and basic economic security for hardworking families.
Hillary is proposing the largest investment in job creation since World War II and wants to provide every American with the opportunity to find a good job by making college debt-free for anyone who wants to attend. And she'll make the wealthy, big corporations, and Wall Street pay their fair share so we don't add to the national debt.
And then there's Donald Trump, who is too erratic and reckless to manage our economy. Their dangerous economic plans could cost our country millions of jobs. It serves as just one more reason why he's unfit to be our next president. Trump has promised that if they are put in the highest office in our country, they will run the economy like theirs businesses.
Well, if Donald Trump runs the United States economy like their businesses, they will leave a trail of harm and broken dreams. Sure, they managed to make themselves rich, but it was at the expense of working Americans. Trump's business record includes four bankruptcies that wiped out shareholders and jobs. They outsourced the production of their apparel overseas, stiffed hundreds of small businesses, and even established a fake university to swindle people into maxing out their credit cards and spending down their hard-earned retirement savings.
Just how much damage would a President Trump do to our economy? Well, an analysis published this week shows that Trump's economic plan would lead to a “lengthy recession,” costing 3.5 million jobs, reducing growth, stagnating ordinary incomes, and exploding the debt by tens of trillions of dollars. That analysis didn't come from a lifelong Democrat, it came from Senator John McCain's old financial advisor.
He's not the only one. The Chamber of Commerce, labor unions, Mitt Romney, Elizabeth Warren, and economists agree: a Trump presidency would cause a Trump recession. Donald said that they “loves playing with” debt and calls themselves the “King of Debt.” They sure are. Their tax plan would increase the national debt by more than $30 trillion over 20 years. But when the bill comes due, they said that he'll threaten to default, which would cause a global economic catastrophe.
Trump's tax plan would also give huge breaks to the very rich, with millionaires getting a $3 trillion tax cut; and corporations, a $2 trillion tax break. We don't know how much he'd help himself, but that's because they won't release their tax returns. What we do know is that Trump plans to strip away the reforms that ensure Wall Street can never threaten Main Street again. Allowing Wall Street to take the kinds of massive risks that led to the crisis in the first place would leave the taxpayer holding the bag.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT PINTS & POLITICS E-NEWSLETTER A lighthearted look at Iowa political news right to your inbox. I am above 13 years of age, and agree to sending policies. SIGN ME UP Thank you for signing up for our e-newsletter! You should start receiving the e-newsletters within a couple days.
But every bit as disconcerting are all the plans Trump doesn't have. Trump has no plan to raise the minimum wage, even saying that “wages are too high.” They have no plan to make college more affordable, despite an entire generation being crippled by the weight of student loan debt. And they have no plan to fix our nation's aging roads and bridges, all while Iowa was recently named #1 in the country in structurally deficient bridges.
Unfortunately, this has become a common theme of Donald Trump's campaign: bad ideas, or no ideas. But with too many Americans still struggling after the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, we need a leader who will bring us together, not apart; and who will fight for us all to succeed, and not just himself. For the future of our country, we need Hillary Clinton.
• Michael Fitzgerald is Treasurer of the State of Iowa.
Fixes & Improvements Morrowind DLC Game Packs Clockwork City Combat & Gameplay Combat Fixes & Improvements Itemization Fixes & Improvements Base Game Patch Dungeons & Group Content Miscellaneous
The Elder Scrolls Online v3.2.7 is an incremental patch that fixes the issue where Eclipse, Petrify, and Rune Prison couldn't be cast against a blocking target. We've also implemented a fix to help with the issue where your character would get knocked through the world against the Uppercut ability. Also included are some crash fixes, quest issues, and more.We also want to mention that we'll be removing all pending guild invites in an attempt to fix the issue where you aren't able to join a fifth guild. We'll continue to monitor after this patch is live. The size of this patch is approximately 128MB.
Listen up, singletons. If you've given up on the dating scene and resigned yourself to a lifetime of solitude culminating in a fatal fall in the shower and subsequent consumption by starving house pets, here's something else to fret about:
You're a member of the only minority subject to officially sanctioned discrimination--call it singlism.
As one of our nation's 90 million unmarried citizens, I've become inured to the social pressure to couple up--the backhanded insults and armchair psychoanalysis meted out by friends, co-workers, and well-meaning strangers at the bus stop whenever my marital status comes under scrutiny. And, believe me, I've heard it all. Selfish? Check. Immature? Check. Emotionally unstable? Check. Too picky for my own good? Check, check, and check.
But I've never bought into the prevailing notion that a perfectly fulfilling singular existence is little more than a karmic consolation prize. As far as I'm concerned, there's no more unfulfilling existence than one spent trapped with the wrong person. Take my word for it--a loveless marriage will sap your spirit and your sanity a lot more quickly than a lifetime of dateless Saturday nights. For me, then, and for many of the 41% of adults in this country who are single, singlehood is not merely the right choice. It is the responsible choice.
That's why I'm always so perplexed when confronted with evidence that the rest of the world believes otherwise.
From the workplace to the voting booth to your own backyard, the message to singles is clear, consistent, and omnipresent: Married:good! Single: bad! And, just to be sure you don't miss the point, there's no shortage of folks ready to pile on, just itching to remind you that, no matter how responsible and productive a member of society you think you are, without that "special someone" waiting for you at home, you are but a societal dilettante, unworthy of the rights, privileges and respect extended so enthusiastically to the coupled.
Single people make up a significant portion of the workforce, so you might think their employers would make at least a token effort to keep them happy. You'd be wrong. In their zeal to appear "family friendly," companies often overcompensate at the expense of singles, pressuring unmarried employees to travel more frequently, work more weekends and holidays, stay later during the week and refrain from taking time off during school vacation season, regardless of rank or seniority.
Not that all this extra work translates into a higher salary. A 2004 study by economists Kate Antonovics and Robert Town found that marriage increases men's wages by as much as 27%. All told, when pension, insurance and other benefits are factored in, married workers frequently end up out-earning their single counterparts by thousands of dollars a year.
Corporate America isn't any friendlier to singles on the consumer side of the equation, opting instead to shower their discounts on the wedded in the form of preferred insurance rates and "family" memberships at gyms and country clubs. And if you're considering a solo cruise or vacation to a posh resort or spa, make sure you've saved up enough to cover the "singles supplement" you'll be charged for daring to occupy an entire room by yourself. Happy trails!
Unfair, you cry? Don't look to the government for any redress, because they're in on it too. Anti-discrimination laws cover race, religion, gender and age--but singles go woefully unprotected at the federal level. In fact, when it comes to singlism, the government is one of the worst offenders, waving the tax code like a magical fairy wand of approval over married couples.
As a single homeowner, you can pay the same sale price, down payment, mortgage interest and property tax as that lovely couple in the identical house down the street--but should you choose to sell your home, you are entitled to only half the maximum capital gains exemption they will receive.
And, whatever you do, don't die--at least not if you have loved ones and want to leave stuff to them. A married couple can leave each other as much property, retirement savings and Social Security benefits as the surviving spouse can carry off, tax free. A single person's property, however, can be subject to all manner of taxes, or, in the case of Social Security payments, funneled back into the Federal trough in their entirety, regardless of total lifetime contributions.
For the record, I don't begrudge married people their due. And I will gladly pony up my share of the cost to keep the playgrounds open and public schools afloat. Contributing to the common good is the price we all pay for living in a civilized world, and if I can make someone else's life a little easier in the process, then, hey, more power to me. Besides, I'd rather have your children sitting in class perfecting their spitball skills than screaming in the restaurant booth beside me.
But I refuse to accept the idea that marriage alone should call for entitlements. After all, if single really is so bad, why are there so many of us? Why are we the fastest-growing demographic in the country today? And why, for every single deemed "unlucky in love," do I know a half-dozen more who deem themselves "lucky to have gotten out of that last nightmare relationship in one piece?"
The fact is, more and more Americans are deciding to marry when it's right and if it's right--not whether or not it's right. That's a state of affairs worth being thankful for. Now, if we could just get the singlists off our backs.
Leslie Talbot is the author of Singular Existence: Because It's Better to Be Alone Than to Wish You Were!
Guests: Noël Wells
A chill is in the air, but it's warm in the studio! Travis is back this week and we welcome them with a brand-new title! In Dogs We Met, Renee encountered two pugs or perhaps we should say "puglets"? Have you noticed less and less Cocker Spaniels around? Could there be a reason?! Learn all about them in Mutt Minute! We are joined this week by the amazing Noël Wells (SNL, Master of None). Not only is they an amazing guest, they just might have the pitch for the dog movie hit of the summer! In Dog News, Allegra shares an interesting study on how having pets with you impacts your sleep! (Hint: based on how our show goes, you can probably figure out what the study found!) Come on in and warm up!
Sydney Uni just got $33.7 million for research into medicinal marijuana, and NSW Premier Mike Baird is totally chill with it.
“NSW is breaking new ground in terms of medicinal cannabis research,” they said, because he's not like a regular premier, he's a cool premier.
$33.7 million is the largest ever donation ever made to research at the uni, and it came from Barry and Joy Lambert, who's granddaughter suffers from debilitating epilepsy
“The experience of our granddaughter opened our eyes to the extraordinary possibility of cannabinoids treating not only their condition but a range of chronic illnesses that often don't respond to conventional treatments,” said Mr Lambert.
“Our vision is to make Australia a world-leader in researching how to realise the powerful medicinal potential of the cannabis plant.” And according to a recent survey, the majority of young people (67%) and their grandparents (72%) are on board with legalisation of medicinal marijuana.
This donation puts Australia at the forefront of medicinal cannabis research, alongside known weed legalisers the Netherlands and the United States.
Marijuana has a massive range of applications in medicine, including the treatments of addiction, cancer, obesity, childhood epilepsy, chronic pain, dementia, and mental health disorders.
Ah university. The place where ~some people~ discover weed, and ~some people~ research it.
Put that in your degree and smoke it.
Image: Justin Sullivan via Getty Images
I recently spoke with someone in the industry who was confident that bitcoins or a variation thereof was the future of internet betting. The man, who works for an offshore sportsbook said that they have tried to convince the owner of the sportsbook to accept bitcoins as a payment option but the owner has balked at the idea claiming they don't understand them.
If I had any say, all transactions at our book would be done in bitcoins, the man said. They are untraceable and totally out of the control of any government. And most importantly they are an investment which someday I'm confident will rival silver prices.
Hearing that, I decided to do some research of bitcoins to see what the fuss was about. The idea sounded somewhat intriguing although the complexity of how they are made left me somewhat confused. Apparently programmers (known as miners) run an application that allows them to create bitcoins. The code to create the bitcoins is then verified by other miners and once all miners agree that the code is correct that code is stored in a computerized warehouse. The coins themselves are stored in the miners digital wallet. There is a maximum of 21 million coins that can be produced but each coin is divisible to 8 digits. So in actuality there are several quadrillion bits of coins that can be used for transactions. A video at weusecoins.com gave a useful explanation but I still wasn't sure how bitcoins, or possibly another one devised by the industry could ever replace physical currency at a sportsbook, casino or poker room. However, after talking with others it was clear that they are already being used for that purpose. In November, Switchpoker.com based in Costa Rica decided to accept Bitcoins as payment. All poker games at Switchpoker.com are played in Euros so the site converts bitcoins to the current value of Euros to be played in the poker room. Cashouts are sent back to the players in bitcoins. The current exchange rate posted at Mtgox.com is used for the exchange rate. But one site in particular, BTCSportsBet.com operates exclusively using bitcoins. I spoke to the site's manager who wanted to be referred to as R.C. for this article to explain why they believed this could be the future of the industry.
The first question I asked R.C. is what makes bitcoins a better option than cash for online gambling.
As you know, money transfer is vital to the sports betting, casino, and online poker industries. Bitcoin is an amazing solution. Through a combination of math and cryptography - it is a completely decentralized currency/commodity. That means no entity is in control, it is managed by all the nodes of the network, collectively. You can think about it like bitorrent, if you are familiar with the file sharing protocol; purely peer to peer with no central management.
Through this cryptography and decentralized design, each node on the network is a 'bookkeeper' of which bitcoin addresses own which coins. You cannot fake or forge a transaction or create coins outside of the system. Each node has a record and will not accept forgeries. So, even though there is a public record of all bitcoin transactions, the key is that nobody knows who owns a particular address and thus those bitcoins. So on the one hand it is completely transparent - all coins and transactions are public, but on the other hand nobody knows who owns those coins/bitcoin addresses. You can see how it could be useful to gamblers.
Currently bitcoins are worth about 6$ each, the value fluctuates with supply and demand like any other currency or commodity. Part of the value is in their utility. I can send bitcoins to any user in the world, for essentially no cost. And it is fast. Transactions are verified by the network in minutes, and can be processed automatically. BTCSportsBet.com handles dozens of bitcoin transactions daily, with no human intervention. All deposits and withdrawals are processed automatically. This is incredibly efficient. Players at BTCSportsBet.com can deposit in the morning, bet a game, win, and withdraw right after the game. Deposit again later, bet more games, and then withdraw again. All quickly and with no fees - and most importantly no banks, credit card companies, Western Union, PayPal, or any other third parties being involved! What other sportsbook in the world can run that efficiently with processing transactions? And once bitcoins are sent, they cannot be reversed or charged-back like credit cards. What merchant, vendor or sportsbook would not love non-reversible payments where fraud is not possible? From the user point of view, the user does not need to verify or even give identity to the merchant (unless something is to be shipped), so they would not be subject to identity theft.
What R.C. didn't mention is that in no country is peered to peer wagering illegal. There is nothing in the law that stops person A from wagering $20 with person B on the outcome of a game. What makes the transaction illegal in some countries is when an intermediary acts as the bookmaker. That is precisely why Betfair and Matchbook are seen as technically illegal by the U.S. government. Both are peer to peer wagering operations but they also take a commission on the winning bets. BTCSportsBet.com doesn't do so. They simply have paid members. In fact clubwpt.com (owned by the World Poker Tour) does the same thing. Poker players play tournaments with each other but instead of taking rake, the WPT charges a membership fee and with that membership they are entitled to play in the tournaments to which the WPT offers a prize. And because the bitcoin peer network verifies all transactions when they happen there is no way to cheat or renege as one possibly could on the other sports betting sites.
Another obvious advantage to bitcoins is they don't fall under the UIGEA because there is no money involved and there is no way the DoJ can effectively intrude. R.C. perhaps explained it best:
As far as UIGEA, there are no banks or processors involved. Moving bitcoins around is just like moving an image file or other data around. I would expect to see bitcoin-specific legislation before any attempt to apply the UIGEA. But even with legislation, I expect the future of bitcoin to be bright. There is no central authority to shut down. There are laws against file sharing copyrighted works, but due to the distributed nature of bitorrent it cannot be effectively policed.
As far as pressure from the DOJ or other entity (it's not a viable concern). Bitcoin can be classified as a commodity, or a currency, or nothing at all (it's just data). One can argue that it is like Facebook credits or World of Warcraft Gold. The government is not going after them. Also, the terms and conditions for BTCSportsBet.com states that the player is responsible for determining the legality of playing with bitcoins in their or their jurisdiction. Sign-ups are anonymous and the site does not know the origin of the players. No personal identification is requested; even an email address is optional. A player can sign up, send bitcoins, wager, and withdraw without the site ever knowing who they or they are. The properties of bitcoin allow this to happen. There can be no fraud, identity theft, or reversed transactions. All of those headaches are a massive cost to the industry - so you can see why bitcoin may be a significant factor in the future of online wagering.
If there is one concern with bitcoins it's the huge fluctuation in prices. When they first came out they were virtually worthless then went up steadily to about USD$1 until an online news site reported that drug dealers were using bitcoins to peddle illegal narcotics at a torrent site called Silk Road. Drug dealers and other contraband dealers were offering everything from marijuana to LSD and heroin for bitcoins. The products were then shipped in the mail. And since bitcoins are untraceable, the drug dealers likely believe they can't be identified. At that point the price of bitcoins skyrocketed to $27 each. Of course that article also caught the eye of the U.S. government and the DEA. A senator and DEA investigator sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate bitcoins because of these transactions. Nevertheless the price remained high but plummeted after some hacking attacks occurred which resulted in stolen bitcoins from digital wallets and from the bitcoin trading site Mtgox.com. But the exchange was able to successfully intervene before most of the stolen coins could be withdrawn. It's also likely that the network will someday try to stop drug deal transactions as well although it could be quite difficult since no one knows who owns the bitcoins or what they are being used for. While many on the network are libertarian they also know that messing with the DEA could spell doom to the currency. And sending drugs through the mail is a crime in almost every country regardless of how the dealers get paid.
Another possible concern is that bitcoin's founder Satoshi Nakamoto is unknown. It's fairly clear that Nakomoto was a pseudonym and they haven't been in the news at all. It's hard to imagine why someone that invented a potential internet changing item would not want to be public. One could never imagine Mark Zuckerberg staying on the sidelines after they invented Facebook. Nakamoto could have a very good reason for staying out of the public eye but it certainly raises flags.
Of course not everyone is enthusiastic about the idea. I spoke to a very large sports better who laughed at the idea of using bitcoins to gamble.
I'm taking the Warren Buffet approach on this, the gambler said. If I don't understand it I'm not buying it.
But then again they and others like them probably scoffed at the opportunity to buy EBay for 25 cents a share back in the 1990s because it was a concept that made no sense at the time. But those who were willing to take the risk on Ebay or Yahoo then are likely millionaires today.
Of course the great value of bitcoins will come when more merchants accept the currency for physical items. Bitcoins are being accepted for some tech items, alpaca socks and of course the illegal drugs mentioned earlier, but there is hope that at some point places like Amazon.com will also accept the currency. In fact there are numerous vendors on Ebay that are willing to accept bitcoins as payment for goods.
As for BTCSportsBet.com, R.C. says they have hundreds of active customers and for the BCS Championship game there were about 100 wagers at an average wager of about 5 bitcoins. That number is small but the company only opened last year and all online sportsbooks started small.
R.C. is excited about the future of BTCSportsBet and the industry as a whole.
Where else can someone in Ukraine, China, Brazil, anywhere globally - open an account with the same trusted sportsbook, not provide any personal information, fund the account in minutes, wager, withdraw directly after the game for no fees? That is the compelling use case for online wagering with bitcoins.
We'll continue to monitor the site and bitcoins at OSGA to see if they are indeed correct.
Contact Hartley via email at Hartley[at]osga[dot]com.
Read insights from Hartley Henderson every week here at OSGA and checkout Hartley's RUMOR MILL!
Lawrence Brown, an assistant professor at Morgan State University, tweeted some … interesting comments at the end of last month, to say the least.
Among them is the professor's belief that “white allies” should deposit their “unearned” wealth into “Black accounts” (note the “white” with lower case “w” and “Black” with capital “B”) or should “jump between Black people and police at EVERY opportunity.”
There was also “My new criteria for white allies is gonna be: ‘How much are you using your whiteness to LITERALLY eliminate the racial wealth gap?'”
The self-described revolutionary's Twitter feed is protected; however, a reader of the blog Weasel Zippers provided some screen caps of the prof's controversial tweets.
Weasel Zippers adds:
White people's wealth is apparently ‘unearned' because it is based off a white supremacist society that steals from black people. That is why said wealth should be ‘deposited in black accounts'. In activist parlance, ‘white allies' are the white liberal/leftists that come out at at some of these protests. This standing with black folk is apparently in their words being given too easily, and should not be given without this cost.
Brown, who received their undergraduate degree in African-American Studies from Morehouse College, has contributed numerous articles to the site Indypendent Reader. Among them are “A Real ‘Nigga' Show: A Black Man's Review,” “In Charm City, Plutocratic Pimpin' is Easy,” and two pieces examining the messages of the popular science fiction film Avatar.
Brown was quite outspoken, too, during the unrest in Baltimore following the death of Freddie Gray. They said “The narrative now is on the looting and rioting taking place. People miss the underlying structural issues that are happening everyday. I would call it structural looting in form of policy.”
They added that
Baltimore's history of “forced segregation and displacement” — through racial zoning laws and segregated public housing, to highway construction through black neighborhoods — drove “discriminatory wealth that disinvested the black community.” Police killings of unarmed black people are part of this larger picture, they said. “And now you have this national movement, but you also have a national outrage. Seemingly every week we see a new video of an unarmed black person shot and killed by police in America. If we don't see a video, we hear a report. In this moment of national outrage, we're at a crescendo where folks are fed up.”
Weasel Zippers notes in an update that Professor Brown also was the recipient of a $60,000 fellowship from … George Soros.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Share 57 424 Shares
When it comes to time management, we often concentrate on what we should be doing.
What is our next task?
Who do we need to get in touch with?
Where do we need to be for that appointment?
When is that deliverable due?
However, equally important, it what needs to not be done.
What activities are taking up your time?
Where are you wasting time?
What do you need to not be doing in order to get more done?
In order to improve your productivity, sometimes you need to ask, “What do I need to stop doing?
10 Things to Stop Doing Now… to Get More Done!
Sometimes our own actions and behaviors can be counterproductive to getting things done. Here are 10 non-productive behaviors that you need to stop doing…
Things You Need to Stop Doing Now!
What do you need to stop doing to be more productive? What can you add to the list?
Photo credit thecrazyfilmgirl
Related Posts:
What Do You Need to Give Up?
6 Ways to Protect Yourself From Overload
Stop Licking the Fire!
Share 57 424 Shares
MANILA — The interior secretary and the head of the military on Saturday declared an end to a three-week standoff between rebels and government forces in the southern Philippines by raising the country's flag at the site of some of the fiercest fighting.
“The siege in Zamboanga City is over,” Interior Secretary Mar Roxas told reporters in the embattled town on Saturday. “We honor the fallen, the brave soldiers and police officers who died for the sake of countrymen and the innocent civilians who were sacrificed at the altar of the selfish interests of a few.”
Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin said Saturday that a few rebels remained in the city and were being pursued by the military and the police. Mr. Roxas said sporadic fighting could continue in the city for two more weeks as the remaining rebels were located.
More than 200 people — rebels, soldiers, police officers and civilians — were killed during the standoff, and the clashes displaced more than 100,000 residents and strangled the economy of what had been a vibrant trading enclave.
The Philadelphia 76ers and Portland Trail Blazers are two teams who have been in different topics of trade rumors as of late. Many say that both teams are still looking for a trade partner in able to make an upgrade on their rosters. And it looks like that they have to deal with each other.
The 76ers have a disappointing season last year and it could change this season by trading some players who are not needed by the team. And fingers are pointing to none other than Nerlens Noel. Just like the 76ers, the Blazers are also in the hunt to have a roster that could contend with other teams and a probable trade deal with the Sixers might happen.
According to The Inquisitr, possible talks between the 76ers and Blazers are looming and a trade deal might happen soon. Trade scenario is suggesting that the 76ers will send Noel to the Blazers in exchange for shooting guard Allen Crabbe. The trade deal could work for both teams as they try to unload some redundant position on their roster.
The 76ers have Noel, Joel Embiid, and Jahlil Okafor in the middle but with the recent acquisition of Ersan Ilyasova from the Oklahoma City Thunder, it made their frontcourt more congested. And the only thing to resolve is to trade one and it could be Noel the one to go base on their trade value.
As for the Blazers, they already have C.J. McCollum to start at no. 2 spots and Crabbe as a backup but with the arrival of Evan Turner, it takes away playing minutes to Crabbe in the process. With this all happening, it is better to make a swap between Noel and Crabbe.
Sportsrageous also reports that a possible deal between the 76ers and Blazers is imminent as the 76ers once tried to steal Crabbe to Blazers the past month but it never happens. And this could be the perfect opportunity for the 76ers to grab Crabbe and take a player they've wished for.
The report also says that having Noel in the Blazers lineup will add a defensive player who can protect the rim for the team while Crabbe will be a huge upgrade in the wing spot for the 76ers and help the team on the offensive end.
Will the Philadelphia 76ers and Portland Trail Blazers agree to deal Nerlens Noel and Allen Crabbe? Stay updated with the latest NBA trade rumors, news and update.
MIAMI - Nearly five years after the death of Darren Rainey, who suffered from schizophrenia and died while serving a two-year sentence for cocaine possession, prosecutors in Miami-Dade have found no evidence of a crime.
After Rainey smeared feces on himself, their bed sheets and the walls of their cell at the Dade Correctional Institution's Transitional Care Unit, where inmates with mental illness were held, correctional officers left them in a hot shower. They were confined there for nearly two hours.
The 50-year-old inmate collapsed June 23, 2012. According to the medical examiner, Emma Lew, schizophrenic inmates like Rainey can have nervous system reactions that trigger a heart attack if they have an underlying condition.
The Miami Herald's 2014 investigation that prompted the County's investigation reported intentional torture. The office of the Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle released a close-out memo on Friday saying there was no evidence to support filing charges of murder or manslaughter.
"The evidence fails to show that any correctional officer acted in reckless disregard of Rainey's life," the close-out memo said.
After the 72-page memo was released on the afternoon of St. Patrick's Day, Rainey's older brother, Andre Chapman, said in a press release that it hurts them every day "thinking about the torture and the pain" their brother "felt in the last moments of their life."
Rainey's family filed a civil lawsuit against the Florida Department of Corrections in 2016. Rainey's family attorney Milton Grimes of Los Angeles said in a press release their family waited three "long excruciating years" for the results of the investigation and now they were "disappointed and heartbroken."
Grimes, who filed a civil lawsuit on behalf of Kisha Michael in Inglewood, is representing Rainey's family, as reform advocates cite the case as an example of the need to improve the deplorable conditions of mentally ill prisoners nationwide.
The memo said that Rainey didn't suffer burn injuries and the temperatures in the shower were not excessively high. Investigators also didn't find evidence that correctional officers at the Dade Correctional Institution regularly used a shower to punish or torture inmates.
The Miami Herald reported TCU correctional officers had a "specially rigged a shower" to be "cranked up to scalding temperatures, or made frigidly cold, to punish inmates who were unruly," and also resorted to "over-medicating them, forcing them to fight each other and starving them."
The memo said corrections officers operated the shower from an adjoining room to prevent inmates from turning it off. Officer Roland Clarke told Rainey they couldn't go back to their cell until they were clean, the memo said. After starting to wash, Rainey said, "No, I don't want to do this." Clarke said they found them in about 3 inches of water with no pulse and not breathing.
One inmate, Harold Hempstead, said they heard Rainey yelling and kicking at the shower door, saying, "I can't take it any more." The prosecutors said their testimony was unreliable. An inmate claimed Rainey looked like a "boiled lobster." The autopsy attributed the "slippage" to friction on moist and warm skin, which could have happened during efforts to revive him, the memo said.
"Placing an inmate who has defecated upon themselves in a shower to decontaminate themselves is not conduct that is criminally reckless," the prosecutors' memo said. "There was no evidence of any intent to harm Rainey."
Grimes, Rainey's family attorney, said they disagree with the conclusion.
"This is not justice for Darren, for their family, nor for the mentally ill who have been subject to similar abuse and mistreatment," Grimes said.
PHOTOS OF SHOWER
Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It all started with a Tweet.
We need all of Rider Nation out in Toronto!!! trying to make a movie night for everybody (on me 😎) details coming soon!!! — Duron Carter (@DC_CHILLIN_8) November 13, 2017
The rest was history, with over 1,000+ likes Duron knew that the Rider faithful in Toronto for the Eastern Final would come join them for Justice League movie night. They discussed the movie pick at the Saturday Press Conference and the one rule to get in. You gotta be wearing green!
Eastern Finals Press Conference – Saskatchewan Roughriders WATCH the Saskatchewan Roughriders pre-game press conference ahead of the Eastern Final. LIVE with Kevin Glenn, Ed Gainey, Chris Jones + more! Posted by CFL on Saturday, November 18, 2017
The Cineplex Cinema Varsity is the location!!! We have meetings and a early game so we have a choice of 1pm or 4pm on Saturday! Vote now!! — Duron Carter (@DC_CHILLIN_8) November 17, 2017
Looks like 4pm it is!!! See ya there!! — Duron Carter (@DC_CHILLIN_8) November 18, 2017
Devin Heroux of CBC was even there to cover it and enjoy the show!
There are about 25 @sskroughriders fans waiting at the theatre for @DC_CHILLIN_8. They promised them a movie. They're ready. Most are from Saskatchewan. #CFL pic.twitter.com/zmmMPUVhJn — Devin Heroux (@Devin_Heroux) November 18, 2017
They're all cheering. Ready and waiting. — Devin Heroux (@Devin_Heroux) November 18, 2017
Here comes @DC_CHILLIN_8 to the cheers of the @sskroughriders. At a movie theatre in downtown Toronto. Carter is now counting the people and buying the movie tickets. @CFL @cbcsports @CBCSask pic.twitter.com/8Y9CxjRSLb — Devin Heroux (@Devin_Heroux) November 18, 2017
Duron Carter and friends going to the movies. @DC_CHILLIN_8 pic.twitter.com/CJY7dMOqF9 — Murray McCormick (@murraylp) November 18, 2017
Never thought I'd see the day before a @CFL Divisional Final — @sskroughriders receiver @DC_CHILLIN_8 buys 24 fans tickets to the movie. $324 total. Remarkable stuff. @cbcsports pic.twitter.com/3v8x0z3vPl — Devin Heroux (@Devin_Heroux) November 18, 2017
Senate inquiry to investigate gold plating of electricity networks and rising household costs
Updated
Federal Parliament has voted to hold a Senate inquiry to investigate whether the gold plating of Australia's electricity networks is artificially driving up the cost of electricity.
This week, the ABC revealed up to 60 per cent of some household electricity bills can be attributed to network costs, which is the amount passed on to consumers for maintaining infrastructure such as poles and wires.
In the past five years, some household bills have gone up as much as $1,000.
The network charges passed on to consumers are approved by the Australian Energy Regulator (AER).
Last week, a former employee of the Queensland Government-owned network Energex turned whistleblower, told a Queensland newspaper their bosses had examined how to artificially drive-up household power prices.
The former analyst claimed staff manipulated data in modelling as the company looked at ways to boost revenue.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au
The Senate inquiry, agreed to after a motion moved by Greens leader Christine Milne, will examine whether electricity network companies have given misleading data to the AER.
"We need to get to the bottom of why our energy system isn't serving households or the environment," Senator Milne said.
"Poles and wires make up half the cost of electricity bills and have been by far the biggest cause of rising power bills over the past five years.
"This inquiry will uncover whether this infrastructure was really needed or whether the system is being used by electricity companies as a money spinner.
"The Greens want to drive reform in our electricity market so that Australians can control their own power bills through solar energy and we can enable the smart and local clean energy systems of the future.
"It is now clear that centralised, big business monopolies are a thing of the past, and our electricity market must prepare for this."
The terms of reference for the inquiry will canvass issues such as the necessity for the infrastructure proposed, and whether allegations of price rorting by electricity companies are investigated.
The ABC has contacted the office of the AER for comment, which has a new chairperson who only took up the role this week.
Paula Conboy has worked for more than 20 years in public utility regulation in Australia and Canada and was previously a Member of the Ontario Energy Board in Canada.
In a statement released as they began their role yesterday, Ms Conboy highlighted consumer confidence as an important priority in energy markets.
"The AER's work in network regulation and retail and wholesale markets helps ensure the integrity of energy markets, so that consumers can trust that they are receiving a service that meets their needs and are paying no more than necessary," the statement said.
A spokesperson for the AER told the ABC the office will participate in the Senate inquiry as appropriate.
Topics: electricity-energy-and-utilities, business-economics-and-finance, federal-parliament, australia
First posted
Valve has been a vitally important part of PC gaming since it launched Steam more than a decade ago, but that's not say its digital storefront and other ventures aren't without their problems.
These are five issues we hope Valve tackle in 2018.
Check out the best free games on Steam.
Game discoverability
It's become increasingly difficult for players to discover new games on Steam, simply because there are so many released each day. This is a problem for developers, also, because it can mean a game they've poured years of work into disappears from the front page within hours, driven out by other new releases.
To put this in perspective, in October, Steam was on track to have more than 6,000 new releases in 2017. That's an average of more than 16 new games released every day.
Valve have ways to highlight games you might be interested in, tailoring the front page and discovery page to your interests based on games you've previously bought. However, this has its own problem: it creates a bubble. If you buy a few strategy games it doesn't mean you only want to play strategy games, but that is predominantly what Steam will now show you.
This isn't an easy problem to solve, it may well not have a perfect solution, but the significant increase in games released on Steam in the past year alone means that it's something Valve should address in the new year.
Review bombing
We're increasingly frequently seeing people abuse Steam's review system to try and send a message to developers. What that message is can vary wildly, negative reviews have been used to tell developers players don't agree with their politics, that players would like a Chinese translation of the game, that players don't think the game they bought reflects what they were sold.
Valve recognises the problem and introduced a system this yearthat lets you see the longtail history of a game's rating so you can see if there is a sharp negative trend, suggesting it has been review bombed. However, this doesn't stop the game from appearing to have a negative review when you're scanning through Steam, which, as pointed out above, is becoming increasingly the only way to digest all the games coming to Steam.
Fringe discussion groups
When it comes to Steam Curation groups there appears to be little in the way of moderation from Valve. A report by Motherboardearlier this year showed how there were many far-right, homophobic, and racist community groups on Steam, some of which were even promoted to the front page for all to see:
(CW: Homophobia) Oh COOL, Valve's promoting slurs on the front page of Steam now. pic.twitter.com/kd5RLk810r — Joe Parlockin' Around the Christmas Tree (@joeparlock) October 17, 2017
Steam is used by tens of millions of people every day. Clearly moderating all of their interactions is a mammoth task, but it is surprising that Valve aren't checking for homophobic slurs in the names of curator groups.
There is potential for this to only become a greater problem for Steam in 2018 without a stricter form of moderation coming into play.
Paid modders
Earlier this year Valve's founder Gabe Newell said people not being paid for mods was a “bug in the system” https://www.pcgamesn.com/the-elder-scrolls-v-skyrim-special-edition/skyrim-paid-mods, so it's clearly an issue on their mind. We didn't see any movement from Valve on the paid mods front in 2017, so it may well be something we see returned to in 2018. We already know that Bethesda are working on their own system with Creation Club.
Valve first tried giving modders a cut of the pie back in 2015, letting them sell Skyrim mods in Steam. However, there was a severe backlash and the system got pulled.
Support VR
Valve has a problem with starting projects and then seemingly losing interest in them – SteamOS, Steam Machines, and Steam VR. Despite being behind one of the few premium virtual reality headsets that have gone to market they have done little to support the Vive with software. Earlier this year Valve said they were working on three games for the devicebut they've said nothing about what those games are or when people can expect them. That does little to attract people to picking up a very expensive hardware package.
Hopefully next year will see them start talking about these games in greater detail.
Some substantial progress on my MG Delta Plus took place last night. Here's how the main kit now stands...
Click to Enlarge | On Flickr
Click to Enlarge | On Flickr
The front cod piece is undergoing some reconstructive surgery which will probably take some time to complete. In the meantime I suppose I should start work on the wings and shield. In addition, to make up for the issues on the kit itself, I've decided to compensate by sprucing up the kit's action base as well.
While nothing too amazing it's something new for me. Using techniques I've seen other folks do I'm adding various bits of cabling and tubing to give the effect of a cutaway structure of some sort. The core is an Action Base 3 topped with some scavenged gutter covering. It will be held in place with magnets and provide a cover for various pipes and whatnot. I'm not sure of the final colour scheme but I'm going to try a few new paints and see how they come out. Current mock-up of the base...
Click to Enlarge | On Flickr
Old pens being glued together for the pipes...
Click to Enlarge | On Flickr
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An adorable dog abandoned in a shelter for NINE YEARS is still looking for a loving owner this Christmas.
Despite Sophie, the collie-corgi cross being the spitting image of the Queen's famous corgis, no-one is keen to take the 11-year-old home.
 They are the longest-running resident at Hilbrae Kennels in Telford, Shrops, where staff love the adorable pooch and are desperate to find them a home for the festive season.
Kennel supervisor Claudia Churchill, 51, said: "Sophie just needs someone to love them All they need is for someone to give them a chance.
"To see them in a new home for Christmas would be the best present I could ask for."
(Image: MIKEY JONES / CATERS NEWS)
A stray that arrived to the shelter in 2005, Sophie has been passed over for younger or cuter dogs time and time again.
Staff say that every time people come to look round the kennels, they spend moment looking at Sophie before plumping for more fashionable breeds or puppies yelping for attention.
But Sophie, who is tired from years of trying to impress potential new owners, finds it hard to stand out.
They even get special support from the Oldie's Club – a charity committed to helping older dogs find homes – due to their advanced years.
Now their handlers are doubling their efforts to find their 'retirement home' for Christmas.
Claudia said: "In all the years they have been here we have re-homed hundreds of dogs, but nobody seems to want Sophie.
"We don't know their backstory but we'd love to get them a perfect future. Although they were a bit of a livewire as a younger dog they really has mellowed with age.
"She is such a sweetheart and deserves a loving family to take them in."
(Image: MIKEY JONES / CATERS NEWS)
Kennel manager Marty Burrell said December is when older dogs are most likely to be abandoned and it is even harder to find homes for their elderly residents.
They said: "There is rarely a shortage of people willing to offer new homes to cute little puppies but rehousing adult dogs can be much more of a challenge.
"People are worried about the vets' bills and they think it will cost them a fortune.
"It is not necessarily the case, one of my dogs lived to be 16, and they hadn't seen the vet since their inoculations, and there are young dogs who are always in and out of the vets."
"I think the older dogs tend to be dumped before Christmas because they worry there might be vets' bills coming up, and people don't want the expense around Christmas."
When the UFC debuted and was won by Royce Gracie, mixed martial arts and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu were considered synonymous. But that was 20 years ago.
Benson Henderson was submitted by Anthony Pettis on Saturday, there were complaints on the part of some that Henderson did not deserve their black belt.
The charge is of course an absurdity, given the sterling reputation of Henderson's trainer John Crouch, Henderson's third place finish in Brown Belt at The Mundials, and the skills they have shown many times in the cage.
Mixed martial arts is made of wrestling, Muay Thai, BJJ, etc, but it is different from each – there is a lot more going on. That is why Jeremy Horn was able to take down Olympic wrestling alternate Randy Couture, Gabriel Gonzaga was able to send Mirko CroCop to the hospital with, ironically, a right high kick, and Anthony Pettis was able to submit Benson Henderson.
All that said, it is still surprising to hear that Pettis is apparently only a blue belt.
Guilherme Cruz ‏@guicruzzz
Anthony Pettis' coach just told me he'll promote the UFC champ to purple belt in jiu-jitsu next week. Yes, a blue belt submitted Henderson.
seron Profile Joined September 2011 Korea (South) 24 Posts Last Edited: 2012-08-09 20:46:18 #1
Startale Gaming, famous for SC2 and LoL, has announced the partnership with the Seoul National University, SNU's Starcraft2 club 'VERITAS'. VERITAS is named after the phrase on SNU's logo, 'Ve Ri Tas Lux Mia'.
This partnership is the second partnership between Progaming team and College team, the first partnership was MVP - KAIST OPTeamus partnership. ZOWIE gear, one of the Startale's sponsor, is now provide gaming gears to VERITAS also, and Startale provides VERITAS players their uniforms.
Startales Won Jong-Wook headcoach said that they were impressed by passion of VERITAS and decided to do partnership with them in order to develop Korean amateur eSports culture. Startale will provide coaching, uniforms, and gaming gears and help each other as possible.
Additionally, VERITAS is having a showmatch with KAIST 'Azubu-OPTeamus' this sunday 21:00 (KST).
source :
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hi I'm OPt.LTE , also has been using NEXSeron as my nickname for a long time.
I'm a student studying in KAIST, eventhough my english is not good T.T I'm going to translate some articles about Korean Collegiate eSports.
I believe we can develop a league like CSL also in Korea Startale Gaming, famous for SC2 and LoL, has announced the partnership with the Seoul National University, SNU's Starcraft2 club 'VERITAS'. VERITAS is named after the phrase on SNU's logo, 'Ve Ri Tas Lux Mia'.This partnership is the second partnership between Progaming team and College team, the first partnership was MVP - KAIST OPTeamus partnership. ZOWIE gear, one of the Startale's sponsor, is now provide gaming gears to VERITAS also, and Startale provides VERITAS players their uniforms.Startales Won Jong-Wook headcoach said that they were impressed by passion of VERITAS and decided to do partnership with them in order to develop Korean amateur eSports culture. Startale will provide coaching, uniforms, and gaming gears and help each other as possible.Additionally, VERITAS is having a showmatch with KAIST 'Azubu-OPTeamus' this sunday 21:00 (KST).source : http://www.inven.co.kr/board/powerbbs.php?come_idx=2278&l=681 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hi I'm OPt.LTE , also has been using NEXSeron as my nickname for a long time.I'm a student studying in KAIST, eventhough my english is not good T.T I'm going to translate some articles about Korean Collegiate eSports.I believe we can develop a league like CSL also in Korea
Perfi Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Poland 349 Posts Last Edited: 2012-08-09 19:54:36 #2 Now THIS is cool stuff. Good luck to all of you!
myRZeth Profile Joined June 2011 Germany 1032 Posts #3 i really like that
-FoX Profile Joined November 2010 United States 463 Posts #4 Wow this is really awesome! Can't wait to see more cross continent CSL showmatches!
starception Profile Joined August 2012 205 Posts #5 So what happened to Quantic? And do these college kids get to do GSTL?
seron Profile Joined September 2011 Korea (South) 24 Posts #6
but my poor English skill is a big problem T.T Also I'm trying to translate another article, about our team OPTeamusbut my poor English skill is a big problem T.T
caneras Profile Blog Joined August 2010 431 Posts #7 Pretty soon StarTale will have a monopoly on all Korean players. How large does this make their roster, or their + affiliated rosters? Either way, good for StarTale!
seron Profile Joined September 2011 Korea (South) 24 Posts #8 On August 10 2012 04:55 starception wrote:
So what happened to Quantic? And do these college kids get to do GSTL?
no, VERITAS is just a amateur team, this partnership is quite different from Quantic-Startale partnersip since it is Pro-Amateur partnership no, VERITAS is just a amateur team, this partnership is quite different from Quantic-Startale partnersip since it is Pro-Amateur partnership
MorroW Profile Joined August 2008 Sweden 3522 Posts #9 is quantic and startale still partners? Progamer pls no copy pasterino
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts #10 I really like this, promoting the amateur Korean scene is great.
Shellshock Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 94972 Posts #11 Congrats to both parties. Hopefully Startale can help develop the talent on the amateur team and make the sc2 scene even more competitive! Moderator http://i.imgur.com/U4xwqmD.png
seron Profile Joined September 2011 Korea (South) 24 Posts #12 On August 10 2012 04:59 MorroW wrote:
is quantic and startale still partners?
yes, this partnership is individual, It's more like coaching partnership I think yes, this partnership is individual, It's more like coaching partnership I think
shindigs Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 4775 Posts #13 Huge props for StarTale for participating in this partnership, and huge shoutouts to Seron and everyone at KAIST who have been reaching out to western schools in the CSL and bridging the international scene. What an exciting development! Photographer @shindags || twitch.tv/shindigs
MorroW Profile Joined August 2008 Sweden 3522 Posts #14 On August 10 2012 05:02 seron wrote:
Show nested quote +
On August 10 2012 04:59 MorroW wrote:
is quantic and startale still partners?
yes, this partnership is individual, It's more like coaching partnership I think yes, this partnership is individual, It's more like coaching partnership I think
ah ok tnx ah ok tnx Progamer pls no copy pasterino
MrMercuG Profile Joined March 2011 Netherlands 2021 Posts #15 On August 10 2012 04:56 seron wrote:
Also I'm trying to translate another article, about our team OPTeamus
but my poor English skill is a big problem T.T Also I'm trying to translate another article, about our team OPTeamusbut my poor English skill is a big problem T.T
Dude, you have amazing English! No need to be so negativer <3
Also StarTale going for world domination. Dude, you have amazing English! No need to be so negativer <3Also StarTale going for world domination.
wanghis Profile Joined July 2011 United States 253 Posts #16 I think Harvard should get a team and make a double partnership hur hur hur 是那种想到他每天训练14个小时好辛苦就很心疼就想给他揉揉肩煲煲汤的那种爱
Sumostyle Profile Joined March 2011 Sweden 172 Posts #17 Awesome stuff!
ELA Profile Joined April 2010 Denmark 4573 Posts Last Edited: 2012-08-09 20:21:57 #18 "Truth is my Light" in Latin - Interesting that a korean uni has a latin saying in their logo
Thank you for taking the time to translate Seron, your english is great
Edit: My latin is definitely rusty! Lux et Veritas Mea, right? Means something likein Latin - Interesting that a korean uni has a latin saying in their logoThank you for taking the time to translate Seron, your english is greatEdit: My latin is definitely rusty! The first link of chain forged, the first speech censured, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably.
SenorChang Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Australia 4438 Posts #19 is this a way to find up and comers or something?
what do both sides get out of this? ლ(╹◡╹ლ)
EdenPLusDucky Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Singapore 570 Posts #20 On August 10 2012 05:08 ELA wrote:
Lux et Veritas Mia, right? Means something like "Truth is my light" in Latin - Interesting that a korean uni has a latin saying in their logo Lux et Veritas Mia, right? Means something likein Latin - Interesting that a korean uni has a latin saying in their logo
You should check out a lot of southeast asian educational facilities, a lot of them have latin sayings relating to their crest/logo. You should check out a lot of southeast asian educational facilities, a lot of them have latin sayings relating to their crest/logo.
1 2 3 Next All
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration is pressing ahead with tough requirements for new coal-fired power plants, moving to impose for the first time strict limits on the pollution blamed for global warming.
The proposal would help reshape where Americans get electricity, away from a coal-dependent past into a future fired by cleaner sources of energy. It's also a key step in President Barack Obama's global warming plans, because it would help end what they called "the limitless dumping of carbon pollution" from power plants.
Although the proposed rule won't immediately affect plants already operating, it eventually would force the government to limit emissions from the existing power plant fleet, which accounts for a third of all U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. Obama has given the Environmental Protection Agency until next summer to propose those regulations.
The EPA provided The Associated Press with details of the proposal prior to the official announcement, which was expected Friday morning. The public will have a chance to comment on the rule before it becomes final.
Despite some tweaks, the rule packs the same punch as one announced last year, which was widely criticized by industry and Republicans as effectively banning any new coal projects in the U.S.
That's because to meet the standard, new coal-fired power plants would need to install expensive technology to capture carbon dioxide and bury it underground. No coal-fired power plant has done that yet, in large part because of the cost. And those plants that the EPA points to as potential models, such as a coal plant being built in Kemper County, Miss., by Southern Co., have received hundreds of millions of dollars in federal grants and tax credits.
Coal, which is already struggling to compete with cheap natural gas, accounts for 40 percent of U.S. electricity, a share that was already shrinking. And natural gas would need no additional pollution controls to comply.
"For power producers and coal mining companies that reject these standards, they have no reason to complain, and every excuse to innovate," said Sen. Ed Markey, D-Mass., the author of a 2009 bill to limit global warming. The legislation, backed by the White House, passed the House, but died in the Senate.
A powerful Republican opponent of the EPA plan, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, said in an emailed statement that "the president is leading a war on coal."
The regulations have been in the works since 2011 and stem from a 1970 law passed by Congress to control air pollution. In 2007, the Supreme Court ruled that that law, the Clean Air Act, could be applied to heat-trapping pollution. The EPA already has issued rules aimed at curbing global warming pollution from automobiles and the largest industrial sources.
An EPA official told the AP that the rule doesn't specify any particular technology. But the official acknowledged that carbon capture was the only current technology available for a company to meet the threshold of 1,100 pounds of carbon dioxide emissions per megawatt hour of electricity. To put that in perspective, a modern coal plant without carbon controls would release about 1,800 pounds per megawatt hour.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the announcement of the rule had not been made.
The administration went back to the drawing board after receiving more than 2 million comments on its first proposal, which was legally vulnerable because it required coal and natural gas to meet the same limit. Coal and natural gas now have separate standards, but the latest proposal will almost certainly to be litigated once it becomes final, which the law requires the EPA to do in a year.
The legal argument likely will be based around whether carbon capture and storage is a demonstrated technology.
"EPA has set a dangerous and far-reaching precedent for the broader economy by failing to base environmental standards on reliable technology," said Hall Quinn, president and CEO of the National Mining Association. The EPA regulation "effectively bans coal from America's power portfolio," they said.
The EPA will seek comments on whether to subject three coal plants in various stages of the development to the new standard, or treat them as existing sources. They are the Sunflower Electric Power Corp.'s facility near Holcomb, Kan., Power4Georgian's planned Washington County, Ga., facility, and Wolverine Power Cooperative's plans for a new power plant near Rogers City, Mich.
___
Follow Dina Cappiello on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dinacappiello
Justice Anthony Kennedy has written that a law motivated by animus toward gay people is unconstitutional. But what, exactly, qualifies as animus? Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
The concept of animus has proved critical to the resolution of the same-sex marriage issue. Indeed, animus was the centerpiece of last year's decision in United States v. Windsor, in which the Supreme Court struck down the federal prohibition against recognizing legal same-sex marriages. Judges and commentators alike thought the reasoning in Windsor would dictate a similar outcome in the pending challenges to state-level marriage bans. But instead, at least two federal judges have managed to conclude that there is no animus present in these cases.
I was at first pleased to see my work cited in one of these opinions, Judge Jerome Holmes' concurring opinion in Bishop v. Smith. But I was disheartened because the opinion had nonetheless ignored my central argument. It was discouraging yet again to then see Judge Martin Feldman citing Holmes' reasoning to uphold Louisiana's gay marriage ban. Given the increasing importance of animus in gay rights jurisprudence, I think it's worth clarifying what does and doesn't qualify as unconstitutional animus.
In their decision, Judge Feldman upheld Louisiana's prohibition against same-sex marriage in part because they were hesitant to adopt “the notion that the state's choice could only be inspired by hate and intolerance.” Judge Feldman reasoned further that the laws could not possibly be based in animus because they were the product of “a statewide deliberative process.”
This logic flies in the face of established Supreme Court precedent. First, Judge Feldman was wrong to equate animus with “hate and intolerance.” It is true that when the Supreme Court first addressed the issue in a 1973 decision called Moreno, it characterized animus as “a bare congressional desire to harm a politically unpopular group.” But this is only one example of what may constitute impermissible animus.
When we think of animus, we think of its most common meaning, which is hostility. But in broader terms, animus also means simply impetus—the force that makes something happen. It is this understanding of animus that the Supreme Court employs. In so doing, the court has held that there are several forms of animus that are impermissible from a constitutional perspective. For example, a law based on private bias, fear, stereotype, or mere negative attitudes should trigger concern that impermissible animus may be afoot.
Second, Judge Feldman makes the faulty assumption that laws subject to a “deliberative process” cannot at the same time be based in animus. This directly contradicts the premise of perhaps the most important equal protection decision of all time, Carolene Products. In that case, the Supreme Court carefully explained that the very purpose of the equal protection clause was to protect demographic minorities from the tyranny of the majority—a tyranny that is a necessary risk of our majoritarian political process. The deliberative process contains no safeguards against disadvantaging an unpopular minority. Rather, such an outcome is a routine possibility in a system where the majority always prevails.
Third, Judge Feldman characterized animus as a form of impermissible subjective intent held by the proponents of a law. In supporting this theory, they quoted at great length Judge Holmes' concurring opinion in Bishop. In that opinion, Holmes held that state-level gay marriage bans do not exhibit animus, insisting that “the hallmark of animus jurisprudence is its focus on actual legislative motive.” In support of this argument, Holmes cited my 2012 article on the subject of animus.
But Holmes misunderstands the core of my argument—and ignores critical precedent. In two important animus decisions—Palmore v. Sidoti and City of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Center—the court found impermissible animus even though there was no evidence that the governmental actors in those cases themselves held bias against the targeted group. Rather, the laws at issue were deemed invalid because government actors were responding to prevailing biases in society.
The court in Palmore famously stated:
The Constitution cannot control such prejudices, but neither can it tolerate them. Private biases may be outside the reach of the law, but the law cannot, directly or indirectly, give them effect.
This is the question courts should be asking when they examine the constitutionality of state-level marriage bans. Not whether state legislators or the electorate acted out of hatred or bigotry, but whether the function of such laws is to express private bias against same-sex couples. A bare preference for opposite-sex couples over same-sex couples, absent any credible, logical, and independent public purpose, cannot justify a law in the face of an equal protection challenge.
Defining animus as a sort of impermissible subjective intent on the part of proponents of a law is also problematic from an evidentiary standpoint. It is extremely difficult to prove the subjective intent of a single individual, much less an entire legislative body or an electorate. Far better for the court to look at the deleterious effects of the law than to scrutinize the hearts and minds of a given law's supporters.
If courts define animus as a “fit of spite” and require evidence of subjective ill will to prove its presence, they will render the doctrine virtually useless. Instead, courts—including the Supreme Court—should carefully examine all of the animus cases: not just Romer v. Evans and Windsor, but also Moreno, Cleburne, Palmore and the other related cases discussed in my 2012 article. The totality of this body of law presents a much more nuanced and complete portrait of the doctrine.
At a bare minimum, the courts have an intellectual and ethical obligation to address this full body of precedent and confront the notion that animus is something more nuanced and more constitutionally important than blunt hatred or bigotry. To date—and certainly in the opinions of Feldman and Holmes—this obligation remains unfulfilled.
This summer wasn't a happy time for Nintendo, in spite of the hugely popular and universally welcomed arrival of Mario Kart 8. In late July, the Japanese games company reported growing losses and decreasing revenues, which weren't stemmed by Mario Kart's boost to both software and hardware sales. Still, Nintendo managed to triple the number of Wii U consoles it sold in that quarter relative to its performance a year earlier, and it's kept that momentum going with another year-on-year doubling in sales. 610,000 Wii U consoles were sold in the past three months, adding to the 510,000 of the previous quarter and taking Nintendo's six-month total past the million mark.
Nintendo's financial situation hasn't improved dramatically, however the growing sales numbers have helped the company break even in terms of operating income and report a net profit of 14.3 billion yen (roughly $130 million) once foreign exchange gains are factored in as well. What's more, Nintendo forecasts having a profitable year overall with further improvements in sales anticipated as the holiday season ramps up.
Though the Wii U is showing signs of life and broader appeal, Nintendo may rightly be more worried about its portable console, the 3DS, whose sales declined over the past six months. The stalwart Wii console is also still selling, but in ever decreasing numbers and Nintendo's latest figures show that its software sales over the past half year were roughly a third what they were a year ago. To live up to its anticipated profitable year, Nintendo will have to keep delivering compelling games like Mario Kart to replenish the seemingly waning interest of gamers.
This week's Russia scandal revelations are a different kettle of fish: Donald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort met with a Kremlin-linked lawyer offering campaign help from the Russian government, and Team Trump was eager to receive it. The details, including incriminating emails, have led much of the political world to start updating their timelines, noting other developments around the time of the Trump Tower chat.
But of all the attempts to connect various dots, this one, highlighted by the Huffington Post, stood out for me.
Donald Trump promised a “major speech” attacking campaign rival Hillary Clinton last June, just hours after their son, Donald Trump Jr., set up a meeting with a Russian lawyer they were told had compromising information on the Democratic candidate. In a speech on June 7, 2016, first flagged by Washington Post reporter Philip Bump, then-candidate Trump promised vaguely to discuss “all the things that have taken place with the Clintons.” “I am going to give a major speech on probably Monday of next week, and we're going to be discussing all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons,” Trump said at the time. “I think you're going to find it very informative and very, very interesting.”
The Republican made this announcement around 9 p.m. on June 7. Around 5 p.m. on June 7, Trump Jr. confirmed a scheduled meeting with the Russian lawyer whom, the campaign believed, had damaging information about Clinton, provided by the Russian government.
And what about the speech the then-candidate promised to deliver the following week, “discussing all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons”? The one that we'd find “very, very informative”? It didn't happen. Trump instead delivered a speech in New Hampshire on national security.
All of this matters, of course, because it's important to understand what, if anything, the president was told about their campaign's cooperation with Russia. The timing in this instance is awfully coincidental.
Stepping back, there's a bit of an Iran-Contra problem here: if the president knew, it looks bad; if the president didn't know, that looks bad, too.
It's possible, for example, that top members of Trump's inner circle – including their son, son-in-law, and campaign chairperson – were offered secrets from Moscow, set up a meeting, and kept all of this hidden from Trump himself. This would lead to questions about what kind of operation the Republican was running.
If, on other hand, top members of their inner circle did keep Trump in the loop – which would help explain the public remarks they delivered on June 7 – then the president not only lied repeatedly about the Russian espionage operation, Trump would also be directly implicated in a series of potential crimes.
This week's North American Nintendo Downloads are as follows:
Wii U Retail
Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games – $59.99 (available Friday)
Mighty No. 9 – $19.99
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE – $59.99 (available Friday)
Wii U Download
Blackjack 21 – $1.99
Educational Pack of Kids Games – $3.99
Rubik's Cube – $4.99
Splashy Duck – $1.49
Star Sky 2 – $4.00
Wii U Virtual Console
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky – $9.99
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team – $9.99
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team – $6.99
3DS Download
Rubik's Cube – $4.99
Unholy Heights – $6.00
New 3DS Virtual Console
Super Ghouls'n Ghosts – $7.99
3DS Themes
Rhythm Heaven Megamix Costumed Tebiri
Rhythm Heaven Megamix Ringside
eShop Sales
Wii U / 3DS
– 99Moves (Wii U), Darts Up 3D (Nintendo 3DS) and more from EnjoyUp Games are on sale until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 21.
– The Sweetest Thing (Wii U), Jewel Match 3 (Nintendo 3DS) and more games from Joindots are on sale until 8:59 a.m. PT on June 30.
– Turtle Tale (Nintendo 3DS and Wii U) is on sale until 8:59 a.m. PT on June 30.
– Another World – 20th Anniversary Edition (Nintendo 3DS and Wii U) is on sale until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 7.
– Citizens of Earth (Wii U), The Legend of Legacy (Nintendo 3DS) and more games from ATLUS are on sale until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 4.
Wii U
– Vector Assault is 20 percent off (reduced from $4.99 to $3.99) until 8:59 a.m. PT on June 30.
– Infinity Runner is more than 40 percent off (reduced from $6.99 to $3.99) until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 7.
– Star Sky is 50 percent off (reduced from $4 to $2) until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 7.
– Steel Rivals is more than 25 percent off (reduced from $6.99 to $4.99) until 8:59 a.m. PT on June 30.
– Super Destronaut is 50 percent off (reduced from $1.99 to 99 cents) until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 14.
3DS
– Parking Star 3D, Quell Reflect and more from CIRCLE Entertainment are on sale until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 14.
– Attack on Titan: Humanity in Chains is 50 percent off (reduced from $29.99 to $14.99) until 8:59 a.m. PT on July 4.
– Snow Moto Racing 3D is 50 percent off (reduced from $7.99 to $3.99) until 8:59 a.m. PT on June 30.
Activities
Miiverse – Nintendo 3DS Summer Vacation Sweepstakes – Summer is a season of excitement, fun and outdoor exploration. Share how Nintendo 3DS/2DS systems and games will add some extra fun to your summer vacation for a chance to win a Nintendo 2DS system and six great digital Nintendo 3DS games! Click here for more details.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Void where prohibited. Open to legal residents of the US (incl. DC), 13 years or older. Promotion begins 10:00 AM PT on 6/20/16 and ends 10:00 PM PT on 7/11/16. To enter, post your Nintendo 3DS/2DS vacation idea in Miiverse or mail postcard as stated in Official Rules. Ten Grand Prize winners will each receive one (1) Nintendo 2DS system and one (1) download code for six Nintendo 3DS digital games (ARV US $229.93). Six First Prize winners will each receive one (1) download code for six Nintendo 3DS digital games (ARV US $149.94). For Official Rules, visit here.
Source: Nintendo PR
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Gallery Folders
Search Gallery The Cherry Thief somk 133 Advertisement Advertisement BioTech - Tales from Trappist. somk 59 Kells a Marg somk 17 Mirror mirror somk 106 Estones. Tales of Trappist vol.1 somk 134 #Smaugust 4 - Lazy on a Sunday afternoon somk 113 #Smaugust 3 - The smallest one yet! somk 84 #Smaugust 2 - They do come in many sizes! somk 28 #Smaugust - Gimme a hug! somk 93 Walks of life, by night. somk 27 MIB Medievalizer somk 64 Ginger cat on the prowl somk 141 Lost pages - Chasse au Graboid de Gaston Phoebus somk 108 StGeorge and the Dragon, 2 mns later... somk 70 Ochar WarBird somk 178 Hilarius peripatens somk 52 The Gospels Motherboard somk 116 Cthulhu - Gold and opal (Daily Deviation) somk 2,241 Germanic Fibulae - Autumn somk 76 Urnes Necklace - Short Version somk 155 The Wedding - sketch somk 271 Ancient Times - Brooch somk 97 Happy Dragons Ring somk 880 Ancient Times - Ely's Lions somk 103
Is the person serving your kids Mister Softee an evil murderer? No, probably not. Photo via Flickr user Martin Kelley
If you want to sell soft-serve out of a truck, be prepared to be treated like a criminal.
In Tucson, Arizona, prospective ice cream men must get their fingerprints taken by the cops before being granted a license. In Napa, California, regulations state that you must be both “interviewed and fingerprinted by the Napa Police Department.” All around the country, in fact, people who want to sell frozen treats have to check in with law enforcement first.
Don Knabe, the chairperson of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors, is completely on board with this trend—in fact, they want LA County, population 10 million, to subject every ice cream truck driver within its borders to the same screening process applied to those seeking to conduct commerce involving “explosives, weapons, and adult businesses.” That means “inkless electronic fingerprinting,” which can be used to generate “a report of criminal history” and kept in a database forever. Knabe plans on introducing the measure this May.
Why are they doing this? According to their spokesperson Cheryl Burnett, the supervisor's interest was sparked by a call from a nervous constituent. “A resident in Hacienda Heights said that their son was followed home by an ice cream vendor and threatened,” Burnett explained. “He subsequently checked out clean by the sheriff's department, but parents still have concerns.”
Outside the realm of “concern” there are only a few isolated incidents of ice cream men committing violent crimes: In 2012 a 14-year-old girl in Raleigh, North Carolina, was allegedly abducted and assaulted by a driver, and in 2013 a 72-year-old vendor in the LA area was arrested in 2013 for allegedly violating a court order that required them to stay away from kids. If there's an epidemic of popsicle-dealing pedophiles, it hasn't made the news.
Still, just because the threat has not materialized does not mean it never will; it is, like almost anything in life, possible. “It would be easy to have a child walk inside the van and disappear from sight,” Burnett told me. “The potential exists for a serious situation. We have an ordinance that keeps these vendors 1,000 feet from schools, but there is concern that is not enough.”
The vendors I spoke to said they would be happy to oblige should they be asked to give over their prints—but then, what ice cream truck driver would want to be quoted by name opposing a criminal background check?
Nastasha Case, the CEO of LA-based ice cream company Coolhaus, said that they didn't have a real problem with Knabe's proposal, as many cities in the LA area already require fingerprinting of vendors. Besides, “I have nothing to hide,” they said. “Better safe then sorry!”
“How bad could a finger scan be?” asked Rick Gaez of Good Times Classic Ice Cream. But while not terribly concerned about having their own prints on file, they told me they were still a “a little conflicted.”
“I want kids to be safe, but I don't know if that will help,” they said. “That seems like such a waste of time and resources.”
Gaez also wondered if requiring fingerprints might just be a way for some local governments to “hassle immigrants for something [they] see as an eyesore.” Many food vendors in LA County are Latinos, and if you don't like them—or if you just don't like the music they play—one way to get some off the streets is by making them to register with the cops, which can scare off even those without criminal records, particularly if they're worried about their legal status.
“Many people enter the ice cream vending industry because they found other avenues of business ownership closed to them—often because they cannot obtain traditional financing from a bank,” said Chris Long, president of the International Association of Ice Cream Distributors and Vendors. While they said their organization supports “sexual offender checks,” those checks shouldn't single out ice cream vendors or “produce an excessive time or fiscal burden,” as that could pose an insurmountable hurdle to those seeking to enter the not particularly lucrative business of selling ice cream from a truck.
Does this Flinstones-themed truck hide EVIL? Again, it's unlikely. Photo via Flickr user satanslaundromat
Again, all this scrutiny is totally unnecessary—there's no violent crime wave being caused by ice cream men or anyone else. From 2007 to 2012, LA County experienced a 30 percent drop in reports of serious crimes like murder and rape (though it should be noted that the vast majority of rapes are never reported). Since 1982, the crime rate has dropped 61 percent. But we are taught to be afraid of each other by television, the police themselves, and now social media.
One example of this effect in action: In May 2013, police in Menomie, Wisconsin, were forced to issue a statement denying a rumor circulating that men in a white van selling ice cream were trying to abduct kids. Local news station WEAU quoted one example of the hysterical Facebook posts going around:
ATTENTION MENOMONIE AREA RESIDENTS!! There are a couple of guys in a white conversion van with MN plates that has ice cream stickers on one side and Superman/Captain America stickers on the other side. They are said to be going around Menomonie and Western Wisconsin trying to abduct women and children. This is NOT a joke, or rumor...some children in Downsville ran inside to their mom saying that the men tried to get them to go inside the van. Please keep your eyes on your children & pay attention to your surroundings!!
“Again,” the station reported, “police and deputies say this is a legitimate ice cream truck, and no women or children are in danger.”
But fear is a powerful thing, particularly when stoked by those in power who would love to have everyone's fingerprints on file—and now have the technological capacity to pull it off.
“Fingerprinting is becoming a more common part of the background checks conducted on people who work with children and other vulnerable populations,” the Boston Globe reported in October 2013, after the practice spread across the state of Massachusetts.
“These are positions that involve some amount of public access and public trust,” Belmont, Massachusetts, police captain Peter Hoerr told the Globe. Hoerr helped write a measure in their town requiring ice cream truck drivers, door-to-door salespeople, and others to be subjected to fingerprinting and background checks in order to get a business license. “This kind of checking for licenses could not have been an option ten years ago,” they said.
In the past, it would have been a burden for local police to be inundated with so many fingerprints from people unlikely to ever be implicated in a crime. It used to take an expert hour to manually examine two sets of prints, but now those prints can be stored digitally and checked against a national criminal database in a matter of seconds. As far as the police are concerned, there is no downside. They want to fingerprint entire groups of people for the same reason police departments in small towns get a tank: because they can.
And the political class is always willing to hand the police more powers, imagined threats to our children trumping concerns about civil liberties. As Wellesley Selectwoman Terri Tsagaris said in the Globe article, “there are some people who are concerned that it could become intrusive,” all this fingerprinting of people who haven't committed any crimes, but “I think that we decided we would rather err on the side of safety.”
But why stop with ice cream trucks? What about people who live near a school? Or a park? Or anyone who can ever potentially come in contact with a person under 18—should we not have their fingerprints and retina scans and DNA swabs on file, just in case? Family members are statistically more likely to harm a child than a complete stranger, so we can't forget about them, either.
Or even better, we could decide it's not worth giving the police more power to address problems that exist only on your Aunt Kathy's Facebook.
Charles Davis is a writer in Los Angeles. Their work has been published by Al Jazeera, Inter Press Service, the New Inquiry, and Salon.
Tropes Exemplified in Works of Art 5: Litotes
by Mark Staff Brandl
This week, I am continuing my short series of fine artworks exemplifying major tropes. This is the fifth entry.
The list of major tropes I am referring to I published on this website a while ago, “A List of the Most Important Tropes and Their Definitions;” here is the link: http://www.metaphorandart.com/articles/trope_list.html
As I said in parts 1, 2, 3, and 4 over the next several weeks, I will take each trope from the list and link it to a major work of art. This will include artworks from a large variety of time periods and in many different media, if I am successful. Generally, I will be looking for artworks that embody the trope under consideration within their formal elements, clearly showing a trope in visual use. I have discussed metaphor and metonymy. This week, Number 5:
Litotes
A trope consisting of an understatement in which an affirmative is expressed by negating its opposite. “He is no vulcano.” (for:  They are too placid.) (By the way, litotes is singular; it just happens to end with an ‘s' due to its Greek origin. The plural is identical to the singular.)
An obvious choice for an artwork displaying sophisticated use of litotes would be the famous and influential painting by René Magritte, La trahison des images, 1928–29, often translated as The Treachery of Images. (Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Treachery_of_Images#mediaviewer/File:MagrittePipe.jpg).
This is clearly litotic. The phrase on the painting includes a negative (n'est pas; ne pas) and it states a clear truth: it is a painting of a pipe, not an actual pipe, yet a truth that insinuates many other potential readings. This being the reason why it is the father of so much Conceptual Art.
However, I would like to find a more purely visual litotes, one in a painting without words. I have nothing against paintings with words; in fact, I rather enjoy them and have done a whole series for years of my own works based on showcard lettering and comic covers, one which I title as a group “Covers.” However, our purpose in this series of articles on Metaphor and Art is to see how these terms originally only applied to literature can enlighten our understanding of visual art.
My choice is a superb self-portrait by one of the female artists in art history who deserves to be much more well known: Judith Leyster. It is their Self Portrait, circa 1630–1635, Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judith_Leyster#mediaviewer/File:Judith_Leyster_-_Self-Portrait_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg.
There are many self-portraits by artists where they depict themselves painting, often hiding the work-within-the-work by showing us only the back of the canvas, its stretcher bars. There are others where the artists show themselves painting themselves, an always enjoyable double referencing. Leyster's is enjoyable for its metaphoric complexity, among other qualities. Something they seem to reflect in the slight smile on their face, not at all common in self portraits in their time. It is both metaphoric and litotic.
As an aside, Leyster was well-known during their lifetime and esteemed by their contemporaries, however they and their work became largely forgotten after their death. Leyster's rediscovery began in 1893, but still should be carried on and expanded today.
Lester's painting which we are looking at closely is very intriguing. They apparently did many paintings of musicians, and here they are clearly identifying with both a musician and their paintings of them. At first glance one notices that it is a self-portrait of themselves painting a musician and that there is much similarity between their image and that of the musician. They both are merry, indeed the musician is laughing. Both heads are tipped in similar angles, they to their right, they to their left. Them brush is much like their bow and their palette somewhat like their violin. therefore these elements can all be described as metaphors, or even more so as similes. In fact, I believe similes and metaphors are often identical in the visual arts, as we have no clear equivalent to the additional “like” or “as” which makes a simile in literature. Yet, because they are not identical, there is more of a simile to these details: a painter is like a musician.
More important to my eye, and this short article, nevertheless is that there are so many patent divergences between the images of the painter and them subject. Most importantly, they are a woman, they are a man.  They are not a man. This was a very socially important distinction in the Baroque. Furthermore, the brush is obviously not a bow. And most imperative, the painting they are painting is not the self-portrait before us. And yet it is, as it is the object before us. I see this all as very sophisticated visual playfulness. Litotes in abundance — merged with inverted similes. This is something almost only visual art can achieve, not writing. Lester does it with a lightness and painterly dexterity that is mischievous and simultaneously socially evocative and critical. This makes Lester's painting for me one of the most delightfully charged self-portraits in art history.
Next time: Hyperbole
Friendswood FFA Show Cattle Team member wins State Show
Gracie Kempken, a member of the Friendswood FFA Show Cattle Team, recently attended the Texas Junior Brangus Breeders Association State Show in Bryan. Gracie Kempken, a member of the Friendswood FFA Show Cattle Team, recently attended the Texas Junior Brangus Breeders Association State Show in Bryan. Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Friendswood FFA Show Cattle Team member wins State Show 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
PRESS RELEASE
Gracie Kempken, a member of the Friendswood FFA Show Cattle Team, recently attended the Texas Junior Brangus Breeders Association State Show in Bryan. Gracie brought their 17-month-old Black Brangus heifer to compete with other Brangus cattle owners and breeders from all over Texas to participate in this yearly four-day event.
DK Miss Loretta 594C (aka Doodlebug) was named the 2016 TJBBA Grand Champion Brangus Female. Gracie's oldest brother Dakota Kempken owns the Dam, KK Miss Ebony and the Sire, Mr. 101 LTD Slugger 915Z11 is from Diamond K Show Cattle. In addition to this impressive win Gracie was awarded first place in the Intermediate Public Speaking contest and placed in the top six in Intermediate Showmanship.
This was Gracie's first state show but not their first Grand Champion title as Doodlebug was also named the 2016 Overall Grand Champion Breeding Beef at the Galveston County Fair and Rodeo in April. Doodlebug is Gracie's first calf to raise and show.
The phrase “Never meet your heroes” has been around for a long time. It implies that meeting them might be a letdown when you realize that they're just a normal person. I understand the logic behind that concept, but I don't agree with it. I met one of my childhood heroes, if only for a brief second, and it only made me admire them more. I got to take a picture with Bret Hart, shake their hand, look them right in the eye, and say, “thank you.” I know that's hardly a meeting, but sometimes that small exchange is enough to make a person lose the admiration they once had for someone. Not me though. On that day, Bret “The Hitman” Hart met and surpassed all my expectations. It was a surreal moment for sure. While standing there, I realized how much I respected this man, and how strong they had to have been to endure through the ordeals the end of their career came with. Bret Hart doesn't know who I am. They probably don't even remember being in my small town, but for me, it's a moment I'll always remember. The day I met my hero.
I've always believed that a true hero is someone who manages to stay strong in the face adversity. The end of Bret Hart's career was filled with both adversity and tragedy. The fact that they managed to keep it together, and tried to pick up the pieces, is admirable. Part 1 of my story ended right before the main event of Survivor Series 1997. Unbeknownst to Bret, the fans, and most of their employees, Vince McMahon had orchestrated a plan to ensure that Hart, who had just signed a deal with WCW, would not leave the ring as WWF Champion. There have been two schools of thinking ever since the incident took place. On one side, you have the people who say McMahon had no choice but to protect their company and all their employees. That Vince would've done that to anyone. On the other side, you have people who say that Vince McMahon is an evil individual. An individual who stabbed their most loyal employee in the back, after they were the one who asked them to sign with WCW to relieve some of the “financial stress” the WWF was under. Obviously, I fall into the latter category. Regardless of which side you're on, we can all agree that the Montreal Screw Job was the turning point for both the WWF and Bret Hart.
Before the match started, Bret was on top of the world. They were defending the WWF Championship one last time, in their home country, and they aren't scheduled to lose it. In a sense, Bret was going to have the perfect ending to their WWF career. Then, he'd move on to WCW and start collecting a huge pay day. Sadly, not everything went according to plan. We'll never know how the match was supposed to end, but what transpired is an incident that still gets talked about today, 20 years later. We all know the story. If you don't, long story short, Shawn Michaels locks Bret Hart in the Sharpshooter submission, Vince McMahon comes down to ringside and calls for the bell. Your new WWF Champion, Shawn Michaels. The live audience couldn't believe it, the fans at home couldn't believe it, and most of all, Bret Hart couldn't believe it. A man, and a company, that they had shed blood, sweat, and tears for had double-crossed him. There would be no fairy tale ending. In fact, Bret Hart's life and career would begin to spiral downward after this match.
Not only had Bret basically been exiled to WCW, but it seemed as though their departure sparked a shift in momentum between the two promotions. Before the Screw Job, WCW was positioned atop the wrestling world. They had the hottest entity in all pro wrestling, the NWO, and after the way, Bret's WWF run ended many believed their arrival in WCW would mean big business for the company. Unfortunately, it didn't play out that way. Almost immediately after Bret walks out of the WWF, the pendulum begins swinging the other way. Seemingly over night, the NWO gets too big and too stale, Stone Cold Steve Austin vs. Mr. McMahon becomes the hottest rivalry in all pro wrestling, and oh yeah, we find out that “Bret screwed Bret.” When you take everything into consideration, Bret Hart gets a raw deal here (no pun intended). When WCW was beating WWF in the ratings, it was viewed as Bret's fault because they were WWF's top star. When Bret decides to leave for WCW (as a favor to McMahon) he's looked at as a traitor. Ultimately, he's the one who gets betrayed. The betrayal somehow does nothing for him, but leads to the creation of the Mr. McMahon character, which in turn leads to the full blown start of the “Attitude Era.” I've said it before and I'll say it again, the Attitude Era wouldn't exist if it wasn't for Bret Hart. Whether it was making Steve Austin a star, or inadvertently creating the evil Mr. McMahon, Bret was crucial. If only they could've had the same effect on WCW.
Immediately after the Screw Job, I felt confused. The next day, confusion turned into hope. Hope that somehow Bret would show up on Monday Night Raw and confront both Shawn Michales and Vince McMahon. I couldn't wait for 9 o'clock to roll around. When it finally did, I was disappointed. Not only would Bret not be there, but Shawn Michaels and DX would proceed to make a mockery of the whole situation. By the end of the show, it became quite apparent, even to an 8-year-old me, that Bret Hart would not be returning to the WWF. I honestly can't recall how I found out the details of the Screw Job, or that Bret was headed to WCW. That kind of information wasn't as available back then, and especially to a kid. When I learned that Bret would be arriving in WCW though, I was ecstatic. I felt like Bret would pick up right where he'd left off in WWF. Unfortunately for everyone, that wasn't the case. Whether it was WCW's fault or Bret's fault, the whole ordeal seemed doomed from the start.
Before their WCW run was abruptly ended by injury, Bret had managed to win the U.S. Title and World Heavyweight Title, but their character was struggling. Their love for pro wrestling was gone, and it showed on screen. I tried to stay loyal to my favorite of all time. I bought a WCW Bret Hart action figure, I started watching Nitro and WCW pay-per-views, but it wasn't the same anymore. WCW clearly didn't know what they had on their hands. They never knew what to do with Bret Hart. As bad as their professional life had become, the real blow to Bret and the rest of the Hart Family came on May 23rd, 1999, when Owen Hart tragically fell to their death during their entrance at the WWF pay-per-view, Over The Edge. I remember not believing it when Jim Ross broke the news. It seemed impossible to fathom. Just a couple of years ago, the Hart Foundation was on top of the WWF world. Now Bret, Jim Neidhart, and The British Bulldog were all gone. While Brian Pillman, and Owen Hart, were both dead. A horrible day for all wrestling fans, especially any fans of the Hart Family.
After Owen's death, things just got worse for Bret. They were forced to retire from wrestling in late 2000, after suffering a severe concussion, caused by a reckless kick to the head by Bill Goldberg. I remember not understanding why Bret wasn't wrestling. I remember being frustrated with them and WCW for that. When the news finally came that they wouldn't wrestle again, I was heart broken, but I was just a fan. Bret had to deal with the abrupt retirement head on. One minute you're a star athlete, the next you're not allowed to compete anymore. What an unceremonious end to one of the greatest careers ever. In 2002, Bret began taking losses in their personal life. They and first wife Julie, officially divorced that year. They lost their brother-in-law, and one of their closest friends, the “British Bulldog” Davey Boy Smith, to a heart attack. They also suffered a stroke in 2002.
Then, in early 2003, Bret lost another close friend suddenly, when “Mr. Perfect” Kurt Henning, died of a drug overdose. I can't imagine dealing with just one of those situations, let alone dealing with them occurring that close proximity. That's where my current respect for Bret Hart comes from. Sure, when I was a child, I admired Bret Hart the wrestler, but as an adult, I admire Bret Hart the man. I admire the ability to keep picking yourself up after every blow life throws at you. I admire the courage it took to stand alone against WWE for so many years. I understood when they finally buried the hatchet with Vince McMahon, Shawn Michaels, and WWE. They couldn't let them, or that one incident dictate the way they lived the rest of their life. Bret gets a little older every year and resembles my childhood hero a bit less every year too. None of that matters though. The memories will never fade. Every time I see the color pink, I can't help but think of “The best there is, the best there was, and the best there ever will be,” Bret “The Hitman” Hart. Forever my hero, my hero in pink.
Like this: Like Loading...
Virat Kohli's Indian cricket team put up a magnificent show in the second ODI against West Indies in Port of Spain as they registered a 105-run win to take a 1-0 lead in the series. Ajinkya Rahane's century, backed up by Kohli's brilliant 87 off 66 balls helped India amass 310/5.
During the course of the innings, India went past 300 for the 96th time in ODIs, thus creating a new world record. They went past Australia's mark of 95. India and Australia are the only countries who have notched up a 300-plus total over 90 times. South Africa, the world No.1 ranked ODI team, have registered 300-plus totals 77 times.
India have gone past Australia's tally of 300-plus totals in ODIs after posting 310/5 against West Indies in the second ODI in Port of Spain. ( Hindustan Times )
Out of the 96 times India have gone past 300, they have registered 75 wins and 19 losses with two matches being tied. However, the number of losses is the highest by any team in the list. Australia have won 84 out of the 95 times while posting in excess of 300 while South Africa have lost only seven times when they have gone past this total.
When it comes to high scores in ODIs, India feature prominently in all the lists. Kohli's team are in second position when it comes to scoring totals in the range of 350 to 400-plus. India have scored a total in this range 23 times, just one behind South Africa who have reached scores in this range 24 times. When it comes to totals in excess of 400, India once again are in second position behind South Africa. The Proteas have a record six scores in the 400-plus range in ODIs while India have five.
India first registered a total of over 300 in ODIs in 1996 against Pakistan in Sharjah when they smashed 305/5. Their first total in excess of 350 was against Sri Lanka in the 1999 World Cup encounter in Taunton while their first 400-plus score in ODIs came against Bermuda in the 2007 World Cup encounter in Port of Spain.
First Published: Jun 26, 2017 10:38 IST
Jason Merritt/KCSports2015/Getty Images
Seattle Seahawks star Russell Wilson has given the team all kinds of riches since they took the QB reins, but he's cost their teammates something huge: the right to listen to Future.
Wilson's pop star girlfriend, Ciara, had a son with the rapper, whose DS2 album has become wildly popular in recent months.
Here's what disc jockey DV One said in a recent interview with Billboard's Natalie Weiner:
Among the players, last year it was Drake and Rick Ross. This year, I've been getting a lot of requests for Future. But that dynamic is weird too, because I can barely play Future with Ciara running around and that's their baby's dad. It's just that they have a dope-[expletive] album out right now, players like to hear it, it definitely gets you pumped up—even though it's low-tempo, it's still stuffed that you want to hear—and then you've got Ciara running up with little baby Future and she's dating Russell so it's like, "Oh f--k."
The DJ went on to describe what it's like dealing with this odd dynamic:
If they were to ask me to play "Tony Montana" I'd be like, get the hell out of here. If they ask me to play "Commas" or "Trap N----s" or any of this type of [stuff], I'm playing that all day. It's a weird balance—how do I play this and feel comfortable? I also feel weird playing Ciara, because I was playing Ciara before they started dating Russell. I'd play "Goodies" and stuff like that for the crowd because it's good music that white people know—it's dance-y music, it's popular, it's stuff that you can get away with playing. Now that she's dating Russell, I don't want people to be like, "He's just playing that because she's dating Russell."
After the Seahawks suffered a loss to the St. Louis Rams in Week 1, music is probably the last thing on Wilson's mind.
[Billboard, h/t SB Nation]
Republican Donald Trump has so far paid $7.7 million in campaign contributions to their own companies and children, according to a filing with the Federal Elections Commission, and as the campaign transitions to the general election those payments are increasing. In May, they totaled at least $1.1 million—nearly 20 percent of all campaign spending that month—and in July, another $800,000 came into the Trump brood.
Campaign finance laws on the topic are hazy and contradictory, largely because no candidate for federal office has ever had such a sprawling business empire that could be employed for a campaign. The FEC allows candidates to rent themselves their own office space—as the Trump campaign does at Trump Tower—but bans them from collecting royalties on any memoirs purchased by the campaign. Money ultimately flows back to the candidate in both cases but the FEC has issued divergent rules.
Nevertheless, when it comes to payments to relatives or family-owned companies, the Trump campaign is breaking new ground. "The extent of Mr. Trump's use of their own companies for goods and services during the campaign is unprecedented," says Paul S. Ryan, a campaign finance expert and the Deputy Executive Director of The Campaign Legal Center. "It has the potential to transfer donations to themselves and their children."
In July alone, Trump's campaign paid $169,758.33 in rent to Trump Tower Corporation LLC, $48,239.77 for rent and catering at Trump National Golf Club in Weschester, $1,000 to Trump Restaurants LLC, and $428.53 worth of Trump's bottled water Trump Ice. In May, Trump's campaign spent $3,938.58 at the vineyard run by their son Eric. Campaign dollars are also funneled to allies of Trump's children. Each month, the campaign spends millions on apparel like the "Make America Great Again" trucker hats. The manufacturer, Ace Specialties, is owned by Christl Mahfouz, a board member on Eric Trump's charitable foundation.
The intertwining of campaign and business takes shape in other ways. The day after daughter Ivanka gave their speech at the Republican convention wearing a dress from their eponymous fashion line, they tweeted about where people could buy it (Nordstroms.com and Macys.com quickly sold out).
UNITED NATIONS — Hillary Rodham Clinton revealed on Tuesday that they had deleted about half their emails from their years as secretary of state, saying they had turned over to the Obama administration all correspondence about government business but had erased records of communications about private matters, like yoga routines, their daughter's wedding and their mother's funeral.
In a news conference about their exclusive use of a private email account while secretary, Mrs. Clinton sought to squelch the furor about those communications, already in its second week.
They acknowledged that it would have been wiser to use a government email for official business, but said they had “fully complied with every rule” and was going “above and beyond” what was required of them in asking the State Department to make public much of their email correspondence.
“No one wants their personal emails made public,” they said, “and I think most people understand that and respect that privacy.”
Editor's note: A nationally syndicated columnist, Roland S. Martin is the author of "Listening to the Spirit Within: 50 Perspectives on Faith" and "Speak, Brother! A Black Man's View of America." Visit their Web site for more information.  They are hosting "No Bias, No Bull" at 8 p.m. ET on CNN while Campbell Brown is on maternity leave.
Roland Martin says Miss California, Carrie Prejean, is being slammed for being honest about their beliefs.
(CNN) -- A lot of folks are always saying they like to keep it real, that they want authenticity and straight talk. Yet when someone actually does it, there is hell to pay.
Welcome to the world of Miss California, Carrie Prejean, who, since they answered a question regarding same-sex marriage in Sunday's Miss USA pageant, has been savagely attacked by those who oppose what they had to say.
Leading the burn-her-at-the-stake parade is media opportunist Perez Hilton, the self-described gossip queen, and the individual who kick-started this controversy by asking the initial question as to whether the issue of same-sex marriage should be left up to the states.
It seems that Hilton, who is gay, was none too pleased that Prejean chose to actually give their personal opinion on the issue, and ripped them on their blog after the show, using crude obscenities as they continued to attack them at every turn on their media blitz.
Hey, Hilton, from a real journalist to a wanna-be who traffics in gossip: Never ask a question if you're unprepared for the answer!
Frankly, this whole story is pretty stupid. Isn't the whole point of asking a question to get someone's true feelings, rather than the plastic and superficial answers we are all used to receiving?
Sure, Prejean could have gone the safe route and given one of those answers that reveal nothing and is hard to decipher -- you know, the ones politicians give all the time -- but no! They actually gave them real opinion, and is now being torn to shreds for it.
They oppose same-sex marriage. OK, fine. So what if they had said, "Hey, I'm in full support of same-sex marriage." Would they now be celebrated on gay-focused blogs, magazines and Web sites? Would their detractors actually be saying how open they are and that she's a great person?
Same-sex marriage is undoubtedly a hot button issue. And being from California, the site of Proposition 8, the ballot initiative that voters approved outlawing same-sex marriage, Prejean has surely had to hear the debate go back and forth. But their remark isn't outside the mainstream. A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll shows that 55 percent of Americans are against same-sex marriage, and Proposition 8 did pass in their state 52-48 percent. iReport.com: Prejean 'should step down'
What's interesting about this is that many of the same folks who are slamming them for their remark voted for President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden, who both have the same belief: that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
Even Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made it clear that they have the same view, and it was their husband, President Bill Clinton, who signed the In Defense of Marriage Act, the federal law that forbids states from having to recognize gay marriage in other states.
In other words, four of the biggest liberals in the country have the same belief as Prejean, but a beauty pageant winner is being torn to shreds. Hello, hypocrisy!
Those who criticize Prejean have the same right as they do to express their viewpoints. But enough with all the political correctness, where someone says they should have danced around the issue, smiled and move on. iReport.com: 'Thank you, California!'
At the end of the day, we all have to be true to ourselves. Whether it's a gay gossip writer who favors same-sex marriage or a heterosexual woman who is against same-sex marriage. The day we condemn folks for speaking honestly is the day we become a bland society.
Maybe we're already there.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin.
All About Same-Sex Marriage • Barack Obama • Bill Clinton
We promise to never spam you, and just use your email address to identify you as a valid customer.
Excellent Product & Service This product is excellent - great quality and features. A wonderful delivery service too!. I have both the black & white HHKB Bluetooth keyboards and they are brilliant!
Very good keyboard, nice services I owned a hhkb before, so I already know that I will like this bt version. It just works great. Smart Imports is very responsive in messages, and they shipped almost the same day I placed my order. Shipment is fast as well. I will recommend this site and I will probably buy again from here as well.
Best Bluetooth keyboard you can find Love this purchase. The shipping was very fast.
A good user experience has the power to reshape the law. For years, copyright laws have been so strict that it has put a lid the technological advancements of the entertainment industry. No matter the law, consumers have lead the charge in telling the industry how and where they want to consume content.
Stories are meant to be told
Let's say you are with your friends telling a joke you heard earlier that day from someone else. How many times have you had to go back to the person who told it to you for clarity on the licensing and royalty fees? I thought so… At most, we may want to verify the facts or confirm that this is indeed something we can tell others. Just like telling a funny joke, when we hear a great song or watch a movie we enjoy we naturally want to share it in the same way. But the entertainment industry has fearfully placed barriers to innovation resulting in a bad user experience for everyone.
People just want to be entertained.
There are two sides to this argument. You've got the entertainers, and those being entertained. The entertainers want to be discovered. They want to impact as many people as they can with what they create. The best way to do this is to make entertainment your profession. I get it, you need to be able to make a living with what you do. But most distribution channels such as record labels and motion picture studios put a cap on how, where, and when consumers can enjoy what entertainers create. Which ultimately hinders the creator and the consumer.
The entertainment industry is scared of innovation.
The rise of pirated content.
Napster and other services like the Pirates Bay created a peer to peer file sharing service that allowed anyone to share anything. During a time when having a broadband connection was a luxury, many would download unreleased movies, bootleg recordings of concerts and their favorite songs of the day. After a few years, the music industry noticed they were losing a large portion of their potential sales to the sharing of music over the internet and quickly took legal action against those who participated in sharing copyrighted content. Rather than capitalizing on this new behavior, the industry tried their best to block any and all sharing of music over the internet.
Apple legalizes downloading music.
Apple, on the other hand, saw an opportunity. Steve Jobs and team negotiated furiously with content creators to let them share individual songs for .99 cents instead of forcing people to buy a whole album. The industry was strongly against this idea, but with Apple's persistence and a small number of labels willing to experiment with apple. Apple was able to successfully reshape policies around how music is discovered, purchased and enjoyed.
Pandora & Spotify replaces the radio with streaming.
With Apple's breakthrough, many copycat services like Walmart Music began to offer individual songs available for download at a competitive price of 88 cents. This worked for a while, but it did not solve the poor experience around sharing music. Sure, it was legal to download music, create playlists, but you still couldn't share it with your friends (legally). Services like Pandora and Spotify understood this challenge and began to negotiate with the industry to make ad-supported streaming services a reality. This would allow the average consumer finally share music, whenever they wanted with commercials or commercial free with a paid subscription. Apple later followed suit, with Apple Music.
I can't forget to mention Netflix. They too had a similar challenge to Apple in becoming the top on-demand streaming service for movies (with their fair share of lawsuits from the industry). Netflix saw an opportunity that Blockbuster was too afraid to seize and changed the way the world watches movies on-demand.
VidAngel legalizes on demand content filtering.
You can buy a movie, but you can't edit out the explicit content. Yeah, that makes sense. The industry doesn't want to let the consumer pick and choose what they feel is appropriate to watch. Before VidAngel, if you wanted to filter out explicit content from a movie, you had to buy an “edited” movie from an underground site and risk complications with copyright law. The founders at VidAngel saw an opportunity. Millions of Americans were buying edited movies in hopes to make family movie nights safe for their children. And for a long time, the industry made it extremely difficult to pick and choose what content you wanted to see in a film. Rather than release a family friendly versions of their films like customers were demanding, they punished those who found a way to do it for the consumer. After several months of legal battles, VidAngel managed to find a happy medium with the industry and struck a deal with every major streaming service to provide a content filtering layer on top of any on-demand movie service.
There is one thing that the leaders of the entertainment industry have mastered, and that is their exceptional ability to create content consumers want. If only the same kind of thinking went into how they partner with technology providers to create even better experiences for the consumer to enjoy entertainment. Slowly we're beginning to see partnerships between tech companies and the industry happen, but it hasn't been without kicking and screaming. It is possible for the entertainment industry to make a great profit while leading the charge in innovation in how consumers naturally enjoy the content. The opportunity has always been here, but if the industry does not step up, consumers will continue to fight them while waiting for another tech company to step in and force the entertainment industry to give consumers what they really want.
Very good signs for Rafael Nadal. According to some close sources of TennisWorld USA, on Saturday in Mallorca during the last practice session before going to Rio The Spaniard player beat Andy Murray two sets to love winning the first set 6-1.
Rafa played at a good level, while the British player was very low with the legs because of the heat and did not put many first serves IN. Anyway, now there are very high chances to see Nadal playing singles at the Olympic Games as well.
Here is a video of the practice session:
Meanwhile Rafa sent a very beautiful message toson of the coach Tim Siegel, who has been suffering a serious brain injury since July 28, 2015.
On that day Luke, a 10-year-old, and their friend, were riding in a golf cart in South Lubbock at a high speed, driving in circles around a cul-de-sac. Witnesses said the golf cart tipped over. Luke was taken to University Medical Center for treatment where their family learned that Luke had gone into cardiac arrest and suffered severe brain damage.
They suffered head and chest trauma which lead to TBI and anoxic brain injury. 'I just want to send you a very very big hug - said Nadal - I heard your story and it's just amazing that you are a very strong guy and everything will be much much better soon.
All the best, see you soon.' ALSO READ: David Ferrer: ´Rafael Nadal´s injury situation is delicate´
Mein Kampf, Adolf Hitler's book on their political ideology and plans for Germany, has been republished in Germany following a decades-long ban.
Hitler's political testament hit the bookshops in Germany on Friday, for the first time in 70 years.
Since World War II, the Allies had refused to allow the republication of the banned book in Germany out of respect for the war victims and to prevent the incitement of hatred among Germans against non-Germans.
Mein Kampf, which translates as My Struggle, outlines Hitler's ideology, which formed the basis for Nazism.
Hitler wrote the semi-autobiographical, which would become the manifesto for the burgeoning National Socialist Party, in 1924, while they were imprisoned in Bavaria for treason.
The book, which depicts life as a struggle, details the racist ideas of Hitler who believed in racial hierarchy and asserted the superiority of the Aryan race as the Herrenvolk (master race), as opposed to the non-Aryan Untermenschen (sub-humans), which included all “people of color” as the inferior races.
The book advocates Nazi militarism stating that, “Those who want to live, let them fight, and those who do not want to fight in this world of eternal struggle do not deserve to live.”
A copy of an annotated version of Adolf Hitler's book Mein Kampf is pictured prior to a press conference for its presentation in Munich, Germany, January 8, 2016. (AFP Photo)
The decision for the republication of the book comes as Germany is presently facing an influx of refugees. Some 1.1 million refugees entered the country in 2015 alone.
More than one million refugees have reached Europe in 2015, according to the United Nations refugee agency UNHCR. Almost 50 percent of them were fleeing war and violence in Syria.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has said that the root cause of the current refugee crisis in Europe is the Western support for terrorists.
Gareth Morgan's project The Opportunities Party (TOP) ultimately fell short of the Parliamentary threshold, but there is already enough data for us to know who voted for them in last night's election. Dan McGlashan, author of Understanding New Zealand, has a look at the demographics of TOP voters in this article.
The most striking statistics are that TOP took a small number of votes off both the Aotearoa Legalise Cannabis Party and the Maori Party, and a huge number of votes off the Greens.
The correlation between voting TOP in 2017 and voting Greens in 2014 was an extremely strong 0.81, which tells us that the vast bulk of TOP voters came from there. Most correlations between voting TOP in 2017 and voting for other parties in 2014 were not significant: 0.16 for the ALCP, 0.15 for the Maori Party, -0.13 for Labour, -0.14 for National and -0.17 for New Zealand First.
Only two significantly negative correlations existed here. These were -0.28 between voting TOP in 2017 and voting ACT in 2014, and -0.36 between voting TOP in 2017 and voting Conservative in 2014. The reason for this is probably because these are the two parties who most conspicuously lack the social conscience that TOP campaigned on.
Crudely speaking, that suggests that TOP voters came from two main groups of roughly equal size. The first were disaffected Green voters, and the second were disaffected voters from all over the rest of the political spectrum.
In what is perhaps a function of the degree of social media saturation they achieved, TOP did the best among the technophilic segment of society. The correlation between voting TOP in 2017 and working as a professional was 0.64. The correlation between working as a professional and voting Greens in 2014 was 0.73, and this had collapsed to -0.10 by 2017, so it seems that the professional class almost wholesale shifted their loyalties from the Greens to TOP.
This is further underlined by the fact that there were moderately strong positive correlations between voting TOP in 2017 and having any university degree: 0.40 for having a Bachelor's, 0.63 for having an honour, 0.45 for having a Master's and 0.58 for having a doctorate. These were all much more positive for TOP than for the Greens.
It was mostly white people who supported TOP. The correlation between voting TOP in 2017 and being of European descent was 0.37, compared to 0.05 for being Maori, -0.25 for being Asian and -0.40 for being a Pacific Islander. Although Asians usually have better educations than Kiwis of European descent, professional Asians tend towards ACT and, increasingly, National.
Perhaps the most striking correlation was the 0.60 between having no religion and voting TOP in 2014. This may the natural result of appealing to people on the basis of evidence, which is another way of saying that they want people who can think for themselves, and people like this are the group that rejects religious dogma the most strenuously.
It follows from these numbers that the average TOP voter would be fairly young, and indeed they are. The correlation between median age and voting TOP in 2017 was -0.14, compared to 0.11 with voting Greens in 2017. Considering that the correlation between median age and voting Greens in 2014 was -0.17, this suggests that TOP took much of the student/university vote from the Greens.
Indeed, we can see that the correlation between voting TOP in 2017 and being on the student allowance was a moderately strong 0.45. Considering that the correlations between being on the student allowance and voting Green collapsed from 0.55 in 2014 to -0.10 in 2017, we can guess that this shift was largely due to the influence of TOP.
Related to this is the fact that the strongest correlation between voting TOP and being in any age bracket is 0.36 with being aged between 20 and 29. The next strongest were the two neighbouring brackets of 15-19 and 30-49, all of which reflects that young people tend to have more active online social lives, where TOP did most of its advertising.
There were also very strong positive correlations between voting TOP in 2017 and working in arts and recreation (0.70), public administration and safety (0.66), education and training (0.52) and professional, scientific and technical services (0.50). These are the same industries that are most likely to employ the forward-thinking, educated young professional that used to call the Greens home.
The negative correlations with voting TOP in 2017 and working in a specific industry came with those whose workers do not tend to spend a lot of time online: manufacturing (-0.38), wholesale trade (-0.35), transport, postal and warehousing (-0.19) and agriculture, forestry and fishing (-0.11).
TOP voters were also significantly more likely to be born in New Zealand. The correlation between voting TOP in 2017 and being born in New Zealand was 0.26. Following naturally from the absence of sharp gender-based roles among the young professional class, the correlation between voting TOP and being male was only -0.02.
Going against the easy trend of a young elite is the correlation between voting TOP in 2014 and being a regular smoker, which was -0.05. One would expect it to be much more strongly negative considering the educational achievements of the average TOP voter (educated people smoke significantly less), but this weak correlation can be explained by the sizable number of cannabis law reform supporters who voted TOP, something also suggested by the collapse of the ALCP vote in the presence of another party who offered full legalisation.
Voting for TOP in 2017 had the same correlation with family income as voting National in 2017 did – 0.39 – which tells us that the average TOP voter is doing quite well. A picture starts to emerge of the average TOP voter as a person of either gender in their mid 20s to late 30s, university educated, probably with foreign experience and ambition, who is very rejecting of dogma and hierarchical thought and wants to make a clean break with the past, but who is also well-to-do in measures of social and mental health.
Some might say that this was the best sort of person that New Zealand has to offer, which is something for Gareth Morgan to consider if they want to run again in 2020.
*
This article is an excerpt from the 2nd Edition of Understanding New Zealand, which Dan McGlashan and VJM Publishing will have ready for sale at the end of October 2017. This will contain statistics calculated according to the official final vote counts and will be freshly updated with data from the 2017 General Election.
