Jonathan Banks reprises their role of Mike Ehrmantraut from “Breaking Bad” on the prequel series “Better Call Saul.” They were at the Television Critics Association winter press tour two days in a row for “Saul” and for the guest appearance they make on the upcoming Lifetime series “The Lizzie Borden Chronicles.” Due to Banks' busy schedule, it was actually “Lizzie Borden” who gave us the one on one, but Banks was happy to talk about both shows.
At least to the degree that Banks is forthcoming about anything. Like their tough guy characters, Banks could be cryptic, but they loved talking about both the continuation of their five-year run as Mike, and the single episode they did as a victim of Lizzie Borden.
Comingsoon.net: We only see you briefly at the beginning of “Better Call Saul.” When do you connect with Saul proper in the series?
Banks: About four or five shows in.
CS: Were you happy they did a prequel so that you could come back?
Banks: Oh yeah. I love playing Mike. I love playing Mike and I definitely take things as they come. Had the pilot I did for NBC sold, I wouldn't have been available so it just worked out.
CS: Are you not available to continue on “Community” because of this commitment?
Banks: Well, I'm not sure what the dates were. I have no idea, but my deal was to go in and do a year and then leave.
CS: Did you enjoy “Community?”
Banks: Yeah, they were lovely. They were nice people. I mean, it's not exactly what I do most of the time. I prefer drama most of the time.
CS: “Better Call Saul” seems more surreal than “Breaking Bad” was. Does that make it a different sort of job?
Banks: It's a different rhythm, but Mike is separate from a lot of things and always has been. When you play Mike, you live in Mike's world. I think probably having the character Mike there makes it more similar to “Breaking Bad” than a lot of the other characters.
CS: Have you been briefed on what you're allowed to share about “Better Call Saul?”
Banks: I just assume immediately that I'm not allowed to say anything. I just assume. I really know not to give away anything. I can tell you that you learn about Mike. I can tell you that you learn about Mike's past.
CS: Are there things we learned about Mike in “Breaking Bad” that we now get to see them do those things?
Banks: Yes, some.
CS: Had you had remaining questions about Mike when “Breaking Bad” ended?
Banks: That's a really good question. Mike constantly, there are so many dimensions. I will say this to you. I enjoy that character, love that character so much that as much depth and as much background I can give him, I will. But there's also a part of them that I love that you never quite know many, many things. Hopefully if one thing is revealed, you'll want to know more about Mike.
CS: You've done a number of series regular roles now. Do you still jump at the chance to do an episodic like “Lizzie Borden Chronicles?”
Banks: This one I did. First of all, Stan Brooks is a friend, the guy who produced it. I wasn't prepared for how good it is, I really wasn't. Just everything about it, from Joseph and the wardrobe to the sets to these young actors who I was aware of, but not quite aware of how good they were. Without being a Pollyanna about it, it was a wonderful experience.
CS: When do you appear on “Lizzie Borden?”
Banks: I appear in episode two.
CS: Just for the one episode?
Banks: Yeah, because they kill me. They have no taste.
CS: So who is Mr. Flowers?
Banks:  They are a bad, bad, bad man who I had such a good time playing. I loved it.
CS: I'm sure you've been asked to play a number of characters described that way. Do you enjoy that?
Banks: I do. I really do. I enjoy it. I love it. I love playing bad guys.
CS: Is they a real person from history?
Banks: I don't think so. That is not to say that there weren't a lot of really bad, bad, bad, bad men in history.
CS: What does Mr. Flowers do to the Bordens?
Banks: I think it's more about what the Bordens did to them in the end. They thought they could be a partner of sorts with Lizzie and soon learned that that was not the case.
CS: Have you done many costume dramas in your career?
Banks: This is my 47th year professionally so I guess it's fair to say yes.
CS: Do you enjoy period work and dressing up?
Banks: I do a lot, especially when it's done well and I am not aware that I've done anything that has been done so well as this. I'm telling you, the sets, the wardrobe, the whole look of it is just great.
CS: What were your costume fittings like?
Banks: Well, my wife is a fashion designer, so for the most part they tell me, “Go in, shut your mouth and put on what they tell you. Don't be a prima donna.” Joseph [A. Porro], I am telling you, the precision with what they did and the look. Whatever the fit was, they made so sure that it looked right that they were just something else.
CS: Let's talk about your process because we enjoy seeing your work. Are you an actor who likes a lot of rehearsal?
Banks: If I had my way, we'd rehearse things to death. To a certain point. Process? Based around a lot of simplicity. You can never know your lines well enough and you better listen.
CS: Do you get as much rehearsal as you want for a guest spot like “Lizzie Borden?”
Banks: I don't think I ever get as much rehearsal as I want.
CS: Even as a series regular?
Banks: Yeah. It's TV and there's a certain amount of days it's going to be shot in. But you could be doing a play and you could have six weeks of rehearsal and it still may not be enough.
CS: Was there a point in your career that you noticed this tough guy/badass thing was a niche for you, that directors were seeing you that way?
Banks: I think I've been cast as toughs as far as I can remember always, always.
“Better Call Saul” airs Mondays on AMC and “The Lizzie Borden Chronicles” is coming later this year on Lifetime.
Colleen Schmidt, CTV Calgary
Police are not laying charges against the student who killed a chicken in the cafeteria at the Alberta College of Art & Design as part of a public art project.
On Thursday, a student shocked many of their classmates with a live demonstration about where food comes by killing and processing a chicken for eating in front of a room full of other students.
The student, named Miguel, said they wanted to get students talking about the connection between animals and the food we eat "I just want to put it out there that that is the process it takes for that chicken to get to your table."
The whole event was apparently part of a school project.
“I don't think this is the time to define what is art and what is not, I think that it was just poor judgment from the parties involved. Obviously there were some people in the cafeteria at the time that didn't know what was going on and it was probably quite disturbing for them,” said Alex Middleton, Director of Communications from ACAD.
Reaction from students was mixed and school administration took the incident seriously.
“We have had a performance incident on campus here and we are currently investigating what happened. We have taken immediate action. We're putting in place counselling for our students and the ACAD community. Our counsellor was on campus. They did immediately see students and we've put out an internal communication from the counsellor,” said Dianne Taylor-Gearing, Vice-President, Research and Academic Affairs at ACAD.
Calgary police responded to the incident and questioned the student.
“Upon arrival the officers were able to determine the act was part of an assignment to perform and film a public protest. We have identified the student involved. We have spoken to him. They aren't arrested. They aren't charged,” said CPS Acting Inspector, Rick Tuza.
Police have consulted with The Crown and say the incident does not meet the threshold for criminal charges.
(With files from Bill Macfarlane)
A while ago I submitted this fan cover that was to depict that I wanted to see more Character Development when it came to Princess Celestia in the tv show and/or comics:But the second half of it, which is now changed into this picture above wanted to see just how close Celestia and Twilight have become over the years. I wouldn't be surprised if Celestia kept records at least of all the characters in the show that they have grown attached too through their 1000+ years of being alive, Twilight being no different. This drawing was to show a glimps of the possible memories that they shared taking care of Twilight over the course of their training under their wings ( as well as spike ) and all the fun and excitement they shared together.Knowing me I'll probably look for ways to improve it here and there before nights end and maybe tomorrow, but I hope everyone who gets an opportunity to see this gets a little smile on what I have to display from this.On a side note though, this is also going to be my fan gift autograph piece for Nicole Oliver for BronyCon this year, so if you see someone with a large version of this it might be me there lol. On top of that though, I decided I want to try and make a large portrait that of this, as well as my Bayonetta Luna ( link below ) piece for the BronyCon Charity Auction for anyone who attends that to try and raise a few bits for a good cause, not to mention give people an opportunity to have them be able to hang them to their walls of their houses. For anyone who might be interested. =]>> Page 01Thanks again for your time though, I hope it was worth the wait heh~StarOfficial appeared on EqD HERE yay!
Image copyright PA
Four people have been arrested at Manchester Airport on suspicion of terrorism, police have said.
Two others were arrested on Tuesday as part of the same investigation, launched after nine people were stopped on the Turkey-Syria border on 1 April.
The four are aged between 22 and 47 and are all from Rochdale, Greater Manchester Police said.
Two men aged 21 and 31 had been arrested on Tuesday, on suspicion of terrorism.
One was arrested at Birmingham Airport after being deported from Turkey. The other was arrested in the Rochdale area.
'No imminent threat'
The six arrested people remain in custody.
The group of nine detained in Turkey included five adults and four children.
Greater Manchester Police said officers were working to establish their reason for travel and apparent attempted entry into Syria.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Waheed Ahmed was seen preparing to leave Hatay on a coach
Image caption The nine Britons were detained in Hatay near the Syrian border on 1 April
Officers searched houses in the Rochdale borough as part of the investigation and police said no evidence was found to suggest any "imminent threat" to Rochdale or the rest of the UK.
Greater Manchester Police said in a statement: "Officers continue to work closely with Rochdale Borough Council, local partners, and faith leaders as part of the 'Prevent' initiative."
Footage released on Sunday shows Mr Ahmed leaving a police station in Hatay in Turkey, before getting a coach to Antalya.
Their father, Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, said they had thought their son was on holiday.
In a statement they said: "My son is a good Muslim and their loyalties belong to Britain, so I don't understand what he's doing there."
Penn and Teller appeared on Broadway last week — and made big money appear with them, as their new show muscled up into the top 10 during a summer week that saw post-holiday sales rise at most productions on the boards.
“Penn & Teller on Broadway” ($1,075,289) topped $1 million in its first week of seven previews (and one opening night), powered by the wide fanbase that has sustained the popular magician-skeptics throughout their TV work (such as Showtime series “Penn & Teller: Bulls—!”) and during live engagements including their long-running Vegas show, of which “On Broadway” is a variation. The six-week run in New York seems likely to continue to attract strong interest from both tourist crowds and local fans, who haven't had a chance to see the duo perform in the area since their 1991 Off Broadway run.
Meanwhile, box office on the rest of the Rialt0 evened out following the usual Fourth of July slippage. Overall Broadway attendance bumped up by only about 1,000 people to 245,465, or 87% of total capacity, but competition for in-demand shows was more intense, as the average price paid per ticket rose almost $7 to $107.35. Cumulative sales climbed about $1.7 million to $26.4 million for 28 shows now playing.
Related Listen: Rising Broadway Star Jeremy Pope's Advice for Young Actors 'The Band's Visit' Ending Broadway Run in April
Small theaters led to high demand for hot titles, with Tony champ “Fun Home” ($783,291, its best tally yet in its 740-seat theater) logging an average price per ticket of about $128. “The King and I” ($1,247,155), another Tony winner, hit $149 per ticket in a 1,050-seat venue. But neither of those matched longstanding faves “The Lion King” ($2,308,891), at $170 per ticket, or “The Book of Mormon” ($1,450,865), at $166.
Although it might be tough to score a cheap ticket this summer at the most high-demand shows, Broadway types like to point that plenty of titles sell a good number of tickets at lower price points, such as “Matilda” ($1,077,379) or “The Phantom of the Opera” ($914,409).
In any case, the overall week was strong enough on Broadway to fill the top 10 with million-plus earners, with fully half of the club made up of newer openers including “An American in Paris” ($1,406,875), “Finding Neverland” ($1,126,473) and “Something Rotten!” ($1,088,662), along with “King and I” and “Penn & Teller.”
“An Act of God” ($920,623), the solo show starring Jim Parsons, continued to hold the title for top-earning play, although Tony winner “The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time” ($890,693) and “Fish in the Dark” ($861,784) did plenty well, too.
Further down the chart this week, “On the 20th Century” ($469,559) dipped slightly as it heads into its final week, while well-reviewed play “Hand to God” ($317,244) still struggled (despite the publicity the show grabbed in the wake of its recent cell-phone incident). New musical “Amazing Grace” ($291,315) is hoping the reviews following this week's July 16 opening will prove strong enough to increase ticket demand.
Speaking of demand: In the coming week, look for Off Broadway buzzmagnet “Hamilton,” beginning Broadway previews July 13, to launch strong out of the gate, as the show kicks into gear with a reported advance of $27.6 million.
Fancy taking your place in Kraków legend? If you have a strong pair of lungs and robust knees, you could do just that—for the city is seeking a bugler to play the anthemic Hejnał Mariacki.
Beginning on the hour, every hour, the tune is played four times from a room at the top of the Mariacki's highest tower. Not only is it part of the everyday fabric of Kraków life, but an abridged version of the noon bugle blast is broadcast across Poland on Polksie Radio 1.
Three years ago the firefighters who play the Hejnał Mariacki received new instruments, funded by the city at a cost of 6,000 złoty each. But, while the bugles are new, two of the men (it has always been men, but women will be invited to apply for the job too this time) are coming up for retirement.
The tradition of the Hejnał Mariacki supposedly began in 1241, when a watchman played from the church tower to warn the city of an advancing Tartar army. It ends abruptly because, as legend tells, they were shot through the neck with an arrow. These days, the risk of invasion from the east (Russia excepted) is minimal, although applicants for the job should remember that they climb the Mariacki steps at their peril. The tower closed to tourists because the staircase is considered unsafe, and there is virtually no fire escape.
With exceptions during wartime, the Hejnał mariacki has been played from the tower ever since. Polskie Radio began their tradition of noon coverage in 1927, making it the longest running permanent radio broadcast in the world.
The tune has even been turned into a souvenir, available for download as an Apple an Android app for mobile devices.
Applicants for the post of keeper of legends has until the autumn to learn the Hejnał mariacki and polish their bugle skills. The recruitment process will then begin formally.
(Exclusively for the Krakow Post by Inside Poland)
It has been one year since the original group of protesters showed up in lower Manhattan to speak out against economic inequality. NBC's Brian Williams reports.
NEW YORK, Updated at 8:35 p.m. ET -- Looking to reignite their movement on its one-year anniversary, several hundred Occupy Wall Street activists protested in lower Manhattan Monday, staging a sit-in near the iconic New York Stock Exchange and swarming through the streets in costumes and toting American flags and signs.
Police said more than 180 protesters were arrested, mostly for disorderly conduct. Earlier Monday, protester Michael Aaron said some religious leaders and dozens of others were arrested after sitting down in the street and on the sidewalk, blocking the thoroughfares.
"We're just at year one. We have a really big mountain to climb. But we're hoping to get the power back to the people," said Kim Fraczek, 37, who wore an Obama mask. They were with a man, Erik McGregor, 44, who had on a Romney one. They said they were aiming to show the two were controlled by money.
"In our bipartisan system, when the two candidates for presidency are doing everything to kneel down to the corporations and banks and turn against the people, it doesn't matter who you vote for, because the war machine will continue," said Fraczek, a handbag and jewelry designer.
John Makely / NBC News An arrest on Wall Street as Occupy protesters circulate through the financial district trying to disrupt business on Sept. 17.
The early morning protests and marches were marked by festive cheer, with demonstrators throwing confetti and glitter, carrying balloons and singing "happy birthday." But some protesters also reflected a more somber tone on the anniversary of the day when they set up a nearly two-month camp in nearby Zuccotti Park to protest against income inequality, corporate greed and money in politics.
"It's kind of a day of reflection, a day of celebration, a day that reflects some collective muscle and show of force. And I also think to remind not just ourselves but the world ... that things haven't really gotten better in the last year. In many ways they have gotten worse," said Ian Williams, 27, a graduate student at New York's Hunter College in social work. "And the project we're sort of embarking upon is a long term one."
Protestors gather around the New York Stock Exchange on the one year anniversary of Occupy Wall Street. WNBC's Lori Bordonaro reports.
At some points, protesters blocked traffic and there were a few skirmishes with police that NBC News staff witnessed.
Many protesters wore costumes, such as a group who marched into a Bank of America dressed as polar bears and then formed a meditation circle with others in front of the bank. One of the protesters held a sign that read, "Wall Street: The Business of Extinction."
Another group, clad in black, carried cardboard headstones painted white, with some reading, "RIP" or "Here lies." A woman leading the group had a sign that asked, "What is the cost?"
"The one percent is dictating to the rest of us how we can live our lives," Wes Nickerson, a 59-year-old home health helper from Cambridge, Mass., said as protesters streamed by singing The Beatles' lyrics, "you say it's your birthday."
Hundreds of protesters march in Manhattan's financial district on the one year anniversary of the birth of the "Occupy Wall Street" movement. CNBC's Kayla Tausche and John Carney report.
"I had to come here today because the issues are pressing," they said.
Ahead of the protest, Linda Brown, a retired teacher from Brooklyn, gathered with about 100 activists blocks from the NYSE preparing to join the larger sit-down.
"I think what we have learned a lot in the last couple of years is that the financial crisis wasn't just an act of God ... it was brought about by a whole lot of criminality," said Brown, 66, who has been participating in Occupy since last October.
"This is our democracy, it's really at risk," they added. "We're petitioning for redress of our grievances."
Though Occupy Wall Street galvanized thousands of people across the country last year to protest against the abuses of what they called the "one percent," their numbers have dwindled amid internal squabbling, questions over leadership and financial transparency, and what critics called a lack of direction and goals.
John Makely / NBC News Occupy Wall Street protesters circulate throughout the financial district trying to disrupt business Monday.
But they're hoping Monday will help put more focus onto their original concerns: corporate greed, income inequality and money in politics.
“Why are we going back to Wall Street? Because the one percent wants it all and they're not giving anything up without a struggle. Economic conditions are roughly as bad as they were a year ago and for many, many people they're precarious,” said Bill Dobbs, of the Occupy Wall Street public relations team.
What happened to Occupy Wall Street?
PhotoBlog: Photos of the arrests
Monday's demonstration will culminate three days of teach-ins, marches, a town square and other events in New York leading up to the anniversary.
Related:
'Battle for the soul of Occupy': Activists fear becoming Democratic 'pet'
'Tea and Occupy' -- a discussion/debate between members of the two movements
Occupy Congress: Could it be politics as unusual?
To demand or not to demand? That is the 'Occupy' question
Chicago braces for major protests as NATO summit looms
Old guard back in the trenches at 'Occupy' protests
Canada has produced several big breakthroughs in artificial intelligence in recent years, and its government is keen to establish the country as a global epicenter of AI. The country's prime minister, Justin Trudeau, also hopes that the technology will learn Canadian values as it grows up.
Speaking at a major AI event in Toronto today, Trudeau demonstrated an impressive enthusiasm for AI and machine learning, at one point even taking a stab at describing the concept of deep reinforcement learning, an approach that lets computers learn to do complex things that can't be programmed manually (see “10 Breakthrough Technologies 2017: Reinforcement Learning”).
Both deep reinforcement learning and deep neural networks, which the method exploits, were pioneered by researchers working at Canadian universities. The country's government is now investing in big efforts to spur more AI research. Google, DeepMind, Facebook and others have also opened research centers in Toronto, Montreal, Alberta, and elsewhere in the country. One factor in this trend is the welcoming attitude of the Canadian government to immigrants.
Trudeau addressed concerns about the technology's path, including ethical risks and unknown consequences. Machine-learning algorithms that learn through experience often cannot be interrogated, they pointed out. The opacity of AI algorithms is, in fact, a growing concern for many AI researchers (see “The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI”).
“It's really, really exciting, but it's also leading us to places where maybe the computer can't justify the decision—where we can't explain why a particular decision was taken,” the prime minister said. “It's challenging for us to think about in an ethical and moral frame, but also as a legislator.”
Fortunately, they believe, Canadian culture might offer the right guidance for the technology's development. “I'm glad we're having the discussion about AI here in a country where we have a charter of rights and freedoms; where we have a decent moral and ethical frame to think about these issues,” they said.
AI has demonstrated itself to be such a transformative technology—with the power to build billion-dollar companies and upend existing industries—that many countries are developing policies to exploit it, and to benefit from its impact. China, for example, has made a remarkable commitment to investing in AI in coming years (see “China's AI Awakening”).
Trudeau also addressed the question of how the pace of technological development may leave some behind.
“You have the haves, the have-nots, and the have-yachts,” they said. “This is simply not sustainable.”
They suggested that whether AI continues to be made in Canada or not, progress is unlikely to slow down. “The pace of change has never been so fast,” they said, “but it will also never be this slow again.”
Liberal MP Alex Hawke and Tony Abbott. But the IPA's intervention may have had the reverse effect, with Mr Abbott and shadow treasurer Joe Hockey forced to come out to lock in the scheme. Mr Abbott said on Tuesday their paid parental leave policy would be implemented in the first term of their government as an important, signature reform. In a message to their colleagues, as well the electorate, they said the policy was a sign that the Coalition "gets it" when it comes to modern women and modern families. Mr Abbott said that young women "in the prime of life" should be able to have a career as well as children. "We do not educate women to higher degree level to deny them a career," they told reporters in Melbourne.
"If we want women of that calibre to have families – and we should – well we've got to give them a fair dinkum chance to do so.' Liberal frontbenchers believe the chance is now lost to talk Mr Abbott into dumping the scheme, which offers new mothers 26 weeks' parental leave on full pay, up to a maximum wage of $150,000 a year. It would be funded by a 1.5 per cent levy on about 3200 of the biggest companies. The editor of the IPA Review, James Paterson confirmed that Mr Hawke's essay had been slated for the second edition in June/July but had been "slotted in early". They denied its release had been timed to ratchet up pressure on Mr Hockey when they spoke at an IPA lunch on Monday. Mr Patterson said: "Alex Hawke is right about Tony Abbott's paid parental leave scheme – it is unnecessary and unjustified, especially at a time of massive budget deficits and an uncertain economic climate. The Liberal Party is supposed to be the party committed to smaller government, but the tax increase to fund this generous welfare program will only increase the size of government."
Some of Mr Hawke's Liberal Party colleagues thought their bold entrance into the debate must have been pre-approved by Mr Abbott but the Opposition Leader's office insisted they were taken by surprise on Monday. "It's very unlike Alex to act in a way that is not politically strategic," said a Liberal MP. Mr Hawke, who holds the north-west Sydney seat of Mitchell, said they had canvassed their opposition to the policy with Mr Abbott in the past. Mr Hawke's call for the policy to be scrapped before the September election has been backed by requests from two prominent Perth Liberals for the Coalition's leadership to justify the policy. Veteran backbencher Dr Mal Washer has asked Mr Abbott and Mr Hockey and finance spokesperson Andrew Robb to "explain if this is still a good idea" given the "dire straits the Labor Party has got us into with its fiscal mismanagement".
Fellow West Australian MP Dennis Jensen said they were worried about the cost of the scheme, as the levy on big business to fund it could cost jobs and affect prices. "There are a whole lot of potential unintended consequences which would eventuate from this which I don't think have been adequately looked at and addressed," they said. Mr Hockey had earlier mounted a passionate defence of the parental leave scheme, branding Mr Hawke a lone voice in wanting it dumped and declaring that the Coalition was "absolutely committed" to the policy, which would boost female participation in the workforce, increase productivity and deliver a "massive benefit" to small business. "Tony Abbott, and our policy, is the only one that gives small business exactly the same platform as big business - and, importantly, small business doesn't have to pay it," they said. "That's why it's important. It's a leveller, an opportunity.' Loading With Judith Ireland and Michael Gordon
By Cindy Alford
I have a long standing kinesthetic relationship with fibers—I like to touch. It feels elemental, like something from another lifetime. Knitting, crocheting, reverse applique, embroidery, needlepoint, weaving, and sewing—I've dabbled in them all. But quilting is my favorite; the texture created by quilting is like nothing else.
My sensibility as an artist was formed during the years I pursued an art minor at a small college in Oregon. The art department was in an old, two-story houses. The biggest room downstairs was devoted to the gallery. The art shown was varied and of high quality, but the significance for me came from the fact that I looked at each show once or twice a week for as long as it lasted. I learned to see, to experience what I saw, and most importantly, to trust my opinions.
I was still a long way from thinking of myself as an artist.
Twenty years later, I struggled to say, “my quilting room,” and, “I am a quilter.” Joining several other women to form a small group was pivotal, because I learned to put my work up on the wall, stand back, and really look. I learned that I couldn't make a decision about my art in my head because the reality seldom resembled my imaginings. I had to see my work in order to make decisions.
I always begin a quilt with the fabrics. That necessarily led to designing my own quilts, because I needed a design to fit the fabrics. This need led to that magical feeling of being lost, totally absorbed in the moment, playing with ideas, and creating something I liked.
The part of quilting I like most is the decision making. I may design a whole quilt at the beginning, but the plan always evolves. I start with something and then add and subtract and try out and discard as I go along over a period of days and weeks. I often have several projects going at once on the design wall that stretches across the room. Many times a day I stop and look, have an idea, try it out. Look again. This process is what keeps me coming back. Alive. Working.
For me the hardest part of being an artist was getting to the point where the joy of the process outweighed the fear of making a fool of myself. I always came back to the question, “What do I have of value to share?” The big shift came when I realized that the purpose of making art was my joy in the process, not what was produced. I hope to spread that joy of creating art by bringing together a community of quilters, on the internet, focused on designing original quilts.
The idea came about from reading a book that described an experience I was having: when I searched the internet for quilting, all I seemed to find were sites selling something. The book also proposed a solution: curated websites. In their book, “Curation Nation,” Steve Rosenbaum asserts that we need a way to filter the tsunami of information coming at us from the internet. They propose that we need a kind of “home base” for our interests, a site that we can rely on to bring us the best of what is available. In other words, we need help searching and filtering and focusing on our particular interest.
So, that's what I'm creating: a site devoted to the designing of quilts. But I don't want to do it alone. I'm in search of a community of quilters who, like me, don't like to follow instructions and are learning to design their own quilts. If this describes you or someone you know, please go to www.greatauntsula.com. I named the site for my great great aunt Sula whose quilt I own. In July I will be starting a “Design Along” group. If you are a quilter, you know about “Quilt Alongs,” which give instructions for a new block each month. “Design Along” will involve trying out a specific design technique or process and sharing your project with others as we go along. I hope you'll join me and we can see where this will lead.
I moved to Vadito, New Mexico ten months ago, after visiting the state for years. I have lived in many parts of the US and in two foreign countries. New Mexico is unique in three ways: the emphasis on art; the Native American presence; a focus on the spiritual life. I also love the small towns (one of the reasons I choose to live in a village on the High Road to Taos), the mountains, the forest and the changing weather of northern New Mexico.
"It's a big deal to talk about impeachment," House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told their colleagues. | AP Photo Pelosi predicts Trump will 'self-impeach'
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi believes President Donald Trump will “self-impeach” and that Democrats should wait for the Russia investigations — especially special counsel Robert Mueller's probe — to play out before pushing to remove them from the Oval Office.
Pelosi also believes that if Trump fired Mueller — which some Trump allies are encouraging the president to do — it would be enough to push Republicans to begin seriously considering acting against the president on their own.
Story Continued Below
The California Democrat made the comments during a closed-door meeting Tuesday as part of a broader effort to discourage rank-and-file lawmakers from continuing to talk publicly about impeaching the president right now.
"It's a big deal to talk about impeachment," Pelosi told their colleagues, according to multiple Democratic sources. "I think he's going to self-impeach."
Pelosi's views are important because while they have publicly dismissed discussions on impeaching Trump, their remarks show they think the president will ultimately take some action that will be egregious enough to make it easy for Congress to act. And they could end up speaker again after November 2018 if Democrats regain control of the House, giving them much more influence over Trump's success or failure as president.
In the meantime, Pelosi argued, Democrats risk turning the spotlight on themselves when it should remain on Trump and their actions during the ongoing congressional and independent investigations.
FBI Director James Comey last week accused Trump of lying about whether the president tried to obstruct the criminal investigation in former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Comey also testified the president pressured them to “lift the cloud” around the ongoing Russia probe. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is set to testify Tuesday afternoon before the Senate Intelligence Committee and will be asked about Comey's comments, as well as undisclosed meetings they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Sessions has recused themselves from any role in the Russian election interference probes because they failed to reveal two such meetings during their confirmation hearing.
Pelosi's point is that Trump and their allies are doing enough to potentially impede the investigation — and possibly trigger impeachment down the road — that there's no upside to House Democrats interfering right now.
At best, Democrats risk distracting from Trump's ongoing controversies if they push too hard on impeaching Trump now, party leaders say. And at worst, Democrats could alienate independent voters who could be the key to handing them back control of the House.
Pelosi's comments came during a tense discussion over controversial actions from Rep. Brad Sherman, who circulated a draft article of impeachment Monday and said they might force debate on the issue on the House floor.
Sherman's tactic prompted a stern rebuke from fellow Democratic Rep. Mike Capuano of Massachusetts during Tuesday's caucus meeting.
Capuano said actions like Sherman's, without first consulting the entire Democratic Caucus, can inflict serious damage to other members and potential candidates in districts where Trump is popular.
“Emotions are high. These issues have political implications and government ones,” Capuano said, according to sources in the room. There needs to be "a discussion within the caucus — in a public forum — before we do something that would position our colleagues or our future colleagues,” they added.
House Democratic Caucus Chairman Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.) agreed, calling it a “courtesy to our colleagues.”
“There is a need for a family discussion before any issue of this magnitude is brought forward,” Crowley said.
"I do think the issue of impeachment is a very profound issue, one that strikes at the core of our Democracy,” Crowley added in a post-caucus news conference.
Sherman said in an interview with POLITICO afterward that Capuano was mostly upset about the idea of forcing a floor debate on impeachment without first talking the issue out in caucus.
“Under the circumstances as they exist now, the answer is no,” Sherman said when asked whether they would try to bring the issue up on the floor even if Pelosi and other leaders advised against it.
“But you're asking me what I'm going to do months and months from now … If there was mixed view — some leadership said this, some said that — who knows?”
PETALING JAYA: The National House Buyers Association (HBA) says “ridiculous” prices are the real reason many Malaysians are unable to afford property, to the point where even households earning RM9,000 struggles to buy a home.
In an interview with FMT, the association's honorary secretary-general Chang Kim Loong dismissed the notion that banks were to blame for unsold properties.
This was after the Real Estate and Housing Developers' Association (Rehda) cited end-financing issues and loan rejections as the main reasons for unsold properties, with rejection rates as high as 60%.
“If you look at Bank Negara Malaysia's 2016 annual report, you'll see that since 2012, the increase in prices of houses has outstripped the rise of income levels,” Chang said.
They said this indicated that average Malaysians just couldn't afford a home based on their income.
Chang explained the affordability rating concept, the recommended benchmark for the affordability of homes.
This rating, they said, was derived from dividing the price of a house by the borrowers' annual household income.
“Essentially, according to this benchmark, an affordable house shouldn't cost more than three times a borrower's annual household income.
“So if the borrower's annual household income is, say, RM10,000 per month or RM120,000 per year, then the borrower should only be eyeing properties priced RM360,000 and below.”
Chang said this benchmark had been endorsed by reputable international bodies including the World Bank and the United Nations, as well Bank Negara and local think tanks such as Khazanah Research Institute.
Breaking down the maths
“To give you an example of how unaffordable houses are now, you just have to look at the numbers. Based on figures from the Department of Statistics, you'll see that the median monthly household income in 2014 in Kuala Lumpur was RM7,705
“Say, on average, this person saw an annual increase of 6% in the monthly household income from 2015 to 2017. This would mean their median monthly household income in 2017 should be RM9,177.”
Chang said if one were to multiply RM9,177 by 12 months and then multiply this by three, a property that would be considered affordable would cost RM330,372. Anything more than this would be realistically unaffordable.
“Some might argue that prices of homes are way more expensive in KL, but the truth is salaries outside of KL are also lower. Using the same formula and statistics, we can count what is affordable in Negeri Sembilan.
“In Negeri Sembilan, the median monthly household income in 2014 was RM4,115. Factoring in the same increase in the median monthly household income in 2017 would make it RM4,900, meaning an affordable home would be in the range of RM176,400.”
Chang said even a home which cost RM294,000 would be unaffordable for a household earning RM4,900 a month.
Are banks the bad guys?
The Association of Banks Malaysia in the past explained that many loan applicants failed to secure loans due to their high debt service ratio, bad credit history, insufficient income, and repayment ability.
Last month, The Sun daily reported Bank Negara Malaysia as saying that access to financing wasn't the problem with the affordability of houses, and that the loan approval rate of houses for the first five months of 2017 stood at 74%, accounting for some RM40 billion in housing loans.
Chang said the banks were right to only approve loans from those who could afford them, and that relaxing the lending criteria would only encourage housing developers to price their properties higher.
They said according to Khazanah Research Institute, the prices of homes increased three times more per year between 2009 and 2014 than they did annually from 2000 to 2009.
According to some industry experts, the oversupply of properties has resulted in property prices dropping by as much as 30% in recent years, although Chang said they were still beyond the affordability of most.
Relaxing credit criteria has other domino effects
Chang also said if banks were to relax their lending criteria, owners of existing properties, especially those who were part of the property speculators and investors “club”, would also follow developers in increasing their selling prices.
“So, new property prices in prime areas such as Damansara will eventually push up property prices as far as in Semenyih and Seremban.”
Chang added that higher property prices would also lead to higher ancillary costs such as stamp duties, which are normally charged based on a percentage of the property value.
More importantly, Chang said, relaxing lending criteria would lead to banks giving loans to those who weren't creditworthy.
This, combined with over-priced properties and an economic slowdown, could result in a sub-prime crisis like the one the United States experienced in 2008.
They said Malaysia was already experiencing an economic slowdown due to the drop in oil and commodity prices, while Bank Negara Malaysia's annual report showed that property prices were beyond the reach of most Malaysians.
“By calling on banks to relax the lending criteria, we could be courting a potential financial disaster, which could cause the collapse of the banking sector. So it's important, perhaps now more than ever, that banks do not relax their lending criteria.”
A Danish woman has been convicted of having two of their daughters genitally mutilated in Denmark's first such case to come before a court.
The mother, who is of African origin, was also accused with their husband of planning a trip to Sudan to circumcise another daughter, aged five.
They were given a two-year sentence but freed, AFP news agency says, as they had already spent four months in jail.
A 2003 law makes genital mutilation punishable by up to six years in jail.
The father of the two girls, aged 10 and 12, said they did not know what was happening and was acquitted.
Female circumcision is most common in Africa. It involves the surgical removal of a young girl's clitoris or other genital parts.
Some 100 to 140 million girls and women around the world have undergone genital mutilation, including 6.5 million in Western countries, according to a 2007 study by the French National Institute for Demographic Research.
Female circumcision can cause death through haemorrhaging and later complications during childbirth. It also carries risks of infection, urinary tract problems and mental trauma.
(AP Photo/The Sentinel, Dennis R.J. Geppert)
What is the purpose of education? The question came into stark relief when Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker recently tried to quietly change the century-old mission of the University of Wisconsin system by proposing to remove words in the state code that command the university to “search for truth” and “improve the human condition” and replacing them with “meet the state's workforce needs.” Walker backed off when the issue became public and sparked intense criticism from academics and others, but the issue remains a topic of national debate and of the following post. It was written by Arthur H. Camins, director of the Center for Innovation in Engineering and Science Education at the Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, N.J. The ideas expressed in this article are theirs alone and do not represent Stevens Institute. Their other writing can be found at www.arthurcamins.com.
By Arthur H. Camins
Debate about the purposes of education never seems to end. Should young people become educated to get prepared to enter the workforce, or should the purpose of education be focused more on social, academic, cultural and intellectual development so that students can grow up to be engaged citizens?
Over the last 50 years, anxiety about competition with the Soviet Union, Japan, and China for global economic, military and political dominance have supported periodic calls for more effective workforce development. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker recently tried to change the mission statement of the University of Wisconsin to focus exclusively on workforce development. With each new workforce development or economic competitiveness demand on our K-12 schools, there has been push-back from those who want greater emphasis on a broader view of education.
But it doesn't have to be either-or. Education should prepare young people for life, work and citizenship.
Knowledge of the natural and engineered environments and how people live in the world is critical to all three purposes of education. Critical thinking, creativity, interpersonal skills and a sense of social responsibility all influence success in life, work and citizenship. For example, unhappy personal relationships often spill over into the work environment, while a stressful workplace or unemployment negatively impacts family life. Uninformed disengaged citizens lead to poor policy choices that impact life, work and citizenship. To paraphrase the verse in the old song, “You can't have one without the others.”
This multiple-purpose perspective has practical implications for both day-to-day instruction and education policy.
What classrooms features support education for life, work and citizenship?
The key is to identify the learning behaviors in which students should be engaged. The National Research Council's Framework for K-12 Science Education provides some good examples. The framework describes the practices that scientists and engineers utilize to build new knowledge and designs, but also the student engagement that leads to learning. To be clear, the framework starts from the premise that science is a means to develop explanations about how the natural world works, and engineering is a means to develop solutions to human problems. Both are intended to improve our lives– a strong motivator for all learning. With a little tweaking, the practices are surprisingly applicable to various school subjects and as vehicles to address our multiple purposes.
(1) Ask questions about phenomenon (causes of cancer, climate change) and define problems that need to be solved (designing cancer treatment drugs, low-impact energy generation). In classrooms, students can ask questions about how living things get energy to live and grow. They can design prototypes of robots to clean up an oil spill. An educational focus on asking productive questions and defining meaningful problems isn't just an academic skill. It is an important disposition across life, work and citizenship.
(2) Develop and use models. Models represent relevant testable features of scientific explanations or design solutions. In classrooms, teachers engage students to surface, clarify, refine and advance their understanding. Done well, this means that teachers don't just present already established ideas but engage students in examining and advancing their own ideas. It means that students are challenged to reflect on what they already think they know and when appropriate research what others know in order to develop a preliminary testable model. One key modeling idea, applicable to life, work and citizenship is that most problems worth contemplating are complex and that seeking to understand that complexity is a better approach than a rush to simplicity. Another important idea is that models, or our initial ideas, should be subject to systematic investigation. Knowing whether or not those models comport with reality is critical, lest we make poor uninformed choices with unintended consequences.
(3) Plan and carry out investigations. The goals of investigations are to test, refine or replace existing or hypothetical explanations or design solutions. For example, in high school biology classrooms, students may design investigations to determine what kinds of algae and what conditions are optimal for removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. In doing so, they need to anticipate what data would support or challenge their initial ideas or design choices. Developing students' abilities to examine data systematically, is yet another multipurpose education outcome. Taught well, students learn three basic premises: The questions asked frame what data is available for inquiry. The questions not asked may be just as important. In addition, in an active classroom with plenty of time for discussion, students learn that different people look at the same data and reach different interpretations. Not a bad life skill!
(4) Analyze and interpret data and (5) Use mathematics and computational thinking. Data does not speak for itself. Investigations to test explanations or designs yield data that must be interpreted. In classrooms organized around these eight practices, students learn that answers to important questions are not preordained. Instead, answers come from examining whether, when, under what circumstances, and how things work in the world. Students learn to use both traditional and modern interpretative tools. Especially in examining complex systems or designing complex solutions, mathematical representation and computational analysis are critical. Students learn to see mathematics not as procedures to be memorized, but as tools for making sense of the world– yet another multipurpose skill.
(6) Constructing explanations and designing solutions and (7) Engage in argument from evidence. The framework says:
“The goal for students is to construct logically coherent explanations of phenomena that incorporate their current understanding of science, or a model that represents it, and are consistent with the available evidence…. [When considering proposed solutions to engineering design problems], there is usually no single best solution but rather a range of solutions. Which one is the optimal choice depends on the criteria used for making evaluations.”
However, the framework goes one step further to say that in addition to developing logical evidence-based arguments, students should practice defending or revising their explanations or solutions in the light of competing ideas. Think about the power of depersonalizing arguments and making them about evidence. That sure could improve addressing the inevitable conflicts that are part of the fabric of life, work and citizenship.
(8) Obtain, evaluate, and communicate information. The practices of science and engineering are forward-looking, knowledge- and solution-directed and always seeking improvement. As such, there is a premium on communicating with others. As a result, classrooms that engage in these practices are characterized by collaboration, reflectiveness and openness to alternative ideas. Once again, great skills to nourish for life, work and citizenship.
What policies promote education for life, work and citizenship?
First, across multiple traditional subject areas, teaching to develop students' expertise to apply these practices implies substantial shifts in instructional emphasis. These shifts will require the development of new curricula and professional development. That should be a high funding priority.
Second, because substantial engagement in these practices is a significant cultural change, time and patience are in order. No quick fixes or short-term measurable results can be expected from current formative or summative assessment instruments or practices.
Third, teaching through these practices demands content that has personal and social relevance for students so that they are intellectually and emotionally engaged in their own learning. This implies that teaching for test success is an insufficient, if not undermining, motivator. As a result, current policies that give priority to consequential assessment need to be severely curtailed.
Fourth, since our social and technological context is constantly evolving, education for life, work and citizenship cannot just focus on what is already known and how we live now. Therefore, teaching and assessment that privilege rote learning should give way to preparation for future learning.
No matter what progress is made to shift the practices and content of daily classroom instruction, inequity will continue to be a substantial limiting factor. Application of the systems thinking that characterizes progress in science and engineering to education policy means that real sustainable improvement depends on addressing inequity in areas such as well-paid employment, health care, food, and housing security. You can't have one without the others.
Friday 16.09, while working on the openSUSE 12.1 marketing actions during the Marketing Hackfest, two of us had the spontaneous idea to suggest an interview to Michael Miller(Vice President of Global Alliances & Marketing for SUSE), asking them a few questions we could have in the openSUSE community. We did not have the time to go around, to find the FAQ or to choose the â€œbest questionsâ€. It was kind of â€œshall we do that, around a cup of coffee ? Why not ?â€. And Michael Miller accepted our proposition, without any objection or any â€œjoker's needâ€.
We thank them for their open mind, flexibility and simplicity,
and hope you'll appreciate this interview as much as we did.
1. Can you remember what were your impressions, when you first installed openSUSE ? What did you find easy and what was difficult?
Michael Miller: let me think about that. I wasn't used to YaST, so I didn't know that everything was right there.
In fact, I was using KDE for many many years before. When I went to the first install of openSUSE, I tried GNOME , instead. I just wanted to try something different. I found the installation really simple and quick.
I started looking for the things I wanted to install, and I liked the repositories, factory and things were very easy to find, and I was able to get everything that I needed. Then I liked the package manager, zypper, which I mostly use in a shell, so I get all installation details.
2. How did you “find” openSUSE conference?
MM: That was a lot of fun! I had no idea what to expect at all. And what I liked the most when I got there was that thoughÂ people didn't know me, everybody was really happy to see someone walkingÂ in. It was very friendly : â€œOh another person coming !â€ Very welcoming, very open. Then I walked around and I looked in at some of the sessions and I noticed that people really seemed to pay attention, to focusÂ and the quality of the content and of the presenters was very good.
I guess the quality of the ppl, of the contents, of the conversations was very high.
And at the same time it was very casual and fun. So, an interesting combination of really high quality content, some technical content but also organizational, about ambassadors, how to bring more contributors in the project …
PS F.W.: could you please tell us a â€œnegativeâ€ point ;-))?
MM: Oh â€¦ I have a story yes. When I wanted to go there, I wrote down the street address and showed it to the taxi driver and they didn't know where it was. Finding the conference place was very difficult. Then I saw some green through a window and I said: let's go there !
PS K.K: would you advise corporate people to visit openSUSE conference, to go to such events?
MM: Yeah, and I would advise different people in a corporate environment, to go to different types of events like openSUSE conference. Not just people looking for technical contents but I would also adviseÂ enterprises who want to run their business better and want to contribute to open source. Becoming a new contributor is a bit scary. But when you go to such conference as openSUSE, there is no intimidation. It's so friendly that it's a really good way for peopleÂ to join the community.
3. Attachmate is hiring people from various projects, like Cornelius S. or Greg K.H.to help openSUSE community. Why are you doing that? What are the benefits for the SUSE business?
MM: For us, or I would say for SUSE as a business, it's two things :
one is that gives us an opportunity to help shape the future of Linux in a way that aligns with the goal of our enterprise customers. We know what our customers need in order to run a business on open-source software. And rather than just take whatever is just there and hope it works, we need to put people into the community and help build what we know our customers need.
the second thing is that there's no way to give our customers what they need with only SUSE employees. And if we want all these efforts from the community, to help us, we have to give something back. And if Greg needs something, for example, they have people in the community that trust them and will support and help them solve the problem.
That's the magic of this whole model of open-source software. The responsiveness, the quickness, the innovation, you can't replicate that with traditional corporate resources, and :
the only way to have that is to be part of it !
4.What are SUSE expectations from the openSUSE community?
MM: I think my expectation is that there is always an openness, to accept contributors from inside the company :Â welcomingÂ SUSE as a part of the community. As long as this is a truly, respectable, collaborative, free exchange of innovation, that the community will support us as well, it's great. It really has to be mutual.Â I hope too, that SUSE employees are not only engaged as a â€œcorporate guy,â€ but also as a person with interests, talents and just someone that gets excited about things they can contribute.
The SUSE business and the openSUSE community, we won't have always the same priorities, so another expectation would be to all agree that is OK : â€œwe don't need to all go to the same place at the same time. We can support each other, and that makes it mutual.â€
5.According to you, what are the main differences between SUSE and openSUSE? And how can we get over them to collaborate efficiently?
MM: I think one difference between SUSE and openSUSE is that openSUSE is driven by a consensus based organization, from bottom to top. The board are elected people, based on merit.
openSUSE is UNIQUE, the community and how it works is unique. In the SUSE business, we do what is needed to service a market demand, which is not always the line of our personal passion. And the customers and market demands can change, so you may work on something and be very excited about it, then you have to stop and start working on the other thing.
That is very different from the openSUSE community, where you have the freedom to work from your passion, and take it as far as you want to take it.
What's great is that people who work in a corporate environment can still follow their passion in the community: if you spend your day doing what the market and customers demandÂ then it's even more exciting to be part of the community, because it's different. It's a contrast. All day, you did one thing but int the community you get to pursue something else if you like..
It's kind like you wear some suit all day, and when you go home at the end of the day, you take that suit off, put on your short, sandal and t-shirt, and feel really good.
6. What were your first impressions on openSUSE community? how do you see us and what do you think our priorities should be the next months?
MM: So, myÂ first impression was formed even before the acquisition of Novell, mostlyÂ on IRC and in the forms. And as I said, I was a bit intimidatedÂ at first: â€œoh I'm an Attachmate guy, and if I go out there, I'm gonna be unwelcome, you know.â€ And I was very surprised that didn't happen. So the first impression was like WAOUH ! Then people asked me a lot of questions like â€œcan you help us bring more people from attachmate into the community? Can we come to Attachmate and do some presentations to your engineers ? Would you be interested in having openSUSE CDs to give out to your friends at Attachmate ?â€ I expected people that push me away, and instead of that, they sent me a box with t-shirts, CD and geekos. So it was the opposite from what I expected. It was great!
Now, I see the openSUSE community as more fun, people who are passionate and having fun. I think my impression before was that it was more serious. Now it's just a lot of people having fun together.Â I've also learned there is a need for more people to contribute. Everywhere you look, there are so many ideas and things we can do. I didn't realize, I thought everything was covered and OK. And then I realized :
PS: You wanna help? We have a big to-do list ;-))
MM: I think in the next months, really near term, we have to get out the 12.1 version, and yes promote it like it deserves because it's a really attractive and amazing one. My personal opinion is that we should make sure that we can build on top of that version, like using 12.1 as strong base and signal for new areas. So we talk about openSUSE as a distribution calledÂ 12.1, but it is also as a whole project with more than just a distribution. We can grow upon that – marketing our community and tools around the distribution, and by doing so get all that much bigger and more diverse by attracting more contributors.
7. What would you like to say in this article and to the openSUSE community?
MM: I guess the first or the main thing I want to say isÂ thank you for being so welcoming. I feel like I'm part of the community. So thank you and if I could give to everybody a virtual hug, I would do that.
Michael Miller, we thank you a lot for this interview. And could we fix a rendez-vous for next year conference, to evaluate what we've done together?
M : oh yeah, that would be really interesting, that would be great! Thank you ;))
Kostas Koudaras and FranÃ§oise Wybrecht
and thanks to Stella Rouzi and Bruno Friedmann for their help
Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Tags: No tags available
No tags available Category: Project
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Will Lynch is looking for justice in an unusual way. Charged with savagely beating the priest they say molested them as a child, they plan to try to use their trial to publicly shame the Rev. Jerold Lindner in court.
Law experts say they face an uphill battle. However, priest abuse victims are cheering Lynch on and offering to donate to their defense fund.
“Somebody needs to be a face for this abuse and I'm prepared to put myself on the line,” Lynch told The Associated Press in the first interview since their arrest last month. “There's nothing they can take from me that they haven't already taken.”
Lynch is accused of luring Lindner to the lobby of a retirement home in May and beating them bloody in front of horrified witnesses. Lynch, 43, plans to plead not guilty at their arraignment on an assault charge today.
Lynch accuses the 65-year-old Jesuit priest of sexually abusing them and their younger brother in 1975 during weekend camping trips in the Santa Cruz Mountains. The boys, 7 and 4 at the time, were raped and forced to have oral sex with each other while Lindner watched, Lynch said.
Lindner has repeatedly denied abusing anyone and has never been criminally charged. They hung up Wednesday when the AP called them for comment.
In a deposition in the late 1990s, Lindner said they didn't recall Lynch or their brother, though the siblings received $625,000 in a 1998 confidential settlement with the Jesuits for alleged abuse by the priest.
Lynch says memories of the priest have tormented them for years, and they struggled through alcohol abuse, depression, nightmares and divorce. They tried to commit suicide twice and told the Los Angeles Times in 2002 that they often thought about confronting Lindner.
Authorities say Lynch acted on that fantasy when they attacked the priest on May 10 after the cleric failed to recognize them at the Jesuits' Sacred Heart retirement home in Los Gatos. Lindner has recovered from the attack.
Lynch refused to discuss the beating in the AP interview last week. However, they said they hope to use their case to bring attention to Lindner's alleged abuse, as well as to heighten awareness of clergy sex abuse and encourage other victims to come forward.
“He took my faith, they took my innocence, they took my sense of self,” Lynch said of Lindner. “He raped me, they tortured me, they violated me in every single way, and they completely changed who I was supposed to be forever.”
“I think there's an opportunity here with this media attention that I can possibly … help people seek justice,” Lynch said.
Investigators say they have strong evidence that Lynch carried out the beating. However, defense attorney Pat Harris has countered by suggesting that the priest had many victims and enemies and that any number of people could have attacked him. At least 10 people have accused Lindner of molestation, including family members.
Harris says that could allow the defense to bring the priest's other accusers as witnesses in a trial that would portray Lynch as a sympathetic victim.
Experts say that is unlikely.
“I can understand why they might believe that this might be a good method of shedding light on what happened years ago, but it's unlikely that at trial the evidence of the alleged abuse would be admitted,” said Rebecca Lonergan, a former federal and state prosecutor who now teaches law at the University of Southern California's Gould School of Law.
“The law does not allow you to go and assault somebody who did something to you 35 years ago.”
Prosecutor Vicki Gemetti with the Santa Clara County district attorney's office declined to comment on the case.
The Rev. John McGarry, provincial for the Jesuits of the California Province, said the abuse allegations against Lindner were irrelevant in the current case.
“The allegations against Rev. Lindner are well-documented and the issue the judge is dealing with now is the assault that took place on our property,” McGarry said.
In a federal lawsuit alleging negligence and vicarious liability by the Vatican, Lynch said that in May 1975 Lindner raped and tortured the brothers and forced them to have oral sex with each other while they watched during a camping trip at Portola Redwoods State Park. The suit was filed Oct. 27, two days before Lynch turned themselves into the authorities for the alleged beating.
The Los Angeles County district attorney's office investigated Lindner eight years ago for allegedly molesting their brother's children years before. But those allegations fell outside the statute of limitations, said William Hodgman, a deputy district attorney, and the probe was dropped when other possible victims refused to cooperate.
Lindner's younger sister and several nieces and nephews have accused Lindner of abuse, as have several women whose families were friendly with them when they were children. The Archdiocese of Los Angeles also settled two cases involving Lindner in its record-breaking $660 million payout in 2007.
Harris said they believe jurors will hear some of the sex allegations at Lynch's trial.
“I will tell you 100 percent we will get in the story of what happened to Will and their brother and I also believe we'll get in the evidence of abuse of others,” Harris said.
In the meantime, Harris said they have received hundreds of inquiries from clergy sex abuse victims who want to contribute to a legal defense fund, and they are working on setting up a fund and establishing a website for Lynch's case.
Debbie Lukas says they were abused by Lindner on camping trips as well as at their home over a period of eight years. They reached a confidential settlement in 2006.
Lukas, who was deposed for the Lynch brothers' 1998 civil settlement, said they would be at Lynch's trial to support him.
White House officials on Wednesday denied a report that President Donald Trump's senior adviser Kellyanne Conway has been “sidelined” from television appearances.
“False,” White House senior assistant press secretary Michael C. Short wrote in an email to TPM. “For future reference, I handle defense, homeland security, and foreign affairs – not gossip column inquiries.”
“Those accusations are completely false,” another White House official told TPM by phone.
“This is just not true,” a third White House official wrote in an email to TPM. “She has several media appearances this week and has been focused on deeply invloved (sic) with the joint session speech this week taking up a lot of their time.”
Conway told several reporters that they will appear on television Wednesday night.
.@HallieJackson says @KellyannePolls tells them this story is not true… “in fact they might be doing TV later tonight” https://t.co/QFc36vM4PN — Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) February 22, 2017
Kellyanne Conway now tells me she'll be going on Fox News tonight… https://t.co/7oThH38nxz — Dylan Byers (@DylanByers) February 22, 2017
CNN reported on Wednesday that Conway was “sidelined” from giving television interviews after making “off message” statements, according to unnamed White House sources.
Days after the President's inauguration, Conway coined the phrase “alternative facts” to defend White House press secretary Sean Spicer's inaccurate claims about crowd size at Trump's swearing-in, a flourish for which they were subsequently lampooned by a dictionary.
Over the course of just a few days earlier in February, Conway cited the “Bowling Green Massacre” to defend Trump's ban on visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries, was passed over by CNN as a result of issues with their “credibility” and sparked a firestorm by urging Fox News viewers to buy items from Ivanka Trump's clothing and accessories line.
“I'm going to give a free commercial here,” Conway said. “Go buy it today, everybody, you can find it online.”
Spicer later told reporters in their daily briefing that Conway was “counseled on that subject, and that's it.”
Later the same day, Conway nevertheless said that Trump was “100 percent” behind them amid the backlash.
Most recently, amid reports that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn lied to Vice President Mike Pence about their conversations with a Russian ambassador, Conway suggested that Trump would stand by Flynn.
“Gen. Flynn does enjoy the full confidence of the President,” they said.
Flynn resigned just hours later.
The next day, Conway insisted that it was Flynn's decision to step down. By mid-morning, however, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) told reporters that Trump asked Flynn to resign.
More and more Muslim refugees have been converting to Christianity in Europe, according to reports from churches. One of the new converts told RT: “I have been spat on, told that I've betrayed Islam, but through what I've learned I can forgive them.”
In Austria there have been at least 300 applications for adult christenings in the first three months of 2016 alone, with up to 70 percent of those said to be refugees, the Guardian reported.
At Berlin's Trinity church the congregation has recently grown from 150 to almost 700, the newspaper said.
Read more
In Hamburg more than 80 Muslim refugees from Iran and Afghanistan converted to Christianity and were baptized last week alone, German magazine Stern reported.
“I've been spat on, told that I've betrayed Islam. But through what I've learned, I can forgive them,” one man who was recently baptized a Christian told RT in Hamburg.
“Since I became a Christian I fear no one,” a young woman added.
Among the most popular reasons behind the conversion is faith in a new religion, triggered by “lack of freedom” in Islam, and gratitude to Christians offering help to refugees fleeing war-torn countries.
"I've been looking all my life for peace and happiness, but in Islam, I have not found it," Shima, an Iranian refugee, told Stern magazine. "To be a Christian means happiness to me," they added.
"In Islam, we always lived in fear. Fear God, fear of sin, fear of punishment. However, Christ is a God of love," another Iranian refugee, Solmaz, told the German daily.
On the flip side, living in a mostly Muslim community can turn out to be a real challenge for a Christian refugee.
“You can see clearly that conversions are not really taken into consideration as an advantage for accepting an asylum case. We have even seen many cases where Christians have been sent back even if they were Christians already before they came to Europe. The risk is too great for most of them to convert. Traditionally this is punished, at least expulsion from the family up to beatings and even killings against family members who convert,” geopolitical analyst and consultant Rainer Rothfuss told RT.
Read more
Opponents of Europe's open-door policy have also voiced their concerns. Many fear that migrants can take advantage of the asylum system by claiming Christianity, hoping that conversion may somehow speed up their asylum applications.
“There are some refugees that have understood that the way Islam is handled in state ideology is part of the political program of the country they have fled. And so if they then want to convert to Christianity this is very welcome of course. But there might be some refugees who learned that conversion to Christianity helps receive the status of asylum. Then of course it may be a different situation and I think all in all there should be a portion of skepticism towards this phenomenon,” Frank Hansel, member of the right-wing Alternative for Germany party, told RT.
Europe is currently facing its worst refugee crisis since World War II. Most asylum seekers arriving on the continent are from the Middle East and particularly Syria, where 250,000 people have been killed and more than 12 million displaced since a civil war began in 2011, according to UN figures.
Last year alone some 1.8 million asylum-seekers entered the European Union, fleeing war and poverty in Middle-Eastern countries, according to data from the European Union border agency Frontex. Around 1.1 million refugees came to Germany in 2015.
Lucy Hill is in intensive care in Thailand after a serious moped crash Credit: Lucy Hill/Facebook
The family of a woman involved in a serious moped crash in Thailand have made an urgent appeal for people with the same rare blood type as them to come forward. Lucy Hill, 21, was just one week into their gap year after graduating from Leeds Beckett University when their moped was hit by a car on Saturday morning at around 7.30am local time. They were rushed to hospital for treatment to a bleed on their brain and had emergency surgery to insert titanium plates to their broken hip.
The P.E. graduate is in urgent need of type A Negative blood Credit: Lucy Hill/Facebook
Lucy's mother, Alison, has flown to Thailand to be at their bedside, along with travelling companion, Lauren Hall. Lucy is currently fighting for their life, and is anemic after losing blood during surgery. However, their 'A Negative' blood type is rare among people of Asian origin, and an international appeal has been issued to find donors in the country. Writing on Facebook, their friend Lauren said:
Negative blood is rare in Thailand and sourcing the blood is difficult. If anyone is around and is A Negative blood type please can you contact myself on Facebook, call me on +61 484346507 or head to Maharaja Nakorn Chiang Mai Hospital and say it is to be donated to Lucy Anne Hill at Rajavej Hospital. I understand it is your holiday but this is my friend. It doesn't take long and it will do a great thing. – Lauren Hall, Facebook
Doctors say less than one percent of the Thai population have the same blood type as Lucy, so their family and friends are pleading for ex-pats and those travelling in the country to come forward and donate.
Lucy was just one week in to their travels when the accident happened Credit: Lucy Hill/Facebook
Originally from Bury, Lucy was planning on continuing their studies and training to become a teacher when they returned from their travels. Them family are receiving assistance from the British Consul in Thailand. Speaking to ITV News, their father, Phil said they are struggling to come to terms with the news:
She's in a bit of a mess. You could say it's quite serious. We're still trying to find out information so my wife has flown out to be with them and speak to their doctors and find out anything they can. We just want to make sure Lucy's alright and then get their home safely. – Phil Hill, Lucy's father
CHICAGO—Following a turbulent first term in office and one of the tightest and most-hard-fought presidential campaigns in recent history, a wholly and utterly defeated man emerged victorious Tuesday, winning reelection with 332 electoral votes.
The shell of a man, who won 26 states and lost all hope in the American people, was able to secure victory with 50.6 percent of the popular vote, narrowly holding off a spirited challenge from Republican candidate Mitt Romney. Shortly after 11:00 p.m. Eastern time, upon prevailing in the key battleground state of Ohio, major media outlets declared the thoroughly beaten man's victory.
Advertisement
An hour later, the triumphant defeated man took the stage in Chicago's McCormick Place convention center to the cheers of more than 10,000 supporters.
“It is at once a tremendous honor and profoundly humbling to stand again before my fellow citizens, having earned your trust for a second term,” said the crushed victor, who successfully carried the crucial swing states of Florida, Virginia, Colorado, Iowa, and Wisconsin and sadly forfeited whatever remaining shred of enthusiasm and passion once drove him. “But tonight is not my victory alone—it is also yours. It is a victory for hardworking folks who believe that millionaires should be held to the same rules they are, for students with dreams of college and a brighter future, and for the sick and uninsured who will finally receive the medical care they need.”
“Tonight is a victory for all those who recognize that the truest path to prosperity is through opportunity for all,” the utterly lost winner added.
Advertisement
The successful candidate, whose mental and spiritual reserves were wiped out in a landslide, thanked their supporters for helping them secure a clear win that roundly trounced their overall sense of optimism and hope.
The broken and shattered man also called on the nation to mend its rifts and urged fellow citizens to “never tire in [their] pursuit of progress.”
“While we celebrate tonight, we know that the challenges that lie ahead of us are even greater than the ones that lie behind,” the victorious man who just spent the past four years of their life being utterly beaten into submission said. “But the virtues instilled by our founders—strength, determination, and moral conviction—still run strong in America today.”
Advertisement
The defeated man's three percentage point victory marked a strong rebound for their campaign, which saw a five-point lead in the national polls erased following a poor performance in the first presidential debate in early October. Over the ensuing weeks, however, the beleaguered husk of a person managed to revive their campaign, something they were unable to do with their will, motivation, or spirit.
According to aides, the disheartened individual received a phone call from their Republican challenger this evening, in which the former Massachusetts governor is said to have graciously congratulated the beaten man on their victory.
“My fellow Americans, together we can build a nation that our children and grandchildren will be proud to inherit,” the victorious failure continued. “So when they ask us if we stood up and seized the moment—if we left this great nation even stronger and more just than we found it—we can look them proudly in the eye and say, ‘Yes, we did.'”
Advertisement
The defeated man will begin their second term on Jan. 20, 2013, when they will again be triumphantly sworn in as president of a defeated nation.
You may have read about the quirky coincidences between the presidencies of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy.
(If not, go here)
While they are steeped in a bit of strange synchronicity, they are often considered happenstance, although some think it's eerie.
In the world of sports, there are several parallels between teams that have that same weird dichotomy. We wouldn't have cliché sayings like, “History repeats itself” if these concurrences didn't exist.
So, what if I told you the 2010 Flyers and the 2014 Flyers have a lot of that same concomitance?
I know, I know. This is a cheap attempt to get you thinking that maybe, if the stars align properly again as they did four years ago then this Flyers team can make the same dramatic run to the Finals.
While that sounds nice, it isn't the intention (even if it's mentioned on our infographic),
It was just something we decided to research after Flyers Chairman Ed Snider's comments on the Olympics last week when, after saying they hate the Olympic break in the NHL one reporter reminded them that they went to the Stanley Cup Finals the last time there were an Olympics and Snider joked that maybe they actually do like them then.
When we went back to look, we were a bit surprised by what we found.
Sure, the teams started off a bit differently. We all know how painful the start to this season was, with seven losses in the first eight games. Well, those Flyers were 5-2-1 in their first eight games, so there was no symmetry there.
But there were these points:
1.Both teams had a coaching change in-season. The 2009-10 Flyers replaced John Stevens with Peter Laviolette. They were 13-11-1 at the time. This season, the Flyers replaced Laviolette with Craig Berube. They were 0-3-0 at the time, however, after 25 games, they were 11-12-2, only three points off.
Not coincidental enough for you? Then try this on for size:
2.Both teams hit the Olympic break with similar records. In 2010 the Flyers were 32-25-3 for 67 points in 60 games, the current Flyers are 30-23-6 for 66 points in 59 games. Oh, and both were on a four-game winning streak when the break hit.
Hmmmm. Let's look at it a step further.
3.At the Olympic break, the Flyers leading scorers among forwards this season are Claude Giroux (57 points), Wayne Simmonds (42 points), Jake Voracek (40 points) and Scott Hartnell (37 points). In 2010 it was Jeff Carter (52 points, five fewer than Giroux), Mike Richards (46 points, four more than Simmonds, Danny Briere (40 points, same as Voracek) and Scott Hartnell (35 points, two fewer than they have this year.) All told the point comparison is 173 in 2010, 176 in 2014. Pretty close, eh?
“Yeah, but what about goaltending,” you may say. “The Flyers had a carousel of goalies in 2010, they have been riding Steve Mason this year, with the occasional break from Ray Emery.”
And you would be right… except, if you really want to look at it deeply:
4.Michael Leighton ended up being the guy who was recognized as the No. 1 goalie in 2009-10 for the Flyers (even though Brian Boucher appeared in six more games), albeit at a smaller sample size than Mason has already provided. However, if you look at those overall numbers for Leighton, and assume Mason stays about the same, it's actually frighteningly close – Mason: 23-14-5, 2.49 goals against average, .918 save percentage; Leighton: 16-6-0, 2.48 GAA, .918 save percentage.
The one thing these Flyers need to hope though is that the regular season accordance ends there. Because those Flyers in 2010 went a lukewarm 9-10-3 down the stretch and sneaked into the playoffs in a shootout on the final day of the season.
If this season's Flyers go were to match that (actually, with one more game, say 9-10-4), they'd finish 39-33-10 for 88 points, which would be the same number of points as 2009-10, but likely won't be enough to get in the playoffs this year (anything is possible, but the target number appears to be 92 points).
No matter what happens the rest of the way though, the Flyers should hope that if they do return to the postseason this spring that the parallelism resumes – and that run to the Finals can come with it.
To contact Anthony SanFilippo, email asanfilippo@comcast-spectacor.com or follow them on Twitter @InsideTheFlyers
By By Kevin Jess Mar 24, 2011 in World A recent study conducted by a group of mathematicians using census data suggests that organized religion is heading for extinction in nine western democracies. Richard Wiener, one of the authors of the Lead author Daniel Abrams told CNN no predictions were made for the United States as their census does not ask about religious affiliation, therefore no data was available. Abrams said to CNN, "If you look at the data, 'unaffiliated' is the fastest-growing group in those countries. People are more likely to switch to groups with more members." Abrams pointed to social networks as a powerful driving force toward this change. They say, "Just a few connections to people who are (religiously) unaffiliated is enough to drive the effect." The study shows that even Ireland which is predominately Catholic will see its religion die. Abrams said, "They've (Ireland) gone from 0.04% unaffiliated in 1961 to 4.2% in 2006, our most recent data point." Barry Kosmin, a demographer of religion at Trinity College in Connecticut is not convinced of the outcome of the study. Mr. Kosmin told CNN, "Religion relies on human beings. They aren't rational or predictable according to the laws of physics. Religious fervor waxes and wanes in unpredictable ways." Another study conducted in Britain recently suggests that two-thirds of Britons consider themselves to not be religious, reports The study is the result of census data dating as far back as a century from countries whose census asks respondents about their religious affiliation, namely, Australia, Austria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Switzerland.Richard Wiener, one of the authors of the study , of the Research Corporation for Science Advancement, and the University of Arizona told BBC News , "The idea is pretty simple. It posits that social groups that have more members are going to be more attractive to join, and it posits that social groups have a social status or utility. For example in languages, there can be greater utility or status in speaking Spanish instead of [the dying language] Quechuan in Peru, and similarly there's some kind of status or utility in being a member of a religion or not. In a large number of modern secular democracies, there's been a trend that folk are identifying themselves as non-affiliated with religion; in the Netherlands the number was 40%, and the highest we saw was in the Czech Republic, where the number was 60%."Lead author Daniel Abrams told CNN no predictions were made for the United States as their census does not ask about religious affiliation, therefore no data was available.Abrams said to CNN, "If you look at the data, 'unaffiliated' is the fastest-growing group in those countries. People are more likely to switch to groups with more members."Abrams pointed to social networks as a powerful driving force toward this change. They say, "Just a few connections to people who are (religiously) unaffiliated is enough to drive the effect."The study shows that even Ireland which is predominately Catholic will see its religion die.Abrams said, "They've (Ireland) gone from 0.04% unaffiliated in 1961 to 4.2% in 2006, our most recent data point."Barry Kosmin, a demographer of religion at Trinity College in Connecticut is not convinced of the outcome of the study.Mr. Kosmin told CNN, "Religion relies on human beings. They aren't rational or predictable according to the laws of physics. Religious fervor waxes and wanes in unpredictable ways."Another study conducted in Britain recently suggests that two-thirds of Britons consider themselves to not be religious, reports BBC News More about Religion, religious affiliation, Harlot, Census, Extinction More news from Show all 9 Religion religious affiliatio... Harlot Census Extinction
Tim Sherwood: Cutting their managerial teeth at Tottenham
With Spurs having looked in-house for a successor to the ousted Andre Villas-Boas, Sherwood stepped up from a coaching role and into an 18-month contract.
The deal is due to run until the end of the 2014/15 campaign, by which time they will hope to have shown that they have a bright future in Premier League management.
Kaboul is convinced that Sherwood is the right man for the job, having overseen seven wins, two draws and just one defeat in their 10 games so far to keep Spurs in contention for a top-four finish.
The French defender told the Evening Standard: "He deserves it. They know the club very well, he's been here for a long time and they know exactly what he's doing.
"He learned a lot in the past and the best fact is that they played football at a high level. They won the title with Blackburn in 1995, so they have plenty of experience. Their playing career is important because they know what it's like for us.
"We don't waste time on other stuff because they went through everything and they understand. They know the game perfectly.
"I remember that when Harry Redknapp was manager, Tim and Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey would come to nearly every game.
"Wherever we were playing, it didn't matter, they would be there. They would talk to us about how to deal better with certain situations on the pitch, and even then I could see Tim becoming a manager.
"He just had to be patient and wait for their chance."
Kaboul has also had to be patient this season, following a lengthy spell on the sidelines with a knee complaint, but they are back in contention now and setting their sights on closing the three-point gap which separates Spurs from the UEFA Champions League places.
In the wake of a 4-0 mauling of Newcastle United on Wednesday, they added: "Everyone did a great job at Newcastle but to be up there, we need more again.
"We need to be hungry for victory in every game and do the extra two yards for each other. That's the only way we're going to be able to play in the Champions League next season."
Stop and think for a minute. Do you remember where you were when “So Cool” became Sistar‘s first number one single? How about when Girls' Generation brought “The Boys” back from Japan? Or when Psy uploaded the video to “Gangnam Style?” You probably have no idea. But if there exists one sure thing in this world, it's that in each of those moments, sitting comfortably in the middle reaches of Korea's music charts was a song called “Hands Of The Clock” by a man named Shinyoo. This marks the record's 100th week on Billboard's K-pop Hot 100 chart, logged at a respectable #26. Peaking previously at #23 and almost never falling out of the top 50, “Hands Of The Clock” is by far the longest-running song on the chart, making Shinyoo into some kind of unstoppable, mysterious musical force.
If you're a music chart geek, a 100-week run is nothing short of a milestone. In comparison, Jason Mraz spent a record-breaking 76 weeks on the U.S. Hot 100 chart with “I'm Yours,” but that track's humongous crossover appeal and the radio-centric nature of the U.S. music industry made Mraz's feat much easier. By contrast, in Korea the competitive, idol-focused industry and consumers' preference for streams and downloads means that hit songs rarely hold on for more than two months, let alone two years. Yet somehow “Hands Of The Clock” has been running off the same stock live act since 2008, outlasting every single song it's ever shared chart space with.
Hopefully you did a double-take at that date. As far as I can find, “Hands Of The Clock” is even older than 100 weeks, with live performance videos dating back to 2008, a full three years before the K-pop Hot 100 ever existed. That means that when “Hands Of The Clock” entered the inaugural chart on September 3, 2011, Shinyoo may have already been enjoying mild popularity well before the new decade. However despite the song's incredible longevity, there's almost no English-language information about Shinyoo or “Hands Of The Clock” on the web. I can't figure out their age, their fan page is humbly un-hip, and the scant English-language references to Shinyoo consist primarily of humorous shout-outs to their enduring presence and K-pop chart rundowns that never seem to acknowledge that he's there.
Of course, Shinyoo is always there, and “Hands Of The Clock” is always on time. A whimsical, peachy treasure of a trot song, “Hands Of The Clock” has almost nothing in common with today's K-pop. The record practically floats along, with its breezy, oh-so-Korean string section and cordial percussion in a winning marriage with Shinyoo's hammy vocals. A seasoned pro, he's still delivering pitch-perfect performances of the track well into 2013. When Shinyoo takes the stage, it's always the same spectacle: there's their smile, pinned up like a hammock between their waxy cheeks, on their back sits a newly pressed suit, their dancers sway from side to side, and on a good night, the backing display consists of moving clock hands. Despite the historical age of their chosen genre, Shinyoo is dapper and full of life — they sell the timelessness of their music so well, you'd have to wonder if he's ever held a smartphone. While I myself appreciate the song in equal parts for its melody and novelty, elderly Korean crowds have sung along with Shinyoo and waved Shinyoo paraphernalia around at their shows for years. The guy has a following, and there's more than enough video evidence to show for it.
In fact, if you watch enough performances of “Hands Of The Clock” you'll start to realize that the youth culture K-pop represents and plays to is not the only music market in Korea. Older generations of South Koreans — whether they're nearing retirement or are in their sunset years — still love to listen to trot music. Dana's piece on trot last year said it perfectly: “Trot music lyrically and musically has expressed and continues to express the heart of the Korean people throughout history, and it is perhaps for this reason above all others that Koreans have chosen trot music time and time again.” No song proves that like “Hands Of The Clock.”
Around 25% of South Koreans are what many of us would consider “old” at age 50 or above, meaning they didn't grow up listening to Big Bang, Fin.K.L or even Seo Taiji and Boys; their musical preferences are for the most part cemented firmly in trot and American-style classic pop. With limited crossover appeal, trot rarely musters enough sales to debut at the top of the charts, and the older demographic that adores the genre relies less on relentless release cycles and more on word of mouth. When you consider that “Hands Of The Clock” is built perfectly for karaoke, that becomes true in more ways than one.
The words themselves (well, Google Translate's strange words) seem to reference past pleasures and distant decades. Singing of drinking, dancing, love, forgotten friendship and the unavoidable passage of time, Shinyoo evinces a kind of massive nostalgia that even young people like myself can feel, if only fleetingly. It's no wonder then that every time the camera cuts to Shinyoo's audience of grandmas and grandpas, they all have grins as big as his. In contrast to many frenzied idol fans, their wide-eyed appreciation seems well-deserved. We can hardly remember what we were doing when “So Cool” came out, but I bet much of Shinyoo's audience remembers how they heard of Park Chung-hee's assassination, where they watched the 1984 Seoul Summer Olympics at, or the first time they ever put their vote into a ballot box. They hear something incredible in “Hands Of The Clock” that few of us can, or probably ever will understand.
So know that while we're head over heels about our favorite idol's newest triple all-kill megasmash comeback, in a modest-sized Seoul concert hall is Shinyoo, serenading that idols' grandparents with bittersweet music from their youth. He'll be around for years and years, providing steady employment to backup dancers and trumpet players, waiting for the slow tick of the clock to gradually whittle their audience away. Savor this modern trot masterpiece while you can. Somewhere down the line, there won't be a lot of music like this.
Then again, what's five — or fifteen — more years to a guy like Shinyoo?
(Billboard, YouTube [1] [2] [3], Shin Yu Love, CIA World Factbook, Nate)
In an exclusive report, Kitco has just released yet another stunner in the world of precious metals. It turns out that Eric Sprott has attempted to purchase gold from the IMF, according to information provided to Kitco by Frank Holmes, CEO of US Global Investors. "I just spoke with Eric Sprott, who bid to buy [the IMF's remaining gold on the block] and they refuse to sell it." As Kitco points out, "the IMF might be holding out for a bigger buyer or a central bank or for higher prices. But Holmes argues the IMF's rejection of Sprott's bid means markets are being manipulated." Back to Holmes: "I think there is a lot of manipulation done by governments around the world in the currency markets which affect the bond markets so to me it's just normal course." Holmes concludes "with an election year there may be a gold rally that could be two standard deviations, or $300 dollars, to the upside. So you could see gold run to $1300 to $1500 quite easily." This all is occurring as ever more pundits finally realize that as fiats are discredited across the world, the only safe, non-dilutable resource is gold.
Link to Kitco clip (select clip titled IMF Reject Buyers):
After bouncing back up to the Premier League at the first time of asking, Newcastle United are back where they belong. With the Spanish master of their craft, Rafa Benítez, at the helm, their next job is to stay there long enough to build a platform which will then allow them to compete in the top half of the table and begin to threaten the European places.
With a manager such as Benítez on board, it wouldn't seem out of place if Newcastle were to be involved in European competition sooner rather than later, but first they need to gather all the component parts to create a side which will be competitive in the division and, above all, avoid a return to the Championship.
Last season four players made over 40 appearances in the 46-game Championship season, and several reliable names and key players were able to consistently turn out for the side during this second division slog.
Left back Paul Dummett only missed one game and that was through suspension, while midfielder Jonjo Shelvey, centre back Jamaal Lascelles, and wide midfielder Matt Ritchie also broke the 40 game barrier.
A further eight players made over 30 appearances, and even if some of those were as regular substitutes, as was the case with Ayoze Pérez and the then Chelsea loanee Christian Atsu, it provided a solid base for the club to win the league and be promoted without having to go through the rigmarole and uncertainty of the play-offs.
It's easy to pick the same players when winning, but back in the Premier League the club will face bigger obstacles and more difficult opponents at both ends of the spectrum, and Benítez's squad building skills will have to stand the most rigorous of tests.
So far this summer the club have bought well if not spectacularly. Atsu's loan deal was made permanent after they paid Chelsea around £6 million for the Ghanaian attacker, meaning another part of last season's success remained on their books. The 25-year old managed five goals and three assists in a mixture of starts and sub appearances, giving them 0.46 goal contributions per 90 minutes.
To bolster their defence Benítez plumped for French centre back Florian Lejeune for a fee approaching £9 million. In a market where good defenders are priced at a premium, Newcastle will hope to have found a bargain in the 26-year-old who plays primarily on the left of defence but can operate on either side, providing a reliable partner for either Lascelles or Ciaran Clark.
At £12 million 22-year-old winger Jacob Murphy has been the most expensive acquisition so far, and the player who impressed for England under-21s in this summer's European Championships will look to challenge Atsu and Matt Ritchie for a place, preferably on the right, in the attacking midfield three.
Right full back Javier Manquillo took the risky trip across the North East from Sunderland after spending the last season on loan at Wearside from Atlético Madrid.
The defensive full back finally finds a permanent home after spending three years out on loan from the Spanish club, which included a stint at Benítez's former club, Liverpool.
The next piece of this meticulously assembled puzzle has arrived in the form of midfield play-maker Mikel Merino, who joins the Magpies on loan from Borussia Dortmund after struggling to get in the side at The Westfalenstadion.
It's no secret that the manager is still looking for a striker, and if this central attacking player is to be the final addition to the club this summer, then it's likely to be a significant one.
The team is shaping up to accommodate the 4-2-3-1 / 4-4-1-1 often favoured by Benítez, and the former Champions League, Europa League, and La Liga winner can change their overall game plan around these two shapes, depending on the style of the opposition.
Their side averaged 53% possession in games last season, and will regularly favour a more direct, counter-attacking approach should the game call for it. In their game at fellow Premier League newcomers Huddersfield last season, Newcastle only had 24% of the possession but still managed to win the game 3-1 thanks to their ability to soak up pressure and attack well when the opportunity arose.
This tactic may come in handy against the likes of Arséne Wenger, Pep Guardiola and Jürgen Klopp, as well as David Wagner, in the coming season.
Building a Premier League quality side after coming up from the Championship is a big test, but it's one Benítez will relish. The signings which have already arrived make perfect sense, and a couple more before the end of the transfer window will see Newcastle right as they target big things under their big name manager.
Florida man fights off shark
"He circled me...I had to poke them a few times. They wouldn't go away and then I finally jabbed them hard enough to where they left me long enough i could get to the surface and get out of there."
Jim Roseman was diving off Florida's east coast when they ran into what looks like a great white shark. Luckily they had a GoPro and their speargun. Around 2:20 they really has to give it a shove.
Get certified online in machine learning and data science As big companies wrangle an ever-increasing amount of data, the applications for deep learning grow – and so do the job opportunities. If you've got a working knowledge of Python, all you need are the tools to start making data work for you. Get up to speed on the science and code behind the field […] READ THE REST
Listen to vinyl anywhere with this extremely portable record player Anyone who really listens to vinyl knows the medium is far from dead. But convincing others of its appeal can be an uphill battle. For one thing, there's the gear: A quality record player takes up a lot more space than, say, a smartphone packed with thousands of streaming songs at the ready. But here's […] READ THE REST
by
We are no longer a nation of self-governing people. Our democracy has been captured by American corporate enterprise, and now we confront a documented plutocracy in its place. If we intend to challenge this and contest it, we will need a President Sanders in the White House.
Only candidate Sanders has fashioned a presidential campaign around this crisis which, for thoughtful citizens, is by far the most pressing issue in contemporary public affairs. (Note the record breaking attendance at Sanders' rallies.) They alone are speaking truth to power regarding it. Hillary Clinton and the Republican candidates are either indifferent to the issue or ignorant of it, so none of their prospective presidencies can be expected to address it.
Corporatocracy is the power to which Mr. Sanders is speaking. It is defined in the New Oxford American Dictionary as “a society…that is governed or controlled by corporations.” In such a society public policy is crafted not to advance the general well being of the people, but to protect, enhance, or create profit opportunities for hegemonic corporations.
This is America today: our democracy has been supplanted, transformed by the engines of corporate lobbying and the influence of corporate campaign contributions.
The source of the calamity is a Supreme Court case in 1886, the infamous Santa Clara County decision. It declared corporations to be legal persons—bona fide U.S. citizens with rights fully protected by the Constitution. (The precedent established by the case is technically illegal, but it has endured nevertheless.) Corporate lobbying, consequently, is an exercise of the right to petition. And the right of free speech legalizes corporate campaign contributions, because spending money is a form of speaking—which the Court affirmed most recently in Citizens United.
A document as a person and a dollar as a word are absurd equivalents, prima facie, but both are the law of the land.
Here is the truth Mr. Sanders is speaking. Except for a privileged few, the wealth and incomes of American families are systematically declining as matters of public policy, arguably for the first time in our history. Economic security is fading for nearly all of us. Standards of living are slipping.
The privileged few are the beneficiaries of corporatocracy: corporate executives and directors, major stockholders, Wall Street bankers and brokers, top-tier Washington lobbyists, holders of inherited wealth, etc. De facto plutocrats, these are the country's richest families whose wealth and incomes, in vivid contrast, are steadily rising.
There is no doubt about this: the data supporting it is conclusive. And there is no foreseeable reversal of either trend; left unaltered they point eventually, unerringly to a polarized society of dizzying luxury and crushing squalor—a Hunger Games scenario. Some may call this hyperbole and and others may find comfort in ignoring it, but folk wisdom is unyielding here: if somethin' don't change, we're gonna git where we're headed. So something must change. A chaotic, intolerable social structure is a frightening prospect, and violence is not unthinkable: there are sobering historical precedents of angry citizens taking to the streets.
The maldistribution of wealth and incomes we suffer could not occur in a functioning democracy: self-governing people would never impoverish the many to enrich the few.
No, corporatocracy is directly and exclusively responsible here. Corporocratic governance relentlessly promotes public policies favoring corporate interests over the public good—and just as relentlessly stifles policies that might do otherwise.
We could have but we do not, for example, a national industrial policy prohibiting or restricting the export of American jobs—a policy clearly in the public interest. In its absence, American corporations over the past several decades profited immensely from labor arbitrage: shifting high paying manufacturing and white-collar professional jobs to lower-wage countries. From 1992 through 2010, some 28.7 million such jobs were exported and millions more have been since. If alternate employment could be found at all, it was typically in the lower-paid service sector. This is the greatest single cause of declining family incomes, but many other factors contribute, such as the corporocratic savaging of labor unions.
Repealing the Glass-Steagall Act during the Clinton Administration is an iconic example of enacting public policies for direct corporate benefit—even at great cost to the public. Wall Street banks, brokerages, and insurance companies sought the repeal, they were quickly accommodated, and they profited extravagantly—until the housing bubble they created collapsed, threatening their bankruptcy. Whereupon corporatocracy fashioned a bailout for them, with trillions of dollars of taxpayers' money. The stock market and the general economy crashed, driving mortgages underwater, decimating 401K's, and forcing many who lost their jobs to liquidate their savings. The decline in family wealth was a direct consequence.
These intertwined issues, the bleak future for American families and the displacement of American democracy, form the core of Mr. Sanders' campaign. “Enough is enough!” they insist, proposing a political revolution to address them.
Nothing less than revolution will challenge the corporate dominance of our politics and regain our working democracy once more. Among all the presidential candidates Mr. Sanders alone can undertake the task. Hillary Clinton's handicap is their decades of comfortable experience immersed in the corporatocracy, working its levers, and the substantial corporate financing of their campaigns. They sense no need for the recapture of democracy. If elected, their presidency will offer little more than triangulated tweaking of peripheral issues, to stay within the corporocratic comfort zone. The diverging social trends would continue and so would the potential for violence.
The Republicans' handicap is their ideology. In denying any value of any sort in any public enterprise (except the Department of Defense), they have furthered corporatocracy's stranglehold at every turn. A Republican presidency would render our situation unthinkably worse, almost guaranteeing violence.
Will a President Sanders, can a President Sanders retrieve American democracy during their tenure? No, this will take decades, maybe a generation or more. It will require a return to sanity respecting the status and role of the corporation: finally and totally rejecting the absurdity of legal corporate personhood, ultimately by Constitutional amendment or by overturning Santa Clara County.
Corporations fundamentally are commercial organizations providing goods and services to the marketplace, which they typically do efficiently and well. But there is utterly no reason to have corporations involved in crafting public policy, much less to control the process. Absent legal personhood, they can be prohibited from doing so. And they must be: no corporate lobbying, no corporate campaign contributions, only American people—real, live, sentient ones—deciding what's right and good for the American people.
Regaining our democracy will call for a fight as ugly as anything since the Civil War— hopefully without the bloodshed. Corporatocracy and its wealthy and powerful beneficiaries will not yield quickly or easily.
Mr. Sanders may not live to see the revolution successfully completed. But a President Sanders can and will undertake it, injecting a new set of aspirations and expectations into the public discourse, and setting a trajectory of substantive reform. They will unleash a new narrative, a revolution in awareness and creative thought about the nature of American politics and what it might become once more.
A revolution is on our radar screen. It will be peaceful and gradual or violent and abrupt.
Only by consciously choosing the first of these can we confidently preclude the other.
President Trump on Friday sought to diminish the importance of the campaign foreign policy meeting where former adviser George Papadopoulos tried to broker connections between Russians and the Trump campaign, with the president claiming that they did not remember what was said.
The meeting, which took place in Washington on March 31, 2016, included a team of foreign policy advisers as well as Trump and then-Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who is now the attorney general. The session has become a key focus of special counsel Robert S. Mueller III's wide-ranging investigation of Russia's interference in the election and possible coordination with the Trump campaign.
Mueller's office revealed this week in court documents that Papadopoulos pleaded guilty on Oct. 5 to lying to the FBI about trying to meet with Russians offering “dirt” on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton based on stolen Democratic emails.
Trump, who recently boasted of having “one of the great memories of all time,” told reporters Friday morning as they departed the White House for their 12-day trip to Asia, “I don't remember much about that meeting.”
“It was a very unimportant meeting,” Trump said. “It took place a long time ago. Don't remember much about it.”
In the meeting, according to court documents, Papadopoulos touted their connections to Russia in front of Trump and Sessions and offered to arrange a meeting between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
J.D. Gordon, a Trump adviser who attended the meeting, recalled in an interview with The Washington Post that after Papadopoulos said they could introduce Trump to Putin, Sessions “shut them down.”
“It was a bad idea and the senator didn't want people to speak about it again,” Gordon said.
The meeting is a growing complication for Sessions, who is now under pressure from Senate Democrats to explain why they did not disclose details about it previously, considering they were asked multiple times under oath on Capitol Hill whether they or anyone on the campaign ever discussed meeting with Russians.
[Democrats demand that Sessions explain their meeting with Papadopoulos]
In February, a few weeks after being sworn in as president, Trump was asked at a news conference whether anybody who advised their campaign had any contacts with Russia. The president responded, “No. Nobody that I know of.”
Trump and their aides have sought to diminish Papadopoulos's standing on the campaign. Trump cited them as a foreign policy adviser in March, during a meeting with The Post's editorial board. But he, as well as White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, have said this week that Papadopoulos played an insignificant role on the campaign.
Trump tweeted Tuesday, “Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George.”
Shadowverse (SV) plays very similar to Hearthstone (HS), allowing HS veterans a smooth transition. Much like Hearthstone, there are different classes with class specific cards. Aside from the standard combination of playable creatures and spells, Shadowverse has a third kind of card, amulets. Amulets act a bit like spells sometimes, and often have persisting effects so long as they are on the battlefield; however, they cannot be attacked. In addition to amulets, Shadowverse also has the unique mechanic “Evolution.” Evolution typically gives a creature +2/2 and the ability to attack other enemy creatures on the turn it's played, but is usually limited to at most 3 times per game. Some cards have additional evolution effects, which contributes to the game's strategic depth.
Each class, or Craft, also has unique and distinct mechanics. For example, the Swordcraft card has a focus on tribal synergy with officers and commanders, while Dragoncraft has cards that allow players to ramp out more expensive followers earlier.
Currently there are two formats of play: standard and Take Two (Arena). Standard consists of making a deck of 40 class and neutral cards for use in casual, ranked, or PvE matches, with up to three copies of a particular card, including legendaries. Take Two players draft a deck of 30 random cards, with a choice between two groups of two cards per pick.
One notable aspect of Shadowverse is the developers' express goal of reducing the role of RNG in the game. Although there are still cards with random effects, on the whole the implementation is consistent enough (i.e. destroy a random enemy effects) to ensure that strategy is the prevalent win condition.
2017-10-13 Pre-order packages of Escape from Tarkov will be improved
BATTLESTATE GAMES LIMITED reported on upcoming update of pre-order packages that will be released with the nearest patch. Starting equipment and stash resources will be improved, pre-order packages description will become more detailed, but its price will remain the same. The stash size will grow on 30 slots for every pre-order version as well.
Thus, players are guaranteed to get this new stuff:
in Standard Edition:
+100000 roubles
AKS74U + 2 magazines
in Left Behind Edition - all new added stuff to Standard Edition and:
АК74N + 2 magazines
first aid kit Salewa
grenade RGD5
additional backpack (MBSS - 4x4 slots)
in Prepare for Escape Edition - all new added stuff to Left Behind Edition and Standard Edition and:
SMG Vityaz or HK MP5 + 2 magazines (depending on selected faction)
1000 dollars
Kiver helmet
reflex sight Pilad
first aid kit IFAK
handguard to АК74 M1-B Ultimak
in Edge of Darkness Limited Edition - all new added stuff to the previous packages and:
3000 dollars
first aid kit Grizzly
Alpha tactical rig
additional large field backpack TriZip
injector with morphine х2
sniper rifle SV98 + 1 magazine
hybrid silencer Silencerco Hybrid 46
adaptor hybrid silencer Silencerco Hybrid 46
pistol case
body armor 6B43 6A
submachine gun MPX + 2 magazines
handguard M4 LVOA-S
The next important stage in the project development will start with the Open Beta, which is scheduled for launch at the end of 2017. By that time, the game will be expanded with new game mechanics and improvements of existing ones, even more optimizations of graphics and network components, as well as additional game content, including new weapons and locations.
Learn more about the project testing plans and the estimated completion time frame, and pre-order on the official website of the project https://www.escapefromtarkov.com/preorder-page.
By following the official Twitter of the game, you will get the current announcements about in-game events and scheduled maintenance works https://twitter.com/bstategames.
Discuss the news on the forum.
We ask that any groups wishing to assemble in prayer or in protest do so only during daylight hours in an organized and respectful manner. We further ask that all those wishing to demonstrate or assemble to disperse well before the evening hours to ensure the safety of the participants and the safety of our community. Unfortunately, those who wish to co-opt peaceful protests and turn them into violent demonstrations have been able to do so over the past several days during the evening hours. These events are not indicative of the City of Ferguson and its residents.
The City of Ferguson has been through tough situations in the past, albeit nothing to this magnitude, but will continue to display resilience and fortitude. They Mayor and City Council are committed to taking the necessary steps to rebuild and strengthen our community. We look forward to your cooperation and support.
Syria v Socceroos: Australia needs Sydney result to progress after 1-1 World Cup play-off draw in Malaysia
Updated
Australia has missed a chance to take a decisive advantage into the home leg of its World Cup qualification play-off against Syria, succumbing to a late equaliser in a tough first leg in Malaysia.
Minutes from a hard-fought victory, the Socceroos fell foul of a contentious penalty decision when Mat Leckie contested a high cross with Syrian striker Omar Al Soma.
Though Leckie used no hands to boost their jump and won a clean header, the referee awarded a penalty for a nudge in the back of the lanky striker — Al Soma stepped up and ruthlessly slotted the penalty.
It was a bitter pill to swallow for Australia, who led 1-0 from Robbie Kruse's first-half opener and perhaps should have put the game to bed before the penalty decision.
The goal came after Leckie themselves drove to the byline and drove a shot at goal, but the strike needed the toe of an opportunistic Kruse to divert it into the back of the net.
The Socceroos controlled all of the first half and looked to settle the game after the break, most notably when Tomi Juric hit two consecutive shots against the same post to no avail.
But as Australia's chances slipped away, Syria gained confidence and began raiding the Socceroos' goalmouth.
Al Soma very nearly scored from a headed effort that struck Ryan's face en route to the post, one of many near misses for Syria in the second half.
There was time for one last Australian chance, but Trent Sainsbury's goal-bound header was incredibly saved by Syrian keeper Ibrahim Almeh.
Once again, Australia's frustration comes from not making the most of its spells of dominance and allowing the opposition an avenue back into the game — despite Aaron Mooy's midfield dominance, none of their forward team-mates were able to make the most of their brilliant passing.
Syria's incredible story stays alive at least for one more game, but to break Australia's unbeaten run in Sydney would require some sort of fairytale.
Topics: socceroos, soccer-world-cup, soccer, sport, malaysia, syrian-arab-republic, australia
First posted
The NFL Insiders crew reacts to Lions WR Calvin Johnson releasing a statement saying that they are evaluating their options for the future. (1:55)
Detroit Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson is contemplating retirement, and a source told ESPN's Ed Werder that Johnson warned their mother a few days ago they aren't sure if he'll continue to play.
Johnson, who is 30 and just completed their ninth NFL season, released a statement Wednesday through the Lions saying they are "evaluating options for my future."
"I would expect to have a decision regarding this matter in the not-too-distant future," Johnson said.
Editor's Picks Rothstein: 5 reasons Johnson ponders retiring Calvin Johnson often has stressed how important winning is for them and how they want to win with the Lions, but their lack of success is one of the reasons Michael Rothstein lists for why Johnson is considering retirement.
Rothstein: Megatron may follow Sanders' exit If Calvin Johnson's announcement Wednesday that they are contemplating retirement feels like déjà vu for the Lions, it should. Depending on what Johnson decides, this could turn into Barry Sanders, Part II, Michael Rothstein writes. 1 Related
A source told Werder the question for Johnson is, "Do I want to play football?"
"I think that's the whole thing," the source said. "I think Calvin [is] that kind of guy if I don't feel I'm into this 100 percent, then I need to think about if I want to be in it at all.
"This time of year, you could probably ask a lot of players that question, and their bodies would tell them they wouldn't want to play. I think he's tired. Their body probably aches, and probably all of them do."
Johnson has dealt with multiple injuries the past few seasons. They hurt their ankle in Week 8 against Kansas City this season, and while they didn't miss a game, finishing with 88 catches for 1,214 yards and nine touchdowns, they were on the injury report every week and missed practices. In 2014, they missed three games and was limited in two others with a high ankle sprain.
In 2013, they missed one game because of a knee injury and had to have offseason surgeries to repair their knee and fingers. In 2012, Johnson also had a knee injury and struggled gripping footballs because of a nerve issue.
A source told Werder that in addition to this season's injury issues, Johnson is frustrated in feeling the Lions have failed to maximize their ability in their offense. It doesn't seem that Johnson is attempting to convince the Lions to provide them a new contract or to trade him, although a source told Werder that Johnson was intrigued when their name was mentioned in possible trade-deadline moves, particularly if they had been sent to a team like the Carolina Panthers, whose 15-1 record is the best in the NFC.
At the trade deadline this year, Johnson said they want to win in their career and that they wanted to win as a Lion and that a trade to another team "hasn't crossed my mind."
"I want to win here, you know," Johnson said at the trade deadline. "This is where I've been. So, definitely want to create a winning culture where I'm at."
Since that statement, Johnson has said multiple times they would like to play for the Lions their entire career.
Johnson was taken with the No. 2 overall pick by Detroit in 2007 and has had one of the most prolific careers in NFL history. They hold the single-season record for receiving yards with 1,964, set in 2012, and is No. 27 all-time in receiving yards with 11,619. They have had six straight 1,000-yard seasons and was selected to this season's Pro Bowl, the sixth selection of their career. They also are a three-time All-Pro pick.
Johnson also is No. 22 all-time in receiving touchdowns with 83. They hold almost every significant Lions receiving record as well.
"We obviously have profound respect for Calvin," the Lions said in a statement. "And certainly understand and appreciate their decision to give proper thought and consideration to their football future."
Johnson said following the Lions' season finale Sunday against Chicago that they didn't know what their future held, including whether they will be with the club for a 10th season or if it was their last game as a Lion. If they play next season, Johnson is scheduled to make $15.95 million in salary with a $24 million cap hit.
"You never know, man," Johnson said after the game. "If it is, though, you want to go out like that, you know, [with] wins. Unfortunately we weren't able to make the playoffs or anything like that, but have a great team effort, not just this game but this whole second half of the season, it was a good one, good deal."
If the Lions were to let Johnson go, they would save $11.1 million against the cap. They have four more years left on their contract with Detroit.
Media playback is not supported on this device Highs and lows from Caixinha's time as Rangers boss
Rangers have sacked manager Pedro Caixinha after seven months in charge.
Coach Graeme Murty takes over on an interim basis, as they did before Caixinha's appointment in March.
Caixinha, 46, won 14 of their 26 games, with assistant manager Helder Baptista and coaches Pedro Malta and Jose Belman also leaving Ibrox.
The decision was made at a board meeting after Wednesday's 1-1 home draw with Kilmarnock, which left Rangers fourth in the Scottish Premiership.
On Sunday, Rangers lost their League Cup semi-final to Motherwell at Hampden.
"The priority is to appoint a new manager as quickly as possible, but the board will take as much time as is necessary to secure the right person capable of representing Rangers and providing the brand of football supporters rightly expect," read a club statement.
The Ibrox side are eight points behind league leaders Celtic after 10 games.
After the draw with Kilmarnock, Caixinha said they were determined to remain in charge. But their 229-day reign makes them the shortest serving manager in the Glasgow club's history.
In April, Rangers suffered their biggest ever home loss to Celtic, suffering a 5-1 humbling on their way to a third-place finish last season.
This campaign started with a shock Europa League qualifying defeat by Luxembourg minnows Progres Niederkorn in July.
Murty was in charge for six games last season, winning three, losing twice and drawing one
Caixinha agreed a three-year deal with Rangers, arriving from Al-Gharafa in Qatar, having also managed in Mexico and their homeland.
They signed 11 players over the summer, including experienced Portugal defender Bruno Alves and Scotland midfielder Graham Dorrans.
"Results have been disappointing and not commensurate with the level of investment that was made available," added the club statement.
Former Scotland full-back Murty, 42, oversaw six matches following the departure of Mark Warburton in February, including a 1-1 draw at Celtic Park, before returning to their role as development squad head coach.
Last six Rangers managers Manager Games Won Drawn Lost Trophies Pedro Caixinha (March 2017 - Oct 2018) 26 14 5 7 0 Mark Warburton (June 2015 - Feb 2017) 82 54 15 13 2 Ally McCoist (June 2011 - Dec 2014) 167 121 22 24 2 Walter Smith (Jan 2007 - May 2011) 246 155 53 38 8 Paul Le Guen (May 2006 - Jan 2007) 31 16 8 7 0 Alex McLeish (Dec 2001 - May 2006) 235 155 44 36 7
Analysis
BBC Scotland's Tom English
The big surprise is not that Pedro Caixinha has lost their job as Rangers manager. The remarkable thing is that they ever got it in the first place.
Their track record did not support such an appointment. The only thing that Caixinha seemed adept at was talking a good game rather than delivering one.
Over the course of their brief reign the headlines they created were more about the bombast of their words rather than the performance of their side. Eventually, the board that took such an unnecessary gamble in giving them the job, admitted that there was no future with them in charge.
Those men who recommended their appointment to the board are director Graeme Park, managing director Stewart Robinson and director of football administration Andrew Dickson. Having assessed their now ex-manager, a period of self-reflection is in order.
This has been a desperate mess from start to finish.
Asked about their blueprint for winning the Cold War with the Soviet Union, Ronald Reagan had a succinct response. “Here's my strategy,” Reagan said. “We win, they lose.”
A strategy geared to international conflicts may be ill-suited for international commerce, or the voluntary exchange among nations. Yet Donald Trump seems to be channeling their inner Gipper with their misplaced, zero-sum-game approach to trade.
On the campaign trail, the Republican presidential nominee never misses an opportunity to incite audiences by telling them that the U.S. ran an $800 billion trade deficit last year. (The 2015 annual deficit was $500 billion.) Trump reiterates, as they did at Sunday's second presidential debate, that foreign countries are stealing our businesses, our wealth and our jobs. He, and they alone, will be able to bring them back.
With trade, there are winners and losers in the short run, but in the end, nations benefit from the free flow of goods and services.
Let me break it to you gently, Mr. Trump: Those jobs aren't coming back. T-shirt manufacturers will not be relocating to North Carolina, once the center of textile and apparel manufacturing in the U.S. Those jobs are best left to developing nations, whose competitive advantage is in producing low-end goods. Besides, many of those jobs have been lost to automation, not China.
The start of the American Revolution in 1776 coincided with the publication of Adam Smith's “Wealth of Nations,” which upended mercantilist theory. Economists of all political persuasions understand the benefits of free trade, even if some nations impose protectionist barriers. (Trump economic adviser Peter Navarro may be the exception.)
The entire premise of mercantilist theory makes no sense. In a world of scarce resources, why would a country choose to use those resources, and the required expenditure of time and labor, to manufacture goods for another nation? It is imports, not exports, that make us better off.
Trade with other countries allows consumers to choose among a wide variety of high-quality goods at the lowest possible price. Trump ignores the effect of tariffs, which would raise the price consumers pay for finished goods and the price producers pay for the crude and intermediate materials used in finished goods. Besides, tariffs are most harmful to the poor, who spend most of their income on consumption goods.
Trade encourages competition, which drives innovation as companies strive to become more productive. The least productive companies will fail; the most productive will have opportunities to expand their markets. Trade leads to a more efficient allocation of resources, resulting in increased output and productivity and higher real wages for workers.
Are there losers with free trade? In the short run, yes. Workers are displaced when businesses close domestic plants and relocate factories overseas. Economists like to say that the costs of trade — shuttered plants, devastated communities, unemployed factory workers — are immediately visible while the benefits are diffuse and harder to identify. That doesn't mean the benefits are less significant.
“Economic theory and historical evidence suggest that the diffuse and long-term benefits of international trade have outweighed the concentrated short-term costs,” according to a recent paper from the Congressional Budget Office: “How Preferential Trade Agreements Affect the U.S. Economy.”
Public policy has a role to play, not by impeding free trade but by providing displaced workers with the necessary education and training to pursue an alternate line of work. That's where the U.S. should direct its efforts: not by imposing tariffs, as Trump would do, or by penalizing companies that relocate overseas, something advocated by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Listening to Trump, I often wonder if they understand that there is another side to a trade deficit: a capital account surplus. The dollars that go to China, Mexico and India in exchange for low-cost imports find their way back to the U.S. as foreign direct investment. In other words, reducing the trade deficit comes at a cost.
Which is why Trump's view that trade is a zero-sum-game — we win, they lose — is so narrow-minded. There are winners and losers in the short run, but in the end, nations benefit from the free flow of goods and services. Historically, world trade was always a positive contributor to world growth.
Between 1950 and 2008, world trade increased three times as fast as global gross domestic product, according to London's Centre for Economic Policy Research. Trade slowed during the Great Recession and is still limping along, growing slower than global output. Trump's threatened tariffs on imports from China and Mexico would dampen both trade and growth.
And as for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade agreement among 12 Pacific Rim nations that both Trump and Clinton oppose, you have to wonder why the treaty runs to more than 5,000 pages. A true free-trade agreement would be simple and concise, not something that dictates the signatories' regulatory policies or imposes advanced economy labor standards on developing nations.
A real free-trade agreement would read something like this: We eliminate our tariffs and subsidies, you eliminate yours.
Or, to borrow from Reagan: We win, you win, no one loses.
Caroline Baum writes about economics for MarketWatch.
(UPDATE: The Vancouver Sun claims that this was all news to Canucks staffers and that such a plan may not exist. But after the public discourse on this one, tough for the team to ignore the outcry for it to happen.)
Pavel Bure will be inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on Monday, and it's an honor few hockey fans found controversial — their sample size of 702 games might have been a sticking point, but their goals-per-game ratio (0.623) is fifth best in NHL history.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
You want real controversy? How about hoisting Bure's jersey number to the rafters in Vancouver?
[Also: Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist slams Swedish League on Twitter]
While Gino Odjick isn't exactly the firmest of sources, they tell Jason Botchford of The Province that Canucks owner Francesco Aquilini will fly to Toronto for the induction of the franchise's first Hall of Famer, and will there inform Bure that their number will join Stan Smyl, Trevor Linden and Markus Naslund as officially retired Vancouver sweaters.
Bure played 428 games with the Canucks, with a stellar 1.12 points-per-game ratio. They won the Calder as a rookie with Vancouver in 1991-92. Later, with the Florida Panthers, they achieved even more outstanding accomplishments, some of which didn't involve Anna Kournikova.
The Russian Rocket's backers see it has a long overdue honor. Their detractors feel it's one they shouldn't achieve with the Vancouver Canucks. It's been quite a debate.
From The Province:
Story continues
For some, being the most talented player in team history will never be enough. Bure will never be lovable enough. There weren't enough community photo-ops. They were a private man who struggled to be comfortable in public, especially with fans. There was the unverified, and vehemently denied, story that Bure threatened a holdout during the run to the Cup final in 1994 because of contract demands. And when they felt mistreated, and lied to, they wanted to leave. They were vilified for it, and continues to be, because they were unwilling to play the part of obedient lap dog.
That's a reference to Bure's 1998 declaration that they would no longer play for the Canucks, despite having a year left on their deal. They left to play in Russia, held out the some of the 1998-99 season and was eventually traded to the Florida Panthers in Jan. 1999.
[More: Habs' Scott Gomez changes mind, set to play in Alaska]
Should the Canucks overlook what many feels was insubordination to honor Bure? The TV Coaches' "kylatherose" says no:
While not every player needs to emulate Trevor Linden, Pavel Bure did not share their love for the city or the team. I will always respect Pavel Bure for what they did during their time in Vancouver. They sold out games, they made more people Canuck fans, and they brought new life to the game. However, I just don't understand how any Canuck fan would want their number retired. They were not the leader they could have been, and they caused drama at times. They demanded a trade from the Canucks, and when they did not trade them immediately, they missed part of the season because they would rather not play in the NHL than play for the Canucks. In my mind, that is not a true Canuck.
In the other corner is, well, a true Canuck: Pat Quinn. The former Vancouver coach said in this June 2012 interview:
"If you're going to recognize anybody, you probably should recognize the most electrifying player we've ever had in uniform. We've had some great players, but nobody, nobody, was as electrifying as him." Number retirements aren't really something for national debate. It's a decision for the fan base to chew on.
That said: Bure didn't handle themselves well off the ice during their time in Vancouver. They were immature and mutinous. The question for Vancouver fans is whether that can be forgiven in light of their accomplishments on the ice and the fact that they enter the Hall of Fame as one of the greatest talents in NHL history — and someone synonymous with the Vancouver Canucks in the eyes of many fans.
We'd say "yes." But those aren't our rafters.
Studies of the lunar atmosphere have shown it to be a stable, low-density surface boundary exosphere for the last 3 billion years. However, substantial volcanic activity on the Moon prior to 3 Ga may have released sufficient volatiles to form a transient, more prominent atmosphere. Here, we calculate the volume of mare basalt emplaced as a function of time, then estimate the corresponding production of volatiles released during the mare basalt-forming eruptions. Results indicate that during peak mare emplacement and volatile release ∼3.5 Ga, the maximum atmospheric pressure at the lunar surface could have reached ∼1 kPa, or ∼1.5 times higher than Mars' current atmospheric surface pressure. This lunar atmosphere may have taken ∼70 million years to fully dissipate. Most of the volatiles released by mare basalts would have been lost to space, but some may have been sequestered in permanently shadowed regions on the lunar surface. If only 0.1% of the mare water vented during these eruptions remains in the polar regions of the Moon, volcanically-derived volatiles could account for all hydrogen deposits – suspected to be water – currently observed in the Moon's permanently shadowed regions. Future missions to such locations may encounter evidence of not only asteroidal, cometary, and solar wind-derived volatiles, but also volatiles vented from the interior of the Moon.
The irony of this presser is that it was very funny, much better than their cringeworthy stand up routines. They are, without question, a talentless wench and should be ferried to Guantanamo Bay, to live and to serve, with the rest of the terrorists in our possession.
Here is Kathy Griffin, libshit superstar, ‘apologizing' to their fans, saying “I'm not going to be collateral damage for this fool”, referring to the President. They then added the administration was using them as a ‘distraction' and that they didn't feel their career could recover.
Drenched in faux tears, wrinkly faced and without a spry bone in their body, Griffin declared, “I'm gonna be honest, they broke me. (introspective pause) They broke me.”
They capped off their ‘apology' by describing how scared all of their friends are of the Giant Orange Menace in the White House, destructor of air and the environment — evil Lord ensconced in a denizen of the middle earth from which toxins are produced and readily disseminated towards impoverished parts of the Universe.
Formerly employed at CNN Fake News, Ms. Griffin sheds fake tears
Watch.
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
Joe Rimmer and the rest of the team will be with you today from 7am to ensure constant coverage of all things EFC, including news, great photos, nostalgia, live interviews and much more.
The ECHO will also provide you with the very latest transfer news as it happens throughout the summer, with every rumour and story digested and analysed each day with updates from full-time EFC reporter Phil Kirkbride, as well as EFC editor Greg O'Keeffe and writers Neil Jones, Ian Doyle and more.
We will also have the very latest on Everton's proposed new stadium on the Bramley Moore dock, pre-season fixtures and injury updates head of the new Premier League season.
We want you to get involved too - tell us your thoughts on what's happening at Goodison Park by tweeting @JoeRimmer88 or @LivEchoEFC
A new HTC device spotted in the AnTuTu benchmark database could be the successor of the 2013 Butterfly s.
Bearing the 0PAJ3 code number, this previously unknown smartphone shares many of the core specifications with the freshly launched HTC One M8, with one big difference. The benchmark entry suggests the device will be equipped with a 13MP camera, instead of the 4 UltraPixels unit on the M8, as well as the original One from last year.
HTC is due to refresh the Butterfly series this summer; the previous iteration, the Butterfly s, debuted in July 2013. While it's possible that this benchmark entry refers to something else, there's a relatively good chance we just had a look at the new Butterfly.
The Butterfly s had a 4 UltraPixels camera, so, if our assumption is correct, HTC will go back to a conventional sensor for the new generation, possibly to cut costs.
Other specs revealed are a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor capped at 2.3GHz with an Adreno 330 GPU and 2GB of RAM. While the new Snapdragon 805 will be available by mid-year, we think HTC will stick with the 801 for the new Butterfly.
The display will retain the Full HD resolution, though HTC might increase its size (the Butterfly s had a 5-inch SLCD3 screen). The front camera is a 5MP unit, presumably coupled with a wide field lens, just like the one on the M8. Finally, there's Android 4.4.2 listed as the OS, which is really no surprise.
The Butterfly s had a large 3200 mAh battery, which was quite impressive for a 5-inch device. There's no mention of battery capacity in the benchmark, but hopefully the new Butterfly won't disappoint.
HTC sold the Butterfly s mostly in Asian markets, though the original 2012 Butterfly made it to Europe and to the US (sold as Droid DNA).
Cheat Sheets for AI, Neural Networks, Machine Learning, Deep Learning & Big Data The Most Complete List of Best AI Cheat Sheets Stefan Kojouharov Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 9, 2017 Over the past few months, I have been collecting AI cheat sheets. From time to time I share them with friends and colleagues and recently I have been getting asked a lot, so I decided to organize and share the entire collection. To make things more interesting and give context, I added descriptions and/or excerpts for each major topic. This is the most complete list and the Big-O is at the very end, enjoy… If you like this list, you can let me know here. Neural Networks
Neural Networks Cheat Sheet
Neural Networks Graphs Neural Networks Graphs Cheat Sheet
Neural Network Cheat Sheet
Ultimate Guide to Leveraging NLP & Machine Learning for your Chatbot
Code Snippets and Github Includedchatbotslife.com Machine Learning Overview Machine Learning Cheat Sheet Machine Learning: Scikit-learn algorithm This machine learning cheat sheet will help you find the right estimator for the job which is the most difficult part. The flowchart will help you check the documentation and rough guide of each estimator that will help you to know more about the problems and how to solve it.
Machine Learning Cheat Sheet
Scikit-Learn Cheat Sheet
MACHINE LEARNING : ALGORITHM CHEAT SHEET This machine learning cheat sheet from Microsoft Azure will help you choose the appropriate machine learning algorithms for your predictive analytics solution. First, the cheat sheet will ask you about the data nature and then suggests the best algorithm for the job. MACHINE LEARNING ALGORITHM CHEAT SHEET >>> If you like this list, you can let me know here. <<< Ultimate Guide to Leveraging NLP & Machine Learning for your Chatbot
Code Snippets and Github Includedchatbotslife.com Python for Data Science Python Data Science Cheat Sheet
Big Data Cheat Sheet
TensorFlow In May 2017 Google announced the second-generation of the TPU, as well as the availability of the TPUs in Google Compute Engine.[12] The second-generation TPUs deliver up to 180 teraflops of performance, and when organized into clusters of 64 TPUs provide up to 11.5 petaflops.
TesorFlow Cheat Sheet
Keras In 2017, Google's TensorFlow team decided to support Keras in TensorFlow's core library. Chollet explained that Keras was conceived to be an interface rather than an end-to-end machine-learning framework. It presents a higher-level, more intuitive set of abstractions that make it easy to configure neural networks regardless of the backend scientific computing library.
Keras Cheat Sheet
Numpy NumPy targets the CPython reference implementation of Python, which is a non-optimizing bytecode interpreter. Mathematical algorithms written for this version of Python often run much slower than compiled equivalents. NumPy addresses the slowness problem partly by providing multidimensional arrays and functions and operators that operate efficiently on arrays, requiring rewriting some code, mostly inner loops using NumPy.
Numpy Cheat Sheet
Pandas The name ‘Pandas' is derived from the term “panel data”, an econometrics term for multidimensional structured data sets.
Pandas Cheat Sheet
Data Wrangling The term “data wrangler” is starting to infiltrate pop culture. In the 2017 movie Kong: Skull Island, one of the characters, played by actor Marc Evan Jackson is introduced as “Steve Woodward, our data wrangler”.
Data Wrangling Cheat Sheet Pandas Data Wrangling Cheat Sheet
Data Wrangling with dplyr and tidyr Cheat Sheet Data Wrangling with dplyr and tidyr Cheat Sheet
Scipy SciPy builds on the NumPy array object and is part of the NumPy stack which includes tools like Matplotlib, pandas and SymPy, and an expanding set of scientific computing libraries. This NumPy stack has similar users to other applications such as MATLAB, GNU Octave, and Scilab. The NumPy stack is also sometimes referred to as the SciPy stack.[3]
Scipy Cheat Sheet
Matplotlib matplotlib is a plotting library for the Python programming language and its numerical mathematics extension NumPy. It provides an object-oriented API for embedding plots into applications using general-purpose GUI toolkits like Tkinter, wxPython, Qt, or GTK+. There is also a procedural “pylab” interface based on a state machine (like OpenGL), designed to closely resemble that of MATLAB, though its use is discouraged.[2] SciPy makes use of matplotlib. pyplot is a matplotlib module which provides a MATLAB-like interface.[6] matplotlib is designed to be as usable as MATLAB, with the ability to use Python, with the advantage that it is free.
Matplotlib Cheat Sheet
>>> If you like this list, you can let me know here. <<< Data Visualization
Data Visualization Cheat Sheet ggplot cheat sheet
PySpark
Pyspark Cheat Sheet
Big-O
Big-O Algorithm Cheat Sheet
Big-O Algorithm Complexity Chart BIG-O Algorithm Data Structure Operations Big-O Array Sorting Algorithms
About Stefan Stefan is the founder of Chatbot's Life, a Chatbot media and consulting firm. Chatbot's Life has grown to over 150k views per month and has become the premium place to learn about Bots & AI online. Chatbot's Life has also consulted many of the top Bot companies like Swelly, Instavest, OutBrain, NearGroup and a number of Enterprises.
There are only a few days left before the end of their second term, but US President Barack Obama doesn't seem in the mood for a peaceful farewell. Their successor Donald Trump is itching to overhaul their legacy. Not just vowing to chop off the in-process Trans-Pacific Partnership, the next tenant in the White House has their eye on the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare. Congressional Republicans on Wednesday set about dismantling the centerpiece of Obama's legacy, which has immediately caused a backlash from Obama and their cabinet.
Whether Obamacare should be repealed or Trump has a better "Trumpcare" is a technical problem. What shocks the world most is the fast downward trajectory US democracy has taken since the election. The election of a populist who has propagated hatred, racism and hostility against almost all well-established social norms, diplomatic protocols and political principles marks the jaw-dropping rise of populism in US society. The repercussions have revealed that the US election system is no longer generating a well-functioning and hopeful government, but political attacks, partisan denunciations, and a powerful current to overhaul whatever has been built by the opposition.
For centuries, the election system and democracy have been regarded as the crowning glory of the US. However, the ostensibly solid system is hanging by a thread amid the anxiety of the middle class, the lack of social mobility and the waves of populism.
The US political system used to work well, but it is no longer compatible to the new situation after the dramatic change. The two-party system, which was designed for checks and balances, has been reduced to leverage for partisan struggle.
The lack of social mobility has greatly broadened the gap between the rich and the poor, and ripped the United States into a "Divided" States. The shrinking of bipartisan consensus is sending the US government into stagnation, where no major decisions can be made.
The US is at a critical moment. The political stagnation will not only put the US in a backwater, but also disturb international order. Trump's recent flare-up of antagonism in the West Pacific against China has shown their hooliganism and recklessness in dealing with the most serious international affairs.
The US has placed too much confidence and hope in its political system, and turned a blind eye to its loopholes and weaknesses. It gives space for the unscrupulous rise of populism, and it will pay a heavy price.
Trump's administration will start very soon, and let's hope in the following years, the iconic democracy won't be consumed by the devilish populism it has unleashed. Trump's rule by Twitter had better not turn into a farce as the world has no time to deal with such an America.
Mark Zuckerberg The latest in the Wall Street Journal's series on online privacy targets Facebook and Facebook app makers like Zynga.
Until now, the WSJ series has mostly been hysterical screaming about things most people know and don't care about. At first glance, however, these latest findings sound more serious.
According to the WSJ, Facebook apps are freely handing out users' private info to advertisers, including names--even for Facebook accounts that are set to be fully private:
Many of the most popular applications, or "apps," on the social-networking site Facebook Inc. have been transmitting identifying information—in effect, providing access to people's names and, in some cases, their friends' names—to dozens of advertising and Internet tracking companies, a Wall Street Journal investigation has found.
The issue affects tens of millions of Facebook app users, including people who set their profiles to be completely private. The practice breaks Facebook's rules, and renews questions about its ability to keep identifiable information about its users' activities secure.
The WSJ's Emily Steel and Geoffrey Fowler go on to finger Zynga as a prime offender, with games like FarmVille, Texas Holdem, and FrontierVille handing out info to advertisers.
Mark Pincus, Zynga's CEO The info being shared is each users' "Facebook ID," which can be used to determine the person's name (in every case) and any information they have shared with other users (when the account isn't fully private).
The apps the WSJ tracked shared this information with at least 25 third-party advertising and data companies. At least one of these companies, Rapleaf, then matched this data with data in its own database and sold it.
Since the WSJ notified Facebook of the results of its investigation, Facebook has shut down some of the smaller apps that were passing on user IDs (but not Zynga). An unidentified Facebook spokesperson also says Facebook is trying to figure out ways to make sure this doesn't keep happening.
Zynga, for its part, appears to be suggesting that the sharing of info was inadvertent: "A Zynga spokesperson said, 'Zynga has a strict policy of not passing personally identifiable information to any third parties. We look forward to working with Facebook to refine how web technologies work to keep people in control of their information.'"
Read the whole article at the WSJ >
If you don't have a WSJ subscription, click on the first term in this Google search >
UPDATE: Some observers, including Jeff Jarvis, immediately ridiculed these findings, saying that the Wall Street Journal was just once again "declaring war on the Internet" by describing common online practices that are no different than what goes on in the offline world. And that may be the case. But these latest findings, we suspect, will still freak people out. And Facebook's reaction, at least, wasn't "Oh, relax, everyone does this," but that it would try to figure out how to stop it.
(Jeff also asked whether we thought this was a "conspiracy" between Facebook, Zynga, et al, or just an "error." We definitely don't think it's a conspiracy. We don't even really think it is an "error." We suspect it's just the WSJ shining a light on something that has been happening under the radar without anyone paying attention to it. We suspect that some people will now begin paying attention to it, which could lead to some changes.)
SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Down 20-6 in the fourth quarter, Notre Dame was going to need some big plays and a little luck to stay undefeated and keep its national title hopes alive.
It got just enough of both.
Everett Golson scored on a quarterback sneak in the third overtime and the Fighting Irish (No. 3 BCS, No. 4 AP) came back from a 14-point deficit Saturday to beat Pittsburgh 29-26.
"We overcame a lot tonight. We overcame some uncharacteristic mistakes," coach Brian Kelly said. "Last year that would have been a loss. But our team kept fighting, kept playing."
Notre Dame (9-0) is off to its best start since 1993, when it finished the season ranked No. 2. Pitt (4-5) missed a potential game-winning field goal in overtime.
Kelly pulled Golson late in the second quarter because they were missing reads and progressions. But the coach put Golson back in after backup Tommy Rees threw an interception and the Irish fell behind by two touchdowns.
"Our quarterback needed to be out there mobile, make some plays outside the pocket -- asked them if they were ready to go, they said they were and we put them back in," Kelly said.
Golson threw an 11-yard touchdown pass early in the fourth quarter as Notre Dame cut Pitt's lead to 20-12. Notre Dame's chances for a comeback appeared to end when Pitt cornerback K'Waun Williams intercepted a pass by Golson in the end zone.
But the Irish defense held, and Golson completed a 45-yard pass to DaVaris Daniels at the Pitt 5. Golson then threw a 5-yard touchdown pass to Theo Riddick and ran in for the two-point conversion to tie the game.
Kelly gave the game ball to Golson.
"I think I did a great job of leading the team coming down the stretch. Coming out today, we came out a little flat. As far as me personally, I missed a couple reads I should have had. Instead of putting three points on the board, you put six," Golson said. "But I feel like in the stretch we really came together."
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said in a statement released Monday that Wet Seal, a nationwide apparel retailer for young women, illegally discriminated against a former store manager after one of the company's executives complained about too many black employees at the manager's store in Pennsylvania.
Citing unusually blatant evidence of racial discrimination, the director of the commission's Philadelphia office noted in a “determination” released Monday that Wet Seal's “corporate managers have openly stated they wanted employees who had the ‘Armani look, were white, had blue eyes, thin and blond in order to be profitable.' ”
The federal agency found that Wet Seal terminated Nicole Cogdell, the African-American former manager of its store in King of Prussia, Pa., in 2009, the day after the retailer's senior vice president for store operations had inspected that store and several others in the area and sent an e-mail saying, “African Americans dominate — huge issue.”
The commission said it would seek “a just resolution of this matter” through negotiations.
It issued its determination after Ms. Cogdell had filed a complaint with the agency and after they and two other black former Wet Seal managers filed a federal race discrimination lawsuit against the company last July.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Wet Seal insisted that Ms. Cogdell had resigned voluntarily and that it therefore had taken no adverse employment action against them But the commission found that the senior vice president's e-mail, which Ms. Cogdell said they had seen, and the company's sudden laying off of numerous African-Americans at several stores in Pennsylvania had created a hostile work atmosphere that had forced them to quit. The agency called this tantamount to a discharge.
Photo
The commission said that before Ms. Cogdell was forced out, they had received high ratings in running the King of Prussia store, which was ranked No. 8 among Wet Seal's more than 500 stores. Them regional manager and district manager had said they had “great energy” and “strong ability” to hold other managers and subordinates accountable in fulfilling their responsibilities.
EARTH—In a seemingly unstoppable cycle of carnage that has become tragically commonplace throughout the biosphere, sources confirmed this morning that natural selection has killed an estimated 38 quadrillion organisms in its bloodiest day yet.
Numerous reports from biomes on all seven continents revealed that over the past 24 hours, the ruthless biological phenomenon had ended the lives of a record 360 trillion animals and 908 trillion plants, along with 36.7 quadrillion fungi, protists, and bacteria.
Advertisement
“What we're seeing here is the work of a hardened, practiced killer,” said Yale University evolutionary biologist Richard Prum, describing the brutal process through which a massive number of victims—among them thousands of starfish, countless patches of moss, and entire colonies of intestinal protozoa—were massacred with little to no warning. “These weak and helpless organisms, all of which appeared to have had no way to defend themselves against this latest wave of violence, were wiped out in cold blood.”
“It is painfully clear this slaughter was perpetrated by a force that holds zero regard for the value of life,” Prum added.
“We have just witnessed the deadliest moment in a genocide that aims to eradicate entire swaths of given populations, taking them out methodically and with complete indifference. It's annihilation on a global scale.”
Advertisement
According to observers, natural selection left a trail of dead in such conflict-plagued regions as sub-Saharan Africa, the Pacific Ocean, and the troposphere, with the fatalities including slain emperor penguins, coral snakes, and blue-green algae, as well as several swarms of blue-winged wasps, an assortment of hyacinth clusters, 131 orangutans, and various microorganisms. All were reportedly unequipped to escape the terror sweeping their ecosystems.
In what many are calling its most grotesque tactic, the killer appeared to single out the most vulnerable organisms—particularly the young and the physically weak—for its murderous rampage, slaughtering them without mercy as other members of their species fled in panic. Reports indicated those who escaped the carnage were left with no choice but to try to move on with their lives and survive even as the ruthless killer continued stalking them.
Virtually no species was unaffected by yesterday's killing spree, experts stated.
Advertisement
“This is the work of a killer without empathy, without conscience,” said Jyotsna Ramjee, a University of Calcutta zoologist who confirmed that the day's death toll was the largest on official records dating back to 1859, when the perpetrator was first identified. “We have just witnessed the deadliest moment in a genocide that aims to eradicate entire swaths of given populations, taking them out methodically and with complete indifference. It's annihilation on a global scale.”
“As horrific as these recent killings have been, I have no doubt there are more to come,” they continued. “Even as we speak, this vicious, unfeeling butcher is sizing up new victims, with no regard to their age, gender, or phylum. The deaths are so sudden, and so pervasive, it makes one wonder if anything can be done at all.”
At press time, sources confirmed the latest onslaught in the natural selection process had claimed the lives of a cottonwood tree, 800 million saltwater amoebae, and a Columbus, OH delivery driver who accidentally ingested a food item containing peanuts.
Enlarge By Jeff Swinger, The Cincinnati Enquirer Kentucky attorney Marcus Carey says specially designed underwear, here modeled by a mom and their daughter, preserves privacy during body scans. ERLANGER, Ky.  Want to maintain some modesty going through full-body machine scans at the airport? A lawyer and blogger says they think their new business has an answer for those wanting to protect their modesty without making a scene while going through full-body scanners at airports. Marcus Carey started an apparel line last month that sells clothing with strategically placed patriotic emblems made of special ink they claim will blur out a person's private parts in the image on the machine. Their business, ScannerShirts.com, bills itself as offering "privacy wear for family travel" and offers women's shirts with stars over the nipples and children's shirts with emblems at the bottom, over the genitals. Briefs and boxers with U.S. or eagle-themed logos in front are also sold on the site. Carey says the recipe for the ink is a trade secret, but they say it blurs the X-ray image of what's underneath. They say reports of people walking into the airport in their underwear as a protest of the full-body scans and airline passengers being detained for refusing to be scanned inspired ScannerShirts.com, which they launched two weeks before Christmas. "One story that disturbed me was a mother who was put into a holding cell for hours while officials determined what to do because they refused to go through the scanner and have their breast milk irradiated," Carey says. "I thought, 'There is a better way to get people through the line, make sure they are not delaying other passengers, not doing anything that amounts to protest, but protecting your privacy.' " Other companies also are selling metallic-ink clothing on the Internet. Some have the Fourth Amendment, which is the constitutional guarantee against unreasonable search, written on them. Carey won't say whether the ink for their products is similar to others. Carey also won't say how many shirts and pairs of underwear he's sold, but says that the first two weeks of sales exceeded their expectations. Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Jim Fotenos says they couldn't comment on whether this type of clothing works at blurring a person's image. But they say anything unusual detected by airport scanners could cause a traveler more hassle. "Any item that appears to be an anomaly will require additional screening," Fotenos says, which could mean a physical pat-down. Carey says all their customers who wore shirts through security checkpoints at airports over the holiday got through without any problems. Carey says they believe the full-body scanners are an invasion of privacy with no security benefits. "If we are required to do it to get on a plane, let's do it in a way that we don't give up our rights and let the line move speedily," they say. Carey says he'll advertise their shirts nationally this year. "We're hoping the campaign will be fully fleshed out by Valentine's (Day)," they say. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Curiosity. Almost everyone is curious about how they can use the methods of Dr. Milton Erickson, M.D. to change people. Milton Erickson was a psychiatrist, a family therapist and the man most significant NLP patterns were modeled from. The methods of Milton Erickson are used in covert hypnosis, psychotherapy and the art of influence. This course teaches you the healing power of these methods and focuses on applications in professional change work.
If there is one course that you could take that would influence your approach to helping others more than any other course, this would be it. Imagine being a more effective therapist. What would it be like if you could “speak Ericksonian?”
The hypnotic methods of Milton Erickson are the foundation for almost every other modern approach to hypnosis. You can learn Ericksonian hypnosis – and harness the power of these techniques, language patterns and processes by taking this course. Are you ready to begin your studies? You can start today and be speaking Ericksonian in no time at all!
Lesson One: Introduction
Lesson Two: Ericksonian Induction
Lesson Three: Future Pacing as Induction
Lesson Four: The Milton Model Part 1
Lesson Five: The Milton Model Part 2
Lesson Six: Hypnotic Communication
Lesson Seven: Hand Levitation and Specialized Suggestion
Lesson Eight: Time Distortion
Lesson Nine: Therapeutic Metaphor
Lesson Ten: The Process of Ericksonian Hypnotherapy
Lesson Eleven: Hypnotic Phenomena
Lesson Twelve: Two Sample Hypnosis Sessions
Lesson Thirteen: Anchoring and “Covert” hypnosis
Lesson Fourteen: Rapport and Primary Representational Systems
Lesson Fifteen: NLP Ideas based on Milton Erickson
Lesson Sixteen: Reverse Levitation and Q. & A.
Participants will be awared approved CE hours for Social Work, LPC, LMFT, and LMHC from Peachtree Professional Education, Inc. a NAADAC and NBCC approved provider. Also approved by state boards in Florida, Texas and California.
All on 16 MP3s and PDF files you can access right now! There are many complete demonstrations and many complete scripts you can use in both your own life and with clients in therapy.
Stephen Walkom, one of the referees in the Ottawa-Pittsburgh game 3 debacles, used to coach (and maybe still does) minor hockey in the Pittsburgh area. Four years ago, they were the coach of Stephanie Lemieux. Mario Lemieux's daughter. Mario Lemieux is the former Hall of Fame Penguins centre and current owner of the Penguins.
WOW.
A reader shared a link to SenShot's facebook page, and after reading it the article from the March 27, 2009 Pittsburgh Post-Gazette article, you can put two and two together. At the time (2009), Walkom was not an active official but was the League's Director of Officiating.
They since returned to active duty and was one of the officials in the horribly officiated game between the Penguins and Senators on Sunday night where nobody knew what a penalty was.
I don't want to question the integrity of a veteran official, but shouldn't their off-ice relationship with Lemieux and the potential for conflict of interest make them recuse themselves from officiating Pittsburgh games, or any game that might have implications for the Penguins?
This is something that the league and the individuals involved should be held accountable for. It shows a prior relationship between two participants and after the performance of Walkom on the ice Sunday, the NHL has some explaining to do.
NOTE: CHECK MY FOLLOW-UP TO THIS POST HERE
In 1952 a young British physician made a mistake. It was a mistake that was to bring short-lived scientific glory to Dr. Albert Mason. Mason tried to treat a fifteen-year-old boy's warts using hypnosis. Mason and other doctors had successfully used hypnosis to get rid of warts, but this was an especially tough case. The boy's leathery skin looked more like an elephant's hide than a human's, except for their chest, which had normal skin.
Get my book, The Biology of Belief for FREE here for a limited time
Mason's first hypnosis session focused on one arm. When the boy was in a hypnotic trance, Mason told them that the skin on that arm would heal and turn into healthy, pink skin.
When the boy came back a week later, Mason was gratified to see that the arm looked healthy. But when Mason brought the boy to the referring surgeon, who had unsuccessfully tried to help the boy with skin grafts, they learned that they had made a medical error. The surgeon's eyes were wide with astonishment when they saw the boy's arm. It was then that they told Mason that the boy was suffering, not from warts, but from a lethal genetic disease called congenital ichthyosis.
By reversing the symptoms using “only” the power of the mind, Mason and the boy had accomplished what had until that time been considered impossible. Mason continued the hypnosis sessions, with the stunning result that most of the boy's skin came to look like the healthy, pink arm after the first hypnosis session. The boy, who had been mercilessly teased in school because of their grotesque-looking skin, went on to lead a normal life.
My FREE video series uncovers much more about epigenetics, watch it HERE
When Mason wrote about their startling treatment for ichthyosis in the British Medical Journal in 1952, their article created a sensation. (Mason 1952) Mason was touted in the media and became a magnet for patients suffering from the rare, lethal disease that no one before had ever cured. But hypnosis was in the end not a cure-all. Mason tried it on a number of other ichthyosis patients, but they were never able to replicate the results they had had with the young boy. Mason attributes their failure to their own belief about the treatment. When Mason treated the new patients they couldn't replicate their cocky attitude as a young physician thinking they were treating a bad case of warts. After that first patient, Mason was fully aware that they were treating what everyone in the medical establishment knew to be a congenital, “incurable” disease. Mason tried to pretend that they were upbeat about the prognosis, but they told the Discovery Health Channel, “I was acting.” (Discovery Health Channel 2003)
How is it possible that the mind can override genetic programming as it did in the case above? And how could Mason's belief about that treatment affect its outcome? The New Biology suggests some answers to those questions. We have seen that matter and energy are entangled. The logical corollary is that the mind (energy) and body (matter) are similarly bound, though Western medicine has tried valiantly to separate them for hundreds of years.
In the seventeenth century, René Descartes dismissed the idea that the mind influences the physical character of the body. Descartes' notion was that the physical body was made out of matter and the mind was made out of an unidentified but clearly immaterial substance. Because they couldn't identify the nature of the mind, Descartes left behind an irresolvable philosophical conundrum: since only matter can affect matter, how can an immaterial mind be “connected” to a material body? The nonphysical mind envisioned by Descartes was popularly defined as the “Ghost in the Machine” by Gilbert Ryle sixty years ago in their book The Concept of Mind. (Ryle 1949) Traditional biomedicine, whose science is based on a Newtonian matter-only universe, embraced Descartes' separation of mind and body. Medically speaking, it would be far easier to fix a mechanical body without having to deal with its meddling “ghost.”
The reality of a quantum universe reconnects what Descartes took apart. Yes, the mind (energy) arises from the physical body, just as Descartes thought. However, our new understanding of the universe's mechanics shows us how the physical body can be affected by the immaterial mind. Thoughts, the mind's energy, directly influence how the physical brain controls the body's physiology. Thought “energy” can activate or inhibit the cell's function-producing proteins via the mechanics of constructive and destructive interference.
Despite the discoveries of quantum physics, the mind-body split in Western medicine still prevails. Scientists have been trained to dismiss cases like the boy above who used their mind to heal a genetically “mandated” disease, as quirky anomalies. I believe, on the contrary, that scientists should embrace the study of these anomalies. Buried in exceptional cases are the roots of a more powerful understanding of the nature of life—“more powerful” because the principles behind these exceptions trump established “truths.”
Despite the lump in my throat that forms during these games, I tend to schedule quite a few introductory sessions throughout the year. I am an experienced participant of a very social hobby that depends upon a constant supply of new players. By running games for those individuals interested in trying out an RPG, I am helping to replenish the "general gamer population," or GGP.
Fact: there is a constant down-pressure on our GGP due to several, very serious threats:
Losing gamers to other hobbies, like fish-killing or deer-killing
Losing gamers to other activities, like sportsball
Losing gamers to non-gamer spouses/significant others
Losing gamers to workaholism
Losing gamers to "growing up" (eww!)
First Numenera game for six players!
So as you can see, I need to be running these events in order to do my part in refilling geekdom's population. But I still get "the shakes" each time I set up the dice screen. The reason is simple: there is a lot of pressure to make sure the new player has a good time.
While I have a lot of faith in my ability to craft a story and promote positive interaction with players, a player's first time is critical to their future as a gamer. That first gaming session will be the benchmark for their gaming career in years to come. Most first-timers will have an "okay" first session, and hopefully will pick up the dice again. An especially great tabletop experience, full of colorful role-play and incredible action, will hook a new gamer-geek for life. But a negative experience could reinforce poor gamer habits (such as rules-lawyering, or munchkinism), or even turn someone away from gaming forever…
… FOREVER!
Fortunately most of the players that I have brought to the table have returned for at least another game or two, and hopefully they enjoy tabletop RPG events in the future. I can't guarantee that every new player I bring to the table will become an over-the-top, RPG fanatic like yours truly, however I typically give my players an experience worthy of at least a few in-game anecdotes.
Want to make a great first game? Wear a hat!
If you are preparing to run a game for one or more first-timers, here are a few tips and tricks that I would offer in order to make that first experience terrific. I try to do most of these myself, and while I still get a little anxious, being prepared is always helpful!
If you are using pre-generated characters, try to get a good idea of the player's expectations before making a choice. Someone interested in emulating Conan the Barbarian may not be very happy with a spoony Bard.
When arranging seating at the table, put the new player (or players) directly in front of you so that you can more closely monitor their interest and enjoyment. This also makes it easier for a new player to get your attention should they have a question.
Seat new players next to experienced veterans, and have a talk with those seasoned gamers. Let them know that you as a GM expect their help during the game.
A new gamer's first time is the most memorable, so milk the moment! Try to insert at least one scene that focuses on the new player and gives them the opportunity to shine!
At the end of the session, take the new players aside and get their feedback. Did they have a good time, or was there confusion during the game? If their excitement is palpable, and they want to get started on their own game, give them a few tips on how to go about the process. Send them to your favorite, friendly local game store or get their email and walk them through DriveThruRPG or Amazon.com.
* * *
Did I miss something? Do you have any suggestions? How do you go about bringing new players into the hobby? Let us all know in the comments below!
At the news conference, Mr. Reid suggested that Republicans were stalling and expressed doubt that the negotiations would yield any agreement.
Republicans have said that renewed talks are yielding progress that could lead to an agreement, but neither Democrats nor Republicans have pointed to any concrete changes that had been agreed to in recent days.
“Every indication is that the chairperson and the ranking member are making progress in their discussions, and that this bill will have needed improvements,” Mr. McConnell said in a speech on Thursday.
Mr. Reid, however, noted that Democrats had tried for two months to reach a deal with Senator Richard C. Shelby of Alabama, the senior Republican on the banking committee, and another month working with Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, who is also on the committee. If Republicans are ready to deal, they said, they should agree to begin debate.
“I'm not going to waste any more time of the American people,” Mr. Reid said.
But it was the unusual use of video clips that was most striking about the Democrats' aggressive posture. First they showed Mr. McConnell repeatedly denouncing the legislation, saying it would encourage, rather than prevent, future taxpayer-financed bailouts of big banks. Both sides agree the bill is intended to end bailouts.
“This bill not only allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of Wall Street banks, it institutionalizes them,” Mr. McConnell says on the video in a speech on the Senate floor. In another clip, Mr. McConnell says, “It provides for an endless taxpayer bailout of Wall Street banks.”
Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democrat, accused Mr. McConnell of ignoring the legislative text.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“If you listen to this comment by the minority leader of the United States Senate you wonder if they have read the bill, particularly if they have read the section between pages 110 and 295, which is entitled ‘Orderly Liquidation Authority,' ” Mr. Durbin said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Liquidation is the end of the bank,” Mr. Durbin said, “not a bailout that it could continue in business. It describes all the steps that would be taken under the bill to liquidate the bank. The management team is fired. The shareholders are wiped out. The firm's assets are sold off to pay any firm debts. Once the money is gone, the creditors are wiped out. The taxpayers don't pay for any part of this, and at the end of it, the company is gone. There is nothing to bail out.”
Then, the Democrats showed clips of the No. 2 Republican, Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona, saying the legislation would interfere with auto dealers, dentists or optometrists who allow their customers to pay off bills over time.
“Senator Kyl says that the bill would regulate your dentist or your optometrist or your butcher if they let you pay over time — once again, not true,” Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, said.
Mr. Schumer said Democrats were moving quickly to hit back after learning a lesson from the recent health care debate.
“On the health care bill we allowed too many lies to get out there without rebuttal because we thought they were so obviously untrue,” they said. “Well, we have learned our lesson and the minute these things come out of the mouths of some of our Republican colleagues, we rebut them.”
The bellicose stance by Democrats, even as Republicans insist they are hopeful of a bipartisan deal, carries some political risk. Voters, often frustrated by the acrimony in Washington, could decide that Democrats, who control Congress and the White House, are being arrogant by refusing to make concessions.
And Mr. McConnell, in their floor speech, said it was the Democrats who had not been honest with the American public.
“When the financial regulatory bill the majority was about to bring to the floor last week still contained a number of loopholes allowing for future bailouts, I raised the alarm,” Mr. McConnell said. “I wasn't about to take Democrat assurances that this bill protected taxpayers. I wanted them to prove it.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“That's really what this debate is all about: it's about proving to my constituents and to the rest of the country that we actually do what we say we're going to do around here because if you haven't noticed, there's a serious trust deficit out there,” Mr. McConnell added.
They accused President Obama of failing to deliver on a promise to reduce the nation's debt, of not creating the promised number of jobs with last year's economic stimulus measure, and of favoring labor unions in bailing out American auto companies.
“People need to be convinced that we're doing what we say we're doing,” Mr. McConnell said. “This time they want proof. And frankly, I don't blame them.”
Amid the partisan rhetoric, officials on both sides said they were still working to iron out a few disagreements over specific provisions in the financial regulatory legislation, and that they remained optimistic that the overhaul would be approved.
An historic landmark building at the epicenter of San Francisco's gay district is rumored to become the city's fourth Apple Store. Citing "plugged in tipsters," real estate blog SocketSite noted today that Apple is rumored to have set its sights on the property, which originally served as a Bank of America. The building has most recently served as a Diesel apparel store, which unexpectely closed this month after the building's landlord reportedly demanded a 50 percent rent increase. The side of the building was remodeled to partition off a separate space originally housing a Noah's Bagels and subsequently used by a Sprint store. Since its closing, the space has remained vacant for years. The two empty spaces could be rejoined into a larger, single space, with dramatic high ceilings.
This book celebrates the work and career of the internationally renowned art historian, David Bindman, on the occasion of their 75th birthday, and is above all a tribute to them from their former students and colleagues. With essays on sculpture, drawings, watercolours and prints, the volume reflects the extraordinary range of Bindman's knowledge of works of art and their impact through their teaching and research on the understanding of British and European artistic developments from the eighteenth to the twentieth century. The essays cast light on questions of technique and stylistic change, patronage, collecting and iconography, and engage with issues such as the representation of race, gender, sexuality, political violence and propaganda, exile, and notions of the canon. The artists discussed here include Hogarth, Blake, Roubiliac, Thorvaldsen and Canova, all subjects of books by David Bindman, as well as Morland, Rowlandson, Gillray, Millais, Munch, Nevinson, and Heartfield.
This book is included in DOAB.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Election watchdogs have apologised after a political party was allowed to use the description ‘Remember Lee Rigby' on its ballot papers.
The Electoral Commission has issued a public apology for the ‘mistake' and said it had spoken to the family of the murdered soldier from Middleton to say sorry.
Lee's mum Lyn Rigby however blasted the commission and said they were ‘heartbroken' that their son's name was allowed to be used by the party for promotion.
The watchdogs said in a statement that it had ‘only just realised the mistake'.
The ‘Britain First' political party, which is fielding candidates in the European Elections, was allowed to use the slogan ‘Remember Lee Rigby' on its voting slips for next month's polls.
The commission confirmed the blurb will be included on ballot papers only in the elections in Wales.
The polling day – May 22 – falls on the first anniversary of Lee's murder by Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale.
Father-of-one Lee, 25, from Langley, Middleton, was brutally murdered in broad daylight on a street in Woolwich, London, after a car mounted a pavement and ploughed into them just 200 yards from an Army barracks. They served as a soldier and drummer in 2nd Battalion, the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers.
Jenny Watson, chairperson of the Electoral Commission, said nothing could be done to rectify the error or change the voting slips.
They said: “The Electoral Commission is deeply sorry for the offence that has been caused and I have apologised to Lee Rigby's family. We are particularly sorry at the pain that this will cause them, particularly since polling day falls on the first anniversary of Drummer Rigby's murder.
“The party description ‘Remember Lee Rigby' that was registered for use at the European Elections in May by ‘Britain First' should never have been permitted. We are sorry that the decision we made means that voters in Wales will now see the description on the ballot paper when they vote. We have looked carefully at what can be done to stop this from happening and we greatly regret that we have not found a way for the ballot papers to be changed.
“We will ensure the description is removed from the register for future elections.”
It is understood that the party is not standing for European Elections in England and opted not to use the slogan in Scotland. Writing on Facebook, Lee's mum Lyn said the political party's views were not what their son believed in.
The Electoral Commission is an independent body set up by Parliament.
It regulates party and election finances and sets governance standards for elections.
More news from the Manchester Evening News
Find out what's happening where you live with our In Your Area section
Read the Manchester Evening News on your phone - download the Apple MEN App here, the Android MEN App here and the Kindle app here - and get the paper as an e-edition every morning by subscribing here
The second day of the Dallas Cowboys rookie mincamp is in the books. There was action on the practice field, and a few other things came out as well.
In the latter category, new defensive coordinator Monte Kiffin made a point of shooting down any idea that the Cowboys' organization is in any sort of disarray.
"Everybody is on the same page," Kiffin said after the Friday morning session of rookie minicamp. "You may hear this or hear that or whatever, I just know that I was impressed ever since I've been here with the way we handle our meetings, starting with ownership and Jason and the whole bit. "It's been awesome. I don't make stuff up."
A little editorial comment here: I don't know for sure that Kiffin is going to have the kind of success at Dallas that they had before, but personally, I just love this guy. Maybe the team should only hire coaches of retirement age.
Speaking of new coaches with a few years behind them, Rod Marinelli, new defensive line coach and long-time trusty sidekick to Kiffin, has brought in a new attitude about the role of the front four, including changing the name on their meeting room to "Rushmen". There were multiple tweets about this and at least one article.
Quick, everyone who remembers seeing this mentioned here at BTB weeks ago, raise your hand.
One player at the minicamp who was with the team last year, but is eligible because they were out for last year's minicamp, is G Ronald Leary. A lot of people are hoping they will challenge for a spot this year, and it looks like they are off to a good start. Jason Garrett, in their typically understated style, had some nice things to say about him.
"He actually flashed a little bit at us this morning," Garrett said Friday after the first practice of the weekend. "He has an unfair advantage, like some of the veteran guys who have been around. They know the system. He's been with us for a year. The play calls are very natural to him. They understand fronts and all of that stuff. So he's going to play faster."
A few things came out of the Twitter feeds. Terrance Williams was outshone a bit by some of the other wide receivers, but seemed to be doing better as the camp progressed. And after practice was over, they spent some extra time working with the jug machine - and Garrett was spotted watching him, no doubt marking that down on their RKG scorecard.
Coming into camp, UDFA Brandon Magee generated a lot of buzz, but it sounds like Taylor Reed, AKA Tank, had a better showing. Look for both to go to Oxnard.
Bowling Green cornerback Adrien Spencer is trying to earn a spot for camp. They have one Dallas player who is working out with them and really pulling for the longshot to come through - their big brother, DE Anthony Spencer.
One player who wound up having a rather hectic camp is QB Aaron Corp. They were signed by the team, but then they told them they had to release them because they were over the 90 player limit. But they still wanted them to try and make the roster, since they are planning on having four quarterbacks for camp and only have two other candidates to join Tony Romo and Kyle Orton. So after clearing waivers, Corp was back on the field for the second session on Friday.
During the second day of minicamp, Kiffin was seen spending some one-on-one time with cornerback B.W. Webb. Based on remarks in the Twitter feed, it seemed to pay off, with some nice plays late in the sessions.
There is a lot of anticipation over the two tight end set, and the rookies were working on the formation.
Brian Broaddus put up their impressions of day 2. A few highlights:
Webb got a lot of time in the slot cornerback position - and looked very good there.
Ikponmwosa Igbinosun , or "Ike" for those who have to take a break after typing their name, is being used primarily at DE, and also looked good.
DeVonte Holloman got a look as the Mike linebacker, and was better in coverage than expected.
Travis Frederick's biggest issue was handling defensive tackles who lined up in the gap and charged hard. They like to play close to their man, and needs to learn how to extend to keep this kind of rush off of the quarterback.
Finally, the staff at the mothership picked their standouts from the camp. Among the draftees, Webb got the most favorable reviews. Safety Jakar Hamilton was similarly the most noticed of the UDFA crop, and from the tryout players, there was no one who stood out for more than one writer, but a couple of players who were only with the team for the second day, running back Dominique Whaley and wide receiver Antoine Hicks, both got noticed by one of the staff writers.
Hope this whets your appetite for some Cowboys football. Now we look forward to the OTAs.
More reading:
News And Notes From Day 1 Of Cowboys' Rookie Minicamp
First Impressions From Cowboys Minicamp: What The Rookies Had To Say
Dallas Cowboys Injury Updates And Roster Moves
Median incomes picked up in all regions of the United States, across all age groups, and for most ethnic and racial groups, they said.
Related: Millennials Cause Home Ownership to Drop to Its Lowest Level Since 1965
Even so, median household income remains 2.4 percent below the peak it reached in 1999, when it was $57,909.
The proportion of Americans in poverty also fell sharply last year, to 13.5 percent from nearly 14.8 percent. That is the largest decline in poverty since 1999. There were 43.1 million people in poverty last year, 3.5 million fewer than in 2014.
The income gains and drop in poverty reflect ongoing gains in the job market, Renwick said. About 2.4 million more Americans found full-time, year-round jobs in 2015.
Americans are also likely benefiting from an increase in middle-income jobs. Many of the jobs created in the early years of the recovery have been in low-paying sectors, such as fast food restaurants and retail.
But according to a report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in 2014 and 2015 the growth of middle-income jobs in sectors such as shipping and construction outpaced the gains in lower-paying and higher-paying work.
On the cover of Chance the Rapper's Acid Rap, the 19-year-old rapper is lost in the woods, purple sky looming, their eyes wide, mind contorted. This is what one of hip-hop's most elite word-for-word, bar-for-bar rappers looks like in 2013: incredibly young, existentially confused, undoubtedly tripping balls, and rocking a tie-dye tank top. He's from Chicago — the notorious South Side, to be exact — rather than the traditional spitter center of New York City, and they are, along with a number of other youthful word nerds (and long-gestating veterans), pulling “lyricism” out of the codified pit of “real hip-hop” cliché and throwing it across every nook and cranny of the rap landscape.
Acid Rap (no. 2 on our 50 Best Albums of 2013 list) is an impressive, arresting display of furious styles, but it's also a well-observed and deeply empathetic album about growing up and trying to be decent — a good kid in a mad Midwestern city — whose songs inhabit a series of lost and half-found characters: wounded addicts, lusted-over high-school lab-mates, feckless dealers, a sweetheart dad, and young couples in love. It's got an open-eared palette of sub-regional sounds, crooned hooks, and vivid storytelling — one of those sprawling masterpieces you can't ignore. But a key element to its success is unquestionably old-fashioned, pen-and-pad writing and verbal acrobatics.
Now, don't tell the Migos fan in your circle of friends quite yet, but 2013 marks the return of good and proper hip-hop lyricism. It was the year where “chops” mattered, tugging along many of the year's most significant hip-hop records, sneaking onto the radio, owning the aesthetic of underground rappers young and old, and, inexplicably, turning into an attention-grabbing device that also cracked wide open the rap conversation about content and style.
Yes, we're talking about Kendrick Lamar's “Control” verse. In August, Lamar usurped Big Sean's Hall of Fame bonus track “Control” with an endless, epic tirade that took names, and then told those names to step up their game, for three straight minutes, making the caffeine-free Sean and former lyrical hope Jay Electronica negligible. For a few days, “Control” was all that Internet-rap insiders could talk about, and it strutted across rap-radio playlists, replete with plenty of rewinds, and lots of yelling about how “lyrics are back.” Responses from opportunistic MCs came swiftly, but none of them stuck or even existed in the same solar system as Kendrick's verse.
Meanwhile, Big Sean, J Cole, and Wale — all mentioned on “Control” as almost being on Kendrick's level, making it one of the more magnanimous diss songs of all time — released rappy, radio-friendly albums: Hall of Fame, Born Sinner, and The Gifted, respectively. There was a sense that these guys were trying to get their Kendrick on (especially Wale with their ponderous, spoken-word style), but just couldn't get there. Nevertheless, their MOR lyricism, now that rap has been fully absorbed into pop, is significant. We could use more J Cole and Wale types in the mainstream, for sure.
Then there's Eminem, who hasn't wavered from their Scribble Jam training, no matter how many dubstep wraiths are crooning over their tracks since Relapse, and marketed this year's The Marshall Mathers LP 2 as a rap frenzy, announcing it via “Berzerk,” a Rick Rubin-produced syllable attack. The rest of the record lives up to the single's all-rappy steez, making MMLP2 one of the weirdest and most inside-of-itself rap releases of all time. The only guest who gets a verse? Kendrick Lamar, of course. Em and Kendrick: two Dr. Dre-cosigned bug-out lyricists who are in a healthy competition with one another, it would seem. About the only person who could've topped Kendrick's “Control” verse would've been Em, which is precisely why they didn't record one, probably. Or maybe MMLP2 is an entire album of “Control” responses. Nevertheless, there's something strangely inspiring about Marshall Mathers taking it back, as it were. Their crossover-rap savvy gone, their pop-culture knowledge still stuck in 1998, and only their indefatigable skills left, they made the most rappingest record of the year — possibly of all time — and ended up at the center of chops-fueled hip-hop's 2013 return.
Kicking against that style of lyrical event-rap is a group of weeded young guns, less interested in dropping a statement on everybody's heads than simply killing time by ripping tracks into pieces. Wordplay as psychedelia is but one of the many moves on Acid Rap, but Earl Sweatshirt's blunted, dense Doris; the MF Doom-derived melted boom-bap of Mac Miller's Watching Movies With the Sound Off; and Chance collaborator Vic Mensa's stoner suite INNANETAPE see rap as a shit-talking, Cheez Doodle-gobbling, acid-dropping poetical end in and of itself. Just dudes — and they are most certainly dudes — letting their brains drain with word-associative rhyme-stacking. (Quoth Earl: “With stress niggas could flex metal with, peddle to rake pennies in / Desolate testaments trying to stay Jekyll-ish / But most niggas Hyde, and Brenda just stay preg-a-nant.” Whew.)
Meanwhile, plenty of underrated veterans dug in and made closed-circuit, lyrics-driven records that derived their power from not caring one bit what listeners outside of their core fanbase would want or demand. Danny Brown's Old functioned as a traditionalist affront to many of their fans who know them as the diamond-hard hipster-friendly MC of their 2011 breakthrough, XXX. This time they eschew funny, druggy raps for dense, dark songs about addiction delivered in a battle-rap confessional style. And Clipse's Pusha T finally decided to transcend their diminishing returns as a bit-player courter of the mainstream with My Name Is My Name, a grinding, baroque Yeezus footnote featuring some of their most fervid and witty punch lines in years. At the forefront of the Old Head, New Lyricism movement is Brownville rapper Ka, whose The Night's Gambit is full of Rakim-esque, super-tight rhymes whispered over near-ambient stirs of soul and psych samples. There's nothing like it. And Roc Marciano, the frequent collaborator — really, the only other guy in this barely-there boom-bap movement — released records called The Pimpire Strikes Back and Marci Beaucoup.
The opposite of this monk-like patience is the chops-on-chops-on-chops style of Tech N9ne, whose Something Else is non-stop fast-rap; also signed to Tech's Strange Music label is speedy, white working-class MC Rittz, whose debut The Life and Times of Jonny Valiant arrived earlier this year. And don't forget R.A. the Rugged Man's drunk-and-creepy-uncle virtuosity on Legends Never Die or Da Mafia 6ix's 6ix Commandments, which looks back to Three 6 Mafia ‘s satanic-cipher origins and culminates in a nine-minute, 12-person posse cut.
Overall, 2013 was a year of void-staring drone, represented in rap by Kanye West's Yeezus, a purposefully half-formed, first-thought-best-thought spleen-vent, and Death Grips' Frankenstein-stitched screech Government Plates. But don't forget terrorizing tag team Killer Mike and El-P on Run the Jewels, which took Rubin-esque pound-smack slap-rap and didn't let lyrics fall by the wayside (like Kanye) or devolve into overwhelming word-spew (like Eminem), a nice antidote to the kind of noise rap that emphasizes noise over rap just a little too much.
A focus on lyrics assisted in the slow death of embattled regionalism as well. New York hip-hop and Southern rap have been arguing since the late '90s, but when that beef's being played out between New York's Maino (a grumpy po-face no one takes seriously) and Trinidad Jame$ (an ATLien who doesn't even take themselves seriously), then perhaps it's time to drop the regional animus altogether. New York's chops-addled rappers aren't tradition-addicted grumps without personality (see Action Bronson's Saab Stories and Blue Chips 2; Homeboy Sandman's Kool Herc: Fertile Crescent and All That I Hold Dear; Le1f's Fly Zone and Tree House; and Underachievers' Indigoism and The Lords of Flatbush). Meanwhile, Don Trip and Starlito (Step Brothers Two); Kevin Gates (The Luca Brasi Story and Stranger Than Fiction); Gunplay (Acquitted); and Young Dro (Day Two and High Times) prove that the South in 2013 isn't anything close to the strawman of mumbling strip-club shouters. Skills are — or at least should be — the great equalizer, regardless of which city you rep.
Which brings us back to Chance the Rapper's Acid Rap, a distinctly Chicago-proud album that nonetheless has no patience for factionalism of any kind. Guests include Action Bronson and Black Hippy's Ab-Soul, plus fast-rap king Twista, while Chance remembers the first time they heard J Dilla and, despite the record's consciousness-raising rap tendencies, sends a big fat shout-out to Chief Keef on “Juice,” preemptively swatting down any chance that a certain kind of rap fan (the kind who really values lyrics) will contrast the two.
On “Good Ass Intro” and “Everything's Good (Good Ass Outro),” the tracks that begin and end the album, Chance melodically squawks like mixtape run-era Lil Wayne before slowly molting into their own conversational-technician style. As they weave through a constantly adjusting beat that busily ties bar-rock piano, soaring John Coltrane horns, and the hop-skip-jump stutters of their hometown's underground juke and footwork scenes — Chance's fall Social Experiment Tour even featured producer DJ Rashad, whose footwork-freaky I Don't Give a Fuck EP ranked as SPIN's No. 24 album of the year — Acid Rap becomes a knotty tour de force.
Chance indulges themselves on “Good Ass Intro” in particular: lurching forward, slowing up to sing, speeding up to become a machine gun, slapping against pop-pop-pop percussion, walking into the middle of rap's shittin'-on-you-crumbs boasting tradition, turning the entire thing back to '90s abstraction, and touching on the #hashtag hot nonsense of the ‘aughts:
Call me Chancellor the Rapper, please say ‘the Rapper'
Magical word, poof! Please say ‘cadabra'
Replay the replays, Green Bay, the Packers
Cremate your teammates and freebase the ashes
Matches to gas leaks dusted dusk til' dawn
It's just us, and trust ya bottom bitch, my stuff the fucking bomb
I'm the motherfucking fucker, fucking nigga's fucking dumb
This is your favorite fucking album and I ain't even fucking done
That “please say ‘the Rapper'” caveat is crucial. Even among respected hip-hop stars, the very term has become something like a dirty word. There's the “I'm a hustler, not a rapper” shtick plenty of greats have thrown out there to protect their necks from being called saviors; there's the more high-minded “MC” tag; and there's the bigger-than-hip-hop rhetoric of Kanye, who is “a God,” and Jay-Z, who is still considered the best, but is still more interested in telling you that he's a business person (and a business, man). There's nothing wrong with being a rapper in 2013. But Chance, well, he's a rapper and they want you to know it. Scratch that: He's the rapper.
Final score: Jets 24, Vikings 30
Full list of the Top 20 Games of 2014
The progression, or regression, of a young quarterback in the minds of the masses can rest on the outcome of a single play. Heck, not even a play. It can be a simple throw, a single read.
In the case of our 19th top game of 2014, the tale of two quarterbacks, and perhaps their legacies going forward, hinged on a single instance of both.
Up until Week 14 versus the Jets, Teddy Bridgewater had played to relatively mixed reviews. While they seemed to be ahead of Blake Bortles and most assuredly Johnny Football (who had barely lifted a football to this point), many thought Derek Carr to be playing the best among the rookie QBs. That said, Bridgewater had their moments, like a clutch touchdown scamper in a win over Atlanta, as well as overcoming an eight-sack drubbing to the Lions in front of the home folk.
If resilience was a strength of the Louisville product, then preparation was a virtue. Throughout the Vikings organization we heard a slew of positives about Bridgewater's work ethic and their investment in the team. We hadn't heard the same about the second-year quarterback on the other sideline, the much-maligned Geno Smith.
On this day, the fortunes of both were on full display as the future for one seemed as bright as the other's did bleak. And in the middle, the Jets and Vikings traded scores and big plays in what turned out to be a heck of a game.
Enter Bridgewater's big decision, or, in this case, read.
When the defenders prematurely showed their hand during Bridgewater's silent count they checked to a wide receiver screen to Jarius Wright on the strong side of the field. This would be a relatively safe throw and give their wide receiver an extra blocker. With no safeties back, one missed tackle meant one big play for the offense. It was a heady decision by a prepared player. They had done the exact same thing versus the Falcons, hitting Wright for a 52-yard gain. Wouldn't that be nice here?
Boom. Wright caught the ball, shook Jaiquawn Jarrett's tackle, and was gone, 87 yards to the house. Ball game. All because of one quick decision.
And it might have never been.
The Jets were chasing points from the get go. On the game's first possession, and Geno Smith's first toss, the game saw its first score. And no, it wasn't a long bomb for the offense. Vikings linebacker Gerald Hodges jumped on a slant to Percy Harvin and took it to the house. Just like that, Gang Green was down 7-zip.
It was a simple slant route, a throw every quarterback makes multiple times per game. Yet, for Smith, it represented the culmination of nearly two seasons of muddy play. They had been bad, even awful, but there was always hope among Jets faithful (a notoriously negative bunch) that they could turn the proverbial corner. But throwing a pick-six on the first play of the game? Too much. It was the first play of Jets-Vikings on every highlight show that night, and the epitaph was written, irrespective of the fact that they played viably the rest of the day.
Smith would dominate the Dolphins three weeks later, throwing four touchdowns in Miami and polishing off the season with a pristine Week 17 passer rating of 158.3.
Nobody cared.
Fair or not, the outcome of a single play can often outweigh weeks of action by a quarterback as we saw first-hand in this under-the-radar thriller.
If you Instagram every cocktail and basket of fries you order with this person, you need to have sex. No one Instagrams food they eat with people they don't want to have sex with. In fact, if you tag each other on Facebook consistently when you're out doing things together, even things as pointless as going to the post office, you're basically wearing a massive I WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU AND I WANT THE WORLD TO KNOW sign. It's the ultimate declaration of modern romance.
If you keep poking each other on Facebook knowing full well that a) no one does that anymore, and b) everyone knows what that means, you need to have sex. Similarly, if they're the only person you ever want to talk to on Facebook chat, which no one ever willingly uses, you need to have sex. If they post hilarious and timely memes on your wall, by all means have sex, but under no circumstances should you have sex with them if they keep writing “miss u” or “<3 <3 <3 <3” because it's clear they obviously have some attachment issues. There's a delicate balance.
If they favorite everything you tweet, you need to have sex. People only retweet things when they're particularly funny or interesting, basically being like “This is cool enough to belong on my Twitter feed too, so why not,” but favoriting someone's tweet is like saying “I love this thing you said, but it'd be kind of weird and too personal to put it out there for everyone to see so I'll just save it here to read fifty times more later.” This doesn't apply all the time, but favoriting is like internet pheromones: you just know.
If you interact in any way on Tumblr, you obviously need to have sex. But then again everyone on Tumblr just needs to have sex with each other. Just a massive internet orgy of political correctness and hipbones and love.
If they know about random nerdy things you're obsessed with, that's also a clear indicator that you need to have sex. For example, if a light starts flickering and they make a reference to Kant, you need to have sex. If you're going to the store for flowers and they quote Mrs. Dalloway, you need to have sex (or not, if you hated that book, but probably have sex anyway just for the sharp pickup). If you blow out a candle and they start quoting Macbeth, have sex right then and there, they've earned it. You get the idea.
Also, if they're the only person you have consistently drunk text that is not your ex (but it's possible that they could be your ex; if the English language hadn't intended that sort of thing, those words wouldn't rhyme, duh), you need to have sex. That's just how it goes. Plus, if over half of your text messages contain various combinations of <3 and ;), stop technologically masturbating and have sex already. No one sends that many winky faces for no reason, unless they're not from this country and just think it's cute. But even then you can't be too sure.
If they give you backrubs without complaining it's because they want to have sex with you. Seriously — if you're ever curious if someone wants to have sex, ask for a backrub. There's a point at which even your significant other stops giving you backrubs. No one ever wants to give anyone a backrub unless they're doing it for money or they want to have sex. And if the backrub lasts more than five minutes, that means they also deeply care for you as a person.
And if they go out of their way to bring you snacks, you absolutely need to have sex. Bonus if they bring you snacks when you're hungover. Double bonus if you're hungover together and they actually volunteer to get out of bed and get the snacks — forget the sex, it's true love. Also, if they know your Starbucks order by heart without having to ask you, you need to have sex. If they know it changes by season, extra sex. And if they know the difference between a cappuccino and a macchiato, that's a marriage situation.
Well it's another day for the Lamestream Media such as PostScript and David Ignatius to ignore the Obama administration's incredibly impeachable offenses in the Benghazi debacle in September. We ignore them so thoroughly that, this being a Lamestream Media site, none of you have even heard of Benghazi or Obama's amazingly vast impeachable offenses, whatever those may be. They're super impeachable, and the Lamestream Media is ignoring them, is the point.
Ignatius managed to write an entire column on Benghazi while ignoring the issue completely, something they have done several times, which never fails to impress PostScript. They have heard a lot of comments, callers, voice mails and letters deploring how no one is talking about Benghazi, but they rarely see a journalist commit so thoroughly to not talking about Benghazi, even in their own column about Benghazi. Indeed, PostScript learned from the comments on this column, not only does the column not exist, but it also could have been written by the Obama administration, carries water for the administration, and is just one more cover-up. The only existing stories about Benghazi are found on Fox News and Web sites with names like ISureHateJournalists.com. And until we run THOSE stories in the Post, we will forevermore be ignoring this important story.
WHEW. The PostScript Bunker is glad to have that off the PostScript Bunker's chest. It tends to gather like fog and weigh everything down. PostScript can now continue like a normal person.
Yes, these comments, and telephone calls, and letters, and e-mails, and voice mails have been arriving in bursts, as though part of a campaign, and they tend to come coupled with remarks that the writer never respected The Post anyway and goes elsewhere for news (though to us when they'd rather supply commentary.) As the great Karen Tumulty tweeted just seconds ago, as PostScript was busy freaking out, above:
@ktumulty: Dear people who keep e-mailing me: A #wapo website search of “Benghazi” brings up 478 results in last 60 days.
There are a couple more things you could do to keep the Lamestream Media ignoring you: Write unproven assertions or debunked Internet myths as if they are facts (the sexual assault of Ambassador Chris Stevens is PostScript's unfavorite); accompany your really incredible insight and unpublished info on the situation with a lot of unrelated Obama invective; time your complaints with 400 of your similarly worded buddies all in the span of 15 minutes.
(NOTE TO POSTSCRIPT'S BASE: They DoN'T MEAN YOU.)
WHEW. Okay, Bunker Chest totally clear now, PostScript promises. You can no longer wound them
Voice_of_Reason speculates as to why we're still waiting for answers to Ignatius's questions. It might be the fallout from the political problems they got by speaking too soon about the attacks last time:
When bad things happen, if you point the finger, you better know what you are talking about!! If you politicize those issues, you are the one that is going look guilty.
aaronweiner thinks even Ignatius's curiosity is unseemly, that they might be co-opted by the purported scandal:
I'm going with the entire military and diplomatic establishment that's standing together in unison saying that this is a terrible, tragic event and that there was nothing they could, or should, have done.
Yes, I understand the curiosity about the situation, and yes, I'd like a timeline of events, too. But to get on board with this conspiracy nonsense means, apparently, that Mr. Ignatius — like the rest of us — has been saturated with the conspiracy nonsense enough times that it takes on a fig leaf of plausibility.
Kayadogg thinks the complaints are keeping people from paying more attention:
Actually, it probably goes to the same place as Fast & Furious — tragic but overused for political purposes.
SteveR1 wishes this column had a more eye-catching headline:
Hurricane Sandy is the crisis of the moment that deserves coverage. But in terms of the Benghazi boondoggle look at the (large eye-catching) headlines: “Storm provides Obama with a commander-in-chief moment.” and “Romney goes off-road with the truth”. I hope that the significance of the Benghazi boondoggle is not lost to the general population.
And edbyronadams makes an interesting point: The secrecy works for Mitt Romney:
Even without a full accounting by the president for who made the decision to stand down, which we are never going to get before Tuesday, this story provides a good get-out-the-vote motivator for their opposition.
PostScript, cynical hack that they are, would go ever further: If the administration released its timeline of events answering Ignatius's questions say, today, would anyone really believe it wouldn't be sanitized and spun? If it exonerated the administration, who would believe it was a full accounting? If it was slightly damning, we'd assume the truth is way worse. It would have to be a full-on admission from Barack Obama that they have been al-Qaeda all this time for us to believe it was the real whole entire report. Even if it looked like a treat, it would be impossible not to feel like we were being tricked.
Feature: Holiday Gift Guide 2014
Lost Breweries of Toronto [Book]
Explore the bygone breweries of Toronto as author Jordan St. John takes you through the lost landmarks which once brought intoxicating brews to the city's masses. 155 pages – illustrated paperback.
$21.99 | Buy
Beerology: Everything You Need To Know To Enjoy Beer [Book]
Canada's Master Cicerone Mirella Amato takes you on a beginner's journey through the world of beer including history, brewing process, tasting, food pairing and more.
$15.46 | Buy
Holiday Beer Packs
Check LCBO stors across Ontario for assorted craft beer bundles from Railway City, Double Trouble, Steam Whistle, King Brewery, Beau's, Mill St., and more!
$12+ | Buy
The Brew Box – Holiday Edition
Choosing from the Ultimate Secret Santa of the Gift Discovery Box, the Brew Box Co. will assemble an assortment of unique Ontario craft beers, swag and glassware depending on the options selected.
$55-$95 | Buy
Ontario Beer: A Heady History of Brewing from the Great Lakes to the Hudson Bay [Book]
Authors Jordon St. John and Alan McLeod recollect the history of brewing beer in Ontario from the 1670s to present complete with illustrations. 176 pages.
$21.99 | Buy
Prud'homme® Beer Enthusiast (Level I) E-Learning
From Canada's only major beer certification, this interactive program uses state of the art design and development and has the learner's interest at heart. Each module can be completed independently and at your discretion.
$199 | Buy
Craft Brewery Swag and Merchandise
Give the give of craft beer merchandise from some of Ontario's best craft brewers including glassware, apparel and more from this joint venture between Toronto Brewing Co. and Mom ‘n Hops.
$3+ | Buy
TAPS The Beer Magazine
For thirteen years Canada's only national beer publicaton has offered an informative look at the world of beer in Canada and around the world from a uniquely Canadian perspective Available in both print and digital versions.
$14+ | Buy
The Old Toronto Beer Tour
Celebrating a passion for beer, food and travel, The Old Toronto Beer Tour is an all day Saturday tour that explores the culture and history of Toronto against the backdrop of its rich brewing heritage both past and present.
$129-$179 | Buy
Brew Donkey Eastern Ontario Brewery Tours
Your gateway to the Ottawa Valley's craft beer scene and beyond, Brew Donkey tours operate on Saturdays year-round. Brew Donkey also offers craft beer home delivery service in the Ottawa area.
$75+ | Buy
Beer of the Month Clubs
The Brew Box – $55-$105 | Buy
$55-$105 | Buy Amazing Clubs Beer of the Month Club – $150+ | Buy
$150+ | Buy Saavy Hip Hops – $60-$80 | Buy
Bonus Ideas
Gift Cards to your local brewery or brewpub
Ottawa Craft Beer Coaster Collection – $49+ | Buy
$49+ | Buy The Canadian Craft Beer Cookbook by David Ort – $18.77 | Buy
Featured image courtest of The Brew Head
In ballet, we are faced with choices every day… We have to make artistic choices, technical choices, life choices… And these choices define us as dancers, but more importantly, they define you as an individual. These choices translate into our dancing and give an emotional depth to explore to music. Sometimes, I wonder if I would have been a better dancer back in the day if I experienced more of life…
I have always questioned the ability if a young person can perform a leading role… For example, how can a sixteen-year-old girl perform second act Giselle if they haven't lost a major love? The list goes on… but that isn't why I am writing tonight… though, I probably should…(FYI THIS IS NOT A BALLET POST)
Tonight, I am plagued with this idea of being committed to your work and your craft. It is hard for ballet dancers to date while dancing, the time constraint, the work demand and so forth… To top it off, having kids and starting a family is always an afterthought because you are focused on your career…. It is no surprise that most ballet dancers don't get married and start families until after they become principal dancers… Having a baby while in the corps is almost a death sentence.
I guess the same goes for any career… When I started in fashion, I was so engulfed in the work that every personal relationship I ever had gone up in flames, by choice. I chose to work 24/7 and put my career first… Now, as I am transitioning out of fashion, and canceling like 30 magazine subscriptions and clearing my social calendar for ballet performances to review… I am realizing, I am falling into the same pattern…
Somehow, my life has become all consumed with this blog… Maybe it is just a personality trait of a ballet dancer to be obsessive and dedicated… but maybe for me it is time to create a healthier balance… My office cluttered with ballet books with pages full of notes and post-its, old issues of Pointe Magazine, and printouts of current reviews… It isn't much different from when I worked in fashion… It may have been naive to think that the blog would give me freedom to date, have more time with my friends and family… but I am finding that it doesn't work that way… Not if you want to be successful…
Sure, we learn early on as a ballet dancer that you have to give up a lot…. sleepovers with your friends on Friday nights because you have company class Saturday mornings… giving up the freedom to eat whatever you want…. Giving up school dancers and for some even prom… You sacrifice your summers to elite programs… You sacrifice your afternoons and evenings to training… A lot of kids give up “regular” school to spend more time in ballet classes, or balance out sleep and dancing… The list goes on and on… and that isn't even the list of sacrifices parents have to make!
But is it enough?
I set today aside so I can actually take care of my personal life… like pick up the dry cleaning, do laundry, grocery shop, and have dinner with friends… But instead, I spent 3 hours on the phone with the postal service has they have lost packages, or I had to file claims for broken mugs… I spent an hour talking to a client, and after I thought I had completed the project, I am starting all over again… Edgar is freaking out because they have made a couple shipping mistakes, which I know happens… and I can't be mad at them because he's helping me out big time! (As an FYI, Edgar comes into the warehouse around 8AM-Noon before they go to their regular sales rep job in fashion… Not to mention we are about to go on holiday because their birthday is this weekend)
Don't get me wrong, I love this blog… and I love what I do, and what I am able to do… I just question… if ballet dancers have this obsessive trait, how do we balance real life? Were we born this way, or did ballet condition us to be self-loathing, hoping for a Sleeping Beauty Romance, obsessive compulsive individual … Maybe it is loneliness, or maybe it is the fact that all of my friends are either married with kids or engaged… it could be a plethora of things… But at dinner today, while listening to friends talk about planning their weddings, and yet again I have to be in another wedding… I wondered if it will ever be my turn? Or will I always be married to my work? This post isn't about me having a pity party, okay, maybe… it is a little bit…
I just wonder about it all… On other notes… Houston Ballet is killing it on Social Media with the gearing up for their last performance… San Fran Ballet just landed in Iceland to start their tour performance. Jeffrey Cirio and Isabella Boylston killed in La Fille Mal Gardée last night at the Met… ABT has been having a rather successful run this season. Boston Ballet is ending their run of Swan Lake with a killer review… Not to mention ENB is gearing up for Swan Lake in the round…
Most of you are graduating, or getting ready to head off to summer programs… Which is super exciting! Don't forget to check out some of last year's summer program posts!
Advertisements
Residents continued cleaning up Thursday, during another round of storms, after a tornado was confirmed in the area Wednesday. NBC 6's Amanda Plasencia has the details. (Published Thursday, Jan. 28, 2016)
Cleanup continues Thursday after a confirmed tornado touchdown in Broward County, Florida, Wednesday that injured at least one person, flipped over cars, damaged the roof of a condo complex and left hundreds without power.
A witness who saw the tornado pass by on the Florida Turnpike posted video to YouTube showing just how heavy the winds were.
A survey team from the National Weather Service in Miami confirmed the tornado touched down in Coconut Creek Wednesday morning.
"When they called me at work and said a tornado hit the house, I was in a panic attack. Hard to believe that could happen here," said Cintra Bhagreg, who had tornado property damage.
Severe thunderstorm warnings were being released throughout the day Wednesday. A flood advisory was also in effect until 7 p.m. in Broward.
Officials said strong winds picked up a southbound vehicle on the Florida Turnpike in Coconut Creek and dropped it in the northbound lanes Wednesday morning.
Broward Fire Rescue spokesperson Mike Jachles said one person was injured. They did not know just how many vehicles were overturned. The Turnpike southbound was completely shut down at Sample Road.
As of 10:40 a.m., only one right lane continued to be blocked, according to NBC 6 traffic reporter Kelly Blanco. The off-ramp remained closed as of 12:30 p.m.
South Florida Storm Photos
Motorists were advised to use I-95 or US-441 as alternates.
Broward Emergency Management Director Miguel Ascarrunz said the agency was monitoring the situation and trying to assess the damage. They said only a couple of minor injuries were reported.
"The good news, there are no reports of major injuries or deaths from this event," Ascarrunz said.
The severe weather also knocked out power for hundreds of customers. According to Florida Power & Light, 368 outages were reported in Broward County, along with 467 outages reported in Miami-Dade.
Henry Cabrera of the Coconut Creek police said at least six cars were tossed around a parking lot at Broward College North Campus. A couple cars were found stacked on top of each other and a truck was on its side.
Officials also said a nearby condominium complex had roof damage.
College officials emailed students at the north campus, advising them to take precautions because of severe weather. The turnpike is near the campus.
The college issued the following statement:
"At Broward College, the health, safety and welfare of the College community is of utmost importance. This morning, we learned of a severe weather advisory in the area of our North Campus. The established procedures were followed, and a notice was immediately sent out through the College-wide BC Alert system via phone calls, text messages, social media and the Broward College website. The situation is currently being accessed as emergency personnel complete their investigation. Broward College will continue to monitor the advisories and send additional alerts as needed."
Classes at the North Campus were canceled through 5 p.m. Wednesday, with classes after 5 p.m. expected to resume as scheduled.
The National Weather Service issued a tornado warning for parts of Broward and Palm Beach counties earlier Wednesday. It has since expired.
The Broward Outreach Center reported damage to some trees and a playground, but officials said the center remained fully operational Wednesday.
Businesses in Pompano Beach also reported damage. Plycon Van Lines at 1751 Blount Road reported that several trucks were overturned, while the Whole Foods Market at 2411 N. Federal Highway also reported damages.
Cars Flipped After Rough Weather
Cars were tossed after a tornado seems to have touched down in Broward College North Campus, Florida. (Published Wednesday, Jan. 27, 2016)
Stay with NBC 6 for updates on this developing story.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 6 South Florida
If 2016 has taught us anything it is that people define democracy as getting what they want. If they win an election, it was fair. If they lose, it was rigged.
Democracy is in crisis, says the Left, because, from America to Britain to Italy and beyond, the people keep making the wrong choices.
Take the United States. Donald Trump's victory was a surprise — we get that. It was narrow, for sure. And it was controversial — no doubt. But it happened.
What ought to obsess the Democrats and the media is what they intend to do next. Their cabinet choices suggest Trump will govern the way they ran, from the Right, and that they aren't afraid of confronting the consensus on everything from climate change to relations with Russia. There's so much to scrutinise.
Unfortunately, the Democrats and the media would prefer to engage in a ceaseless critique of their victory in the hope that it'll go away. The latest claim is that Moscow swung the election. The CIA has apparently concluded that Russia hacked into Democratic email accounts with the specific intention of embarrassing Clinton and helping Trump win. Many liberals are convincing themselves that the election was fixed. The debate was distorted by “fake news”. The Republicans stole votes in the rust belt. And Clinton actually won the national popular vote — so can we re-run the election?!
The answer is no, of course; but that won't prevent millions from refusing to regard Trump as the genuine democratic choice. The Republicans have every right to be angry about this. Perhaps Russia did try to affect the election, and that ought to be investigated and exposed. But there's no evidence that they succeeded. WikiLeaks did not play a big role in 2016 — its revelations were small fry.
The FBI, which resurrected claims that Hillary did something wrong with their email account, had far greater impact. And all that WikiLeaks and the FBI did was reinforce decades-old suspicions that Clinton is a liar.
Democrats' dark arts
The scandals had very little impact. Also, didn't the Democrats employ a few dark arts themselves? Did they not stack the primary process to Hillary's advantage? It's surprising, too, that the Democrats suddenly care so much about the transparency of the voting process, having rejected Republican warnings about potential fraud for years.
But the Left isn't big on self-awareness. Consider the campaign of Jill Stein, the Green presidential candidate, to recount votes in the states that swung it for Trump on the rather rude assumption that because they won they must have cheated. Trump won Wisconsin by a margin of about 27,000 votes; Stein got 30,000 votes there. Trump took Michigan by 11,000; Stein got 50,000.
So there are at least two states that arguably were lost not because of a conspiracy by the Right but because of divisions on the Left.
The militant Remainers are playing a similar game in the UK. They question not only the referendum result but the referendum itself. It doesn't count, they say, because the Leave campaign lied.
Leave would dispute that — but so what if they did? Have you ever known an election in which a politician didn't fib? It's up to the voters to play detective, and most of them are smart enough to sort the fact from the fiction. I have yet to meet the sucker who voted Leave to save the NHS.
“The referendum was only advisory!” cry the Remainers. The legal arguments against this are mountainous and they boil down to “no it wasn't.” But even if it was, there's still a moral imperative to accept the result.
If the referendum had come out for Remain and Parliament had a Euro-sceptic majority that decided to plan for Brexit anyway, what would the Europhiles be saying then? That the referendum result was holy writ. But because they lost, they bring their lawyers and their peers and they invoke — of all things! — the importance of Parliament, because there they hope they have a majority for Remain.
Enter Tim Farron's Liberal Democrats, a party whose very name is an oxymoron. Liberal? Maybe. But Democratic? The two no longer mix.
The Lib Dems have been banging on for decades about the importance of electoral reform only in so far as they thought it would get them more seats. Now that the exercise of democracy has produced a result they don't like, they suddenly despise the exercise of democracy. Their shameless hypocrisy is shown in their fluctuating support for an EU referendum. First, they demanded an in/out referendum. Then, when it looked like a plebiscite might actually be held, they opposed it. Having lost it, they now want another one.
“Let the people decide,” said Farron, knowing full well that they already have. The chutzpah doesn't end there. Having labelled a democratic outcome as somehow anti-democratic, they also insist that the Leavers — like Trump in the US — are dangerous authoritarians. Theresa May, Nigel Farage, and the populist Right want a Putin-style police state, apparently — and democratic support for them is a sad turning away from democracy. If you're struggling to follow that logic then it's because the word “democracy” is losing its meaning.
Many liberals are quite happy for the state to be powerful so long as they are in control of it, and elections go their way. A democracy ceases to be a democracy when it moves to the Right. Then we need Jill Stein or Tim Farron to clean up our mess and restore order.
Let's not be naive: conservatives play these word games, too. Trump had said that the presidential election was rigged before he'd even won it. Farage said he'd continue to fight for Brexit when they assumed that he'd lost the referendum. Perhaps our politics would be more honest if both sides admitted that they want power and don't care as much about process as they pretend to. But this means that the process is sadly diminished.
Some people are at risk of forgetting that democratic elections are wonderful, splendid human achievements — even if you don't win them. And critical engagement with the victors is far, far more valuable than being a loud, sore loser.
— The Telegraph Group Limited, London 2016
MCrider.com – free online motorcycle training by video
New motorcycle class videos released weekly. Improve your braking, cornering, body position & more on your motorcycle. All videos shot and produced by a professional motorcycle instructor in the Dallas / Ft. Worth area. They are offered free of charge as a gift back to the motorcycling community. MCrider was launched with a simple goal: to help motorcycle riders get better at their craft. MCrider offers advanced motorcycle training and skills, new rider training and strategies to help you navigate the roads. MCrider is passionate about riding motorcycles with the ultimate goal: Put the motorcycle where your want it on the road…when you want it to be there.
There are 100's of YouTube channels out there that show others riding motorcycles but very few that show you how to ride a motorcycle. In fact I have 100's of videos on YouTube that show motorcycle road trips, demo rides and product reviews. But, with MCrider I wanted to offer something different, using video and solid motorcycle instruction to provide some real value to the motorcycling community.
Motorcycle training based in Dallas / Ft. Worth, TX
All videos shot & produced by a MSF & Total Control certified instructor in Ft. Worth, TX. MCrider can not substitute for hands-on motorcycle training. If you have not taken a hands-on motorcycle class, find one in your local area, a good source is the Motorcycle Safety Foundation & Total Control. Each video on MCrider will feature a specific topic related to motorcycle control and or strategy. It will provide you some real world examples on how to apply this technique to your own riding. Our classes are mini motorcycle training videos available to you 24 hours a day 365 days a year. Watch a video and apply the riding technique to your next ride.
MCrider releases a weekly video every Tuesday morning on the subject of motorcycle control and strategy. MCrider videos and the associated web site is produced by Kevin Morris, a professional motorcycle instructor located in Dallas / Ft Worth, TX. All videos are filmed in Dallas / Ft Worth, Texas and edited in a garage / studio / man cave. 🙂 You are responsible for your own safety, please train responsibly.
• Captain 'deserves' the one medal that eludes him, says striker • Results more important than performances now, says Sturridge
Daniel Sturridge has said that Liverpool's players are desperate to win the Premier League title for their long-serving captain, Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool, moved two points clear at the top of the table with Sunday's 4-0 thrashing of Tottenham Hotspur, and Sturridge admitted that an extra motivating factor for the squad is the prospect of Gerrard winning the Premier League for the first time. It is the one major club trophy Liverpool's captain is missing and Sturridge said the rest of the squad is determined to help Gerrard, 33, achieve their dream.
"If we win it, Stevie really deserves it, they should win the Premier League because of everything they have done for this club," Sturridge said. "Every player in this team will do their best to help them achieve that goal.
"He's just unbelievable every day, a great leader. They live and dies for this club, he's been here their whole career and it's just a great pleasure to be able to play with him.  They are the perfect example for every young player around the country – in fact a real example for every player.
"He's been so loyal to Liverpool – they have been world class and still is world class. Stevie will always be a legend not just for Liverpool, but to England as well. They will definitely go down in history as one of the best midfielders in the game, never mind just this club."
However, Sturridge urged Liverpool not to get ahead of themselves now that the Premier League title is in sight, and has admitted that results are more important than performances in their remaining six games.
Liverpool will win the league for the first time since 1990 if they win their final six matches. They have won their past eight matches and are the division's top scorers with 88 goals, which is largely down to Sturridge's deadly partnership with Luis Suárez.
Yet Sturridge, who has scored 20 league goals, struck a cautious note when they said that teams will seek to frustrate them during the run-in, pointing to the way that Sunderland defended deep at Anfield last Wednesday. Liverpool won that match 2-1 but endured some nervy moments.
"You saw it against Sunderland that teams will come and be really compact, and try to close down all the spaces against us," Sturridge said. "That makes it difficult. But from now it is all about the results, that's all that matters, so we won't worry about anything else.
"The important thing is just to keep working hard as a team and if we do that, I am sure we will continue to get the results. There are still six games to go, every one of them huge, so we will not get too excited just yet."
In the past, Samsung has had problems with what we here at BGR often refer to as “feature spam.” As was most painfully apparent in last year's Galaxy S4, the company developed the habit of stuffing as many gimmicky new features as possible into its phones, thinking that all this clutter might appeal to a wider range of users. Samsung clearly recognized the problem beginning with last year's Galaxy Note 3, however, and it has since shifted its focus to refinement and the addition of a few new features to each device that are actually useful.
With the Galaxy S5, Samsung continues that trend. In fact, many of the features the company added to the Galaxy S5 aren't just useful, they're awesome. Many are also unique, and what better way to illustrate that than by comparing the S5 to the most popular smartphone on the planet, Apple's iPhone 5s.
Each of these great flagship phones has advantages over the other, but there's no denying that Samsung's new smartphone packs a few nifty features that the iPhone just doesn't have. Here are 10 of our favorites:
TV and component remote — Apple's iPhone can be used as a remote to control certain devices like the Apple TV. Third parties have also built apps that can be used to control various devices like televisions and Blu-ray players over Wi-Fi. But the Galaxy S5 has a built-in infrared blaster that can control just about any media device on the planet that uses a standard IR remote.
Watch full 1080p HD video — Though the device itself is among the most comfortable to use, the iPhone's tiny screen isn't terribly good for watching videos. At least not compared to smartphones with larger displays.
The Retina display is still a beauty but no matter how you slice it, you'll never be able to watch 1,920 x 1,080-pixel videos at full quality on the iPhone's 1,136 x 640-pixel screen.
Expand the memory — As cheap as microSD cards are these days, it's more annoying now than it has ever been before when gadget makers force consumers to cough up an extra $100 or $200 for a smartphone with more storage.
Apple charges a $200 premium for an extra 48GB of storage on the iPhone, bumping space up to 64GB from 16GB. Meanwhile, a brand-name microSD card with 64GB of storage costs less than $50.
Thankfully, Samsung's Galaxy S5 includes a microSD slot and microSDXC support, so it will work with cards up to 128GB in size.
Swap the battery — The iPhone 5s has pretty good battery life compared to some phones, but there's still no way it will last through a full day of very heavy use. The Galaxy S5 might not make it through a crazy day either, but at least S5 users have the option of carrying a spare battery to pop in when their main battery gets too low.
A portable battery charger accomplishes the same thing of course, but with added bulk.
Survive being submerged in water — The Galaxy S5 can survive a spill or a dunk with no problem. In fact, it's certified to be water-resistant for 30 minutes at a depth of up to three feet, so you can even take pictures underwater if you want.
If you drop your iPhone 5s in three feet of water, prepare to buy a new iPhone 5s.
Make secure payments with your fingerprint — The iPhone 5s has a fingerprint scanner, but its utility is severely limited by the fact that, well, Apple doesn't let anyone do anything interesting with it. Touch ID can unlock the phone and authenticate App Store purchases, but that's it.
Samsung's fingerprint scanner technology might not be as smooth as Apple's, but a deal with PayPal means you can actually use it to pay for goods. What's more, upcoming deals will further expand the scanner's utility since Samsung is open to working with partners.
Shoot 4K video — 1080p is so 2013. This year is all about 4K.
Ok, not really.
4K video playback is still confined to pricier high-end TVs and monitors, but Samsung's Galaxy S5 is future-proof in that regard. In the coming year or two when the prices of 4K devices really start to drop, S5 users will have plenty of homemade content ready to go.
Monitor your heart rate — There are a bunch of third-party apps that can use the camera on the iPhone to monitor your heart rate, but those solutions aren't quite as comprehensive as the dedicated heart rate monitor on the Galaxy S5.
While heart rate monitoring and data is isolated to the third-party apps in question on the iPhone, the monitor on the Galaxy S5 can be used across a variety of apps — and not just Samsung's own apps. Third-party software can also access the monitor, so you'll be able to log heart rate data in your workout app of choice, assuming the developer integrates it.
Restrict access when sharing the phone with a child — Nothing quiets down an annoying kid faster than a smartphone game, but the last thing you want is for an erroneous tap to lead to an awkward exchange during which you're forced to explain the 47 bathroom selfies you took that morning.
With the iPhone, your only choice is to stop taking bathroom selfies. Heaven forbid.
The Galaxy S5, however, includes a special “Kids Mode” that limits access to apps you designate as kid-friendly. After all, nothing should stand between you and your bathroom selfies.
Last for a week on a single charge — The fact that you have the option to carry an extra battery with you is great, but Galaxy S5 owners might never actually have to use an extra battery.
When the charge on the S5 starts to get low, users can enable what Samsung calls “ultra power saving mode.” When enabled, this new feature cuts the colors on the display to just black and white, limits background processes, kills background data, and restricts access to most apps.
With this new power saving mode enabled, the Galaxy S5 will last for 24 hours on standby with a charge of just 10%. With a fully charged battery, it would provide more than a week of standby time.
Hopoo Games, developer of well-received action-roguelike Risk of Rain, has announced a sequel.
Risk of Rain 2 is Hopoo's first fully 3D project. "We think that 3D allows for much deeper design spaces and more possibilities for cool gameplay," the developer said in a blog post.
"Feelings of scale and atmosphere are also much stronger. We are really happy with the core of Risk of Rain - and we're finding it plays even better in 3D. It just won't crash anymore."
Hopoo said it had been working on Risk of Rain 2 for about six months, but stressed it's still very early in development. There's no release window yet, so don't hold your breath.
Risk of Rain launched on PC to rave reviews before hitting PS4 and Vita in 2016. Eurogamer contributor Quintin Smith called Risk of Rain "an immaculate platformer" in their review from 2013.
[email protected]
Legisladores del PRI, PRD, Morena e independientes exigieron al líder nacional del PAN, Ricardo Anaya Cortés, que dé la cara y explique el origen de los recursos con los que su familia política logró amasar una gran cantidad de propiedades y empresas en 14 años.
También solicitaron a las autoridades federales realizar una investigación para identificar de dónde proviene el capital con el que se incrementó el patrimonio inmobiliario de su familia política.
El diputado federal de Morena, Vidal Llerenas, pidió la intervención de las autoridades para evitar que los recursos de su familia los pueda utilizar en su posible campaña presidencial.
Ayer, EL UNIVERSAL publicó que en los últimos 14 años y de la mano del presidente nacional del PAN, su familia política logró amasar un imperio inmobiliario
Las bancadas del PRI en el Senado y la Cámara de Diputados, a través de la senadora Graciela Ortiz, exigieron una investigación que llegue hasta sus últimas consecuencias y pidieron al dirigente nacional panista no culpar al gobierno federal de que lo está intimidando o amenazando, porque no tiene ningún sustento.
La priísta Ortiz González, acompañada del senador, Antonio Olvera y de las diputadas, Carmen Pinete y Ruth Tiscareño, aseguró que no hay necesidad de decir que el gobierno lo está amenazando ante su negativa de apoyar el “pase directo” a Raúl Cervantes como fiscal general y lo criticó porque nunca detalló en sus palabras el contenido de la nota que publicó EL UNIVERSAL.
“Yo le pregunto a los empresarios de este país, en 14 años, qué empresa ha tenido ese mismo crecimiento, ese indicador de crecimiento que tienen estas empresas que están a nombre de la familia de Ricardo Anaya. Yo les aseguro que ninguna, o sería mucho muy difícil que hubiese una con estos indicadores.
“Entonces, sí es de llamar la atención desde luego el crecimiento de la fortuna familiar, sí es exigible a cualquiera que pertenezca al ámbito público el explicar, cuando se hace un señalamiento de esta naturaleza, con toda claridad, con toda amplitud, si estos señalamientos son falsos, explicar por qué”, dijo Ortiz González.
En conferencia, el coordinador del PRD, Francisco Martínez Neri, coincidió en una investigación y pidió a Anaya Cortés que dé la cara y explique el origen de los recursos de su familia política: “Debe aclarar ante la opinión pública cuál es el origen de esos recursos y, desde luego, si estas informaciones son ciertas, es una obligación dar la cara a la sociedad, porque la sociedad nos colocó aquí y lo menos que podemos es enfrentar este tipo de cuestiones”, dijo.
El senador del PT, Miguel Barbosa aseguró que Ricardo Anaya está obligado a aclarar y a transparentar el tema ante la opinión pública y ante su partido.
Armando Ríos Piter, senador independiente, pidió a Anaya Cortés no darle la vuelta ni escabullirse a su responsabilidad de transparentar los recursos para explicar un posible enriquecimiento desde su labor política.
Por su parte, los coordinadores del PAN en el Senado y la Cámara de Diputados, Fernando Herrera y Marko Cortés, respaldaron a Anaya Cortés y dijeron que es una infamia y no van a caer en ninguna provocación.
Detallaron que el panista queretano es el más transparente y agregaron que el martes se recibieron en la Comisión Permanente del PAN llamadas “anónimas” que los amenazaban con publicar la información, por lo que harán una defensa férrea del dirigente del partido.
Hoping to keep industrial control systems out of reach of hackers by keeping them air-gapped is a hopeless mission that's bound for failure, according to a SCADA guru.
Isolating SCADA systems as a means of protection has been suggested by some as a defensive tactic after hackers briefly took out elements of the power grid in Ukraine last December.
Faizel Lakhani, a pioneer of SCADA technology, told El Reg that air-gapping such systems would be a quixotic endeavour, at best.
“Most SCADA systems are theoretically air gapped but not really disconnected from the network” Lakhani explained. “There are ways to get around isolation either because systems are not set up properly or because that's a test link in there or someone bridged the Wi-Fi network, to name a few examples.”
20 years ago, Faizel Lakhani used a PDP-11 and created electric utility company Ontario Hydro's first SCADA system. The technology has since become ubiquitous, but it's only since the appearance of the nuclear centrifuge-busting Stuxnet worm back in 2010 that anybody has paid serious attention to the security of the technology.
“Power control systems were never designed with security in mind,” Lakhani explained. “They were designed to manage regulators and voltage flow and that's still what they do.”
The technology was originally based on archaic protocols and communications technologies. Systems were designed to be connected together but never designed with the open internet in mind. However the incredible success of TCP/IP internet networking protocols over the last 15 year or so has swept all before it, including SCADA systems.
“In the world of the internet almost anything is connected,” Lakhani said.
SCADA started off with archaic protocols such as FDDI, Token Ring but “good luck building a network with anything other than TCP/IP now,” Lakhani added.
Even with the best of intent, controls will be eroded and hence you need a layer of visibility to detect, according to Lakhani.
El Reg spoke to Lakhani, who is president and COO of lawful interception technology firm SS8, to accompany the firm's launch of a breach detection technology, targeted at enterprises instead of its traditional carrier and government customer base.
Many enterprise systems, much like SCADA devices, are not built to withstand today's threats. SS8's BreachDetect communications analytics technology can be used to identify potential anomalies and compromised devices. This, so SS8 claims, offers a better chance of earlier breach detection when compared to other approaches to tackling much the same problems source as intrusion detection (e.g. Cisco SourceFire) or SIEMs and BIG Data analytics tools.
Even as more traffic on enterprise networks is encrypted SS8's approach can still provide crucial insights, according to Lakhani.
“Encryption technologies do make content inspection hard, however it is the combination of deep packet inspection with behaviour with context (device/user) that represents the opportunity,” they explained. ®
At its busiest, the corner of Northwest 11th Avenue and Couch Street is a near-constant stream of pedestrians, with cars, bikes and the Portland Streetcar trying to squeeze through.
The Portland transportation bureau is trying to rein in the intersection with a new signal that will be switched on later this year. But in a way, it's embracing the chaos.
The corner will be the site of Portland's first "pedestrian scramble," where all traffic is stopped and pedestrians can cross in any direction, including diagonally. The new signals are expected to be switched on before the end of the year.
The intersection, just outside an entrance to Powell's City of Books and near a streetcar stop, is currently an all-way stop that's frequently clogged by a continuous flow of pedestrians and traffic backed up at Burnside.
The scramble is sometimes seen by traffic engineers as inefficient because it stops auto traffic in all directions, and pedestrians can in some cases have to wait longer to cross.
But at 11th and Couch, a light one block away that gives Burnside traffic an extra 30 seconds of green already acted as a bottleneck, said Peter Koonce, the transportation bureau's manager for signals and street lighting.
"You'd be showing green at Couch, but you'd be stopped," Koonce said. "More green wouldn't help you."
The city's engineers found they could better synchronize the signals and let traffic cruise through both lights if they add a 30-second cycle for pedestrians.
The corner was desolate in 2000, when Powell's built an addition and new entrance at 11th and Couch, the bookseller's chief executive, Miriam Sontz, said Wednesday. But the development of the Brewery Blocks and the subsequent redevelopment of the warehouse district that would become the Pearl District brought foot, bike and vehicle traffic never previously imagined.
"It's just too small an intersection for the number of people and cars trying to go through it as a four-way stop," they said. "It's all because of the growth that has gone on in that area, and nobody here is complaining about it, but the traffic patterns have not kept up."
The signal, they said, will be a welcome change, and the all-way crossing for pedestrians will be "a fascinating experiment."
Though new to Portland, there are several of these crossings in Seattle and San Francisco. In the 1960s, Denver installed the diagonal crossings, there called a "Barnes Dance" for the traffic engineer who came up with the idea and the maneuvering of pedestrians who meet in the middle. But the city tore them out in 2011 to make room for larger light-rail trains.
Transportation bureau director Leah Treat saw them installed in Chicago and Washington, D.C., before coming to Portland.
"I've seen how they can make public space more comfortable and inviting," Treat said in an email. "In a vibrant retail area like the Pearl District, where there are hundreds of people living and working in close proximity, a scramble is a great way to bring order to a busy intersection and make it more accessible for everyone."
The signal is one of five new signals being installed in the Pearl and Old Town Chinatown, along with an overhaul of another signal at West Burnside and 4th Avenue. The $2.4 million project will be paid for with urban renewal funds and real estate development fees.
-- Elliot Njus
enjus@oregonian.com
503-294-5034
@enjus
North Carolina Still Reeling Days After Hurricane Matthew
Days after the rains of Hurricane Matthew exited North Carolina, residents are still dealing with a worsening disaster. Flooding continues to be a real problem.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
Hurricane Matthew has come and gone, but floodwaters continue to rise in North Carolina. Some rivers have already overflowed their banks. Others are expected to crest later this week. Jess Clark of member station WUNC went to Greenville, N.C., where thousands of people have been told they must leave.
CORNISH: The Tar River cuts right through the city of Greenville, but it doesn't usually cut through Steve Johnson's backyard. Johnson has been under a mandatory evacuation since Sunday, camped out in a crowded hotel.
STEVE JOHNSON: I wasn't prepared for flooding. You know, I don't think anyone ever is. I was prepared for the hurricane. I was even prepared to leave if something happened during the hurricane 'cause I'm always watching trees and seeing if something's going to fall regarding the trees. But you know, I wasn't prepared for flooding. You just never know how that's going to turn.
JESS CLARK, BYLINE: Greenville is a city of 90,000 about an hour and a half east of Raleigh. It's one of many places in this part of the state grappling with what's being called a worsening slow-moving disaster. Police have blocked off Johnson's street with cones and yellow caution tape, but he's come back to check on theirs home.
JOHNSON: Normally you can see where the river is running. That's how far I'm from it (laughter). And you see where it is now.
CLARK: Oh, my gosh.
JOHNSON: Yeah, and if you look over here at the neighbor's house, it's a lot worse actually in my opinion.
CLARK: One of those houses belongs to Seth Rogers. The river is flowing under their deck. Rodgers has sealed the outside vents and piled almost 800 sandbags around this house and several others that they rent out along the river.
SETH ROGERS: We've done everything in our power to try to prevent the water from coming in.
CLARK: Water is already in the basement here. Rogers says he's hoping it won't get any worse, but the Tar River is expected to rise another 4 feet before it crests in a few days. Greenville Mayor Allen Thomas hopes the water won't get that high. They spoke before hundreds who gathered to pray the flood away.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ALLEN THOMAS: I believe just as faith can move mountains, faith can move these waters.
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
THOMAS: Our Father in heaven, hallowed be thy name.
CLARK: Faith leaders led the crowd in prayer on a bridge over the Tar River. Before they said their final amen, National Guard and giant military trucks rolled across the bridge. They were coming from the other side of the river where many homes, churches and businesses are already flooded out.
UNIDENTIFIED CROWD: And deliver us from evil.
CLARK: For NPR News, I'm Jess Clark in Greenville, N.C.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
When All-Star weekend arrives in Brooklyn next month, three of the league's premier shooters will be in the three-point contest. The Golden State Warriors' starting backcourt of Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson will be participating in the event, as will Atlanta Hawks veteran Kyle Korver, according to Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo! Sports.
Wesley Matthews of the Trail Blazers and J.J. Redick of the Clippers will also reportedly be in the contest.
The trio of Curry, Thompson and Korver will be the obvious draw. Curry is considered the front-runner for MVP halfway through the season. Thompson's name is hotter than ever after scoring 37 points (including 9-for-9 from three-point range) in the third quarter on Friday against the Sacramento Kings. Korver is leading the league in three-point percentage by making an impossible 53.1 percent of their attempts from deep.
Marco Belinelli of the Spurs won the competition last year. The three-point contest will be part of All-Star Saturday night at the Barclays Center on Feb. 14.
★★★
None can say whether Exodus is a single individual or one of several supremely skilled assassins operating at the behest of the uppermost echelons of the Alpha Legion. Whatever the truth, the Legionary known as Exodus ranked amongst the most skilled killers outside of the Assassin Clades of the Officio Assassinorum during the Great Crusade. Their skill-at-arms was born of the convergence of the will, physiology and conditioning of a Space Marine with the fieldcraft and panoply of arms and wargear of an assassin. So adept was Exodus that they were said to rival even the marksmen of Clade Vindicare in their ability to insinuate themselves into position and deliver the killing shot at the pivotal moment in a campaign. Some histories claim that as many as a dozen worlds were brought into Imperial Compliance with only a single shot having been fired by Exodus, who could achieve with one round what the expenditure of billions of rounds, charges and shells might never bring about.
(Cliff Owen/AP)
Maryland Attorney General Doug Gansler dropped in on a chaperoned Bethany Beach, Del., party in June to speak with their son and did not object to the teen partiers evidently breaking the law by drinking alcohol. This prompted a flurry of media commentary – largely negative – on Thursday, but at least one public figure is applauding Gansler.
Former Middlebury College President John McCardell, who sparked a national debate about the federal drinking age in 2008, says Gansler, who announced Sept. 24 they are running for governor of Maryland, acted appropriately and should now consider openly flouting the age restriction.
Photographs from the party show Gansler, 50, amid shirtless teens dancing with red plastic cups nearby. In a press conference Thursday, Gansler – previously a public opponent of underage drinking – said "there could be Kool-Aid in the red cups."
"Do I have any moral authority over other people's children at 'beach week' in another state?" they asked. "I say no." They have since backtracked from those comments, saying perhaps they should have investigated further.
McCardell is encouraging the Old Line State's top law enforcement official to adopt a slightly different response to criticism.
"The principle of civil disobedience has in the past been applied to call attention to, and ultimately to change, bad laws, and Mr. Gansler might invoke that principle, with its corollary that those who disobey must pay the penalty and then appeal the decision," McCardell told U.S. News in an email. "Were they to do that, the drinking age might get a test in court, which would be interesting. I would hope, personally, that they would choose that route."
McCardell, now the vice chancellor of Sewanee University in Tennessee, became a nationally known opponent of the drinking age when they recruited more than 100 college presidents to call for re-evaluating the 21-year-old age limit. Parental supervision, they said, could combat dangerous binge drinking. The advocacy group Choose Responsibility was formed to support their vision.
In one photo of the Delaware party, two adults are seen just off the beach bash's dance floor, The Washington Post reported. McCardell says it appears Gansler "was acting on proper and entirely understandable motives" by not attempting to break up the party, "as apparently were the hosts of the event, in seeking to acknowledge reality and minimize risk."
"Good grief," said Mothers Against Drunk Driving founder Candace Lightner, who currently leads the traffic safety organization We Save Lives. "What's wrong with people? Don't they know how dangerous this is?"
Lightner helped push for the national drinking age in the 1980s after their daughter was killed by a drunk driver. They note that it hasn't been conclusively proven that the teens were drinking alcohol at the party and says Gansler might not be to blame for failing to be more vigilant.
"If I were showing up at a party and it looked like there was a bunch of kids holding plastic cups versus cans of soda, I would probably do a little investigating," they noted.
Now, Gansler "should come out and condemn underage drinking," Lightener said, "and if there was [underage drinking] I think they should pursue the chaperones. ... I think they should be prosecuted, or investigated."
The Baltimore Sun reports that Gansler was part of a group of parents who arranged a week of beach festivities at a large rented home. Twelve boys who had recently graduated from a private school in Bethesda, Md., attended, according to the Sun, and parents agreed there would be two chaperones each night and that "hard alcohol" would not be allowed. A written set of rules was acquired by the paper.
The national drinking age was established by the 1984 National Minimum Drinking Age Act, which required all states to have a drinking age of 21 or lose highway funds. By 1995 all states complied. Supporters of the age limit were motivated by drunk driving accidents and point to a decrease in highway deaths since. McCardell says roadway deaths have decreased across all age groups, and they credit improved car safety, not the drinking age.
It's unlikely that opposing the drinking age would get Gansler far among the Democratic-leaning 18-to-21-year-old demographic, but if they took that step it wouldn't be entirely out-of-character. In 2010 Gansler allegedly usurped state law by ordering Maryland agencies to recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere. Two years later, the state legislature and then voters followed suit and legalized same-sex marriage.
More News:
One of the sourest moments of Donald Trump's damp inauguration ceremony had to be this comment after the fact, proudly shared on Instagram by House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz:
So pleased they are not the President. I thanked them for their service and wished them luck. The investigation continues.
This churlish comment wasn't the only time Chaffetz had promised to continue their relentless crusade against Hillary Clinton. They had previously said "just because there was a political election doesn't mean it goes away," claiming that the emails on Clinton's server represented "the largest breach of security in the history of the State Department." Actually, the State Department's own servers have been hacked by foreign agents multiple times. But who's counting? (And Chaffetz themselves has a history of revealing classified information in public.)
Advertisement:
They told Fox News in December:
We can't simply let this go. If the president or the president-elect wants to pardon Secretary Hillary Clinton for the good of the nation, that is their option. But I have a duty and an obligation to actually fix the problems that were made with Hillary Clinton.
One can understand how hard it must be for Chaffetz to let go of their dream. After all, the Utah member of congress had planned their entire political future around riding Clinton scandals all the way to the Senate and possibly beyond. Having to instead become one of a dozen mealymouthed Trump toadies just doesn't present the same opportunities for a man with Chaffetz's towering ego and ambition. If there's any political fame or fortune to be gained by taking the apologist position, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has it all locked up.
At a forum on Thursday hosted by the right-wing "watchdog" group Judicial Watch, Chaffetz insisted that he's still looking into the "Fast and Furious" scandal. That was the odd controversy in which the Republican Party — which believes in unfettered gun rights even, for those who are mentally ill — turned into gun control advocates when it came to a federal government operation to sell firearms to intermediaries in order to trace them to cartel leaders. Apparently a portion of the guns landed in the hands of criminals who killed some innocent people, including a border patrol agent. (Imagine if they showed the same concern for the tens of thousands of other people who are killed by gun violence every year.)
Chaffetz also reminisced about their frustrations with former President Barack Obama's administration over Benghazi. In what seems to be an attempt to one-up the intrepid midnight adventures of Rep. Nunes, their rival Trump handmaiden, Chaffetz once more recounted the stale story of a National Guard soldier who came to them with information about Libya that was so secret that they had to meet in Utah in a sensitive compartmented intelligence facility, or SCIF. Chaffetz knew they had to see this supposedly explosive evidence for himself, so they hopped on a plane to Libya to check it out. They said, “It was not the safest decision I ever made." What a hero.
Unntil now, Chaffetz has resisted any attempts to investigate Trump. When the Atlantic's McKay Coppins read a long list of Trump conflicts of interest and asked if Chaffetz had any intention of having the House Oversight Committee look into them, they replied:
He's already rich. He's very rich. I don't think that they ran for this office to line their pockets even more. I just don't see it like that.
Apparently, Chaffetz believes that wealthy Republicans cannot be corrupt because they have so much money. That's lucky for Donald Trump — the billionaire who just settled a $25 million lawsuit for fraud, went bankrupt four times and spent the last decade hawking ugly ties and cheap cologne as if they were desperate for cash. Not to mention the fact that for some unknown reason they refuse to release their tax returns.
Advertisement:
Chaffetz's talk at the Judicial Watch forum, however, suggests that he's starting to reckon with the fact that the Trump administration is floundering and believes it may be time to take advantage. If he's joining up with Judicial Watch, it's a sign that some of the GOP's most tenacious opportunists have decided that their fortunes lie with the Trump opposition.
The day before the forum, Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton had attended a meeting of conservative groups and White House officials hoping to find a way forward after the health care bill debacle. According to The New York Times, Fitton demanded that the Trump administration release all its documents pertaining to the Russian interference in the election and commit to a policy of "extreme transparency." This is a departure for Fitton, who, like Chaffetz, has until now been docile and accepting when it comes to the mountain of corruption, conflicts and possible foreign collusion of the Trump administration.
The next day Chaffetz echoed Fitton's comments. They said that he's been letting the new administration settle in but that it's clear now that Trump's officials are not being cooperative with Chaffetz's committee's requests for documents. They didn't specifically mention Russia and tried to blame the problems on Obama administration holdovers but the fact that they appeared at a Judicial Watch event and criticized the administration didn't go unnoticed by Breitbart News, which means that it didn't go unnoticed by the White House.
You may recall that during the campaign Chaffetz ostentatiously withdrew their endorsement of Trump after the release of the "Access Hollywood" tape only to come crawling back a couple weeks later. So it's probably safe to say that he'll go whichever way the wind blows. Right now there's a gale force hurricane bearing down on the White House and he's got to figure out whether the smart move for their future is to hunker down with Trump or head for high ground. You can be sure that whatever they decide, the calculation will be purely based on whatever they think is best for Jason Chaffetz.
click to enlarge Photo courtesy Muni Diaries
A frustrated Muni rider communicates their displeasure with NextMuni's predictions.
...there are a number of reasons why vehicles may not arrive when expected. Heavy traffic, breakdowns, and other unforeseen problem can delay or completely interrupt service, which can then throw off the NextMuni predictions.
How does this affect the predictions? NextMuni uses GPS technology equipped on every Muni vehicle and advanced computer modeling to track Muni buses and trains on their routes. The technology takes into account the actual position of the transit vehicle, the intended stops and anticipated traffic patterns. So, when traffic is snarled or your bus or train has a mechanical malfunction, NextMuni predictions often become inaccurate. But you may be surprised to know that in general, the margin of error overall is less than one minute for predictions of five-minutes or less. For 10-minute predictions, the margin of error is less than two minutes.
Way to be terrible, NextMuni. pic.twitter.com/FjolM7K8qN — Srinivas Rao (@raorao_) January 5, 2014
It's a problem that plagues Muni riders at bus stops every day: The digital NextMuni readout predicts your bus will come in five minutes — a prediction that you quickly realize is frozen in time.You're in a hurry, and can't decide whether or not to treat yourself to an Uber (or a taxi). The bus stays five minutes away every five minutes for an hour,Is the bus lost in a time warp? Are hackers gleefully messing with NextMuni? Are we in some sort of transit purgatory? Finally, someone has an answer for us. Muni's new self-made blogclaims thedesign of the system itself is to blame.According to a blog post bythe NextMuni time readout is actually based on the GPS-read distance of the bus from your stop andtraffic patterns. So if a bus is "five minutes away," it's actually a predetermined distance away that would equal five minutes under ideal conditions.Instead your bus is snarled in traffic or worse yet — broken down, not moving. Until that bus actually starts moving, the readout will continue to show that same arrival prediction, at the expensive of your sanity.Frompost "Not Your Ordinary GPS — Tracking Your RideThis doesn't address the issue of ghost vehiclesbetter known asMuni buses that don't show up in a timely fashion, as predicted by NextMuni. Those vehicles, apparently, either don't have GPS trackers or don't have them turned on, according to NextBus.com Things could always be much worse, like if voters had passed Proposition L last week, snarling the already strained Muni system . Thenwould have to create a blog post titled "Why Car Drivers Are Screwing Over Your Transit System — Not Your Ordinary Gridlock."Dodged that bullet.
Dragon Skies VR is ramping up quickly, thanks to your support! Check out the new Dev Log to see all of the new features and what we're bringing to the table. And don't forget, anyone who Backs this Kickstarter will receive the game automatically on release!
This video covers many new topics, including:
Voice Acting - how we're assembling a cast of 10+ characters for this game
- how we're assembling a cast of 10+ characters for this game Story Arc - Dragon Skies VR will release with 4-7 hours of immersive story
- Dragon Skies VR will release with 4-7 hours of immersive story Original Score - The entire soundtrack will be an original piano score by Tristan Hodges
- The entire soundtrack will be an original piano score by Tristan Hodges Spell Crafting - See the different types of ammo you can craft at your mixing bench, and use them to take down the bad guys
- See the different types of ammo you can craft at your mixing bench, and use them to take down the bad guys Airships and Dogfights - Watch me and @TribalInstincts fight some of the rebel airships that populate the valleys near Cidholm city!
Lastly, while a $1 pledge gets you a Steam key at launch, we ask you to consider backing at an amount that shows your level of interest in the success of this game. FoxLeap is an independent game company and the more support we receive from the fans, the better we will be at providing quality content for you. We also pride ourselves on listening to fan feedback, and many of the features in this game come from suggestions from the VR/gaming community. Please do not hesitate to reach out to me with your thoughts -- we're listening!
-Tristan Hodges (Owner @FoxLeapGames)
Anything less than a return trip to the playoffs would be a disappointment for the 2017 New York Giants. They added wide receiver Brandon Marshall and tight end Evan Engram to a team that went 11-5 last season. But they'll be tested this season, especially with a questionable offensive line playing against some of the league's best defenses and pass-rushers in the AFC and NFC West divisions, whom they face this season.
Back in April, I picked the Giants to finish 10-6. Now ...
Week 1: Sunday, Sept. 10 at Dallas Cowboys, 8:30 p.m. ET
No Ezekiel Elliott? Say what you want but that's a game-changer. Advantage, Giants. Record: 1-0
Week 2: Monday, Sept. 18 vs. Detroit Lions, 8:30 p.m. ET
A Monday night home opener at MetLife Stadium. After a win against the Cowboys, Giants fans will be in a frenzy. Record: 2-0
Week 3: Sunday, Sept. 24 at Philadelphia Eagles, 1 p.m. ET
A road game against a strong defensive front. These are the tough ones for this Giants team with their offensive line. Record: 2-1
Week 4: Sunday, Oct. 1 at Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 4:05 p.m. ET
The Bucs have weapons. They're a playoff-caliber team playing at home. This should be a fun game, with Odell Beckham Jr. proving to be unguardable against a questionable Tampa Bay secondary. Giants win a thriller. Record: 3-1
Week 5: Sunday, Oct. 8 vs. Los Angeles Chargers, 1 p.m. ET
The Chargers and Philip Rivers are too volatile to win a tough game on the road against this Giants secondary and defense. Record: 4-1
Week 6: Sunday, Oct. 15 at Denver Broncos, 8:30 p.m. ET
Remember that comment about facing a strong defensive front on the road? Multiply that times three for a prime-time contest in Denver. Von Miller vs. Ereck Flowers isn't fair. Record: 4-2
Week 7: Sunday, Oct. 22 vs. Seattle Seahawks, 4:25 p.m. ET
The Giants eke out a low-scoring victory at home against the Seahawks. Just what they needed entering their bye week. Record: 5-2
ESPN Stats & Information
Week 8: Bye
Week 9: Sunday, Nov. 5 vs. Los Angeles Rams, 1 p.m. ET
Consider me skeptical about Jared Goff and the Rams' offense, especially against this defense. Coach Ben McAdoo improves to 2-0 against the Rams after the extra week of preparation. Record: 6-2
Week 10: Sunday, Nov. 12 at San Francisco 49ers, 4:25 p.m. ET
San Francisco can't handle the Giants. Marshall breaks out in this one after a slow start to the season. They can still play. Record: 7-2
Week 11: Sunday, Nov. 19 vs. Kansas City Chiefs, 1 p.m. ET
Teams with a really good defensive line and pass rush give the Giants trouble at home, too. Record: 7-3
Week 12: Thursday, Nov. 23 at Washington Redskins, 8:30 p.m. ET
Isn't this about the time of year the Redskins start to fall apart? Seems about right with their quarterback having one foot in San Francisco already. Record: 8-3
Week 13: Sunday, Dec. 3 at Oakland Raiders, 4:25 p.m. ET
Oakland's good. So are the Giants. Oakland is playing at home, where they will be tough to beat. Loss. Record: 8-4
Week 14: Sunday, Dec. 10 vs. Dallas Cowboys, 4:25 p.m. ET
The Cowboys will have dropped three straight to the Giants. This will mean everything to them, and Elliott will be back on the field. Record: 8-5
Week 15: Sunday, Dec. 17 vs. Philadelphia Eagles, 1 p.m. ET
This will be for first-place in the NFC East. Carson Wentz isn't ready for this type of pressure. Darian Thompson and Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie get interceptions, with one of them taken back for a touchdown. Record: 9-5
Week 16: Sunday, Dec. 24 at Arizona Cardinals, 4:25 p.m. ET
Arizona is going to be vastly improved this season. The Giants' offense struggles against that talented defense in this big spot. Record: 9-6
Week 17: Sunday, Dec. 31 vs. Washington Redskins, 1 p.m. ET
It's win and they're in for the Giants. The roles are reversed from last season when the Redskins flopped. But Washington doesn't discriminate. It can fail as the favorite or spoiler. Beckham comes up big in a massive spot, against their arch-rival Josh Norman, no less. Record: 10-6
Over 20 years later, Adam Marcus returns to horror with a new film.
Not to be confused with the 2015 horror movie of the same name, Jason Goes to Hell director Adam Marcus' Secret Santa is coming down the chimney soon, centered on a family Christmas party where the blood flows as freely as the subtle jabs.
They're not the Voorhees family, but the Popes may be just as dysfunctional!
In Secret Santa…
“The holidays are a time for backstabbing and silent, annihilating judgment; but for the Pope family the time-honored tradition of passive-aggressive snark is always masked with a smile. But not this year. April Pope, the family's golden child, is clean and sober and working their twelve steps. They have a new life and an amazing boyfriend, and she's ready to make amends with their sister, Penny, for a horrible prank they pulled on them when they were in high school. April figures their mother, Shari's, Christmas Eve party, complete with Secret Santa game, will be the perfect moment for forgiveness. Them gift and act of confession will help heal the tensions of all their loved ones.
But there's someone else with a different idea…
The Popes run one of the country's largest pharmaceutical companies, and someone's going to give them a taste of their own medicine. Literally. And with a military grade truth serum spiking the holiday punch, anyone who has a cup will lose their mask of civility. And before they know it, saying what they wanted to say turns into doing what they want to do; and the holiday table soon runs red. It's a Christmas massacre as those who haven't drunk the punch try to control the ones who have. This year the truth doesn't hurt… it kills!
Check out the NSFW red band trailer below!
Apple Music debuted yesterday with a promo voiced by Trent Reznor , a demonstration, a presentation from Drake and several more artists popping up in a trailer for the upcoming service. But don't expect to see Slipknot or in particular Corey Taylor hopping on the bandwagon.
The vocalist was asked by NME about the streaming service and didn't exactly fall all over themselves offering praise. In fact, Taylor admitted he's not really a fan of streaming services at all regardless of the brand.
When asked if they were approached by Tidal or Apple Music if he'd be in favor of supporting them, Taylor stated, "Of course not, because they can't use our music to sell anything. That's fine with me, you know, I don't give a s--t. Let the f---ing Taylor S--ts and One Erections sell their f---ing sodas and edible panties. I don't give a s--t about any of that."
They went on to add, "The second that I'm writing music written specifically to sell somebody a f---ing motorcycle book, that's it for me. I'm done. I'm f---ing out. I thought the big thing was between Tidal and Spotify. I never realized that there's now a f---ing third player on the f---ing rack. It's so hard to keep up with the way technology's f---ing going anymore. I'm surprised people haven't just dropped their tools and been like, 'F--- it, I'm out.'"
That outspoken attitude is just the kind of thing you'll get with Taylor's upcoming book, You're Making Me Hate You: A Cantankerous Look at the Common Misconception That Humans Have Any Common Sense Left . The book is due to land on shelves July 7. It's currently available for pre-order at Amazon .
You Think You Know Slipknot?
Overwatch now boasts more than 30 million players, all of whom want something very particular from Blizzard's highly-competitive, team-based shooter. Some may play a wide variety of heroes, switching between them multiple times per game, while others focus primarily on a single character (looking at you, Hanzo mains). Depending on their rank, playstyle and preferred game mode, players can experience a wildly different kind of game.
And yet, somehow, Blizzard has to cater to all of them. I've always been fascinated by this process, particularly in games that regularly introduce new content, or require near-constant balancing as their communities develop new strategies.
As we approach the first anniversary of Overwatch, I spoke with game director Jeff Kaplan about how their team approaches such a daunting task. Apparrently, they say, they start wtih triangles.
If you'd like to hear my full interview with Kaplan, you can find the audio below. Alongside our discussion on game balance, I also talk to them about some of the personal pressures that have come with taking on such a high-profile, public-facing position at Blizzard Entertainment. That's a pretty drastic change in pace for an interview, I'll admit, but it's well worth a listen.
Thanks for watching this week's episode and as ever, I'll be in the comments answering any questions you might have. Cheers very much!
Miami Heat's Gerald Green Hospitalized In Miami (Update)
Miami Heat's Gerald Green Hospitalized In Miami (Update)
Exclusive Details
11:53 AM PT -- Multiple witnesses at the condo tell us Green was acting strange in the lobby of the condo ... screaming at the top of their lungs.
We're told from several people that there was a huge commotion and it took several people -- including emergency personnel -- to restrain Green and get them on a stretcher and into an ambulance.
One source tells us ... one of Green's teammates was at the scene and tried to help ... eventually getting in the ambulance with Green.
We're told cops did respond to the scene and tried to clear out the lobby -- telling everyone, including residents, they needed to leave the area. Miami Heat shooting guard Gerald Green was hospitalized in Miami this morning ... the Miami Heat has confirmed.
TMZ Sports has learned ... Miami Fire and Rescue was called to the condo where Green was staying early Wednesday morning.
The nature of Green's illness is unknown at this point.
The 29-year-old did not play in last night's game against the Atlanta Hawks -- the team said it was due to an illness.
The Heat released a statement saying, "This morning we were informed that Gerald Green was admitted into the hospital. Right now our concerns are with Gerald."
Story developing ...
The name of the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has a complicated history. Pittsburgh is one of the few U.S. cities or towns to be spelled with an h at the end of a burg suffix.
Etymology [ edit ]
Pittsburgh was named in honor of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham, often referred to as William Pitt the Elder to distinguish them from their son William Pitt the Younger.
The suffix burgh is the Scots language and Scottish English cognate of the English language borough, which has other cognates in words and place names in several Indo-European languages. Historically, this morpheme was used in place names to describe a location as being defensible, such as a hill, a fort, or a fortified settlement.[1][note 1]
Early history and spellings [ edit ]
Advertisement for The Pittsburg Dispatch from 1876. The paper was an early adopter (1840s) and late holdout (1923) of the "Pittsburg" spelling.
An 1857 etching from Ballou's Pictorial in which the "Pittsburg" spelling is used
Pittsburgh (originally Fort Duquesne) was captured by British forces during the French and Indian War (Seven Years War). The earliest known reference to the new name of the settlement is in a letter sent from General John Forbes to William Pitt the Elder, dated 27 November 1758, notifying Pitt that their name had been given to the place. In that letter, the spelling is given as "Pittsbourgh."[2][3] As a Scotsman, General Forbes probably pronounced the name PITS-bər-ə, similar to the pronunciation of "Edinburgh" as a Scotsman would say it: () ED-in-bər-ə.[2][4][5][6]
The first recorded reference using the current spelling is found on a survey map made for the Penn family in 1769.[citation needed] In the city charter, granted on March 18, 1816, the Pittsburgh spelling is used on the original document, but due to an apparent printing error, the final 'h' is omitted on official copies of the document printed at the time.[2] Even before the federal government endorsed the Pittsburg spelling in 1891, that orthographic variant was well-attested. Its use by The Pittsburg Dispatch newspaper, for example, dates back at least to 1847.[7]
Spelling controversy [ edit ]
The city's name is commonly misspelled as Pittsburg because innumerable cities and towns in America make use of the German -burg suffix, while very few make use of the Scottish -burgh suffix. This problem is compounded by the fact that from 1891 to 1911, the spelling of the city's name was federally recognized as Pittsburg.
Federal abandonment and readoption of the 'h' [ edit ]
In 1890, the United States Board on Geographic Names was created to establish uniform place name usage throughout the various departments and agencies of the federal government. To guide its standardization efforts, the Board adopted thirteen general principles, one of which was that place names ending in -burgh should drop the final -h.[8] The Board compiled a report of place name "decisions" in 1891 in which the city's name was rendered Pittsburg.[9][note 2]
In support of its decision favoring the Pittsburg spelling, the Board referenced the printed copies of the 1816 city charter which featured that same spelling. Based on those copies of the city charter, the Board claimed that the official name of the city had always been Pittsburg. However, the members of the board seem to have been unaware that the original copy of the 1816 charter specified the name of the city to be Pittsburgh, and that only the printed copies of the charter featured the erroneous spelling Pittsburg. The full decision and rationale from the Board follows:
Pittsburg. Pennsylvania.
The city was chartered in 1816, its name being spelled without the h, and its official form is still Pittsburg. The h appears to have been added by the Post-Office Department, and through that action local usage appears to have become divided. While the majority of local newspapers print it without the h, certain others use the final h.[10]
The Board's decisions had limited but effective power; they were compulsory upon all federal government agencies, including the Post Office. The decisions were not, however, binding outside the federal government.[11] Official city and state documents continued to use the old spelling,[12] as did the Pittsburgh Gazette, the Pittsburgh Stock Exchange and the University of Pittsburgh.[9] Responding to mounting pressure and, in the end, political pressure from senator George T. Oliver,[9] the Board adopted the Pittsburgh spelling on July 19, 1911, reversing its previous decision on the matter.[12] The letter sent to senator Oliver to announce this decision, dated July 20, stated:
Hon. George T. Oliver, United States Senate:
Sir: At a special meeting of the United States Geographic Board held on July 19, 1911, the previous decision with regard to the spelling of Pittsburgh without a final H was reconsidered and the form given below was adopted:
Pittsburgh, a city in Pennsylvania (not Pittsburg).
Very respectfully,
C. S. SLOAN,
Secretary.[13]
Notwithstanding the Board's reversal, the 'h'-less spelling variant remained in use for years. Some local daily newspapers carried it in their titles until the early 1920s, when The Pittsburg Dispatch and The Pittsburg Leader ceased publication and The Pittsburg Press became The Pittsburgh Press.
The confusion and controversy surrounding the alternative spellings means that both the Pittsburgh and the Pittsburg spelling were commonly encountered around the turn of the 20th century, and continued uses of Pittsburg still occur to this day. Many cities across the United States named after the city of Pittsburgh, such as Pittsburg, Kansas, Pittsburg, California, and West Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, continue to use the Pittsburg spelling in their names. Other independent municipalities, such as the borough of East Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, reflect the modern spelling.
Baseball card [ edit ]
Perhaps the most familiar reference to the Pittsburg spelling is on the renowned 1909 T-206 baseball card of Pittsburgh Pirates legend Honus Wagner. Its scarcity, even at the time, combined with Wagner's reputation as one of the greatest players in baseball history, made it the most valuable sports card of all time, with one pristine specimen yielding $2.8 million at auction.[14] It has been characterized as the "Holy Grail" of baseball cards.[15] The city name displayed across Wagner's jersey on the card was an artistic addition that did not actually appear on the Pirates' uniforms of the time.[16] The portrait of Wagner makes it appear as if there could be an H on the end, cut off by the border of the picture, but the caption beneath it is "WAGNER, PITTSBURG", confirming that the omission of the H was intentional.
The '-h' in Pittsburgh culture [ edit ]
The presence of the -h at the end of the word Pittsburgh is occasionally recognized in Pittsburgh culture. It is often rendered as PGH. For example, Pittsburgh International Airport's abbreviation is PIT, while Union Station's abbreviation is PGH; the area's Fox affiliate takes their calls, WPGH-TV from this. (This is ironic considering that Union Station, which opened in 1903, bears a relief on its rotunda that spells the city's name without the -h.) A recent playful take on the final -h of Pittsburgh appears in the name of the Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority's brand of bottled water: PGH 2 O, which is a portmanteau of the abbreviation PGH and the chemical name for water, H 2 O.[17] In homage to the city's history, the "Pittsburg Plunge" at Kennywood park retains the alternate spelling without the "h".
See also [ edit ]
Alburgh (town), Vermont, a town whose name was changed from Alburgh to Alburg in the 19th century, apparently by influence of the same 1891 decision that applied to the spelling of Pittsburgh. The original Alburgh spelling was restored in 2006, more than a century later.
to in the 19th century, apparently by influence of the same 1891 decision that applied to the spelling of Pittsburgh. The original spelling was restored in 2006, more than a century later. Newburgh, New York, another early U.S. city with a trailing "h".
Notes [ edit ]
^ See Etymology of Burgh for more details. ^ Because the Board lacked the immediate means to publish and distribute its decisions (see pp. 9–10 of the report), its report was not actually printed in volume and distributed until 1892. The actual finalized decisions and recommendations do date to 1891, however.
TORONTO— “I am where I am because I believe in something,” Damian Clairmont wrote from Syria, where the Alberta high-school dropout has spent the past ten months helping bring down the regime of President Bashar Al-Assad.
A Muslim convert who now calls themselves Mustafa Al-Gharib, the 22-year-old is one of dozens of Canadians participating in the protracted conflict in Syria, which is now being called “the new Afghanistan” and the “epicentre of jihad.”
Also among those who made the trek there was Ali Dirie, a Somali-Canadian and former member of the Toronto 18 terror group that plotted to bomb downtown Toronto and storm the Parliament buildings to behead MPs in 2006.
A gun smuggler with a high school education who once called white people the “number one filthiest people on the face of the planet,” Dirie had claimed at their sentencing that they no longer believed in terrorism or violence.
Several sources confirmed, however, that after they were released from prison, Dirie left for Syria.  They are suspected of having joined the al-Qaeda-linked Al Nusrah Front. Rumors they were recently killed have been circulating in Toronto but remain unverified.
Ray Boisvert, a former counter-terrorism chief at the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, said the large number of Western fighters in Syria is partly a factor of communications technology, which has helped spread images of atrocities and heroic depictions of armed groups.
“Ten years after the invasion of Afghanistan by Western forces, we now have people with even greater access to the details of what's going on, and have easier travel access to a conflict hot spot,” said Mr. Boisvert, President of the consulting firm I-SEC Integrated Strategies.
“And, frankly, because of the nature of this conflict, which will likely run for years, we'll see a lot of ‘veterans' likely return, just like the Afghan conflict. It simply has a lot of ‘ugly' that will cause repercussions in the years to come, at home and abroad.”
2,000 to 5,500 foreign fighters have joined the Syrian opposition forces since 2011
Mr. Clairmont left Alberta for Syria last November. The RCMP and CSIS are investigating, their mother said. In exchanges with the National Post, they explained their decision in wholly religious terms, saying they were working towards the afterlife.
“The benefit for myself in terms of the worldly life is most certainly back in Canada where I could see my family, indulge in fornication and infidelity legally and limitlessly and stagger around poisoned on intoxicants and then lie to myself and the world about ‘Freedom' and how fantastic it is,” the Nova Scotia-born Acadian wrote.
“After all that is what we were conditioned to believe since our school days, was it not?” they added. “Challenging those learned assumptions, questioning them and actually being willing to change yourself is always much harder to do. My doing so caused a search for truth and ended in a conclusion that Islam was the answer. With that came Islam's concept of working for an afterlife that never ends … An eternity in Paradise cannot to traded for 70 years (if that) of this place.”
Syria is now considered the biggest jihadist attraction since Afghanistan. A study by the London-based International Centre for the Study of Radicalization estimated that 2,000 to 5,500 foreign fighters had joined the Syrian opposition forces since 2011, and that 135 to 590, or 7 to 11%, were Europeans.
The government is not certain how many Canadians are fighting in Syria. Canada does not have exit controls and officials say it is difficult to track citizens abroad, particularly after they enter a conflict zone. But reports from Syria suggest Canadians are there.
An American photographer who was held for seven months by rebel forces, Matthew Schrier, told The New York Times they had been brought before “three young men in masks who spoke perfect English, and who they suspected were Canadian.”
A documentary by Britain's Channel 4 featured a Canadian Muslim convert who called themselves Abu Muslim. They were fighting with the Katiba al-Muhajireen, which is composed almost entirely of foreign fighters. Asked what their parents thought, they said, “On the one hand, they are happy I'm taking my own path, doing my own thing and helping people. At the same time, they don't understand entirely why I'm here.”
There have also been reports of Canadian rebels being killed, although they are almost impossible to verify. Mubin Shaikh, who infiltrated the Toronto 18 for the RCMP, said they had heard — indirectly — that Dirie's death had been announced at Toronto's Salaheddin mosque.
The Post last heard from Mr. Clairmont a month ago. While they confirmed they were in Syria, they would not explain exactly where they were or what they were doing but their comments made it clear they believed they had found something better than what they called Western ideology.
“Sure, Canada — like this life — is a place where you can allow yourself to believe you have figured things out,” they wrote. “Among the simplest ways to do so is to forget that anyone or anything else exists beyond it, or that you have any responsibility to anyone or anything other than it.”
National Post
Deep Green Resistance hasn't added a story.
On Saturday, August 27th, a number of activists and organizers took part in a blockade that lasted over 10 hours. This action continues the recent wave of community resistance to fossil fuels, specifically coal and oil trains, in the Pacific Northwest.
These brave individuals have taken a stand in the fight against the destruction of the planet, but they need your help to continue! Legal fees resulting from their work protecting our communities are a serious roadblock on the way to a fossil-fuel free future. Your donations will go directly to help cover such costs and get our activists back onto the front lines where they can keep organizing against the coal trains. Our initial oal is to raise these funds, but more will be needed and any additional donations will be spent on continuing resistance efforts.
Donations of any amount will be accepted. Show the world that you stand with the thousands of individuals who are fighting back against big oil and gas for a cleaner, safer community.
In the past year we have been seeing more and more communities rise up in resistance through direct action against fossil fuels. One example of this kind of direct action is the blockade that occurred last month in Vancouver, WA. This blockade was in response to past train derailments, which have resulted in multiple deaths. Just before that action, hundreds of activists participating in Break Free We Pacific Northwest came together to block the transportation of oil and natural gas in Anacortes, Washington, and before that kayaktavists took to the water to blockade Shell's oil rig bound for Arctic drilling. We applaud activists taking direct action where the legal framework has failed to stop the dangerous train derailments and go a step further to suggest that even if trains never derailed, we oppose fossil fuel extraction on the basis of stopping climate change. No amount of fossil fuels being extracted and burned for energy is safe, because climate change threatens the very existence of life on this planet. Thank you for your support!
Funds from this campaign will be used for legal support for those arrested at the action, and
One of the people without whom the Kubernetes open source container orchestration engine would not exist, and perhaps the whole notion of orchestration would never have come to fruition, does not believe the platform they made feasible is truly at the center of the emerging ecosystem. Yes, we call it a “Kubernetes Ecosystem,” but Google's Tim Hockin explained in this episode of the The New Stack Makers podcast that they perceive the platform as more of a hub for a greater kind of ecosystem — or even “ecosystems,” plural — to come.
“Part of what Kubernetes really set out to do at the beginning,” said Hockin, “was to provide the hub of ecosystems, plural. There's the network ecosystem, the storage ecosystem, and the security ecosystem. In the network ecosystem now, there's a new product to sell: network policy. And people have been innovating on that for the last year, and it's really exciting to see. With respect to things like ecosystem extensions, we have formalized some of the patterns around extensions.”
Here's where Hockin explained to us how the latest edition of the platform replaced its original extensibility construct, called the ThirdPartyResource, with the Custom Resource Definition. Hockin contributes their time and efforts to the Kubernetes project now by way of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation, which is a foundation sponsor of The New Stack's upcoming ebook, The State of the Kubernetes Ecosystem.
In This Edition:
3:58: Breaking down Kubernetes modularity.
10:57: What is the benefit to Kubernetes as a project to point to solutions such as Prometheus?
12:33: What changes do Kubernetes 1. 7 make to the ecosystem, and how enterprises should be able to integrate Kubernetes going forward?
23:36: Defining the proper Kubernetes abstraction.
31:30: Working with multiple applications and differing application models in Kubernetes.
36:02: Client-side Kubernetes discussion in stack management.
The Cloud Native Computing Foundation and Google are sponsors of The New Stack.
Imagine: you are heading to work, the daily grind, trudging along with coffee in hand and suitcase by your side, but when the elevator arrives to pick you up the doors open to a homey, highly decorated and furnished living room with an only semi-surprised resident inside.
Starting early one morning (and staying until late that night), an industrious Dutch art student transformed a simple small elevator space into the epitome of a cozy apartment – complete with table, coffee maker, lights, books, shoes, slippers, shelves, hangers, a clock, mirror and the makings of a series of meals (as well as a phone to place an order for pizza delivery in the evening).
In order to document the process, the artist had photographs taken from roughly the same vantage point at different periods thought the day to catalog their activities and positions (after the initial installation of the art/design). As you can see, they shifted from eating to relaxing, reading, working and other engagements as the day progressed.
All in all, the project caused quite a stir. Various local media sources interviewed them during and after the process and many stopped by for a quick photo opportunity as well.
Coral Gables, FL (June 16, 2016) -- A team of University of Miami researchers has developed a model to identify behavioral patterns among serious online groups of ISIS supporters that could provide cyber police and other anti-terror watchdogs a roadmap to their activity and indicators when conditions are ripe for the onset of real-world attacks.
The researchers, who identified and analyzed second-by-second online records of 196 pro-ISIS groups operating during the first eight months of 2015, found that even though most of the 108,000-plus individual members of these self-organized groups probably never met, they had a striking ability to adapt and extend their online longevity, increase their size and number, reincarnate when shut down--and inspire "lone wolves" with no history of extremism to carry out horrific attacks like the nation's deadliest mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando this week.
"It was like watching crystals forming. We were able to see how people were materializing around certain social groups; they were discussing and sharing information--all in real-time," said Neil Johnson, a physicist in the College of Arts and Sciences who uses the laws of physics to study the collective behavior of not only particles but people. "The question is: Can there be a signal of how people are coming collectively together to do something without a proper system in place?"
The answer, according to the study, "New online ecology of adversarial aggregates: ISIS and beyond," to be published in the journal Science on June 17, is yes. Generalizing a mathematical equation commonly used in physics and chemistry to the development and growth of ad hoc pro-ISIS groups, Johnson and their research team witnessed the daily interactions that drove online support for these groups, or "aggregates," and how they coalesced and proliferated prior to the onset of real-world campaigns.
The researchers suggest that by concentrating just on these relatively few groups of serious followers--those that discuss operational details like routes for financing and avoiding drone strikes--cyber police and other anti-terrorist watchdogs could monitor their buildup and transitions and thwart the potential onset of a burst of violence.
"This removes the guess work. With that road map, law enforcement can better navigate what is going on, who is doing what, while state security agencies can better monitor what might be developing," Johnson said. "So the message is: Find the aggregates--or at least a representative portion of them--and you have your hand on the pulse of the entire organization, in a way that you never could if you were to sift through the millions of Internet users and track specific individuals, or specific hashtags," Johnson said.
While the Johnson team concentrated on the ecology of collective behavior, not on single individuals, they said their roadmap could eventually help security officials track individuals like Omar Mateen, who claimed allegiance to ISIS and other extremist groups while killing 49 people and wounding 53 others at Orlando's Pulse nightclub early Sunday. Authorities say the New York-born Florida man was a lone actor who was radicalized online.
"Our research suggests that any online 'lone wolf' actor will only truly be alone for short periods of time," Johnson said. "As a result of the coalescence process that we observe in the online activity, any such lone wolf was either recently in an aggregate or will soon be in another one. With time, we would be able to track the trajectories of individuals through this ecology of aggregates."
For the study, Johnson and their research team monitored pro-ISIS groups on VKontakte, the largest online social networking service in Europe, which is based in Russia and has more than 350 million users from multiple cultures who speak multiple languages. Unlike on Facebook, which very quickly shuts down these groups, they are able to survive longer on VKontakte.
The researchers began their online search of pro-ISIS chatter manually, identifying specific social media hashtags, in multiple languages, which they used as "signals" to trace the more serious groups. Study co-author Stefan Wuchty, a computer science professor in the College of Arts and Sciences and member of the Center for Computational Science, compared the hashtag search to throwing a stone in a lake, watching the ripples, then following each one.
The hashtags were tracked to the online groups, and the data was fed into a software system that mounted the search; the results were repeated until the chase lead back to groups previously traced in the system. The mathematical equation Johnson and their team borrowed from chemistry and physics illustrated the fluctuation of online groups and pointed to possible predictions.
"The mathematics perfectly describes what we saw in real-time--how big and quickly these online groups grew and how quickly they were shut down by agencies or other monitoring groups," Johnson said.
As cyber police or other anti-terror entities got better at shutting down the groups, Johnson and their team watched the groups reincarnate by changing their names and identities, or shutting themselves down and going quiet, as if they were in stealth mode, only to reappear under a different identity later.
"Much of the scientific community is focusing on different explanations as to why social media is so important, and I think we found research that presents a kind of crystallization method, looking at the dynamics of these groups and how they crystalize, appear, and morph into other groups."
Johnson and their team's quest to distinguish serious pro-ISIS support from casual chatter began largely by coincidence in 2014, when they were working on a grant from the U.S. Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity to develop a model for predicting unrest or mass protest based on online activity. Just as that grant was concluding, ISIS emerged on the world stage, becoming a feared and familiar household name after the beheading of one then another U.S. journalist on camera. More would follow.
The second journalist to lose their lives in such a ghastly fashion, Miami native Steven Sotloff, has ties to the University of Miami. To honor their son's work overseas, their parents established the 2Lives: Steven Joel Sotloff Memorial Foundation, which awarded its first Steven Joel Sotloff Memorial Endowed Scholarship to a UM student in the School of Communication.
###
In addition to Johnson and Wuchty, other coauthors of the Science study are UM's Yulia Vorobyeva and Nicolas Velazquez, of the Department of International Studies; Minzhang Zheng, Andrew Gabriel, Hong Qi, Pedro Manrique, and Chaoming Song, all from the Department of Physics; Elvira Restrepo, of the Department of Geography and Regional Studies; and from Harvard University's Department of Government, Daniela Johnson.
Johnson credited the College of Arts and Sciences Complexity Initiative, under which several of the co-authors were hired as faculty, for enabling researchers from such diverse disciplines to tackle such a significant real-world problem.
The BjjBrick Podcast is in iTunes, Stitcher radio, and RSS link for Andriod
John Will is a listener favorite, and we are thrilled to have them back on the show. John is one of the famous “Dirty Dozen” meaning that they are one of the first 12 non-Brazilians to reach the rank of black belt in BJJ. John was at the early adopter to BJJ and they brought it home to Australia.
We talk about:
Their start with BJJ
Promoting around 90 black belts
What they look for in a black belt
What it takes to be a good coach
Using imagery while teaching
Modeling after world champions
Writing on their blog
How positions and techniques change over time
Providing students what they want vs. what they need
Comparing BJJ to a tree
Developing a culture of helping everyone on the mat
A game called sharks and tuna that their kids play
Other games that are played in the kids class
Off the mat goals they have for their students
John's thoughts on setting and reaching goals
Escaping side control ideas
How learning escapes can build confidence
Different types of drilling
They explain the Red Cat Head logo
Being open to reinventing who you are
Stories from their backpacking adventures
Being dehydrated while backpacking
Links:
Quote of the week: “When you lose, say little. When you win, say less.” Matt Hughes
Article of the week:Jimmy Starts Jiu-Jitsu, A Before And After Story
Gary is working on their BJJ pop up book called “Go Gary Go, See Gary Roll, See Gary Tap”
Catch us next week for another episode of The BjjBrick Podcast
Maureen Keiller and Will Lyman have performed numerous staged readings of Oh God and their intimate knowledge of the text shows in their often nuanced, multi-leveled performances.
Oh God by Anat Gov, translated from the Hebrew by Anthony Berri. Directed by Guy Ben-Aharon. Presented by Israeli Stage at the Arsenal Center for the Arts, Watertown, MA, through April 30.
By Ian Thal
On stage is the home office of a clinical psychologist: sunlight pours through a skylight, bathing the rug, the chairs, and throw pillows in a warm glow. Flora, both succulents and spider plants, hang suspended by twine in ceramic pots in the empty space of the black box theater. In walks Ella (Maureen Keiller) — named for the pistacia terebinthus tree, not for the Hebrew word for “goddess” — watering the plants as they wait for their new patient. When the client (Will Lyman) arrives, they are reluctant to give their name, offers to pay in cash, and unnerves Ella by their extensive knowledge of their personal and professional life. They know, for instance, that they are divorced and has a sixteen year old son with autism who has never uttered a word.  They are tempted to throw them out. Is he, they ask, a high-ranking member of the Shin Bet, the Mossad, or the Israeli Air Force? A celebrity artist? They answer in the affirmative, noting that they create in “all spheres” (perhaps a sly pun on the sefirot of Kabbalist mysticism, which are often imagined as “spheres”). They don't even get it when their request for a name is shrugged off with the answer, “I am that I am” – God's response to Moses to the same question.
The witty banter goes back and forth. Audience members, at least those with a basic knowledge of scripture, are in on the joke. But when the client says that They are, in fact, God, things take an edgy turn. Initially, Ella is convinced that this client is delusional, exhibiting psychotic symptoms that are well outside of their clinical specialization. But after a minor demonstration of their power they are convinced.
Once Ella attempts to psychoanalyze God, playwright Anat Gov transforms comedy into an inquiry both mystic and tragic. God is depressed. They want to die and to take all of humanity with Him. For some reason, Ella has been given a single session to talk God into staying alive.  They are not the best person for the job: they are largely irreligious and does not keep kosher. But like most Israelis they are well educated in scripture. They remind Him of Their covenant with Noah, and thus, to all humanity, to never destroy the world again. God wonders if, after thousands of years, that oath has expired: there must be some statute of limitations given their disgust with what has gone on. There's the blood that humans spill in their name, and the pollution and exploitation of the natural world.
In an interview, director Guy Ben-Aharon explained that they distinguished between Israeli scripts that address issues of the country's identity and Jewish plays that are engaged with conflicts raised by Judaism. Anat Gov's Oh God is of the latter variety; it is deeply engaged in Jewish ideas. Many Christians, as well as some atheists and agnostics who are tied to a Christian cultural perspective, might find the notion of a depressed Almighty seeking psychotherapy to be blasphemous or superficially amusing. But asking questions — whether the tough interrogatives are addressed to God or aimed at Scripture — is central to Jewish thought. It is about the search for understanding rather than undercutting faith. Questioning is not irreverence, but a creative or reparative act (“tikkun” in Hebrew).
Keiller and Lyman have been exploring their characters for three years. They have performed numerous staged readings of Oh God (see Helen Epstein's 2013 review) and their intimate knowledge of the text shows in their often nuanced, multi-leveled performances: the comedy is never oversold, its delivery relying on subtle timing and inflections. But it is their ability dig into the play's dark provocations that sells the second half. Keiller gives a nuanced performance: maintaining Ella's professional composure even as they hint at the feelings (countertransference in psychoanalytic nomenclature) their client evokes in them Lyman, meanwhile, is a God who is traumatized because they cannot break their promises to humanity.
Director Guy Ben-Aharon's design team nicely draws out the play's themes. Cristina Todesco's scenic design captures the balance of order and chaos in Ella's office — the sharp angles of the suspended bookshelves, the teeming unruliness of the plants and toys — float in a Black Hole-ish void. Charles Schoonmaker dresses Ella in vibrant reds mixed with black and earth-tones that seem to shine under Scott Pinkney's lights. Sound designers Darby Smotherman and Skylar Burks place songbirds warbling beyond Ella's skylight.
Ben-Aharon, who has been working with Keiller and Lyman on this play for some time, trusts their actors to interpret their characters. Still, they have made some notable choices in this adaptation. If the late Anat Gov (she passed away in 2012 after a long bout with cancer) had a dramaturgical failing, it was their tendency towards sentimentality (very much in evidence in their play Best Friends), which required them to end their play with not one, but two miracles. Ben-Aharon wisely says dayenu (“it is enough for us”) in this adaptation and only retains a tinier miracle. That makes the session much more ambiguous, suggesting that Ella's encounter with God amounts to their own wrestling with faith. The uncertainty is a wise choice because it keeps the focus of this conflict where it needs to be: a dramatic stand-off that allows for both catharsis and tikkun — but that is also dedicated to ideas.
Ian Thal is a playwright, performer, and theater educator specializing in mime, commedia dell'arte, and puppetry, and has been known to act on Boston area stages from time to time, sometimes with Teatro delle Maschere. They have performed their one-man show, Arlecchino Am Ravenous, in numerous venues in Massachusetts and Rhode Island. One of their as-of-yet unproduced full-length plays was picketed by a Hamas supporter during a staged reading.  They are looking for a home for their latest play, The Conversos of Venice, which is a thematic deconstruction of Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice. Formerly the community editor at The Jewish Advocate, they blog irregularly at the unimaginatively entitled The Journals of Ian Thal, and writes the “Nothing But Trouble” column for The Clyde Fitch Report.
Screengrab from Yahoo!
If you've seen Guardians of the Galaxy (and this is a bit of a spoiler if you haven't), you already know that the best part of the movie is Baby Groot's mid-credits dance to “I Want You Back” by the Jackson 5.
But did you know that Baby Groot is great at dancing to all sorts of other songs, too? We made some videos to show they can groove to just about anything. Their moves are so versatile they'll make you say “I am Groot.”
Advertisement
“Teach Me How to Dougie” by Cali Swag District:
“He's the Greatest Dancer” by Sister Sledge:
“Harlem Shake” by Baauer:
“Doin' It Right” by Daft Punk:
Advertisement
“Crank That (Soulja Boy)” by Soulja Boy:
“Hips Don't Lie” by Shakira feat. Wyclef Jean:
“Pony” by Ginuwine:
“Hot N*gga” (the Shmoney Dance song) by Bobby Shmurda:
Advertisement
“Dancing on My Own” by Robyn:
“Everybody (Backstreet's Back)” by the Backstreet Boys:
“Maple Leaf Rag” by Scott Joplin:
Disgaea For Android Update Adds Paid Items Plus Characters Like Laharl And Adell
By Spencer . May 16, 2011 . 3:07am
On May 26, Nippon Ichi will update Disgaea for Android, but before we get to that let's look at some of the smartphone game's features.
A Prinny is the protagonist of Disgaea for Android. These peg-legged penguins must atone for their crimes in the Netherworld and this game follows a Prinny's (probably endless) journey through the Item World. A new feature is you can earn titles by progressing through the game and defeating bosses.
The next version of the game adds a Netherworld Catalog, a mail-order service players can use to expand the number of items they can hold, get items to escape the Item World, up the number of characters in your party, and add characters to your team.
The character maker lets players customize their team by making party members. You can also add cameo characters Laharl and Adell by purchasing them from the Netherworld Catalog. Nippon Ichi also plans to sell recovery items and cell phones to call temporary heroes, which you can use to save your party when they're in a pinch. Prices for the items have not been announced.
Disgaea for Android's base pack is available now for smartphones using Android OS 2.1 or higher.
Four years in the making, Dambuster Studios' Homefront: The Revolution endured a long and troubled development. Several reboots and its first publisher going into liquidation prompted studio head Hasit Zala to include a heartfelt message to players upon the game's completion—a situation made worse by middling reviews upon release.
Since, however, a series of performance patches have added new missions, fixed a host of bugs, and have generally righted some of the game's initial wrongs. As such, Homefront: The Revolution is free-to-try on Steam this weekend and hopes to demonstrate how it's improved—via both its single-player campaign and its co-op Resistance Mode missions. What's more, the latest patch adds two new missions in Boom Patrol and Indy Forever.
You should check out Tyler's review to better understand the above, however here's the synopsis as per the game's Steam page:
“Four years into the brutal military occupation, America is on its knees. Philadelphia - once the birthplace of Independence - has become a ghetto, where surveillance drones and armoured patrols keep the population at heel, crushing any dissent with savage force.
“Her once-proud citizens live in a police state, forced to collaborate just to survive, their dreams of freedom long since extinguished. But in the badlands of the Red Zone, in the bombed out streets and abandoned subways, a Resistance is forming. A guerrilla force, determined to fight for their freedoms despite overwhelming odds and ignite the second American Revolution. But Freedom always has a price…”
Homefront: The Revolution is free to try until Sunday 1pm PT/9pm BST. If you like what you see, it's also going for £17.99/$23.99 with a 40 percent discount until Monday 10am PT/6pm BST.
And while we're talking weekend Steam deals, both This War of Mine and The Talos Principle are going for 75 percent off at £3.74/$4.99 and £7.49/$9.99, respectively. Both bargains are also on from right now until Monday 10am PT/6pm BST.
President Trump once yelled at Chief of Staff John Kelly so viciously that, per the New York Times, Kelly told staff that “he had never been spoken to like that during 35 years of serving their country.” Trump once screamed at Attorney General Jeff Sessions so viciously that Sessions, per the Times, described it as “the most humiliating experience in decades of public life.” The president also once called up National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster for the express purpose of — you guessed it — screaming at him.
There is a clear pattern of Trump, through their own personal viciousness and carelessness, abusing and alienating their top deputies, publicly as well as privately. This obviously creates an extremely difficult if not downright hostile work environment in the White House.
The consequences can be hard to see on a day-to-day level, but experts say Trump's repeated humiliations of their staff destroy staff White House morale, suck up valuable time better spent on policy, and drive away top talent. This makes the White House function less effectively as an organization, weakening its ability to deal with real crises like North Korea and Puerto Rico.
“This administration is toxic and dysfunctional,” says Paul Musgrave, a political scientist at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. “The weak link is Trump himself.”
The Trump administration is abnormally vicious
This context is necessary to make sense of Wednesday's big news: NBC News's report that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called the president a “moron” after a July 20 meeting. In the months prior to the comment, Trump had repeatedly contradicted Tillerson and publicly undercut him.
In early April, for example, Tillerson said that the Trump administration would be fine with Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad staying in power. Just days later, Trump ordered the US to bomb Assad for the first time, and Tillerson was forced to publicly reverse himself. On June 9, Tillerson called on Saudi Arabia and its allies to end their political isolation of Qatar; less than two hours later, Trump sided with the Saudis by labeling Qatar “a funder of terrorism at a very high level.”
The “moron” comment thus appears to be a backlash to the lack of policy direction and public reprimands by the president, at least in part. “It's not like Cabinet officials are just walking around calling the president a moron,” as Musgrave puts it.
There are a number of examples of top-level officials being mistreated on top of Tillerson, Kelly, Sessions, and McMaster:
During an April meeting with United Nations ambassadors from various countries, the president joked about firing America's representative, Nikki Haley. “Now, does everybody like Nikki? Otherwise they could easily be replaced,” Trump said.
When Steve Bannon was in the White House, Trump publicly dismissed their importance, telling the Wall Street Journal that they were just “a guy who works for me” who “was not involved in my campaign until very late.”
Trump reportedly referred to Kelly's predecessor, Reince Priebus, by the deliberately demeaning nickname “Reincey” and mused about shipping them off to Greece.
Presidents don't always treat their staff well: Lyndon Johnson would famously force staff members to follow them to the bathroom while dressing them down. But the severity and frequency of Trump's outbursts, in some cases without any clear cause, really is not normal.
“You're dealing with very high stakes, so there are some tense professional interactions,” says Julia Azari, a scholar of the presidency at Marquette University. “But the more those aren't personal, and that expectations are clear, and people who are being yelled at are people who haven't met expectations, that's obviously going to be better management.”
Sessions is perhaps the most telling example. He's the Cabinet member who's perhaps most closely aligned with Trump ideologically and most willing to follow orders. It was Sessions, for example, who signed off on Trump's highly unusual decision to fire FBI Director James Comey after the director refused to back off from the investigation into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.
Yet Trump repeatedly humiliated Sessions, both by screaming at them in private and by publicly musing about firing him. The cause was Sessions recusing themselves from the Russia investigation, a decision they made to try to take political heat off the Trump administration. Sessions, as Musgrave puts it, “gave almost nothing but loyalty and still got abused.”
Sessions's treatment illustrates how pervasive and defining these levels of attacks were. There is no way to say that Trump's management of their subordinates is normal or healthy, even in a pressure-cooker environment like the West Wing.
“It's important to emphasize that this isn't just a bunch of academics pissing and moaning about Trump because we don't like him,” adds Azari. “There were many qualified Republican candidates who would not be having these problems.”
This really matters
Back in May, an anonymous source told Just Security's Kate Brannen that the administration resembled a kind of “Game of Thrones for morons.” The point was that top-level officials were constantly feuding with one another for influence and job security, by (among other things) keeping up with the president's fickle moods.
The specific word “moron” obviously has extra resonance today, but the overall description helps explain why the toxic work environment the president creates matters for people outside the White House. When people are simultaneously disgusted by and afraid of their boss, it's very hard for them to do their jobs effectively.
“In this situation, it really becomes an open question as to whether the structure of the Trump administration and the president's personality makes success possible,” Musgrave says.
This is a problem not just for those staff members but for the broader public.
Senior US officials have limited time — Tillerson, for example, is responsible for coordinating diplomacy with every country on earth. Every minute spent on internal competition for influence, having to manage a vicious Trump meeting, or handling the press after the president publicly undercuts you is a minute not being spent working on actual policy issues. That time trade-off directly undercuts the administration's ability to solve real issues.
What's more, public clashes between the president and top aides can literally undercut the administration's foreign policy goals. This past weekend, for example, Tillerson said that they were negotiating directly with North Korean officials — but then Trump tweeted that they should knock it off.
“I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that they are wasting their time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,” Trump wrote. “Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!”
This kind of mixed signal makes it hard for the North Koreans to figure out what the US government wants from them, to put it mildly — lowering the chances of a negotiated solution to the standoff.
The fact that Trump's rough management style has been publicly reported makes all of this worse. It makes it hard to fill vital open positions, like the currently vacant top-level policy positions for Asia and the Middle East at the State Department, and hard to replace the highest-level officials when they invariably quit (as Tillerson may yet).
“If the White House looks like the wheels are coming off, they're not going to attract more people,” Azari says. “You're not going to want to get yourself mixed up in something that's not only toxic on a day-to-day level but politically toxic.”
These kinds of vacancies are devastating for departments.
Take State as an example. Top-level political appointees are necessary to shape policy, as they serve as a conduit between the administration and foreign governments. Without people in these positions, career diplomats fill in as best as they can, but they have a hard time making new decisions or formulating new policy. It's nigh unprecedented to go this long with this many vacancies because it cripples America's ability to develop diplomatic stances on vital issues.
Ultimately, the biggest question all of these raises is about Donald Trump himself. If the people who work with them daily, people they elevated to some of the highest positions in the land, think he's a “moron” or hate the way they treat them — well, those judgments certainly should mean a lot to those of us on the outside.
“Republican presidents often have their intelligence questioned — [think] Ford, Reagan, George W. Bush. But I think the record shows that people closer to them came to appreciate their qualities,” Azari adds.
“We do not see these things from people close to Trump.”
Rest in peace iPod shuffle and Nano. The websites for the MP3 players were taken down by Apple this week in the wake of the products being discontinued.
Try searching for the products in the Apple Store and you'll hit dead URLs. The death of these two small players follows the official end of the iconic iPod in 2014.
Apple stated, “Today, we are simplifying our iPod lineup with two models of iPod touch now with double the capacity starting at just $199 and we are discontinuing the iPod shuffle and iPod nano”.
You can buy the iPod touch in with 32GB and 128GB storage options. The previous iteration of the 16GB and 64GB capacities are no longer available.
If you are desperate to get your hands on the Apple products, get down to your local BestBuy or similar before they run out. The nano didn't get much attention thrown its way over the last few years. It got a small redesign in 2012 when getting upgraded to allow Bluetooth headphones and speakers. In 2015 it got a bunch of new colorways added. The clip on iPod shuffle, promoted heavily to runners, was also mainly ignored in recent history, getting its last redesign in 2010. The end of the iPod shuffle will be missed by runners and others alike who appreciated its tough design and low price.
The iPod was launched on October 23, 2001. Steve Jobs announced the new device as a way to put “1,000 songs in your pocket.” The iPod went through many iterations of nano, shuffle and touch until now. When only the touch remained, smartphones have killed the need for MP3 players of any kind.
Music consumption has changed a lot since the birth of the iPod too. Rather than storing thousands of songs on a hard drive, people are more likely to pay for a premium music streaming service like Spotify to have any music they want at their fingertips via their smart phone.
A report from Nielsen Music reported that in 2016 streaming services provided around 38% of the music consumption market in the US. That's around 251 billion songs. This shift to streaming services has made a huge impact on the way record companies and artists operate financially. Previously, artists would make the majority of their profits from record sales and tours were just a tool of promotion for that. Even when people stopped buying physical records, they were likely still buying the music online. A song for $1.29 on iTunes would see a chunk of that returned to the artist. In comparison a song streamed on Spotify pays the artist just $0.004891 per stream according to the website Digital Music News. This seems pretty low, but then again if you are the Candian rapper, Drake and you've been streamed more than 5.4 billion times you are doing ok.
In fact, if you are thinking of starting a music career, go with the Hip-Hop/R&B genre. It's the most commonly streamed type of music, credited with 28% of all the music streamed.
Source:The Verge
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
WhatsApp
Reddit
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
The International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions (IAAPA) 2016 conference kicks off this week, and while the conference starts today the floor show doesn't open until tomorrow. In the meantime, attendees can see exhibitors setting up their booths which means we get sneak peeks at new arcade machines. Daytona 3 Championship USA is probably the biggest reveal at the event, so it only makes sense that we get a leak. Thanks to Arcade Belgium, we have a look at the 8-seater setup of the game. Unfortunately, the game wasn't running and the photo isn't the highest quality, so we can't see the game in action and are unable to confirm if the AM2 logo appears on the machine. I did notice that in the lower left of the machine there are what appear to be sponsor logos, and one kinda-sorta looks like the AM2 logo, but there's no way to tell from this photo. Also, it is worth noting that recent AM2 games did not feature the studio logo on the machine. Fans shouldn't fret, however, as we had learned from a reliable source that much of the original Daytona USA team worked on the game.
More information, including a trailer, should be hitting soon!
Te Maire Martin is set to join the Warriors after knocking back Melbourne in a move that will expedite the immediate the transfers of Tui Lolohea to Wests Tigers and Mitchell Moses to Parramatta.
The Warriors have been on the lookout for a replacement to Kieran Foran after they announced their move to Canterbury next season and have identified Penrith playmaker Martin as the man to take their place. The Storm were also in the mix for Martin's signature as they attempt to replace Sydney-bound Cooper Cronk, but have been told they are set to head back to their native New Zealand. The Storm have now missed out on Martin, Foran and Anthony Milford as the halves merry-go-round gets into full swing.
Te Maire Martin is seen as a long-term replacement for Kieran Foran at the Warriors. Credit:Matt King
Martin is keen to join the Warriors straight away and the Panthers aren't expected to stand in their way. The move will prompt speculation the Mountain Men will be making a big-money play for Cronk.
Lolohea has been considering offers from Canberra and North Queensland but believes the best career path for them lies at Wests Tigers. They have asked for a release from the Warriors, which is likely to be forthcoming when the Martin deal is officially signed off. Lolohea's move to the Tigers will be for the remainder of this year, plus two additional seasons. They will immediately slot in alongside Luke Brooks in the halves, freeing up Moses go straight across to the Eels. Lolohia will then be in prime position to take over at fullback when James Tedesco shifts to the Roosters in 2018.
The shift seemingly has benefits for all parties. Lolohea will get a regular starting spot in their preferred position after languishing with the Warriors' feeder club, Auckland Vulcans; Martin will get the chance to establish themselves as first-grader as Foran's long-term replacement; the Tigers will fill the last remaining piece in their quest for 'big four' replacements; and Parramatta will get the half they have been pining for to play alongside Corey Norman.
The Tigers are also poised to add Dragons prop Russell Packer to their roster for next season, ensuring the rebuild under new coach Ivan Cleary has been a swift one. The Tigers have also signed Bulldog Josh Reynolds and Warrior Ben Matulino as the player market, despite the uncertainty over the salary cap figure for next year, shifts into overdrive.
While Melbourne is yet to find a suitable replacement for Cronk, they are expected to bolster their forwards stocks. Canterbury, seeking to offload players to accommodate the arrival of Foran and Aaron Woods, are likely to release Sam Kasiano to the ladder leaders next year.
Animal Services employees gathered with community activists Tuesday to protest against the potential outsourcing of their jobs, which they say could create public safety threats.
They rallied outside of the San Diego County Administration Center to protest the Board of Supervisors and call attention to the damage that outsourcing their positions to the San Diego Humane Society could do to the community.
In response to the protest, a County official said no decision has been made yet.
“The only decision that has been made regarding Animal Services is that after June of 2018, we will no longer provide service to San Diego, Carlsbad, Encinitas, Del Mar, Solana Beach and Santee,” stated Michael Workman, San Diego County Communications Director.
According to Workman, the San Diego County is currently in the process of gathering community input so that a thoughtful decision can be made that is best for the animals and the taxpayers we serve.
"If this department is eliminated, it is gone forever in favor of a private nonprofit known for low pay and high turnover, which is under absolutely no obligation to comply with the state Public Records Act, open-meetings laws or even to speak to any reporter [or citizen]," said Katie Reid from Ramona. "So, goodbye accountability."
Members of the Board of Supervisors have not followed their own procedures required by the managed competition policy and the County charter, according to the group.
The group claims that Animal Services offers expertise, experience and accountability that is not possible to match using an outside agency.
Animal Services officials said they deal with a breadth of safety threats such as dog fights, rattlesnakes, quarantines, animal hoarding and abuse. Outsourcing could lower the training for officers, causing issues that would threaten public safety, according to the group.
A A
SEATTLE - A woman on a bicycle was killed Friday morning when they were struck by a large box truck in downtown Seattle, police said.
Officers and medics responded to the scene, at Second Avenue and University Street, at about 9 a.m. after receiving reports of a serious accident.
The bicyclist was found dead at the scene, said Jonah Spangenthal-Lee of the Seattle police.
Witnesses said the bicyclist was heading south on Second Avenue in the left-hand bike lane at the same time as the truck was heading south in the left traffic lane. The truck then turned left on University Street and struck the bicyclist, witnesses said.
The truck driver, a man in their 40s, stopped after the collision and was interviewed by p0lice. There was no indication that they were impaired at the time of the crash, police said.
"They just did not see each other, and it happened so quickly where the biker just got run over by the truck and was completely unresponsive immediately afterwards," said witness Daniel George. "It was unbelievable. It happened so quickly. It was a tragedy."
George said it appeared the truck driver didn't realize what had happened at first.
"He got out of the truck immediately, and they were just completely distraught when it happened," George said. "All you heard was a bang and the next thing you know, the biker was face down on the street.
"It was just bad. It was terrible. I don't know how to react. I still don't know how to react," they said.
Detective Patrick Michaud of the Seattle police said investigators want to know whether the bicyclist was in the truck driver's blind spot when they turned.
"That's very possible, and we're going to look into that," Michaud said. "When we do these kinds of investigations, we take the vehicle that was involved, and the bike, and we do measurements, and we can figure out exactly where people were, and we can determine if the person was, in fact, in the blind spot of the vehicle."
They added that the bicycle had the right-of-way in this case.
"When you're making a left turn, you have the duty to make sure you are clear to do so," Michaud said. "The bikes have the right-of-way to be able to go straight, even if you are making a left turn and you are on the left side, so you have to clear the turn before you can make it."
Antoine McNamara, a bicyclist who sometimes rides along Second Avenue, said it is a very dangerous place for cyclists.
"I know they're supposed to open a new bike lane in about a week or two, and it's just such sad timing that we couldn't get on this earlier," McNamara said. "This is an incredibly dangerous bike lane ... you bike right through the door zone. ... I never actually use the lane because it's so unsafe. I take the actual traffic lane."
"I've always been told to assume that the drivers can't see you - that they're texting and that they're drunk, because at least one of those is probably true," they added.
Image copyright Reuters
Melania Trump, the wife of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, has rejected suggestions that they violated visa rules when they started working as a model in New York.
In a statement they said they had followed immigration laws "at all times".
Mrs Trump has yet to clarify what type of visa they used during a 1995 photo shoot in New York.
Mr Trump has taken a hard line on illegal immigration in their campaign.
So far, the Trump campaign has refused to say exactly which visas Mrs Trump had, and when they had them.
The development comes during a turbulent week for the billionaire property developer.
There are reports of deep divisions in the Republican Party after a series of controversial statements by the nominee.
Trump insists campaign is united
Staffer sorry for Melania speech 'chaos'
Why the Melania plagiarism row matters
Teachers are thanking Melania Trump
Mrs Trump said they began working as a model in the US in 1996, but nude photos published at the weekend by a New York tabloid appear to have been taken in 1995 for a now defunct French magazine.
BBC Washington correspondent Gary O'Donoghue says this discrepancy has raised questions about their immigration status at the time and whether they had the right to work.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Donald Trump's campaign has experienced a turbulent week
The owner of one modelling agency, Paolo Zampolli, says they sponsored Mrs Trump for an H1B work visa in 1996.
They have said that they had to go back to their native Slovenia every few months to renew their permit - something that is only generally necessary for tourist and business visas that do not permit work.
Our correspondent says the confusion has the potential to do significant damage to Mr Trump's campaign, given their robust views on illegal immigrants.
They have also railed against the use of the H1B visa specifically, suggesting abuse of it is widespread and rampant.
Mr Trump was formally adopted last month as the Republican candidate for November's presidential election.
STANFORD, Calif. — If Horatio Alger was still writing stories today, would their characters enjoy successful upward mobility as easily as they did in the 1800s? A new study finds that the odds of individuals born in the 1980s to earn a higher income their parents has dropped notably versus people born in the 1940s.
Academics at Stanford University, led by esteemed economics professor Raj Chetty, looked at the rate of economic mobility in the U.S., which they measured by one's ability to earn more than their parents through the promise of the “American Dream”— i.e. rising above one's peers with sufficient effort.
Previous researchers had been stymied in analyzing the longitudinal ability for individuals to accomplish upward mobility over their parents, in large part because of the lack of sufficient datasets that could examine the issue.
To accomplish their goals, Chetty et al. took an innovative approach, combining data from the U.S. Census and Current Population Survey with tax records, all while controlling for variables such as inflation.
In the course of their research, the academics found that only half of individuals born in the 1980s earned more than their parents.
This figure is alarming, especially when one takes into consideration how 92 percent of those born in 1940 out-earned their parents.
Region did play a factor in one's ability to outpace their parents' earning potential. States in the Midwest— e.g. Indiana and Illinois— saw the greatest declines in upward mobility, while many states in the Northeast, such as Massachusetts and New York, were affected the least.
LIKE STUDIES? FOLLOW STUDYFINDS.ORG ON FACEBOOK!
While the researchers determined that a slowing GDP growth rate may be somewhat responsible for the decline in upward mobility, the decline in mobility has mostly been due to an economic distribution that increasingly favors the wealthy.
Ultimately, without a change in the current distribution of wealth, a change in any other variable would only have a modest effect upon the ability for individuals to demonstrate upward mobility, the researchers argue.
Governmental initiatives, such as raising minimum wage and creating more tax incentives for those who need them, could assist in narrowing the economic gap.
The study's findings were published in the journal Science.
QUEBEC — In reluctantly tabling back-to-work legislation that puts the construction strike on ice for now, the provincial government has managed to please almost nobody in the dispute and has set the stage for a possibly nasty showdown in the future.
At least a plea by union leader Michel Trépanier calmed hundreds of striking workers who were blocking access to the main entrance of the National Assembly as part of a protest that risked turning nasty Monday.
Aside from a few cans and bottles being tossed at riot police, there was no damage — though a historic fountain had to be cleaned because workers filled it with dishwashing liquid.
“The owners asked for this (bill) and they got their gift today,” said Trépanier, spokesperson for L'alliance syndicale de la construction, representing 175,000 striking construction workers.
Construction companies “have been in the driver's seat from the get go, but this law is contestable and we will contest it,” Trépanier said at a news conference capping an emotion-filled day at the legislature.
They said union lawyers are examining the legality of Bill 142 for two possible court challenges: over the loss of workers' rights to negotiate a collective agreement, and the heavy-duty powers the government retains for itself in an eventual arbitration process.
Meanwhile, the Quebec Construction Association, representing industrial and commercial builders, denounced the legislation as a gift to workers in the form of an automatic 1.8-per-cent pay increase.
“We have no assurance the workers will negotiate after they get their raise,” construction spokesperson Éric Côté said in an interview. “They can just sit there and do nothing.”
The only group to express satisfaction was the association representing residential builders — l'Association des professionnels de la construction et de l'habitation du Québec (APCHQ) — because, said spokesperson François-William Simard, at least now all the parties are headed back to the bargaining table.
As for the government, the frustration was palpable as it found itself dragged into the dispute because of the failure of employers and workers to solve their own problems — for the second time since 2013.
The government felt it had no choice, saying the strike costs the Quebec economy $45 million a day.
In Montreal, work on giant construction sites like the new Champlain Bridge and Turcot Interchange has ground to a halt. Also paralyzed are dozens of road projects, renovations to the Queen Elizabeth Hotel and construction of the new Manulife tower. In Quebec City, a $60-million re-fit of the legislature is stopped.
Dragging the government into the feud is getting to be a bad habit, Premier Philippe Couillard said in the legislature before MNAs buckled down to debate Bill 142, which was expected to pass in the wee hours Tuesday.
“We have to get away from this mechanism, which has been used repeatedly over the years, where neither party seems to have an interest or real willingness to settle and says, ‘We'll fall back on the government to settle a private conflict,'” Couillard said.
Employment Minister Dominique Vien tabled the bill around noon, forcing an end to the five-day strike and putting workers back on the job as of Wednesday.
Bill 142 also gives management and unions five months to come to an agreement before an arbitrator does it for them.
Workers who refuse to go back to work will face stiff fines.
The stand off continues. Workers pitching cans and bottles at SQ riot squad. #Construction #assnat pic.twitter.com/9Vz8nTmxzR — Philip Authier (@PhilipAuthier) May 29, 2017
The 1.8-per-cent wage increase that the bill imposes is slightly less than what had been offered in the final crunch of failing talks over the weekend — the Quebec Construction Association had offered 1.9 per cent — and significantly less than the 2.6 per cent the workers are demanding.
Unions and management have until Oct. 30, 2017, to talk before proceeding to arbitration, Vien told reporters. “It's in the interests of all parties to seize this second chance.”
The minister warned all sides to make good use of the time because they might not be happy with what an arbitrator might impose. The ultimate date for an agreement under that scenario is April 2018.
“We always said to the parties that they would not win in having a special bill,” Vien said. “What we want to do is break this attitude people have, which is to wait for a special law, saying, ‘regardless, what we want will be in a bill anyway.'”
In addition to suspending the right to strike, the bill takes a hard line on arbitration, giving the government the power to decide which union demands will go to the arbitrator.
The unions complained that normally the two sides agree which issues can go before arbitration.
Meanwhile, Parti Québécois leader Jean-François Lisée called the bill “unjust and probably illegal,” noting that in 2015 the Supreme Court struck down as unconstitutional a Saskatchewan law preventing the public sector from striking.
For their part, Coalition Avenir Québec leader François Legault said the government must find a permanent solution to the construction conundrum, and criticized the Liberals for not acting sooner.
Outside the legislature, tensions were running high all day as hundreds of workers set up picket lines and launched into a concert of horns, whistles and slogans.
In one heated moment late in the afternoon, it looked like strikers would try and enter the grounds, prompting the Sûreté du Québec riot squad to take up a position at the main gate.
Cans and water bottles were thrown at police, prompting Trépanier to step in and make use of a police loudspeaker.
“I ask you one thing,” they told the crowd. “Do not trash this place because that would scrap everything we built (in the way of public trust).”
Related
It is the second time this year that Quebec has enacted back-to-work legislation, after it ordered striking notaries and lawyers back on the job a five-month strike that paralyzed Quebec's legislative agenda.
In that dispute, the two sides have been negotiating since October 2016, to no avail.
In 2013, the short-lived PQ minority government of Pauline Marois imposed a deal on the same parties after talks broke down. Two-thirds of the workers had settled before the law came down. The PQ renewed contracts for one year with a 2-per-cent increase.
pauthier@postmedia.com
A terribly embarrassed Taliban spokesperson is on the hunt for a new hiding spot after accidentally revealing their location in a series of geo-tagged tweets last week.
Zabiullah Mujahid apparently forgot to disable the location identification system automatically built into Twitter before tweeting at least three times over the course of two days last week, outing their hiding spot in Sindh, Pakistan, Quartz reports.
نورستان : کامديش کې ۳ پوستې فتحه او ۱۴ عسکر ووژل شول: http://t.co/CzDLvRWS7E — zabihullahmujahid (@zabihmujahid) October 2, 2014
د نیکمرغه لوي اختر د رارسیدو په مناسبت دعالیقدر امیرالمومنین دمبارکۍ پیغام(ږغیز):https://t.co/hz94Eai6k3 — zabihullahmujahid (@zabihmujahid) October 3, 2014
An undoubtedly nervous Mujahid quickly denied they were in Pakistan, claiming instead the locations tagged on the tweets were part of an “enemy plot” they neglected to expound upon.
According to the report, Mujahid could be an identity maintained by multiple individuals.
Earlier this summer, multiple Russian soldiers unwittingly revealed the country's military presence inside eastern Ukraine with a series of location-tagged posts on social media. (RELATED: Russian Soldiers' Selfies Accidentally Prove Military Presence In Ukraine)
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook
Dutch's (facebook page) is easily my favorite bar in town, but calling it a bar is really a disservice. It's a bottle shop, amazing craft beer bar, and larder. So basically it's full of great beer to drink there, great beer to take home, and great food to go with your great beer! Multiple times a week they have special tap takeovers and last night was no different. MadTree is up in the house with Batch One, Identity Crisis, and PyscHOPathy!
First off a bit about Dutch's. Like I said it's got a killer combo of being a bar + bottle shop. Many times of year you can have a beer, decide you like it, then buy a bottle to take home. To be honest, though the bottle shop kinda sucks, not their quality mind you, just deciding what you want. It's one big window that's exposed to the elements.
Not so bad in summer, but pretty horrendous right now. The downside outside is that it's a lot harder to take your time and browse, study bottles, and Google different brews. Sometimes you're about 10 feet away from the bottle and there is usually someone standing behind you in line. Counter to that is the fact that they have an outstanding quality of bottles. If there is some crazy awesome rare beer that is distributed in Ohio there are really good odds that Dutch's has it!
Heading inside to the bar I've never been disappointed by their tap selection. I'm told they have great wine as well but know nothing about wine so I won't speak on that point any more than I have. Again a downside here is that this place is TINY. If anything decent is happening your probably standing, if anything awesome is happening you're standing slightly uncomfortably close to your friends and very uncomfortably close to strangers. But the beer is always worth the hassle. Also in nice weather they have a sweet patio out back which lessens some of the load of the bar area.
Moving on to the food I've only eaten here a few times but it's always been delicious. I'm no foodie and leave that kind of blogging to others but damn do I love their Orzo pasta salad, I could down gallons of that stuff. Really it's just nice to be at a great bar that has great food to fill your belly and help you keep drinking!
Right, so that is Dutch's bar, bottle shop, and larder. If you haven't been there go check it out… just be prepared to hunt for parking. Now let's move on to some MadTree!
I was outside by a smokey fire drinking multiple beers and eating, so I'm not going to give these a full review just some basic info and quick thoughts. I was also able to talk to Kenny for a few minutes about these beers and one burning question.
Identity Crisis
Black(ish) IPA that could really use a lot more hops. Per Kenny, this beer will be dry hopped a lot more in the future. They're currently using Simcoe hops but plan on moving to Amarillo.
PyscHOPathy
[Pronounced psych-hop-a-thee] – Excellent hoppy IPA that is very deceiving in appearance. It pours a lighter brownish yellow and has a pure white bubbly head. But the flavor is intense and very forward with bitter hops!
Batch One (aka Happy Amber)
Named for being their first batch on their production system. Nice amber ale but nothing earth shattering here. Next time this is brewed it'll be called Happy Amber so look for that coming soon and don't get upset if you can't find Batch One anymore.
When do you expect your cans to be out? – Early April via Cavalier distributing.
That's all for today folks, look for MadTree taps all around town and check out their Facebook page!
Share. Buy one, get a demo download code for Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire. Buy one, get a demo download code for Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire.
Nintendo of America revealed today that Pokémon Puzzle Challenge and Pokémon Trading Card Game will launch on 3DS Virtual Console next month.
Pokémon Puzzle Challenge will hit 3DS first on November 6 for $5 USD, followed by Pokémon Trading Card Game on November 13 for $6 USD. Pokémon Trading Card Game already came out for 3DS Virtual Console in Europe.
Exit Theatre Mode
In addition, Nintendo announced that by purchasing either Pokémon game, players will receive a free code for the Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire demo on their receipts while supplies last.
IGN loved both games when they originally released on Game Boy Color in 2000. Pokémon Trading Card Game and Pokémon Puzzle League each earned amazing scores.
Evan Campbell is a freelance news writer who streams games on their Twitch channel, talks about Nintendo weekly on the NF Show, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
As the number of Canadians dying from opioid overdoses continues to grow, the federal government is preparing to make it easier to open supervised drug injection sites.
Federal Health Minister Jane Philpott is set to bring forward on Monday proposed legislation to make changes to the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.
For months, Philpott has been facing pressure to speed up the process to open new sites, where addicts use intravenous drugs in a safe and medically supervised environment. B.C. in particular has been vocal. The province has seen hundreds die from drug overdoses this year alone, and provincial officials have labelled the opioid crisis a public health emergency.
In September, Philpott announced their office was reviewing the rules around supervised injection sites to "get it right."
"I've made it very clear to my department that there should be no unnecessary barriers for communities who want to open supervised consumption sites," Philpott said at the time.
Last month, Health Canada called the growing number of overdoses and deaths a "public health crisis" and at the national opioid summit in Ottawa re-committed to making those changes. The department also said it would support new applicants for safe injection sites and keep the public up to date on applications.
​Demand for more sites
B.C.'s Provincial Health Officer, Dr. Perry Kendall, said earlier this year that the Respect for Communities Act, passed by the Harper government in 2015, "makes it very, very difficult, labour-intensive and expensive" to get the necessary exemption to open a new site.
They said both they and provincial Health Minister Terry Lake had written to Philpott, asking them to streamline the process.
Right now, Insite and the Dr. Peter Centre in Vancouver are the only supervised injection sites approved in Canada. On Thursday, bypassing federal red tape, Lake announced the opening of two "overdose prevention sites" in Vancouver, and more set to open in Surrey and Victoria in the coming weeks. Many so-called pop-up sites have also appeared, without approval, in response to the crisis.
Montreal, Toronto and Edmonton are among the jurisdictions preparing applications or awaiting federal approval to open their own sites. There are ongoing discussions in many more communities. In B.C., health officials in Surrey and Victoria have identified additional sites for which they will seek federal approval.
In Ottawa, the city's board of health has voted to support community health centres that bring forward safe injection site proposals, although the mayor and police chief remain opposed to the sites.
Image caption Gardai Technical Bureau investigators examined the Limerick crime scene
Harrowing details have emerged in the Irish Republic about two unrelated multiple murders, described as a "black day of attacks" by the Irish Times.
A mother, their son of three, daughter of five months and an adult female friend were found stabbed in Co Limerick. The mother's former partner was arrested.
In Co Cork, a man killed themselves after strangling their daughters, six and two, while their mother was at work.
Both they and the Limerick suspect are said to have been unemployed.
They are both believed to have worked in the building trade among other occupations.
Police have sealed off the houses in Newcastle West, Limerick, and the village of Ballybraher near Ballycotton, Cork, as detectives collect forensic evidence.
Arrested in pub
Police arrested the suspect in the Limerick killings on Tuesday afternoon, hours after the four bodies were found in Newcastle West.
They were found in a pub in Kilkee, Co Clare.
Apparently, the suspect had phoned a friend to tell them about the murders, and the friend had immediately alerted police.
Sarah Hines, 25, their son Reece and daughter Amy, and family friend Alicia Brough, 20, had been dead for a number of hours when they were found in the family's rented house on the Hazelgrove estate in Gortboy, Newcastle West.
The unnamed suspect, 31, previously worked in the construction and manufacturing trade, the Irish Independent reports.
It adds that they were "briefly treated in the past as an outpatient for psychiatric care".
'Beautiful children'
In the Cork case, father-of-two John Butler, 43, strangled their little girls Zoe and Ella at the family bungalow on Tuesday morning before dousing their car in petrol and crashing it into a tree at high speed.
Butler, a former steelworker and builder who had not worked for several months, acted while the girls' mother Una was at their job in a tax office in Cork city.
They died in the blazing wreck of their car.
Hearing a man had been killed in a car crash in Ballycotton, Una tried ringing their mobile and, getting no answer, called a relative.
The relative and another family member went to the Butlers' home where they found the dead bodies of the sisters, in their pyjamas.
Butler, a former Gaelic footballer, had previously worked in Irish Steel before moving to construction in recent years, finding only occasional work of late due to the recession, the Irish Times reports.
Ann McNamara, a friend of the family, told the Irish Independent no one could believe the news about the three deaths.
"We all met up at a birthday party only the other week," they said.
"It is terrible, so terribly sad. They're such a lovely family - such beautiful children."
Thanks to the success of a machine that captures and stores suspects' shoe-prints, the police have a powerful new weapon in the fight against crime – just as long as criminals don't throw away their footwear …
They don't have a nickname for it yet, but it's the new star of Colindale police station in north London. It's a box that looks a bit like a bathroom scale with hazard patterning, and it has singlehandedly nabbed 71 burglars in the past eight months. It's their new footwear-scanner and for now it is unique. Soon, though, it will be a basic part of many custody officers' procedures: fingerprints, photograph, DNA, shoe-print. The plan is to roll the scanners out to the rest of London over the next year, then nationally. Beyond that, the Metropolitan police are talking to interested parties from as far away as the US.
“You can take a lot of measures to disguise your actions if you're burgling homes,” explains Commander Simon Letchford, the Crime Prevention lead at the London Metropolitan Police, “But unless you're going to do it walking on your hands, it's not possible to disguise your shoe-print.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An image produced by the new shoe scanner. Photograph: Gavin Haynes
Everyone's shoe-print is unique – the police have long known that. The problem they have faced has been one of processing. “Historically, prints were taken with paper and ink,” says Constable Jason Hall, who has been working with the Colindale scanner for eight months. “Then you'd send them off to the central database where they'd be entered manually. The whole process would take between three and five days, by which point a lot of suspects would be out on bail or released.”
Officers now pass about 70% of suspects through the device – up from 3% under the old system. In one case, a man arrested for a minor offence was linked to seven local burglaries, thanks to the scanner.
Of course, the system relies on a criminal still owning the shoes they used during the crime after their arrest. “But you'd be surprised,” Letchford contends. “A lot of these trainers are quite expensive. It's a fashion thing.”
That was also borne out in 2010 when a PhD student Matthew Tonkin compared shoe-prints across Northamptonshire to conclude that local burglars were most commonly rocking Reebok Classics. They also suggested an inverse relationship between the social deprivation of the burglar and the price of their trainers.
But Letchford doesn't want to comment on that. “Because some of these shoe models are quite rare, it gives us the ability to link quite a lot of crimes together. We know what the most popular lines are, but that's sensitive information.”
In hindsight, it seems an obvious bit of automation. But no one had thought of connecting scanners to the database before a police officer, Julie Henderson, a sergeant at Colindale when they came up with the idea, now a detective inspector with Letchford's team, sourced and designed the interface. It's all part of a broader wave of information technology in crime prevention. After a sharp increase in the 1980s and 90s, burglaries have fallen 14% in the past year, to their lowest levels since the 1970s. Right now it seems that, in the tech war between cops and criminals, the law is pulling ahead.
245 million shares of Tesco are sold by Berkshire Hathaway investment company.
Berkshire Hathaway firm owned a 3.7% stake in Tesco
The supermarket's sales are declining and in addition to that share price has fallen to an 11-year low this year.
Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio consist names like Coca-Cola, IBM and American Express and it started to include Tesco in 2006 and by 2012 owned more than 5% of the business.
245 million shares of Tesco are sold by Berkshire Hathaway investment company. Berkshire's holding is below 3% after the sale.at the end of 2013, a stake worth about £1bn. Berkshire Hathaway is Warren Buffett's investment company.  They are also known as the "the Sage of Omaha."Earlier this month hThe supermarket's share price has plunged more than 50% over the last 52 weeks after falling sales and there was unrest among investors because of accounts mis-reporting.Similar to Berkshire Hathaway, Blackrock, also began selling down its 5% Tesco stake in September.Mr Buffett is known for making most likely estimation about established companies rather than investing in riskier stocks.Tesco has seen declining sales amid increased competition. The discount retailers like Aldi and Lidl are in the market and Marks & Spencer and Waitrose are providing high-end offerings to attract customers.Tesco says Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has been notified it that it is under investigation following its admission last week that it overstated its half-year profit guidance by £250m.The supermarket giant will co-operate fully with the FCA and other relevant authorities.
ESCONDIDO, Calif. — A group of high school students built a 51-foot, 6-inch peanut butter and jelly sandwich Wednesday in Escondido.
Ten students from Escondido Charter High School put together the gargantuan sandwich in 2 minutes and 35 seconds, event organizer Matt Weathersby said.
They said they used 30 pounds of creamy-style peanut butter, along with 16 40-ounce jars of jellies, jams, marmalades and conserves, which are dried fruits and nuts that are cooked and have a thick and chunky texture. They used eight different flavors, they said.
“The best part was seeing the kids. They were happy, not just the high schoolers who were building the sandwich, but the elementary school kids as they sat down to eat,” Weathersby said.
They said 75 students from the second, third and fourth grades from the Heritage K-8 Charter School ate a lot of but not all of the creation. The older students finished it off.
“There's nothing left,” Weathersby said.
They said Wedeking's Bakery of Escondido provided 2-foot-long loaves of bread, while San Marcos-based Hollandia Dairy donated milk.
According to Weathersby, who operates the Jelly Bear Jelly Company of Escondido, the Guinness World Record for the biggest peanut butter and jelly sandwich is measured by weight, set at 1,342 pounds in Texas a few years ago.
Ronda Rousey still plans to film two movies in early 2016 before returning to the Octagon for their rematch with Holly Holm, according to UFC co-owner Lorenzo Fertitta.
Fertitta told media members this week that Rousey plans to film the upcoming "Road House" remake as well as "Mile 22" with Mark Wahlberg early next year, but their desire to come back and regain the title they lost in November is stronger than ever.
"I went out to see them in L.A. Had some real good conversations with them They are, as you would expect, very disappointed," Fertitta said. "Distraught, to some extent. She's never lost. They never lost a fight in the Octagon. They never lost a fight in the street. They didn't know what it was like. Right?  They are champing to be back in there.
Article continues below ...
"She made some commitments before the fight to make two movies. So she's going to do that. Then get back to training in the Octagon."
Fertitta believes Rousey's return will prove to be the biggest fight in UFC history and if everything works out, they will rematch Holm at UFC 200 in July at the new Las Vegas arena being built by MGM Properties.
The rematch still hasn't come together, but Fertitta is hopeful that a deal will be done to put Holm vs. Rousey 2 as one of the headline fights on what likely would be the most heavily promoted UFC card of all time.
"It will be the biggest fight in UFC history," Fertitta said. "We certainly believe that as a company. I think the world will be interested in a rematch because it was a huge upset. So many people thought Ronda was just completely invincible. To see them get beat like that was a shock. They want to see if they can come back.
"We'd like to make that fight happen in July at UFC 200. We're still talking to Holly's management team to figure out whether that works for them. We should know in the near future."
Fertitta has no doubt that Rousey is 100 percent committed to a rematch with Holm next year despite their budding acting career. They appeared in a trio of films over the past two years and also has committed to a biopic based on the book they co-wrote with their sister titled "My Fight/Your Fight".
"She has options. But let me tell you what. Ronda is the single most competitive person I've ever met in my life," Fertitta said. "If you don't think they aren't ready right now, she's plotting their comeback. I don't think anything can stop them from coming back."
Mini GS Spied! BMW G310GS Spotted During Testing  BMW's tiny ADV moves from rumor to reality with the release of new photos.
Small Adventure Bike fans rejoice! It looks like we're finally beginning to see more choice in the smaller-displacement adventure bike category after a long drought. And after much speculation and a few hints from BMW, the Bavarian manufacturer appears to be ready to jump into the segment. New spy photos released today finally reveal the much anticipated BMW G310GS.
The BMW G310GS will be based on BMW's G310R naked bike, which utilizes a 313cc single-cylinder fuel-injected 4-stroke producing 34 horsepower and 21 ft-lb of torque. With its 6-speed transmission, it's capable of a 90 mph top speed and fuel efficiency of 71 mpg on the highway.
Courtesy Motociclismo
We expect the G310GS will receive increased suspension travel and a 19″ front wheel to improve its off-road prowess. The photos show some family resemblance to the R1200GS in styling like the front beak and silver side panels, but the G310GS will utilize a conventional telescopic front fork and chain drive. A small touring windscreen can also be seen along with a luggage rack.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cast wheels are shown in the photos, but we can only hope that more off-road-focused wire-spoked wheels will be available as an option (as they are on the R1200GS). And if the G310GS ends up weighing somewhere in the neighborhood of the G310R's 349-pound wet weight, it should be maneuverable and easy to manage in the dirt. Its 313cc engine will give it an edge over the 250cc dual sport competition on the highway and if BMW can apply some of their comfort magic, it could be a competent long-distance traveler.
What will it cost? based on the pricing of the G310R and G650GS, we'd expect the G310GS to land somewhere in the $6,000 to $7,000 range. That's a great price range for new riders entering the market and even experienced riders looking for a more practical adventure bike.
The spy photos show what looks like a fully developed motorcycle ready to be released in 2017 and we can even see two different color schemes. We may not have to wait long to see the official specs of the new BMW G310GS, the announcement could occur this week at Intermot or next month at the EICMA show.
For more information on the spy photos, visit the Italian motorcycle magazine website Motociclismo.
It is hard to imagine a time when most pharmacies carried cannabis and farmers were required to grow hemp, much like they are given incentives to grow corn these days, but that is a significant part of the history of the U.S. From the 1600s to the late 1800s, hemp (a cannabis plant containing very little THC) was harvested on U.S. soil to create materials such as rope, paper, and clothing.
In 1619, the Virginia Assembly decided to require farmers to grow hemp for these purposes, according to PBS. Hemp was also used as legal tender in Virginia, Pennsylvania and Maryland around that time. During the 1800s, cannabis products became a popular medicinal substance found in tinctures that were sold in many pharmacies across the nation. It became a requirement to label these over-the-counter medicines containing cannabis, including cocaine and heroin, with the Federal Food and Drugs Act of 1906, but these things were still legal.
Advertisement:
Around 1910, the Mexican Revolution was starting to boil over, and many Mexicans immigrated to the U.S. to escape the conflict. This Mexican population had its own uses for cannabis, and they referred to it as "marihuana." Not only did they use it for medicinal purposes, but they smoked it recreationally, which was a new concept for white Americans. Even the term, marihuana, was unfamiliar to them, as they called it cannabis.
Southern states that were receiving the Mexican immigrants became concerned with this growing population. Newspapers ran headlines speaking of the "Mexican menace" or the "marijuana menace" and claimed Mexican men were going crazy from smoking marijuana and were killing people. El Paso, Texas became the first U.S. city to ban marijuana in 1915, and city officials started rounding up Mexicans who smoked marijuana and had them deported.
"A widow and their four children have been driven insane by eating the Marihuana plant, according to doctors, who say that there is no hope of saving the children's lives and that the mother will be insane for the rest of their life," read a New York Times story from 1927. It was clear the newspapers and tabloids were building a campaign against the plant, and much of it has been said to be based on racist ideologies against Mexican immigrants.
"Reefer Madness," the anti-marijuana propaganda film, came out in 1936. By 1937, 46 of the 48 states passed laws banning marijuana use. That same year, the Marijuana Tax Act was passed, which made it so it was illegal to have marijuana unless it was for specific medical or industrial reasons. That law was eventually ruled to be unconstitutional, but it would be replaced later on. Fast forward to the Boggs Act of 1952 and the Narcotics Control Act of 1956, which was the when the federal government started requiring minimum prison sentences for drug crimes, such as possessing marijuana. In the 1970s, President Nixon declared their war on drugs.
The Controlled Substance Act of 1970 initiated the scheduling of drugs by how dangerous they were perceived to be. Marijuana was made a schedule I drug, which meant it has no “accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse.” The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration was created under Nixon in 1972. The way the federal government handles punishing marijuana crimes was inspired by the Rockefeller Drug Laws, created by New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller in 1973. They made it so there would be strict mandatory jail sentences for possession of drugs and led a harsh campaign against them. In the 1980s, President Ronald Reagan borrowed from these laws and created similar mandatory sentences at a federal level and started pursuing drug users more fervently.
As ATTN: reported before, Reagan's escalation of the drug war led the U.S. to go from 150 people in prison per 100,000 to where it stands now, just over 700 per 100,000. The motivations were originally aimed at the Mexican population, but now people of all ethnicities have suffered from harsh drug laws. That said, minority communities are still disproportionately affected by drug laws. Marijuana may be getting closer to where it was in the 1800s, with it becoming used as medicine and grown legally, but there is still progress to be made in terms of the justice system and federal law.
Advertisement:
More from ATTN:
Here's What Marijuana Does to Breast Cancer
What Does Marijuana Do To Your Lungs?
The Difference Between Driving Drunk vs Stoned
Krowdpop is at the center of massive controversy once again, with an insider leaking chat logs that show the company cannot afford to continue their EXID concert in Vietnam.
On November 4th, the company Krowdpop announced that they would be bringing EXID to Vietnam on December 10th. Over 5000 Vietnamese fans voted to bring the group to their country.
However, the event was quickly plagued with controversy and issues. Koreaboo reported on this story with an in-depth explanation as to the history of Krowdpop, it's parent company KPOP UNITED and its association with company TGM Events.
Since then, Krowdpop has not released any statements on controversy or answered fans questions in a public forum. Banana Culture answered fans through EXID's Official Facebook Page. The message was posted in both Korean and English:
[Notice] Hi, this is BANANA Culture Entertainment.
We've received lots of concerns about EXID's first visit to Vietnam. We are well aware of the situation through thorough monitoring.
Therefore we spoke strongly to the concert organizers and are currently trying to come up with a new solution. Since this is EXID's first visit to Vietnam and we hope the event to go well.
We will post another notice after we are settled with the condition.
Thanks for your support.
BANANA Culture Entertainment Posted by Banana Culture on Wednesday, November 23, 2016
An insider has now stepped forward, revealing crucial information about the tour and the state of Krowdpop. The leaked information reveals Krowdpop's CEO, Richard Choo, had hired their wife, Yeri Oh as one of the key employees in the company.
Yeri Oh has revealed in a group chat message to current Krowdpop Vietnam employees that, “I am aware of the situation that is going on. [..] We do not have the money to cover for the show.”
The insider's post reveals that Krowdpop had a previous mass leaving of employees:
Yeri Oh's missive exposes Richard's irresponsible financial activity, their propensity for blaming their multiple failures on everyone but himself, psychological manipulation of their followers, disdain for their employees and partners, and blatant disregard for the fans.
On November 18, the Krowdpop Vietnam staff demanded that [Krowdpop CEO] Richard Choo take responsibility. Although this is the first time a KPOP UNITED production has been criticized publicly so harshly, Yeri Oh admits that things had “gone wrong” with previous shows, resulting in (apparently internal) “failure and loss” and a backlash against Richard Choo by the staff. “Every time something goes wrong for a show, all the staff puts the blame on Richard and they just leave the company,” they write. “This has always been the cycle.” KPOP UNITED previously produced the 2014 Teen Top USA tour, and the 2015 “Unite the Mic” show in Canada.
The most revealing information about the tour and Krowdpop's current state is revealed when Yeri Oh sends a group message to current employees.
Below is this message:
, D****, P*****, H***** and A*. I am aware of the situation that is going on. We do not have the money to cover for the show. By what said to me, you said this was Richard's plan. But do you really think this was RICHARD'S PLAN all along?
Did Richard PLAN to not have enough money to run this show? No.
Did Richard PLAN for to do such a crappy job of our platform development and have the app fail on us for our first show? No.
Did Richard PLAN the confusion with TGM Events? No.
Did Richard PLAN this venue and all the unexpected fan anger? No.
What happened is what happened and they will try to find solutions to overcome all this unexpected mess.
Every time something goes wrong for a show, all the staff puts the blame on Richard and they just leave the company. This has always been the cycle.
I have been with Richard over 3 years now. And I've seen everything that happened to this company from Krowdpop's very first show.
Richard has never scammed anyone or done anyone wrong purposefully. If they did, I would not be with them until today. I am still with them because I know the truth behind everything that has happened in this company. If not, am I crazy? Or am I dumb??
Even for TGM Events (which they have no relation to) they took the blame and did not say anything (until it started to have direct effect on our show). Banana verified this with the BTS manager and they even posted a support announcement on their official fan club that they verified everything from Korea and that fans were mistaken about Krowdpop. That's how the TGM fume died down. )
And for our old developers who did bad things to Richard, and for all their damage to this company, they took all the shit and did not say anything.
, I know you do not want to take the blame for the venue. AND YOU WON'T. Richard will make sure you don't have to take any responsibility for any of this. Neither will . Richard will put the full blame on himself. So don't worry.
I know you all believe Richard to be a good person. This was why you had given them your trust and respect from the very beginning. What a person feels cannot be manipulated. You saw their good heart.
you said Krowdpop is a game? But what game are we playing?
you said this team is just a tool for you guys to control. But control for what? For failure?
The money was used upfront so that everyone at Krowdpop COULD GET PAID. (The payroll excludes Richard and myself)
Richard was only trying to keep their team paid and going so that we can get this show done. What GAME is in this?
If this was all RICHARD'S EVIL PLAN AND GAME then why is Richard playing a game that just gives them loss and failure?
Even our wedding savings went in to cover for your payroll in August. If Richard is playing A GAME then why am I making this sacrifice?
, you said Richard is calming everyone down during the weekends so we could make up stories by today. Huh?? . Seriously.
Richard will protect you first. NO MATTER WHAT. That's all they care about right now. So just give them a chance and put your imaginations on hold . You don't need to kill Richard just so that you can live because Richard will die first so that you can live. Don't worry.”
Looking further into the issue, Koreaboo was able to obtain a timeline of events that led to this moment by Krowdpop. Below is an excerpt:
September 2016: Krowdpop signed agreement to go with EXID. [Krowdpop CEO] Richard did not reveal that they don't have the money to cover the payment or deposit for the show. The team was misled into thinking that the company is financially healthy and had scored a big win.
This report will be released on Koreaboo in a longer story describing the mass corruption, financial abuse and unethical treatment of K-Pop fans found in certain K-Pop production companies. This report will be released in December 2016.
Heyward: ‘There's naturally going to be fear' in speaking out
The question isn't whether Orioles outfielder Adam Jones was right or wrong when they said it's harder for black players in their sport to speak their minds or protest social injustices because “baseball is a white man's sport.”
“Of course he's right,” said Jake Arrieta, the Cubs' right-hander and a former Orioles teammate of Jones.
Look no further for proof than this week's report that Joe Ricketts, patriarch of the Cubs' family ownership group, has pledged at least $1 million to support Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump – a candidate who on Wednesday proposed a nationwide stop-and-frisk policy in “the black community” to combat violence.
The bigger questions raised by Jones last week involve how the sport of Jackie Robinson went from a paragon of social change in America to an institution in which its culture has effectively silenced social dissent.
Jason Heyward
Colin Kaepernick, the 49ers quarterback, sparked a national discussion about racial injustice, including continued police shootings of unarmed black Americans, by sitting, and later taking a knee, during the national anthem – setting off a wave of similar peaceful protests by NFL players during the anthems.
In baseball, Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia called it “awkward” for any of the sport's relatively few black players to do anything like that.
In July during the ESPYS awards show, Bulls star and Chicago native Dwyane Wade stood alongside three other NBA greats and spoke out against racial divides and violence in the country.
In baseball, Chicago-area native and Mets outfielder Curtis Granderson was among those in their clubhouse who declined to discuss Jones' comments with media.
“Is it tougher?” Cubs outfielder Jason Heyward said. “There are less of us. There are less black people in baseball. So there's naturally going to be fear in that. There's naturally going to be a fear in minorities when everybody has a different route to get there.”
Perhaps the most difficult of the four major American professional sports to reach the top, baseball has become an even tougher career path for African-American athletes. The raw numbers alone tell that story: The percentage of black Americans playing in the majors has hovered around 8 percent for much of the last decade – the lowest since full integration in the late 1950s.
The number has dropped from a high of 28 percent in the late 1970s.
“I know what A.J. said. A.J. speaks their mind,” Heyward said of the comments Jones made to USA Today. “If anybody's going to speak their mind it's Adam Jones or somebody with a contract, and they're All-Stars and have Gold Gloves. Or it's going to be Kaepernick, who's been to a Super Bowl.”
Heyward, in fact, might be in the strongest position of any African American player in the game to take a stand on anything they choose, given their tenure, their contract, the national stage their team provides and the proximity in Chicago to some of the core issues Kaepernick and others raise.
“Understood,” said the most pursued hitter on last year's free agent market, whose eight-year, nine-figure contract runs through 2023. Only Miami's Giancarlo Stanton (2027) is signed longer.
“But I'm a different person,” Heyward added. “I have a different personality. I may have a different approach to things.
“Just with what A.J.'s saying, that's what I think it is: you don't want to give anybody any extra reason to take something away from you that you worked hard for, and that's why so many people are not going to protest in this sport, or [certain] other jobs.”
Heyward, who supports the peaceful efforts of Kaepernick and others to raise the dialogue on important issues, is no stranger to the effort. They have been part of town-hall style forums during their career, and they and teammate Dexter Fowler are active in education efforts in their community back home in the Atlanta area.
“There's a lot of moving parts to it, like every issue or problem,” Heyward said. “To Adam's point, you have to be careful in your position. This is about how we were raised. You have to understand that there's not that many people like yourself in this position.
“And will you be judged fairly or not? You just can't leave it to question. You can't give people an extra reason. That's the reality of the culture and how your culture's been treated for a long time. You just need to be careful.”
Heyward spoke at length Tuesday, the day after Terrence Crutcher, a 40-year-old unarmed man whose car had broken down, was fatally shot by police in Tulsa, Okla., as they held their hands up.
Even as Heyward spoke, another police shooting Tuesday in Charlotte, N.C., sparked protests and violence in that city that continued into Wednesday night.
But as long as the faces and voices of black America remain disproportionately low in baseball, the platform for baseball as a major-league force for debate likely will remain muted.
“As athletes, we're people, just like everyone [else],” Heyward said. “You're not going to see people speak up on everything, because they don't want to go into that. They're afraid of what could come of it, even if they're right.
“It's not by any means to say you ignore it, but you just choose other tactics. You've just got to play the game the right way, whether it's sport or life.”
Not spelled out is the different reality of being black in America as much as the reality of the dominant white culture within baseball.
Heyward grew up in the suburbs. Both their parents are Dartmouth graduates. They were a good student, and they and their brother Jacob (a draft pick of the Giants this year) were exceptional, prominent baseball players in their community.
And yet it still seems ludicrous to even ask: Has they ever been hassled by a cop or profiled?
“I'm from Georgia, and I'm black,” they said. “Yeah.”
Is the platform of big-league sports the best place to stage discussions on such issues? Is there such a thing as a wrong place to do it?
Regardless, the fact remains MLB was a leader in American social discourse during the last century. But it lags far behind its rival sports in this one.
“Adam Jones is from everything I know about them very well respected and very thoughtful,” Cubs team president Theo Epstein said. “Sometimes it takes words like that to get everyone's attention and get them to really focus on some of the inequities in the world and certainly within an industry as well.”
Epstein embraces that kind of freedom of expression in their organization.
“We want our players to be heard,” they said. “We want them to live and speak truthfully based on their own experiences and their own perspectives, and it's only going to make us better as a whole.”
Players throughout the clubhouse seem to be on the same page.
“It's one of those deals where as professional athletes we have a platform,” Arrieta said. “But at the same time, if we speak our mind we get criticized in a negative way for it [from the outside].
“Don't we want honesty? Isn't that admirable, when a guy with a platform like Adam has, speaks their mind and talks genuinely about the way they feel?”
Said Heyward: “In history, some of the greatest people, whatever their ethnicity, they're the ones that weren't afraid to speak up. They're the ones that weren't afraid to be wrong. A.J. wasn't afraid to be wrong.”
Hellbound V: End of Comics Marks the End of an Era
preview copy please contact For any inquiries or to solicit aplease contact hellbound@riverbirdcomics.com
BOSTON, September 22 -, in conjunction with, is pleased to announce the publication of. Aptly themed, this will be the final installment in a series of original horror comics anthologies from some of Boston's most celebrated creators. No fear or phobia will be left unprovoked.Debuting on October 4th at the fifth annual, Hellbound V will also be available at select local comics shops and conventions. This limited edition, 9 by 5 inch, two-tone Risograph printed run, geared toward, will feature seven stories and two fold-out pages, boasting a roster of familiar names and new contributors, alike.Hellbound series creatorwill resume their role as designer and publisher., who has had a hand in every Hellbound release since the New England Art Award nominated Volume II: Box of Evil, returns as Editor. Returning contributors include(Comics: A Global History),(Nobodies Volume II, Womanthology),(A.R.R.O.),(Tales of the Ling, An Invitation to the World of Luisa Felix), and(Dead Meat, Heavy Metal Magazine). Joining them for the first time on this volume are(Killer Ink Comics),(Subcultures), and(Bartkira, Mister Reusch's Black and White Illustration Book).The Hellbound series has received much critical acclaim, having grown “increasingly stylish in presentation,” according to Rob Clough of High-Low. Katy England, of The Maine Edge, deemed Volume IV: GULP! to be “well worth adding to any collection,” while Brigid Alverson of Robot 6 marveled at the “impressive craftsmanship” contained within its pages.Featuring illustrations by(Nickelodeon Magazine, Heeby Jeeby Comix), and up and comer(Little Nemo: Dream Another Dream, Pigs Might Fly), Hellbound V: End of Comics promises to end the series with a bang... and perhaps some whimpering, too.For additional information about this edition and upcoming events, please visit http://hellbound.riverbirdcomics.com
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi speaks at the 2012 Republican National Convention. Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images
On Monday, the LGBTQ community expressed renewed outrage over Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi's decision to defend their state's gay marriage ban. Bondi actually filed their brief back in May, but this week they took the unusual step of standing by their decision in an oddly apologetic press release. That's what has the community so riled up—the fact that Bondi dared to defend their legal stance that Florida's laws comport with the federal constitution.
In a year when multiple attorneys general on the left and right have written off their states' marriage bans as blatantly unconstitutional, it's easy to criticize Bondi for standing by Florida's. (Many have also harped on the fact that Bondi, who has been married two or three times, praised the “traditional definition of marriage” and asserted that gay couples lack “family continuity” in their brief.) Bondi, though, is really just doing their job. There are plenty of other reasons to criticize their tenure, including their horrifying plan to speed up executions, coupled with their recent shocking dereliction of duty. But this is one area in which their arch conservatism aligns quite neatly with the duties of their position.
Within the next year or so, the Supreme Court will probably rule that state-level gay marriage bans are unconstitutional. As Justice Antonin Scalia presciently noted, that's the overwhelming suggestion of United States v. Windsor, in which the court found that the Defense of Marriage Act “violate[d] basic due process and equal protection principles.” Until that point, however, attorneys general like Bondi are free to interpret Windsor as a federalism opinion—that is, a declaration that states must be free to pass their own marriage laws. Yes, these arguments are going to sound retrograde and insulting. (Bondi's brief suggests that only straight couples can create “stable and enduring family units” and dismisses the “stigmatization and emotional harm caused by the marriage laws” as basically trivial.) That's because in 2014, the only remaining non-religious arguments against gay marriage are either laughably bizarre or downright derogatory.
But Bondi's inability to make an anti-gay argument that passes the smirk test is really just proof of how close the marriage equality movement is to victory. There's no use, at this late date, in lambasting attorneys general who swim against the tide—especially when they do so this meekly. Bondi is going to lose in court, and Florida's marriage ban will soon be overturned. In the meantime, Bondi might as well throw their best arguments at the wall. It's clear, by this point, that none of them will stick.
On Saturday, January 5, over 1,000 breastfeeding mothers, children, and the friends that stand in support of them gathered peacefully at Hollister stores around the United States and Canada.
More than 50 mothers participated at the Galleria Mall in Houston, Texas, the Hollister store that sparked the nurse-in. Days before the nurse-in, one of the Houston store's managers screamed at Brittany Warfield and forced them to leave for nursing their baby in the store. You can see video about Houston's nurse-in at KHOU.com.
Unfortunately, Brittany was not the only mother illegally harrassed for breastfeeding in a mall recently. We've heard reports of mothers being harassed at the nurse-ins at Lakeland Square Mall in Florida and at the Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg, IL (but security later apologized!), and one mother saw a bathroom stall in the Siver City Galleria Mall in Taunton, MA set up for mothers to breastfeed (the toilet had been replaced by a rocking chair and a mall employee confirmed that was the intended use; read more at the link). Ew.
Sadly, it gets worse. In Wilmington, Delaware, Diana Hitchens and two other mothers participated in the Hollister nurse-in at the Concord Mall. Two security guards approached the mothers in a seating area outside of Hollister and asked them to remove the signs they had on their strollers (the women had made signs that said something about normalizing nursing in public) and move to another part of the mall. The mothers took the signs down but continued to breastfeed in their chairs, as they are allowed to do by Delaware law.
The security guards then apparently asked local police to intervene due to the mothers' “indecent exposure.” The police spoke with the mothers, but the officers did not take any action after Diana showed them a copy of Delaware's law that protects breastfeeding pairs.
Del. Code Ann. tit. 31 § 310 (1997): Notwithstanding any provisions of law to the contrary, a mother shall be entitled to breast-feed their child in any location of a place of public accommodation wherein the mother is otherwise permitted.
After the police officers left, the security guards threatened the mothers with removal if they nursed again and followed the mothers throughout the mall.
When mothers on Facebook heard about the Concord Mall's security guards' actions, they posted on the mall's Facebook page, asking why the guards were allowed to violate state law. Concord Mall's response was shocking.
This is one of the mall's exchanges as captured in the screen shot below:
When this exchange (and others like it) were shared on Facebook, the outrage was immediate. Women from across the U.S. began writing and calling Concord Mall to denounce their company's deplorable treatment of mothers.
In a poorly executed effort to cover any evidence of wrongdoing, it appears that Concord Mall's management has disabled its Facebook page. In its responses to several women who have emailed to express their disgust, Concord Mall management denies that it ever had a Facebook page and attempts to distance itself from the security guards in question.
The detective work of several mothers, however, seem to show that Concord Mall is being dishonest. Concord Mall's website prominently features a link to its Facebook page with this URL: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Concord-Mall/262301207123393
Digging a little further, you can see what looks like business-appropriate activity on a Facebook page for Concord Mall in Google's cached pages. Google's cached version matches the URL of the Facebook link on the company's site. (This is Google's cache of http://www.facebook.com/pages/Concord-Mall/262301207123393).
Additionally, a Concord Mall employee confirmed to one mother by phone that Concord Mall does maintain a Facebook page that is controlled by mall management.
Concord Mall's actions are unconscionable. As I wrote in my call to action letter to Concord Mall management,
First, please educate your employees about the rights of breastfeeding pairs. If you need help finding materials or someone to lead an informational session, I will help you find a qualified volunteer from Best for Babes or NursingFreedom.org, or an attorney, Lactation Counselor, or La Leche League leader in your area. Second, you can also display signs that identify your facility as “breastfeeding friendly.” Third, we ask that you issue a formal and public apology for the actions of your employees – not only in humiliating the breastfeeding mothers, but for the ignorant and disgusting comments on your public Facebook page.
You can read the letter in its entirety at Code Name: Mama, and I encourage you to call and write to the mall's management yourself. They must be made aware that treating women and children this way is illegal, immoral, and we will not allow it to stand.
Calling and asking to talk to management is more effective than writing. Just have a few talking points written down, and calmly tell them how you feel. The number for the Concord Mall is (302) 478-9271. Please be polite.
You can follow up by emailing your concerns. Here are several email addresses you can send your message to:
Ed Tennyson etennyson@alliedrealprop.com
Jim Oeste joeste@alliedrealprop.com
info@alliedrealprop.com
We need to harness the emotions running high from these nurse-ins and make some positive change across the country. If you live in a state with no enforcement provision for your breastfeeding law, or if your state's breastfeeding law is inadequate or nonexistent, take action! Let's join together to protect the rights of breastfeeding pairs.
And please help keep our 1-855-NIP-FREE Nursing Harassment Hotline Alive! Your donations, no matter how small make it possible to provide this badly-need public service to moms and babies!
_________________________
Dionna is a lawyer turned work at home mama of two amazing kids, Kieran and Ailia. You can normally find Dionna over at Code Name: Mama where they share information, resources, and their thoughts on natural parenting and life with little ones. Dionna is also cofounder of Natural Parents Network and NursingFreedom.org, and author of For My Children: A Mother's Journal of Memories, Wishes, and Wisdom.
All photos used with permission.
Photo Credits are as follows:
Photo 1: Paala Secor of paa.la
Photo 2: Diana Hitchens
Photo 3: Michelle DeanRuben
Photo 4: Michelle DeanRuben
Photo 5: Tia Webb
Photos 6 and 7: Dionna Ford
Imagine a dating site where, in addition to a completed survey, you have to submit a genetic profile. This could be the future of matchmaking, especially now that some scientists think that our compatibility genes—the same genes that determine whether an organ transplant will take—play a role in sexual attraction.
Daniel Davis, an immunologist at the University of Manchester in England, tells the story of these distinct genes and their impact on our relationships in their new book, The Compatibility Gene: How Our Bodies Fight Disease, Attract Others, and Define Ourselves .
In a nutshell, can you explain the big idea—the thesis—of your new book, The Compatibility Gene?
The big idea is that a surprising amount of who and what we are comes from the way our species has evolved to survive disease. Put another way, this is about the idea that our immune system influences many aspects of human biology.
We each have a very similar set of genes—the 25,000 or so genes that make up the human genome—but there are variations that give us individual characteristics such as our hair or eye color. Crucially, the few human genes in this story—our compatibility genes—are those that vary the most from person to person. These genes are, in effect, a molecular mark that distinguishes each of us as individuals.
What role do compatibility genes play?
These genes are medically important because they influence the success of many types of medical transplants. These are the genes that doctors try to match in bone marrow transplantation, for example. And importantly, the versions of these genes that you have inherited influence which diseases you are susceptible or resistant to.
Other provocative research suggests that these very same genes also influence sexual attraction between two people, the wiring of our brains and the chance that a couple may have certain problems in pregnancy. We have no problem accepting that our physical characteristics—hair and eye color—are dictated by our genetic makeup. But can something that feels as intimate as choosing a partner be similarly influenced by our genetic inheritance? The subject is contentious, and there's no simple answer. There is strong evidence that animals choose mates according to the versions of compatibility genes they have. There is evidence that something of this is true in humans, but the controversy is in establishing how big an effect this is—because human interactions are undoubtedly complex.
How did you get interested in this topic?
I took physics for my PhD because I thought that physical laws—constant across the whole Universe—had to be the most exciting, the most fundamental, stuff to study. As I got older, I became interested in life. I sort of stumbled into studying the immune system when I worked with a well-known immunologist, Jack Strominger, at Harvard University, after my PhD I've been studying the human immune system for over 15 years now.
What excites me about the immune system is that it's an area of biology where a lot is not fully understood. It's easy to hit the frontier. Why do some people get cancer or autoimmune diseases, and not others? In a database of 18 million people, there are four with compatibility genes similar to mine. And 6 percent of people in the 18 million are completely unique. However you view your place in the universe, some part of your individuality—your uniqueness—comes from the versions of these genes that you have inherited. So, studying immunology is, at this level, also a study of genetic differences between people.
What evidence do you have to support your idea?
This story has unraveled in a global adventure spanning 60 years, working out the science behind medical transplants and immunology, leading to our eventual understanding of how and why compatibility genes are crucial to our health. This is a revolution in our understanding of the human body, but not one that came in a single Eureka moment; this knowledge has come from experiments happening in different places across the globe over decades.
Every big thinker has predecessors to whom they are indebted. Who laid the foundation for you to build your idea? Who is your hero?
My book begins with Peter Medawar who, working in Oxford in the early 1950s, carried out several groundbreaking experiments, which won them a Nobel Prize, alongside Australian [Sir Frank] Macfarlane Burnet.
Seeing the agony of airmen suffering from drastic skin burns at a War Wounds Hospital in Oxford in 1940 focused Medawar's mind on solving the difficulties that surgeons had in getting skin transplantation to work. Their research went on to establish that the difficulties in medical transplantation were caused by a reaction from the recipient's immune cells. This, together with theoretical ideas developed by Burnet, helped establish basic principles about how our immune system works.
In essence, they realized that the immune system recognizes and destroys substances that are not part of you—germs or transplanted organs. This implied that transplantation was not just about getting the surgery right. Up until this time, most surgeons thought if they could perform a technically perfect graft, the transplantation would work. But this was wrong; there was a fundamental barrier of an immune reaction to be overcome in order for skin grafts between genetically different people to work, because transplanted cells or tissues are detected as not being part of you. Genetic matching between people and the use of immune suppressive drugs make clinical transplantation work today, and both directly build upon Medawar and Burnet's insights.
What is new about your thinking?
At one level, this is a story about six decades of research—and not a single recent breakthrough experiment. But through putting it all together, a new and fascinating theme emerges; that there are far-reaching consequences from the way our body fights disease. Not least is that this knowledge gives a new view of why our own uniqueness is fundamentally crucial.
For the way our body fights disease, it is beneficial to keep these genes exceptionally diverse. It would be no good if one sweeping infectious disease that killed people with certain versions of these genes would simply narrow the variation in these genes that got passed on to the next generation and lower our chances against other diseases in the future. This science has a powerful message for society: Nobody has a perfect set of compatibility genes. It's our great genetic diversity that's essential.
What two or three people are most likely to try to refute your argument? Why?
As I said, controversial experiments indicate that these immune system genes can also play a role influencing sexual attraction between people and the likelihood of couples having particular problems in pregnancy. One experiment in this line of thinking used a very unusual protocol for scientific work. Women were to refrain from sex for two days, use a nasal spray to keep their nostrils clear, read Patrick Süskind's novel Perfume—about a man with olfactory hypersensitivity who is obsessed with people's smells—and then come into the lab to smell a collection of T-shirts worn by men who hadn't showered for two days. The experiment yielded the astonishing result that T-shirts worn by people with different compatibility genes smelt the sexiest. This seems to indicate that we subconsciously prefer sexual partners who have different compatibility genes from ourselves.
One problem is that it's hard to know if any difference in smell detected here would actually influence a person's behavior. There is strong evidence of this in animals, but for humans, relationships are more complex. Scientists differ in their views on this.
Who will be most affected by this idea?
This book gives new insight into how the human body works, and makes the link between immunity and attraction. So, just like learning about the idea of evolution itself, my hope is that one's life is simply enriched by these basic insights into human behavior: “Wow, so this is how it works.” I hope to get across a new view as to why we are each special on a molecular level and that there is a fundamental importance to our uniqueness.
How might it change life, as we know it?
On a practical level, readers can get genetic tests to know about the diseases they are susceptible or resistant to, or to know who they may be compatible with for partnerships or pregnancy. Such decisions are personal, and I'm not directly advising anyone what to do, rather my book explains all these ideas in depth, so that each person can make an informed decision. Just one example: Given that we each respond slightly differently to any particular disease, it can be expected that we also respond slightly differently to any given medicine. In the near future, the choice of drugs we are given for treatments may well be tailored to match our genes. Already now, there is evidence that the side effects of some drugs can be avoided if people with certain genes are not given those drugs.
What questions are left unanswered?
The urgent debate, in universities and pharmaceutical companies alike, is in how to get the best out of the knowledge we've accumulated. How do we translate revelations in our understanding of genetics and disease into actual medical benefit?
The brew has been described as the ‘brownest [i.e. most fascist] beer in Bavaria' or simply ‘Nazi beer' by its critics.
The Studentenwerk [student services organization] in Regensburg announced it was boycotting the Röhrlbräu Brewery in Bavaria, where the beer was made.
All outstanding orders from the brewery would be cancelled, the group said.
The evidence seems to add up that this was an ale with a very bitter after-taste.
The name Grenzzaun (border fence) refers to the current debate over the refugee influx.
Parties on the right, such as the Alternative for Germany, want to erect border fences along Germany's borders to prevent asylum seekers entering the country unchecked.
The backside of the label, meanwhile, read: “Beer needs a homeland: protect, defend, preserve."
Then there was the price - €0.88. 88 is a well-known neo-Nazi symbol, which stands for the eighth letter in the alphabet, H, repeated twice - short for the Nazi "Heil Hitler" greeting.
The sell-by date of November 9th has also been seen as a reference to the Nazi era. The night of November 9th, 1938, saw Nazi thugs and ordinary German civilians attack Jewish businesses, houses and synagogues across the country.
‘Huge misunderstanding'
The brewery's CEO, Frank Sillner, insisted that the outcry was the result of “a huge misunderstanding.” But the company has nonetheless recalled all the bottles so far produced - 2,000 boxes - from retailers.
The sell-by date was automatically printed onto the labels on the day the beer was produced to show a sell-by date exactly eight months later, they insisted, saying it was coincidence the bottles were filled on March 9th.
As for the number 88, they said they had no idea that 88 stood for Heil Hitler.
“We have nothing, absolutely nothing - to do with the far right," Sillner insisted.
The beer's name was meant to provoke, for sure, they said. They came up with it at a time when thousands of refugees were entering Bavaria every day and they wanted to start a debate on what it meant for Bavarian values.
The beer was also supposed to be sold with a bottle opener with the label 'border opener', but this wasn't finished in time to go on sale with the bottles, the CEO insisted.
The label was a statement about defending Bavarian culture, “which is just as worthy of being defended as people fleeing from war,” the brewer explained.
As many as 400 veteran New York City officers assigned to desk jobs in the Police Department will return to the streets this summer as part of a broad push by Commissioner William J. Bratton to head off a seasonal spike in crime.
The program, known in the department as “Summer All Out,” will last 90 days and draw on uniformed officers and detectives in office assignments such as counterterrorism and personnel work. It was announced in a letter from Mr. Bratton to their top deputies dated Monday and obtained by The New York Times from a person who is skeptical of the strategy outlined in the document.
While the department has periodically reassigned officers to patrol posts to address short-term needs, the length and scope of the redeployment appeared to dwarf those seen in recent decades. It comes amid heightened concern over a rise in shootings in the first six months of the year, up roughly 8 percent over the same period in 2013, and follows months of political jostling over the appropriate size of the 35,000-member department.
“They've done ‘all outs' in the past, a day or two a week, or a day or two a month,” said Roy T. Richter, the president of the Captains Endowment Association, the union representing the upper echelon of city officers. “But nothing to this extent in my memory, and that goes back at least 20 years.”
It's not often that you can test an ad claim and find that a company is actually underselling itself. The menu at Chipotle is small and simple but has many possible configurations. How many? Well, you could eat there once per day without repeating a meal for 1,794 years. Don't ever claim to be bored with your lunches again.
This all began with the fast-casual burrito chain's claim that there are “more than 65,000” different configurations of shells, meats, beans, rices, and salsas possible. Is that really true. Over at Business Insider, Walter Hickey got out their calculator to put this to the test.
The initial figure was 76,800, which is also quite impressive. Here are the different ingredients to combine:
ITEM: Burrito, Burrito Bowl, Crispy Taco, Soft Taco, Salad (5)
RICE: White, Brown, None (3)
BEANS: Black, Pinto, None (3)
FILLING: Carnitas, Barbacoa, Chicken, Steak, None (5)
GUACAMOLE: Yes or No (2)
SALSA: Corn, Mild, Medium, Hot, None (5)
CHEESE: Yes or No (2)
ROMAINE: Yes or No (2)
SOUR CREAM: Yes or No (2)
VEGGIE: Yes or No (2)
The number ends up so high because it's possible to have various combinations of multiple salsas. Then Chipotle pointed out on Twitter that it's actually possible to combine multiple types of beans, meats, and rice if that's what you're into, adding in further possible permutations.
@PaulSzoldra @WaltHickey Don't forget: Two rices, and you can get both, same with beans. Same combos with meats as with salsas. -Joe — Chipotle (@ChipotleTweets) July 18, 2013
Chipotle Says You Can Order 65,000 Menu Combinations — We Put That Claim To The Test
[Business Insider] (Thanks, Rowell!)
A Nova Scotia government tribunal has forced a Halifax business person to join a union in order to work for the company they own, CBC News has learned.
The ruling ends a year-long case over the unionization of Fougere Young Masonry & Construction, a two-man company based in Hammonds Plains, N.S.
"I'm shocked and disappointed," said co-owner Kevin Fougere.
They became a target because they once ran a larger, unionized masonry company, Diadem LP, that became insolvent and went out of business in 2010.
When Fougere started again in March 2012, two unions — the Labourers International and the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers — went to the N.S. labour board claiming Fougere's new company was a continuation of the old one and should be a union shop as well.
Fougere argued their two-man operation was too small to be unionized and could not afford the overhead and paperwork of a union collective agreement.
'Successor rights' at stake
Last month the unions won, largely because the labour board found Fougere was the so-called "key man" in both companies.
"There has been a transfer of their skill, experience, know-how, reputation and industry contacts without which Fougere Young could not operate. The jobs Fougere Young bids on are jobs that Diadem LP would likely have bid on," the labour board wrote on Aug. 23.
Labourers International business manager Franco Callegari said the principle of “successor rights” was at stake.
"We felt Mr. Fougere was in the unionized construction sector prior to this. Him opening the new company didn't change that," Callegari told CBC News.
The ruling forced Fougere and their business partner to join a union to work for their own company.
Fougere said insult was added to injury when they went to the union hall looking for extra help.
"I was told there are no employees available for me to hire. So I'm left in the position that I have no employees and no legal route of hiring employees. I can't use the bricklayer that was seldom used before because he's not in a union," Fougere said.
"I'm in a bad spot."
The unions did agree to waive the 18 months of retroactive back pay they were awarded for the two or three non-union employees Foguere occasionally hired.
Fougere said they now regret ever challenging the unions before Nova Scotia's labour board.
"I was dead in the water before I even started," they said.
CLOSE White nationalist groups will gather in Tennessee for 'White Lives Matter' rallies. video by Michael Schwab/Tennessean
Members of the National Socialist Movement are among those planned to attend the White Lives Matter rallies Saturday in Murfreesboro and Shelbyville. (Photo: KNS archives)
The city of Murfreesboro today released plans for the “White Lives Matter” rally scheduled for Saturday on the courthouse square.
Several streets around the area will be cordoned off, protesters and counterprotesters will be kept separate, and attendees will be prohibited from bringing a large list of items.
More: MTSU to lock dorms, cancel events due to 'White Lives Matter' rally
The League of the South filed the permit application with both the city and Rutherford County for an event 1:30-4 p.m. on Oct. 28.
“The League of the South is expected to be joined by affiliated groups. Other individuals and groups are expected as counterprotestors,” according to Mike Browning, spokesperson for the city of Murfreesboro.
The city, the Murfreesboro police and the Rutherford County Sheriff's Office are partnering with federal, state and other area law enforcement agencies “to ensure the constitutional rights and safety of citizens,” Browning said in a release.
“Teams of officers will safeguard the area,” Sheriff Mike Fitzhugh and Murfreesboro Police Interim Chief Michael Bowen said in a joint statement. “We ask everyone to maintain lawful behavior.”
More: Some weekend events canceled due to White Lives Matter rally
Murfreesboro Mayor Shane McFarland has condemned the views of the League of the South and those affiliated with them, but officials have cited the need to responsibly uphold the First Amendment.
CLOSE Murfreesboro Mayor Shane McFarland addresses the community regarding the hate groups coming to town to protest in the White Lives Matter rally on Oct. 28, 2017 Experience Commumity Church
“While the views of the League of the South are not from this community and do not represent those of the City and County, the First Amendment provides a right to free speech and a right to peaceably assemble, and, thus, neither the City nor the County can legally prohibit the event,” Browning said. “The City and County, however, have carefully planned various measures to preserve and promote public safety, before, during, and after the event.”
Large numbers of counterprotesters are expected both in the square and at off-site gathering points around Murfreesboro.
“Some in our community might feel compelled to witness the demonstrations, but in the interest of reducing tension and avoiding conflicts, the City of Murfreesboro and Rutherford County government strongly encourage community members to avoid the Public Square Oct. 28,” Browning said.
The square will be closed to all traffic, both vehicle and pedestrian, starting at 3 a.m. on Oct. 28.
More: Downtown Murfreesboro businesses encouraged to close during White Lives Matter rally
“The City, County, and its partners are committed to both the Constitution and public safety,” Fitzhugh and Bowen said. “Be assured, officers will take every step necessary to protect both. The slightest indication of disruption or violence will initiate immediate law enforcement action to uphold the rights of citizens and ensure their safety.”
Protesters and counter-protesters will be kept separate as much as possible, according to the release.
Learn More: White Lives Matter rally: Who are the groups involved, and what do they believe?
“Counterdemonstrators will be permitted to enter Public Square via South Church Street and South Maple Street only,” Browning said. “Officers will search everyone in the vicinity of the rally site. No weapons or masks will be permitted in the vicinity of the rally.”
The full list of prohibited items has not yet been released. It is unclear whether bandanas or gas masks will fall under the mask prohibition.
Any cars left in the square or the surrounding one-block radius at 3 a.m. Saturday will be towed, the city said. The street closures within this one-block radius include:
College Street between North Walnut and North Spring Street.
East and West Main Street between Walnut Street and Spring Street.
Vine Street between South Walnut Street and South Spring Street.
Walnut Street between West College Street and West Vine Street.
Maple Street between West College Street and West Vine Street.
Church Street between East College Street and East Vine Street.
Spring Street between East College Street and East Vine Street.
West Tommy Martin Drive between Vine Street and N.W. Broad Street.
More: Mayor's #WeAreMurfreesboro video denounces White Lives Matter rally
“We understand the temporary street closures will inconvenience our residents and visitors,” Fitzhugh and Bowen said. “We ask you to pre-plan alternate routes, expect some traffic delays and be patient.”
CLOSE In the aftermath of the Charlottesville attack, U.S. veterans tell of the "horrors" that the Nazis committed during World War II and condemn America's neo-Nazi movement. Kinfay Moroti/news-press.com
Read or Share this story: https://www.dnj.com/story/news/2017/10/25/white-lives-matter-rally-murfreesboro-rutherford-county-announce-details-saturday-october-28/798703001/
Written by Covenant Theological | Tuesday, August 21, 2012
+1 Share 7 Shares
ST. LOUIS, Missouri – August 20, 2012 – Covenant Theological Seminary has never taught, and in no way affirms, that the female body is capable of preventing pregnancy caused by rape.
Covenant Theological Seminary affirms that rape, in all its forms, is wicked. In regard to rape against women, men, and children, we believe that the Gospel calls us to show love, compassion, and support for the victims and their families. In all circumstances surrounding the trauma, we must name the evil, seek justice, and care for those affected by such horrendous acts. In instances of rape against women that result in pregnancy, this includes caring for the unborn child as well.
Media Contact
Allison Dowlen, Director of Communications
Covenant Theological Seminary
[email protected]
314.434.4044
× Twinkies due on shelves by summer as $410 million bid OK'd
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Twinkies and other Hostess snacks could be back on shelves by this summer after a successful $410 million bid for the business.
The winning bid is a joint venture by private equity firms Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos & Co. A statement from Dean Metropoulos, founder of one of the firms, confirmed they are the winning bidder.
“Our family is thrilled to have the opportunity to reestablish these iconic brands with new creative marketing ideas and renewed sales efforts and investment,” said Metropoulos. “We look forward to having America's favorite snacks back on the shelf by this summer. We are also ecstatic to bring jobs back to many cities across the country.”
The bankruptcy court had been set to have an auction among qualified bidders on Thursday, but Hostess notified the court late Monday that no other qualified bids had been submitted. That means the $410 million bid wins by default with no further approval of the court being required.
Anthony Michael Sabino, a business school professor at St. John's University, said the lack of other bidders is no surprise, given the $410 million bid that needed to be topped.
“While the Bankruptcy Code seeks competitive bidding to increase recoveries to creditors, the law can't invent bidders,” they said. “The good news is a significant amount of money to pay Hostess' creditors. The great news, Twinkies have been saved!”
Hostess had no comment on the deal beyond the filing.
Wonder Bread, Twinkies and other Hostess products have not been produced since November, when the company filed with the bankruptcy court to liquidate its business following a crippling strike by the Bakery Workers union.
But while Hostess is out of business, and most of its 18,500 employees have lost their jobs, the company has been auctioning off its various brands as part of the liquidation process.
Metropoulos has experience turning around financially troubled food brands. The firm's food holdings include Pabst Blue Ribbon beer, and in the past have included Chef Boyardee canned pasta, Bumble Bee seafood, PAM cooking spray and Gulden's Mustard, all of which it eventually sold to ConAgra Foods In.
The joint bid by Apollo and Metropoulos had been tapped in January as the lead bidder for most Hostess' snack cake business, which includes both Hostess and Dolly Madison products, led by its iconic Twinkies brand. The bidders also bought five of the closed bakeries as part of their bid.
Flowers Foods won most Hostess' bread business on Feb. 28 with a $360 million bid that included the Wonder, Nature's Pride, Merita, Home Pride and Butternut bread brands, as well as 20 bakeries.
Privately held McKee Foods Corp. was tapped as the leading bidder with its $27.5 million offer for Hostess' Drake's brand and some of its equipment. Drake's products include Ring Dings, Yodels, Devil Dogs and Yankee Doodles, as well as its coffee cake. That bid is still pending.
About Our Website
Important things to know when using our website: The Temporary Temples website was built to fulfil several key aims. The first being an online archive (freely open to the public) to view pictures of the crop circle phenomenon as we have recorded it since 1994. Secondly, to provide a journalistic service reporting new circles whenever and wherever they appear. We also strive to provide educational and contextual materials about the locations, geometry and symbolism of each circle – giving map links, approximate measurements and some drawings which look at the number, math and geometry of the circles. Our website is free to view and therefore is an open resource to whomever needs it. There are however somethings you may need to know about using materials from this website… Read More
Read more about Steve and Karen here.
Posted on 10 January 2017 by Calvin
By JANE MCCLURE
All images provided
Ground was ceremonially broken Dec. 12 for a Major League Soccer stadium south of Midway Center. Major League Soccer (MLS) Commissioner Don Garber, Minnesota United FC lead owner Bill McGuire, youth soccer players and a team of elected officials and fans took turns wielding shovels in a raised garden bed. About 200 people turned out for the event.
Photo right: About 200 people showed up to break ground for the new soccer stadium on Dec. 12. Dozens took turns wielding shovels in a raised garden bed since the ground was frozen.
Still, there are more questions than answers about the project. The quest for breaks on property taxes and construction material sales taxes returns to the Capitol for the 2017 session of the Minnesota Legislature. Approval last year stalled when Gov. Mark Dayton didn't sign the tax bill. Other questions remain, including when construction and pollution cleanup will start in earnest. For the past few weeks, Xcel Energy has done utility work on the former Metro Transit bus garage site, removing power poles and relocating power lines underground.
Otherwise, all has been quiet. No demolition, construction or other permits have been pulled with the city. A final plat needs to be filed, and the stadium developers also need to finish work on conditions outlined in the stadium site plan approved in August by the St. Paul City Council.
Photo left: The groundbreaking involved Minnesota United fans, ownership, coaches and representatives from St. Paul and MLS.
McGuire, architects from the Kansas City-based Populous firm and Mortenson Construction, unveiled new stadium designs, showing more rounded lines and a lowered height for the $150 million structure. McGuire, Garber and Mayor Chris Coleman and others answered questions about the stadium. The event was timed a day before an expansion draft event, to add players to Minnesota United and a new team in Atlanta. McGuire also said it was a chance to show stadium design changes, promote season ticket sales and build excitement for the club.
Coleman said that they couldn't think of a more appropriate stadium site, given the area's economic diversity. They drew cheers when they suggested a future championship game on a cold day.
Garber quipped that Minnesota United had set a league record. “I can assure you, this will be our coldest groundbreaking,” they said.
Team officials had hoped to break ground in late spring or early summer of last year. However, to build the stadium and public plaza desired in the project's first phase, the soccer club needs to acquire about two acres of Midway Center property, including Rainbow Foods and storefronts up to Walgreens.
Rainbow's owner, Supervalu, leases the store from shopping center owner RK Midway. Negotiations between those parties are ongoing. When asked about the negotiations, McGuire and others involved in the project said the Dec. 12 event was about the stadium, not the negotiations nor the proposal to extensively redevelop the Midway Center property with office towers, retail, hotels, and apartments.
McGuire added that everything would be resolved at some point.
There are two property owners on the 34.5 acre Midway Center superblock, which is bounded by Pascal St. and St. Anthony, Snelling and University avenues. RK Midway owns the northern part of the block, as well as a vacant lot at the northwest corner of Pascal and St. Anthony. Metropolitan Council and Metro Transit own the 10 acres at the northeast corner of St. Anthony and Snelling avenues, where a streetcar facility and later a bus garage stood for many years.
Minnesota United will play the 2017 season and at least part of the 2018 season at TCF Bank Stadium. The team has looked into using US Bank Stadium for larger events. Officials didn't announce a firm opening date for the St. Paul Stadium.
Ken Sorensen, a senior vice president with Mortenson Construction, told reporters that construction would begin in spring 2017, with the idea of moving south to north. Work is ongoing with subcontractors and with the club on construction details. Sorensen estimated it would take one and one-half years to build the facility. The ongoing negotiations over the Midway Center property had McGuire unable to say specifically when the new stadium would be ready, so a 2019 start in St. Paul is not out of the question.
McGuire said the team owners could orient a stadium east-west instead to north-south, to keep it on the bus garage property, and has looked at some options, but would prefer the north-south orientation.
Another wrinkle was a property tax break approved by the 2016 Minnesota Legislature. Dayton didn't sign the tax bill, citing a potentially costly scrivener's error. McGuire said Minnesota United is confident the tax break could be approved in 2017.
The soccer team was able to get a liquor license approved by state lawmakers during the 2016 session. The City Council gave its assent to that license in December.
The stadium plans have changed (image left). It is four more feet lower than originally announced, with peak canopy height now at 78 feet. McGuire said that is meant to have the structure be less overwhelming. Sinking the stadium 18 feet into the ground (image below) also means fewer, if any steps needed to enter.
The stadium will be 650 feet long. It will be 346,000 square feet in size. Its total capacity will be 19,916 fans, with the future expansion capacity to 24,474.
Twenty-five suites, 38 “loge boxes” or semi-private areas and four clubrooms are also featured. A restaurant at the stadium's north end could be open for patrons year-round. Design is about 70 percent complete.
The stadium will still be bowl-shaped, but the new design is more rounded and less boxy. The roof design has also been reconfigured. It will be open to natural light over the turf field, but about 84 percent of fans will sit under a partial roof covering. The roof has been expanded at the south end and cut back in the north, with a slightly lower profile visible from University Ave.
The stadium will be wrapped in a synthetic mesh or skin, embedded with LED lights to allow for color changes. Other features included improved access for people with disabilities
Starting in 2017, Minnesota United will play as a top-tier team in the league, which has 22 teams. The team was granted an MLS expansion franchise in 2015. This year, Minnesota United played in the Division II North America Soccer League.
Fans and business leaders applauded the groundbreaking. Midway Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Chad Kulas said business leaders are excited to see the new plans and hear project details. “There's a lot of excitement about this project and what it could mean for the community,” Kulas said.
Kulas also said the chamber is sensitive to concerns about traffic and parking and will stay engaged as plans unfold.
Fan clubs represented at the event, wearing Minnesota United Loon scarves, were also pleased. More than three dozen fans marched to the groundbreaking ceremony, chanting and waving team flags. Merriam Park resident and True North Elite member Philip Cross said they were pleased to see more stadium details emerge. “It's exciting to see more detailed plans and to see the stadium move forward,” they said. “I've lived in the area for 12 years and bike through every day. It will be great to see the transformation of what used to be the bus graveyard.”
True North Elite is a smaller club, “but we chant louder and we chant longer,” Cross said.
Most people at the event were supportive of the plans.
Mayoral candidate Tom Goldstein gave media their written statement to call for more human-scale amenities, more attention to business development, and to children's and youth's recreation and after-school needs. They also criticized the city's commitment to fund $18 million in site work.
LOUISIANA used to be famous for its colourful, populist Democrats. In the 1930s, Governor Huey Long promised to make “every man a king” (his main legacy is the art-deco capitol building in Baton Rouge; its walls still contain the bullet holes from the volley that killed him). In 1991 Edwin Edwards, a flamboyantly corrupt governor, defeated David Duke, an ex-Klansman, with bumper stickers that read “Vote for the Lizard, not the Wizard”.
These days, the Pelican state's Democrats are more sober, yet endangered. Senator Mary Landrieu, a Democrat, faces a run-off election against Bill Cassidy, a Republican, on December 6th. If they lose, as seems likely, it will be the first time since Reconstruction in the 1870s that Louisiana does not have a white Democrat in Congress (assuming that Mr Edwards, who at 87 is running for the House of Representatives, also loses).
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
When Ms Landrieu was first elected in 1996, Democrats were still fairly strong in Louisiana. Bill Clinton won the state with 52% of the vote, and Ms Landrieu joined another Louisiana Democrat, John Breaux, in the Senate. But since then, the state has turned red. In 2012 Mitt Romney defeated Barack Obama here by 17 points. Ms Landrieu's political longevity owes much to their family (her father was mayor of New Orleans in the 1970s; their brother is now), their political abilities (she is a forceful centrist) and a solid dose of luck.
That now seems to have run out. According to Pearson Cross, a political scientist at the University of Louisiana, Democrats such as Ms Landrieu have held on in Louisiana for longer than in other parts of the Deep South by appealing to a coalition of black voters, who are concentrated in New Orleans, and rural whites, especially French-descended Catholic Cajuns, who unlike Protestants in Mississippi and Alabama have tended to back Democrats. Alas for Ms Landrieu, black voters tend to stay at home during mid-term elections, especially run-offs. And white voters–Cajun or not–have largely deserted the Democrats. In the first round of voting on November 4th, Ms Landrieu won just 18% of the white vote.
Ms Landrieu used to have a useful reputation for grabbing federal taxpayers' cash to create jobs in their home state. After Hurricane Katrina, for example, they threatened to block every one of George Bush's nominees for important jobs until Uncle Sam gave Louisiana $6 billion to repair the levees. In 2009 they did not agree to vote for Obamacare until they won a $300m sweetener that Republicans dubbed the “Louisiana Purchase”.
Yet their latest attempt to show off their clout ended in humiliation. To help them win re-election Harry Reid, the Democrat who will remain Senate Majority Leader until January, allowed a vote on a bill they had sponsored to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, which would bring oil from Canada to Gulf coast refineries (and so boost the Louisiana economy). The vote was for show, since Barack Obama had promised to veto the bill. But it never came to that: it was defeated in the Senate by one vote.
Ms Landrieu's best hope now is that with control of the Senate not in any doubt, Republicans will stay home. Or that some of the mud they are flinging at Mr Cassidy will stick. At an event in New Roads, a small town north of Baton Rouge, Ms Landrieu spent most of their time questioning whether Mr Cassidy actually did the part-time work for a local hospital that they were paid for (in their previous career, the member of congress was a doctor). They say that the allegations are a slur, although they have not produced any evidence that they actually turned up. Still, Ms Landrieu should know that Louisiana voters are remarkably tolerant of rogues. These days, it is Democrats they dislike.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
If you were thinking you might skip this year's new Call of Duty game, Infinite Warfare, and simply play the remastered version of Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, think again. The newly announced remaster will only be available in a bundle with certain versions of Infinite Warfare--you can't buy it on its own.
That's according to a new FAQ posted by Activision about Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered, as it's called. Your only way of getting your hands on it will be by purchasing the Legacy, Legacy Pro, or Digital Deluxe edition of Infinite Warfare.
These are the three premium versions of the game that will be available, and they're priced accordingly. That means you'll be paying at least an extra $20 to secure a copy of Modern Warfare Remastered.
Here's what each of those three versions costs and includes:
Legacy Edition/Digital Legacy Edition ($80): Includes both Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered
Includes both Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered Digital Deluxe Edition ($100): Includes Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered and Season Pass
Includes Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered and Season Pass Legacy Pro Edition ($120): Includes Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered, Season Pass, collectible steelbook, official game soundtrack and additional digital items
Modern Warfare Remastered consists of the full Modern Warfare campaign--complete with new and improved graphics--and a portion of its multiplayer mode. Specifically, 10 "fan favorite" maps from the game will be included, such as Crash, Backlot, and Crossfire. The other seven maps will be announced "soon."
To remaster is available as a digital game for Xbox One, PS4, and PC. This leaves open the possibility that you could purchase one of the physical versions of Infinite Warfare and then sell it after redeeming the key for Modern Warfare. However, we don't yet know if Activision intends to prevent this from happening by forcing players to access Modern Warfare through Infinite Warfare.
Modern Warfare Remastered, which is being developed by Raven Software, was announced today at the end of the trailer above, the majority of which reveals Infinite Warfare. For more on that game, head to our recap of everything we know so far.
Fanduel is coming up with 2 huge promotions in February 2019 right on time to join and play fantasy basketball and hockey!
(Have in mind that none of the offers require an actual Fanduel promo code!)
Fanduel Promo # 1
Play for free until you win plus $5 bonus! No Fanduel promo code required. Just make a deposit of $5 or more and Fanduel will give you $5 in your account.
Fanduel Promo # 2
“Gridiron Pick'em” – play for absolutely FREE for a chance to win up to $10 000!
If you are completely new to Fanduel and fantasy football here's a very quick breakdown what game they offer and how they work:
Tournaments – these are huge contests where you play against a lot of other players. These are hard to beat but the payouts can be huge. For example in the Sunday NFL A Million you play against 300 000 or so other teams. The top prize is of course a Million but in this case top 40 000 or so teams will finish in the money and will at least get their entry fee back, plus depending on how high your team is – something extra. The entry fees vary from as low as $2 to as much as $10 000.
50/50 – personal favorite and pretty self explanatory . If your team finishes in the top 50 – you double your money (well less Fanduel's fee, but close enough), it's that simple. These games are with much smaller player pools and the entry fees are usually $5-100.
Head-to-head – play against just 1 opponent and if your team scores more fantasy points that him/her – you win.
Friends Mode – another personal favorite. This is the only season long game offered by Fanduel and as you guessed it you play against just your fiends or whoever you invite. None of these types of games require a Fanduel promo code to play them in, just make an account, make a deposit and your welcome bonus offer will be applied to your account!
Important legal stuff you must be aware before playing fantasy sports at Fanduel.com – all players must be at least 18 years of age (21 and over in the the state of Massachusetts ), no exceptions! Playing fantasy sports for real money is currently not allowed for residents of Alabama, Arizona, Hawaii, Idaho, Iowa, Louisiana, Montana, Nevada, Texas or Washington. Now that the fantasy sports industry is heavier regulated we all must obey the new rules and regulations. For a full list of them please check Fanduel.com, and to stay up to date on this topic and everything else Fanduel promo code offers related!
For decades it was an acknowledged, if largely unspoken fact: if you lived in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside odds were you lived a Third World life and died a Third World death. Twenty years ago women living in what was called Canada's poorest postal code died 4½ years sooner on average than those living in the rest of British Columbia. They died almost 6½ years before residents of suburban Richmond just a few kilometres to the south, which has the longest life expectancy of any city in Canada. Men in inner-city Vancouver died almost 11 years before those in the rest of B.C.; they lost 14 years of life compared to men in Richmond. Health officials declared a public health emergency in the Downtown Eastside but the problems seemed intractable: poverty, addiction, homelessness, an epidemic of HIV-AIDS, drug overdoses and a host of chronic diseases. “There was nothing else like it elsewhere in Canada or North America,” Dr. Patricia Daly, chief medical health officer for Vancouver Coastal Health, says of their arrival in the city 15 years ago. “The rates of HIV in that population were the highest reported in any city, I think, anywhere in the developed world at that time. There was despair. Overdose deaths were unbelievable. It seemed overwhelming.”
Today, the neighbourhood is still scarred by urban decay, and blighted by addiction, homelessness and open drug use, but there are also signs of hope and renewal—and an astonishing boost in life expectancy. People in the area are living more than 10 years longer than they did just two decades ago, according to a draft study on health inequities provided to Maclean's by Vancouver Coastal Health. Both genders in the neighbourhood lived to an average of 79.9 years in the 2007-to-2011 study period, compared to a life expectancy of 69.4 years during the years 1992 to 1996. While men in the neighbourhood still lag behind the provincial average, women there now have a life expectancy of almost 86 years—1½ years longer than the provincial average—due to lower rates of cancer and circulatory system diseases. “That's a dramatic shift,” says Daly. “Life expectancy doesn't often change that quickly.”
Reasons for the abrupt shift in fortunes are as complex as they are profound. Condominium developments and urban renewal have gentrified areas fringing the hard-core epicentre at Main and Hastings streets, introducing healthier, wealthier residents to the area's 70,000 population. Still, health outcomes and better services for the 16,000 living in the Main and Hastings district have also had a substantial impact on longevity rates, says Daly. They list a host of factors: better treatment, medication monitoring and greater access to clean needles have seen rates of HIV-AIDS infection and death plunge; the Insite supervised injection site, which survived a federal government court challenge a year ago, has reduced infection rates and overdose deaths. The type of drug use has changed. Much of the HIV epidemic was fuelled by intravenous cocaine use, where addicts injected frequently, often with dirty needles. “There's been a move to smoking crack cocaine, which has its own risks,” says Daly, “but risks of things like HIV and overdose are lower.” Street homelessness has also been reduced with the purchase by the province of 25 derelict, single-room occupancy (SRO) hotels that are gradually being upgraded.
It is a continuum of improved services and opportunities that bring one to the Frock Shop, a women's thrift and vintage clothing boutique next door to the renovated Rainier Hotel on Carrall Street. There at the counter is shop employee Sheree McKay, an outgoing, stylishly attired 43-year-old, living what they call their second chance at life.
For 10 years McKay was an active heroin addict living on the street, sleeping in parks or dismal SRO hotels. They were a daily visitor to Insite, crediting staff for saving their lives a couple of times when they overdosed there. Many of their friends weren't so lucky. “A lot of people I know aren't here anymore,” they say. Finally they entered a detox centre. They were drug-free for three years when they moved into the Rainier, operated by the Portland Hotel Society (PHS), a non-profit community service and housing society. The women-only Ranier has 20 treatment rooms and 20 rooms for those like McKay in need of transitional housing. They are small, but neat, bright, clean and well equipped. “When I moved upstairs it was the only safe, drug-free housing that was available for women.”
Life has been a rebuilding process ever since. Staff helped them gather the necessary identity papers she'd lost along the way. Gradually they rebuilt their confidence and self-image. Today they have a paid job at the Frock Shop, which is operated by PHS, one of several businesses, including a craft shop and a soon-to-open chocolate shop and coffee roaster, where profits are returned to its various endeavours. Although they live not far from the scene of past “nightmares,” today they inhabit a nine-to-five world and sees a neighbourhood full of possibility. “I walk with my head up now,” they say as a visitor leaves the shop.
Down Carrall, at the corner of Hastings, is the Pennsylvania Hotel, a renovated heritage building that serves as a ward of St. Paul's Hospital. Some 21 years ago it was known as the Portland Hotel, a fleabag run by a non-profit with Liz Evans, an idealistic young nurse, filling it with those no one else wanted. There were few referral services, an adversarial relationship with the police and people were dying on the streets. “It was impossible not to want to throw up on my way to work because I knew what I was going to walk into,” Evans says. “There was nothing I could do about 90 per cent of the problems I'd encounter.”
Today they and Mark Townsend, co-founders of PHS, lead the way into the Pennsylvania. “It just drives me crazy when people say nothing has changed in the Downtown Eastside,” they say. Many of the residents staying here now are injection-drug addicts or chronic hospital users. In the past they'd be admitted to St. Paul's, usually with serious infections; they'd start a course of antibiotics, then leave, with disastrous results, partway through treatment the first time the urge for a fix or the chaos of a hospital overwhelmed them. People died. Limbs were lost to infection. Now they are admitted to the hospital, but treated at the Pennsylvania where their medical care, and drug habits, are supervised.
There's no one agency, no one strategy, no single program that is making the difference. “It's all these little bits,” as Townsend puts it: food, shelter, treatment, compassion and employment. Give people hope and purpose and the chance to live another day, and they just might surprise you.
Article
Deux rumeurs récurrents du mercato ressortent à l'étranger : Wendel (Fluminense) est toujours suivi par le PSG tandis que la rumeur d'un échange entre Javier Pastore et João Mario (Inter) est relancée.
Deux des grandes rumeurs de l'été réapparaissent dans la presse étrangère du jour et elles concernent le milieu de terrain du PSG, aussi bien dans le sens des arrivée que des départs. Du côté du Brésil, c'est le président de Fluminense Pedro Abad qui est à l'origine du retour de la rumeur Wendel au PSG. Le milieu défensif de 20 ans qui vit une saison très compliquée et a même été sorti du groupe par son entraîneur pendant un temps était dernièrement une piste qui semblait être abandonnée pour cet hiver.
D'après le président de Fluminense, il n'en est rien. Invité de l'émission Bola da Vez sur ESPN, le dirigeant a révélé que les deux clubs discutaient encore : «Nous sommes en cours de négociations avec le PSG mais, ce que je peux dire aux supporters, c'est qu'il n'y a rien de bouclé.» L'été dernier, un transfert autour de 10M€, souvent 9M€ + 1M€ de bonus, était évoqué mais le président du club brésilien avait révélé quelques semaines plus tard qu'aucun accord n'avait été trouvé à cette époque.
Du côté de l'Italie, c'est la rumeur envoyant Javier Pastore à l'Inter Milan qui revient dans les colonnes de Tuttosport ce mercredi. Plus exactement, le milieu offensif argentin est placé dans un possible échange avec le milieu portugais de l'Inter João Mario. Il plaît à son compatriote Antero Henrique tandis que Pastore séduit l'Inter, notamment en raison de son passeport italien qui lui évite d'occuper une place d'extra-communautaire. Comme le précise bien Tuttosport, ce sont aujourd'hui des intermédiaires qui travaillent sur ce possible échange déjà évoqué l'été dernier.
Show full PR text
SwiftKey launches HD skin, five new languages and a longer free trial
New HD skin that looks sharp on big-screen phones
Introducing five new languages, Scandinavian layouts
Free trial period doubled for the holidays, to a month
SAN FRANCISCO, CA – SwiftKey™, the intelligent text prediction app for Google Android™ smartphones, received a significant update Wednesday that adds a new HD skin, UI improvements and five new languages.
The award-winning app, officially released less than three months ago and with over a half a million downloads to date, now has a refreshed HD skin that is optimized for screens of any size, its developers TouchType said.
TouchType's CEO Jon Reynolds said: "We've worked closely with UI experts to create a stunning high
definition skin for SwiftKey, and from the feedback we've already received, people are loving it.
SwiftKey brings an innovative solution to the problem of typing accurately on a smartphone, relying on powerful language technology to infer both the word a user is typing, and their likely next word. Using these techniques, SwiftKey users can skip whole words as they write, saving key-presses
TouchType said they were pleased to reveal a range of festive treats for SwiftKey users. For those who write in US English,
Wednesday's release improves language prediction quality and adds a keyboard layout without accented characters. For international users, the app now supports Brazilian Portuguese, Czech, Danish, Norwegian and Polish, and has support for Scandinavian keyboard layouts.
"This new version of SwiftKey is just what our most passionate users have been waiting for," said TouchType's CTO, Dr Ben Medlock.
"We've listened to our users and delivered some fundamental improvements in time for Christmas.
We've also got some incredible new features in the pipeline, so users should join our VIP community to get early access to the exciting things ahead."
The new release comes just after TouchType won a prestigious Mobile Marketing Magazine award for SwiftKey's 2010 launch. "SwiftKey is, quite simply, one of the most innovative and useful apps we have ever seen," the judges commented, adding: "Genius – there's no other word for it."
SwiftKey is available on the Google Android platform as an unlimited, paid app for $3.99 and a free trial app, offering predictions for 31 days.
Readers can apply to join SwiftKey's VIP community at http://swiftkey.net/vip.
Current SwiftKey users should update their language modules to experience quality improvements via the app's settings menu.
See SwiftKey in action on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6poOrKoEf8
SwiftKey Version 1.1.74 Change Log:
- New HD skin with sharper graphics and font
- 14 languages now supported:
- New keyboard layouts:
QWERTY English (no accented characters on long-press)
QWERTY International (accented characters on long-press)
(AZERTY, QZERTY and QWERTZ also supported)
- New suggestions ribbon added in landscape mode for menu options (e.g. contact lookup in Gmail)
- Trial now lasts 31 days
- Various bug fixes, including:
Null Pointer Exception in resetTempLanguageModel
Fixed candidates disappearing with hard keyboard after sending a message
Added ç/Ç to AZERTY layout
Support for hard keyboard microphone key on Motorola Droid
Fix crash in QuickOffice
Hamza Kashgari Mohamad Najeeb[1] (often Hamza Kashgari, Arabic: حمزة كاشغري‎; born 1989) is a Saudi poet[3] and a former columnist for the Saudi daily newspaper Al-Bilad.[4][5] In 2011, they were on a Mabahith watchlist of pro-democracy activists.[6][7]
Kashgari became the subject of a controversy after they were accused of insulting the Islamic prophet Muhammad in three short messages published through the Twitter social networking service.[8][9] King Abdullah ordered that Kashgari be arrested "for crossing red lines and denigrating religious beliefs in God and Their Prophet".[5] Kashgari left Saudi Arabia, trying to seek political asylum in New Zealand.[8] On February 12, 2012, they were extradited from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, back to Saudi Arabia and a Malaysian High Court injunction against their extradition was issued.[10] Whether Kashgari was deported before or after the issuing of the injunction is disputed between Malaysian authorities and Lawyers for Liberty (LFL).[1] Saudi authorities jailed them for nearly two years without trial for their Twitter messages.
Early life and activities [ edit ]
According to Gulf News, Kashgari was born to a family of Uyghur ancestry, which had emigrated from Kashgar, China.[11][12] Hamza Kashgari worked as a columnist for the Saudi Arabian daily Al-Bilad.[4][5] On February 7, 2012, Al-Bilad issued a statement saying that they had fired Kashgari five weeks earlier for the "inadequacy of their general views for the approach of the newspaper".[13]
Kashgari has publicly supported the Arab Spring,[14] and according to the Malaysian NGO Lawyers for Liberty (LFL), they are active in a group supporting the Arab Spring.[7] Lawyers for Liberty and N. Surendran of the Malaysian People's Justice Party (PKR) stated that Kashgari was monitored by Mabahith in 2011 and that they were "on a Saudi watchlist of young pro-democracy activists who had voiced support for the Arab Spring uprisings".[6][7] When hundreds of people protested on January 29, 2011 in Jeddah against poor infrastructure after the city was flooded and eleven people died,[15] Kashgari criticised the authorities' response in their public writing for al‑Bilad.[16] They also "raised questions about the religious police".[16] Kashgari published an article in al‑Bilad about political prisoners,[17] who constitute one of the major motivations in the 2011–2012 Saudi Arabian protests,[18] and made blog posts in support of Syrian uprising activists.[14] In early February 2012, their group of activists is prevented by Saudi police from "organizing a series of forums to show solidarity with the Syrian uprising".[6] On February 5, 2012, Kashgari participated in a sit‑in at Nawras Circle in Jeddah calling for the Syria Ambassador in Riyadh to be expelled. They were briefly detained by police.[17]
Twitter posts [ edit ]
On the occasion of Mawlid on February 4, 2012,[19] Kashgari published three messages on the Twitter website about an imagined meeting with Muhammad:[8][9]
On your birthday, I will say that I have loved the rebel in you, that you've always been a source of inspiration to me, and that I do not like the halos of divinity around you. I shall not pray for you.
On your birthday, I find you wherever I turn. I will say that I have loved aspects of you, hated others, and could not understand many more.
On your birthday, I shall not bow to you. I shall not kiss your hand. Rather, I shall shake it as equals do, and smile at you as you smile at me. I shall speak to you as a friend, no more.
Kashgari described their intentions in terms of human rights: "I view my actions as part of a process toward freedom. I was demanding my right to practice the most basic human rights—freedom of expression and thought—so nothing was done in vain. I believe I'm just a scapegoat for a larger conflict. There are a lot of people like me in Saudi Arabia who are fighting for their rights."[8] Kashgari described the status of women's rights in Saudi Arabia by stating that Saudi women "won't go to hell 'because it's impossible to go there twice."[20]
Reactions [ edit ]
Following Kashgari's controversial messages, racist comments in reference to their Turkmen family background were made against them on Twitter as "[not being] enough of a 'pure' Saudi".[11] Reactions included over 30,000 tweets regarding the subject,[21] a Facebook group calling for their execution that 26,632 members joined as of February 17, 2012 ,[22] another Facebook group in support of them that over 1,500 members joined as of February 12, 2012 ,[23] and a petition calling for all blasphemy charges against them to be dropped, signed by 7,894 people as of February 17, 2012 .[22] On February 5, 2012, Saudi cleric Nasser al-Omar called for Kashgari to be tried for apostasy, which is defined as a crime by some Muslim states.[8] The majority of Muslim scholars hold to the traditional view that apostasy in Islam is punishable by death or imprisonment until repentance, at least for adult men of sound mind.[24][25] Several contemporary Muslim scholars, including influential Islamic reformers, have rejected this, arguing for religious freedom instead.[26][27] The YouTube video clip of al-Omar demand was watched over 650,000 times in the first three days.[28]
Kashgari said that they had expected "not even 1 percent" of the reaction it elicited.[8] On February 6, Kashgari issued an apology[29] and deleted their Twitter account, saying that "some like-minded friends have done the same".[8] According to Emirates 24/7, Kashgari's letter of apology[30] was published in many Saudi newspapers.[4] Saudi Media Minister Abdel Aziz Khoja banned them from writing in any Saudi publication.[8][31] On February 8, the General Presidency of Scholarly Research and Ifta, headed by Saudi Grand Mufti Abdul-Azeez ibn Abdullaah Aal ash-Shaikh, issued a statement calling for Kashgari to be tried.[32][33]
In mid-February, the Grand Mufti of Egypt, Ali Gomaa, responded to the calls for Kashgari's execution stating, "We don't kill our sons, we talk to them." They listed "three points before [making] any judgments": verifying what Kashgari "really said", deciding if Kashgari's statements were "a form of misconduct, an expression of doubt, or an actual insult", and "if one repents it should be accepted".[34] On February 12, the Association of British Muslims called for King Abdullah to drop any charges laid against Kashgari, stating "Thought crime is no crime at all...Any state enforced penalty for perceived blasphemy runs contrary to the true spirit of Islam, and of our Prophet, peace be upon him, who was compassionate even to those who scorned him...No one should be legally prosecuted, imprisoned or detained for simply expressing themselves."[35]
On February 13, the Washington Post described King Abdullah's February 10 criticism of President Bashar al-Assad's actions during the 2011–2012 Syrian uprising to be hypocritical in comparison with their order for the prosecution of Kashgari and the killing by Saudi security forces of Muneer al-Midani[36] on February 9 and Zuhair al-Said on February 10[37] in political protests in Qatif.[20] Kashgari and their lawyers believe that the calls for their execution may be politically motivated, as part of a crackdown on Saudi Arabian activists involved in the Arab Spring.[14]
Exile, arrest, and deportation [ edit ]
Kashgari stated that they wished to apply for political asylum[8] in New Zealand.[9] On February 7, Al Arabiya online reported that Kashgari had left Saudi Arabia.[38][39] King Abdullah ordered Kashgari's arrest "for crossing red lines and denigrating religious beliefs in God and Their Prophet."[5] They were then arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia on February 9.[40][41][42]
On February 10, Kashgari's lawyer, Muhammad Afiq Muhammad Noor, said that the Malaysian police inspector general and Ministry of Home Affairs had received their application for access to Kashgari and had not yet granted access. Malaysia does not have an extradition treaty with Saudi Arabia.[43] Kashgari's lawyers obtained a High Court injunction at 13:30 local time, February 12, ordering "the police, the Home Ministry, as well as the Subang and Kuala Lumpur International Airport immigration authorities to stop Kashgari's deportation".[10] The lawyers were told that Kashgari had already boarded a plane, at 10:00 local time (02:00 UTC).[10] According to Fadiah Nadwa Fikri of Lawyers for Liberty, the court injunction against Kashgari's injunction was granted on February 12 at 13:45 (local time). At around 14:15 to 14:30 at Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport (Subang), Kashgari's lawyers found that there were no immigration records of Kashgari's departure. At 15:15, they found no immigration records of their departure from Kuala Lumpur International Airport.[1] Malaysian police spokesperson Ramli Yoosuf confirmed that Kashgari had been deported back to Saudi Arabia.[44][45] They were arrested in Riyadh on the "night" of February 12.[46]
Amnesty International,[2][21] Human Rights Watch,[43] Electronic Frontier Foundation,[47] Freedom House,[48] EveryOne Groups,[49] and Front Line Defenders[50] called on the government of Malaysia to release Kashgari and not to extradite them to Saudi Arabia.[2] Amnesty also called them a prisoner of conscience.[2] The European Union condemned their deportation, saying it would "[take] all appropriate steps to achieve a positive outcome of Mr Kashgari's case".[51]
Interpol denied any involvement in Kashgari's case[51][52] after news reports mentioned that Malaysia had arrested and deported them based on an Interpol request.[52] The Ministry of Home Affairs and the Royal Malaysia Police withdrew their claim of Interpol involvement. The Malaysian NGO Lawyers for Liberty stated, "The initial claim of Interpol's involvement was a blatant attempt to varnish the arrest with a veneer of international legitimacy since the arrest could not be justified under international law as Hamza was clearly a political refugee".[6] Freedom of Information Act request to Interpol in the United States returned no responsive documents related to the case.[53]
Freedom [ edit ]
After nearly two years in prison, Kashgari was freed on October 29, 2013. Kashgari used Twitter to inform their supporters of their release. Kashgari's lawyer, Abdul Rahman Allahim, confirmed the release in another tweet. They returned home where they were reunited with their mother.[54]
Legal cases [ edit ]
Malaysia [ edit ]
Lawyers for Liberty claimed that Malaysian authorities violated international law by not allowing Kashgari to try to obtain political asylum.[6] Lawyer K. Ragunath and several members of Lawyers for Liberty filed a habeas corpus affidavit against the Inspector-General of Police, the Immigration Director-General, the Home Minister and the federal government of Malaysia, alleging that they had been "misled throughout [Kashgari's] arrest and deportation."[1] Fadiah Nadwa Fikri of Lawyers for Liberty referred to the authorities' initial claim of an Interpol request that was later retracted, an incorrect claim of Kashgari's arrival date in Malaysia, and a claim that Kashgari had been deported "according to a 'long-standing arrangement' [between] Malaysia and Saudia Arabia." They said that no such treaty or official documentation exists.[1] Lawyers for Liberty claimed that no immigration records existed for Kashgari's would-be 10:00 departure on February 12.[1]
Saudi Arabia [ edit ]
According to Arab News, Kashgari will be charged by Saudi Arabian judicial authorities with blasphemy.[46] Human Rights Watch believes that they are to be charged with apostasy and that they have already been declared by Saudi religious authorities to be guilty of apostasy prior to trial.[55] In August 2012, Kashgari's family published a poem by them in which they apologized for the offense they had caused, and they asked publicly for their release, a common practice during Eid Al-Fitr, the holiday marking the end of Ramadan. They were not released.[56] Kashgari tweeted about their sudden release on Oct 29, 2013 saying "Mornings of hope...souls that live and never die. Thanks to God." Kashgari's lawyer, Abdulrahman Allahim, congratulated them on their release. There has been no comment from the Saudi government.[57]
See also [ edit ]
The National Football League Players Association has jumped into the ongoing class-action lawsuit brought by over 1,800 former players, claiming that the NFL wilfully distributed addictive painkillers by the fistful while keeping them in the dark about the long-term negative health impacts.
On April 28, the NFLPA filed a grievance letter claiming that the league has violated the terms of the 2011 Collective Bargaining Agreement. Specifically, the NFLPA is alleging “the NFL and clubs have ‘disregarded … explicit CBA requirements as they apply to the proper, legal, medically ethical prescription, dispensing, and transportation of prescription painkillers,” a violation of Article 39, which covers proper medical treatment.
The non-injury grievance letter was made public on Monday by the NFL as part of its argument that a second painkiller lawsuit, filed by former Chicago Bears defensive end Richard Dent, should be dismissed, and citing the current CBA as a reason for doing so. (Dent v. National Football League, which makes similar claims as the larger suit, Evans et al v. Arizona Cardinals Football Club, LLC et al., was dismissed in 2014. The ongoing appeal is being heard by the same court that is adjudicating Evans, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.)
The NFLPA jumped into the fray, according to the site Advocacy for Athletes, after the Washington Post and Deadspin got their hands on sealed court filings revealing that, for years, NFL team doctors failed to properly record the medications they were administering, individuals without a medical license such as team trainers were doling out painkillers and other controlled substances which required a prescription, and all while actively working to skirt DEA and Federal guidelines.
Further reporting by the Washington Post revealed a number of truly disturbing exchanges between NFL medical professionals and a DEA official charged with briefing them in 2011, including a team doctor who was confused as to why military planes are permitted to transport controlled substances across state lines and the NFL isn't. “So [the team doctor] says, ‘The military is exempt? Well, think of our players as warriors every Sunday on the field of battle.' I was stunned,” the shocked and baffled DEA official said.
The court filings were intended to be kept under seal, but thanks to a filing error, they were discovered by the Post. After the presiding judge made the documents public, the NFLPA issued a statement expressing concern on March 10. They then formally requested additional information from the NFL on three separate instances in April without receiving a response.
In the letter, the NFLPA lays out the instances of medical negligence that it claims violate the CBA, and paints a picture of a league which appears to be acting more like a criminal cartel. In one such instance, a Cincinnati Bengals trainer required a DEA certificate and emailed, “I need it for my records when the NFL ‘pill counters' come to see if we are doing things right. Don't worry, I'm pretty good at keeping them off the trail!”
They also mention DeflateGate:
“Having recently punished the New England Patriots to the tune of forfeiting first- and fourth-round draft picks plus a $1 million fine for alleged conduct relating to taking a tiny amount of air out of footballs, it is incomprehensible that the League has taken no action whatsoever against Clubs to redress and incentivize compliance with their Article 39 obligations towards the health and safety of NFL players.”
Dredging up that intractable and utterly pointless two-year-long fiasco may read like like a petty bit of trolling by the NFLPA, but they're not wrong. The NFL is perfectly capable of taking swift action, sending the entirety of its hulking investigative apparatus into the fray, and assessing serious penalties, when it chooses to do so, demanding that union members relinquish a cell phone and pouring through ostensibly private communications in order to ascertain “the truth.”
To date, there is no record that teams have been fined or otherwise reprimanded for the rampant use of Vicodin and Toradol, substances that if properly regulated would mean the end of the NFL as we know it.
One of the things people marvel at with Donald Trump is how successful he's been over the last year with these gyres and tirades which are full not only of what are often demonstrably false claims but increasingly hyperbolic warnings about the future. In their statement yesterday Trump said “If we do not get tough and smart real fast, we are not going to have a country anymore. Because our leaders are weak, I said this was going to happen – and it is only going to get worse.”
As I've written, I think this was much more effective in Republican primaries than with a general election electorate. But the pattern is clearly still there. In pure Trump whether it ends up being effective or not. Some claims get dropped. Others come up repeatedly even though they're shown to be demonstrably false. Many see this as part of Trump's spellbinding but horrifying magic. But I hear something different, something others in business may recognize. For Trump, mass casualty terror is like a sell point in a high pressure sales pitch. Glengarry Glen Ross meets Joseph Goebbels.
Trump's tirades are part and parcel of a certain kind of high pressure sales technique. Which makes sense because that's what Trump does for a living. Most people don't change a lot once they've lived almost 70 years. There's a certain kind of salesperson who's approach is to wear you down, attract and terrify you with an escalating array of blandishments and warnings. It's gonna get bad, real bad … unless you do this, and it'll be amazing.
There's a closely related negotiation variant, which someone who knows Trump from the business world describes here.
If you know the type, you know that whether any of these things are true or even relevant is largely beside the point. Hear the pitch again a few days later and the mix of threats and promises is likely as not to be totally different. Also note that when Trump gets asked just what their plans are or what he's going to do to make everything great, virtually always their response is simply to say it will be amazing.
You can see something similar in the way they adopt horribly demeaning nicknames for opponents – “Little Marco”, “Lyin' Ted”, “Crooked Hillary” – and then drops them and calls them great guys as soon as the fight is over. That makes sense. None of it's real. It's just part of the sale. They used to say wonderful things about Hillary Clinton. Sometimes the comedy of it is something Trump themselves has to note it. After finally dispatching Ted Cruz and moving on to Hillary Clinton, in one recent speech they said: “Ted Cruz is no longer a liar, we don't say Lyin' Ted anymore”We love Ted, we love him, right? We love him. Now we don't want to say Lyin' Ted. I'd love to pull it out and just use it on lying, crooked Hillary because they are a liar.”
Quite apart from the hideousness of many of their statements and proposed policies, one thing that is hard to ignore in virtually everything Trump says is that there's little sense they believe any of it. Or perhaps better to say, little reason to think he'd thought of it or believed it until it became situational helpful to do so. Of course, every politician panders to the needs of the moment to some degree. But usually it is at least in tension with pre-existing or longstanding beliefs or positions. Trump has no such tension. This is obviously a great indictment of Trump's character. But the framework and practice of high pressure sales is a much more helpful and explanatory way to understand almost everything Trump does. The details don't matter. It's about the sale.
With the Riders agreeing to terms with linebacker Cameron Judge, there's just one player from the top two rounds of the 2017 CFL Draft left unsigned: Carleton receiver Nate Behar. And things are not going well.
The Eskimos, now led by new general manager Brock Sunderland, have begun leaking info to the media about the state of negotiations and blaming the state of affairs on Behar's agent, Jonathon Hardaway.
Inside source said Behar's agent Hardaway has asked for either $40k to sign or in guaranteed $ and an overall salary = to a top 2 picks. #CFL — Gerry Moddejonge (@GerryModdejonge) May 28, 2017
Nate Behar camp is negotiating from a position of weakness. #Eskimos have made an above market value offer, they have REC depth. #CFL — Dave Campbell (@Dave_CHED) May 28, 2017
Every day Behar misses of camp he's doing themselves a disservice. They were the 5th overall pick, #Eskimos have offered money above that. #CFL — Dave Campbell (@Dave_CHED) May 28, 2017
@DHemp1991 Maybe tension is a strong word but going into a veteran team after holding out isn't a good look. — Dave Campbell (@Dave_CHED) May 28, 2017
Behar is a good kid who is unfortunately represented by an agent who doesn't look after the best interest of their client. #Eskimos #CFL https://t.co/16wigmTuhR — Dave Campbell (@Dave_CHED) May 28, 2017
Hardaway does have a reputation for being a tough negotiator who is willing to keep their clients out of training camp. They represent offensive lineman Josiah St. John, who held out after being selected first overall by the Saskatchewan Roughriders last year. They also represent linebackers Cory Greenwood and Henoc Muamba, offensive lineman Matt O'Donnell and Kirby Fabien, linebacker Frederic Plesius, defensive back Chris Ackie… many of those players have had contentious negotiations with their respective teams.
Of course, St. John ended up with $77,000 in base salary for 2016 with a $25,000 signing bonus – the highest salary and most up front money of any 2016 draft pick – and it isn't Hardaway's job to get along with teams or make things easy.
In a few weeks' time, California may become the first state to legalize injection sites for IV and other drug users.
A bill, AB 186, would allow "specified counties or cities within those counties" to establish "supervised injection services programs" with the aim of preventing overdoses and the spread of HIV and other infections, reports NBC4 media partner KPCC.
The injection sites would have to be clean and be supervised by a health care professional. They would also need to provide hypodermic needles, the overdose reversal drug naloxone, and referrals to drug treatment.
"If we treat people humanely, if they're coming in and they're forming a relationship, we are much more likely to treat those abscesses, much more likely to catch early rates of infection, much more likely to save lives," said Assemblywoman Susan Eggman, who authored the bill.
The bill has passed the state Assembly and is awaiting a Senate vote in a couple of weeks.
Read more at KPCC.
(Photo courtesy Diana Walker/TIME)
Diana Walker, the award-winning photographer who shot the picture while on assignment with TIME magazine, was concerned when their photo started swirling around Internet. They hadn't been asked, paid, or credited for the use of their work, they say.
But the story has a happy ending: the creators of the site have now added a credit line for the photos, and that's enough for Walker.
“I'm following Secretary Clinton's lead and being amused and taken with the idea that this picture is all over the world.” they say. Still, they say, the incident underscores the conflicts between photographers, who want to control their work, and the wide world of the Internet, where everything seems free. “There needs to be a dialogue about this,” they say.
Walker insists they didn't realize how powerful the image would be when when they captured the black-and-white photo, which she—along with Reuters photographer Kevin Lamarque, who shot a color version that's also being used on the Tumblr site—took during a flight to Libya late last year.
And they wish that people who want to grab photos from the Internet and use them for their own purposes would make an effort to contact their original creators. “Before they used it, how about a call to me?” they asked. But, they admit, that might have resulted in no such memorable meme. “I'm not sure I would have said yes.”
Derek Bauman (Photo: Provided)
Derek Bauman is an Over-the-Rhine resident, a 25-year police officer and former union president.
For over half a century, since the days of political patronage jobs and the anti-worker 1947 Ohio Ferguson Act, Democrats in Ohio have fought to create a process for public employees to bargain collectively, not only for wages, but for working conditions and safety equipment, free from the whims of elected politicians, particularly those who would use them as pawns in political games for their own personal benefit.
This culminated with the passage of Senate Bill 133, Ohio's Collective Bargaining Law, by a Democratic legislature and signed by Democratic Gov. Dick Celeste in 1983.
What we have learned since that time is that this process has worked well, not only for employees, but for municipal employers and all of the citizens of the state. According to statistics presented at the time by Sen. Eugene Branstool, who introduced the bill, 434 public employee strikes took place in Ohio from 1971 to 1981.
That was a time of chaos. But since that time, the collective bargaining process has worked and public employee strikes and other unrest have been rare.
The system is set up with checks and balances, and a process for contracts to be negotiated and for sticking points to be resolved without necessitating the upheaval of strikes, with fair representation for workers, and with respect to the fiscal realities of local government.
The last time our collective bargaining process was under attack from politicians in Ohio was with the passage of Senate Bill 5. Senate Bill 5 was resoundingly repealed by 62 percent of Ohio voters in 2011. In short, the collective bargaining process works. This has been proved. Collective bargaining fails when politicians try to inject themselves and their own personal interests into the process.
And that is what we have in Cincinnati.
I know the risks that our public safety servants face every day, having spent 25 years – my entire adult life – as a cop on the streets. I am on crutches right now because of an on-duty injury sustained during a felony arrest. I support significant raises for our police officers, firefighters and all municipal employees. They are well-deserved.
But Mayor John Cranley's current proposal isn't really about raises, it's about political divisiveness. If it was about the raises, they would be working in Columbus and elsewhere to find more revenue for the city to be able to afford them. If it was about the raises, it would have been brought up in June, during the process when the council passed and the mayor signed a city budget that did in fact include raises. Why the dog and pony show now? Just six weeks later and after two bargaining units already have signed contracts that were agreeable to all involved?
Because it's about everything that the three years of the Cranley administration have been about: political gamesmanship and divisively attempting to play natural allies against one another for their own personal political benefit. In this case, the mayor is trying to create a wedge between progressives and unions.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
We have learned that politicians getting involved in the collective bargaining process harms the process. And in the long term, anything that harms collective bargaining harms workers.
We've strived for over half a century to keep pandering politicians out of public sector employment issues and collective bargaining. Now is not the time to return to the chaos of pre-1983.
We must allow the system to work as it was intended to by Celeste, and the visionary legislature of the time. Permit the process to work for the benefit of employees, citizens and all parties involved.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2bjH4ao
When Sara Lazar was in graduate school, they attended a yoga class because a physical therapist they had visited for knee and back pain said they needed to stretch. As a Ph.D. student in molecular biology, they had no expectation that the class would do anything except maybe get them back in training for a marathon.
“At that point, I equated yoga with power pyramids and tin-foil hats,” said Lazar, associate researcher in the psychiatry department at Massachusetts General Hospital and an assistant professor in psychology at Harvard Medical School. When the yoga teacher would claim that certain poses provided health benefits, Lazar said they rolled them eyes.
After three or four weeks, however, Lazar noticed dramatic changes in how they felt mentally. “I was calmer. I was less reactive,” said Lazar, who spoke at a September 28 Neuroscience & Society event co-sponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Dana Foundation. “It was clear to me that it was the yoga practice.”
AAAS and the Dana Foundation have collaborated on the Neuroscience & Society lecture series since 2012, with twenty events so far reaching 3400 attendees. The purpose of the series is to provide a public forum for experts to share the latest advances in brain research and what they might mean for individuals and society.
After Lazar's experience with yoga, they finished their Ph.D. and switched as a post-doc to researching whether, and if so how, meditation and yoga can change your brain.
News_0928_Meditation_teaser
Yoga and meditation can affect the brain's structure and function, according to a researcher at a AAAS-Dana Foundation Neuroscience & Society event. | Michael Madd/Flickr ( CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 )
The first study Lazar and their colleagues undertook involved regular practitioners of meditation and those who did not meditate. The two groups were demographically matched for gender, race, age and education.
The study, using scans of the subjects' brains, showed that the meditators had more gray matter, which equates with more neuronal activity and better performance, in certain areas. The insula, which is associated with the integration of thoughts, senses and emotions, was thicker in gray matter in the meditation practitioners. So was the prefrontal cortex, which handles working memory and fluid intelligence, or IQ. In their presentation, Lazar pointed out that other studies have shown that people who have practiced meditation long-term have higher IQs than non-meditators.
A question that arose in response to the study, however, was whether the brains of people who meditated were different for other reasons. For instance, was the diet of people who meditated different? The next challenge was to see if it was possible to show, not only differences in brain matter between meditators and non-meditators, but to document actual changes associated with meditation activity.
For this challenge, Lazar and their team recruited study subjects from the Center for Mindfulness at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. The researchers used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to scan the brains of the participants before and after they took an eight-week class called Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction. People who were on a wait-list for the class served as a control group, having their brains scanned at the same times as those who took the class.
According to Lazar, several regions of the brains of the subjects who took the class showed increases in gray matter that did not occur in the control group. The posterior cingulate, an area associated with focus, showed changes. The temporo-parietal junction, an area associated with empathy and compassion, also changed over the eight weeks. And the area of the cerebellum into the brainstem changed, a modification that is associated with well-being. The hippocampus, which is smaller in people who have experienced trauma, showed an increase in size.
At the same time, the amygdala, which is associated with anxiety, decreased in size, even though the subjects were still experiencing stress in their lives.
“There was nothing about their environment that was changing. All of them still had their crazy boss, still had the relatives that drove them nuts, their commute,” said Lazar. “Nothing had changed except for their amygdala. So, what we're seeing is the amygdala is responding, not to the actual environment, but to your response to the environment.”
Meanwhile, Lazar's lab has also looked at the effect of yoga and meditation on aging. In a study involving yoga practitioners, meditators and controls who did no yoga or meditation, the yogis and meditators had preserved the thickness in the prefrontal cortex and insula, two areas of the brain that usually decrease with age, causing a loss of fluid intelligence.
“This really suggests that meditation may have a bit of an anti-aging effect,” Lazar said. “It may protect our brains from the normal effects of aging.”
Lazar summed up their presentation with a nod to the research question they embarked upon when they first started their research. “My take-home message,” they said, “is meditation can really change your brain.”
[Associated Image Credit: Joffers951/Wikimedia Commons (CC BY-SA-4.0)]
MADISON, Wis. -- Using just a single drop of blood, a team of University of Wisconsin-Madison researchers has developed a faster, cheaper and more accurate tool for diagnosing even mild cases of asthma.
This handheld technology -- which takes advantage of a previously unknown correlation between asthmatic patients and the most abundant type of white blood cells in the body -- means doctors could diagnose asthma even if their patients are not experiencing symptoms during their visit to the clinic.
The team described its findings in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) published online on April 7. The researchers used neutrophil cell function in a clinical study to show accurate asthma diagnosis.
"What we've done in this paper is presented data that neutrophil cell function in some cases can predict -- and in this case actually predicted and measured -- whether someone is asthmatic or not," says David Beebe, a UW-Madison professor of biomedical engineering and co-author on the paper. "This is one of the first studies to show that this process could actually work in a cheap, easy and practical way."
Asthma remains a very difficult disorder to accurately diagnose. Currently, asthma diagnosis consists of a series of clinical tests, often heavily informed by lung functionality tests. "They'll measure how much air you can take in, and they'll measure different chemical components of the respired air," Beebe says.
Many of the current tests for diagnosing asthma rely at least partially on the patient experiencing symptoms during or close to their physician visit. Additionally, all of the diagnostic tests require the patient's compliance, which can make diagnosis difficult for the elderly or in children. "Right now, asthma diagnosis is based on indirect measures," Beebe says, "which is not optimal. So the premise in this paper was that cell function could be used to diagnose asthma and that we could measure cell function in way that was simple and cheap enough to be used clinically."
To directly diagnose asthma, Beebe and their team focused on the cell function of neutrophils. Neutrophils are the most abundant white blood cell in the body and generally are the first cells to migrate toward inflammation. "Neutrophils are sort of like a dog tracking something. They sense a chemical gradient, like an odor, in the body," Beebe says.
In other words, the human body emits chemical signals in response to inflammation or wounds and the neutrophils detect those chemical signals and migrate to the site of the wound to aid in the healing process. Researchers can track the velocity at which the neutrophil cells migrate -- the chemotaxis velocity -- to differentiate nonasthmatic samples from the significantly reduced chemotaxis velocity of asthmatic patients.
Traditionally, a clinical study of neutrophils required so much blood work, specialized equipment and processing that it was impractical to use in diagnostics. However, UW-Madison students developed the kit-on-a-lid-assay (KOALA) microfluidic technology, which allows them to detect neutrophils using just a single drop of blood.
The KOALA diagnostic procedure is very simple. Using simple lids and bases (each being a small, cheap piece of plastic), diagnosticians place a KOALA lid containing a chemical mixture onto the base containing the blood sample. That chemical mixture triggers neutrophil migration -- and researchers can automatically track and analyze the neutrophil chemotaxis velocity using custom software.
Beebe emphasizes that by using the KOALA lids containing premixed chemicals, the diagnostic procedure is scalable, cheap, quick and repeatable. "The KOALA platform represents the next-generation biomedical research kit," they say. "Instead of getting a box of media and staining solution and having to do a lot of manual manipulation, you would get the base for the fluid sample, the prepackaged KOALA lids, and to do any testing, just place a lid (or series of lids) on the base."
###
Other UW-Madison collaborators on the project include recent graduate Eric Karl-Heniz Sackmann; Erwin Berthier, a research scientist in biomedical engineering; Elizabeth Schwantes and Paul Fichtinger, allergy and immunology research specialists; Michael Evans, a biostatistician in the department of biostatistics and medial informatics; Anna Huttenlocher, a pediatrics professor; Sameer Mathur, an allergy and immunology associate professor; and Laura Dziadzio, formerly of UW-Madison.
--John Steeno, 608-263-5988, jsteeno@wisc.edu
Questions Atheists are Often Asked
By Pam Zerba
Presented by PA Nonbelievers (PAN) – Central Pennsylvania's community of atheists, agnostics and humanists, with meetings in York, Harrisburg, Lancaster, Lebanon, Reading, Chambersburg.
People often have questions of atheists. These are my answers to common questions. They are just one person's answers; atheists have no scripture, no book summarizing our beliefs.
What philosophy of life does an atheist have?
One of the functions religion performs is to give you a framework to use in making decisions, in living a rewarding life. What is an atheist's framework?
Realism. Atheists have no excuse. We are responsible for our lives. With us, what you see is what you get; there is no “God sees the truth, but waits” “I'm earning my crown in heaven.” As Cher says, life is not a dress rehearsal. Have you read the Wizard of Oz? In the book, not the movie, the Tin Woodman is very careful not to step on bugs or worms on the sidewalk, because they didn't know how somebody with a heart would behave. They erred on the side of caution. We atheists have to do the right thing, because there is no heavenly being who understands that we are really good people, deep down, and no list of immutable rules that fit every situation.
Religious people say that's a recipe for selfishness. It can be. But religious philosophy can lead to passivity, to a “it's all for the best” “God doesn't make mistakes” attitude that can lead to an acceptance of things that shouldn't be accepted.
When I was a kid, Catholics couldn't get divorced. I saw lots of unhappy marriages, lots of unhappy kids, because of that. People sacrificed their lives to do what they thought God wanted, although, interestingly, they apparently don't care so much anymore. What happened to all those unhappy lives, unhappy because they lived in the 1950s instead of the 1970s?
Remember Huck Finn? There's a key chapter early in the book when Huck and their friend, the slave Jim, are going down the Mississippi, and Huck has a crisis of conscience. He's helping Jim escape. That's a sin, isn't it? All the nice religious people of Hannibal, MO certainly think so. In what some people regard as a key moment in American literature Huck finally decides that they don't care: he'll go to hell, but they will help Jim escape.
My high school religion class asked our teacher, a priest, if that didn't mean that Huck would, indeed, go to hell, even though he'd done what we all knew was the right thing. Huck had decided that what they wanted was more important than what God wanted; isn't that the definition of sin?
No, the priest told us. Huck had a malformed conscience. They did not correctly discern the difference between right and wrong.
Wait a second. How does that work? we all wondered. How do you know if you have a malformed conscience? Couldn't you just assume that anytime you wanted to do anything sinful? We finally decided among ourselves that the priest hadn't wanted to upset us by confirming that Huck indeed was going to hell.
What these examples tell me is that the rules aren't quite as permanent as religious people want to think. And if that's true – if the rules are subject to interpretation – how can be people be sent to hell, how can laws be written, based on them?
What about the accusation that atheism can lead too selfishness to bad behavior? When I hear religious people say that, I always wonder what it is they would be doing, if it weren't for religion. I mean, would my religious women friends go down to Baltimore and start picking up sailors? Do drugs? Steal? I don't think so. I think people want to have friends, a happy personal life, and they behave in a way that allows that result to occur.
But doesn't a religious population engage in more civic activity?
Perhaps. But the record of religious involvement in civic affairs is by no means cloudless. Churches rightfully point to their involvement in the Civil Rights movement. But how many churches supported segregation, in fact supported slavery, and let the consciences of their members doze. We don't remember this now, but one of the most contentious issues of the late 19th-early 20th century was temperance. Political elections, the presidency itself, hinged on whether the candidate was a “wet” supporter of alcohol, or “dry,” a supporter of prohibition. One of the key organizations that pushed prohibition was the WCTU – the Women's Christian Temperance Union. Well, they won, and we know how well that turned out.
Here's the point: atheists believe that we are all responsible for what we think and what we do. We cannot escape responsibility for our actions, or for actions done in our name, by pointing to a higher power.
What have you got to lose by believing? After all, if you're a believer and you're wrong, well, you haven't lost anything, have you? But if you are an atheist and you're wrong – well, everlasting hellfire for you!
This is actually an old argument, stated by the otherwise sensible French philosopher Blaise Pascal. It's known as Pascal's wager. I would argue that you would lose a lot, by subjugating your own judgment and your own humanity to a being that doesn't exist. The thing is, though, I don't understand the basic premise. It says that non-believers should pretend to believe, even if they don't, because that will fool God? I don't know that there is any God I could believe in but I'm sure that a basic requirement of that God is that he'd have to be smarter than I am. What is the point of a God you could so easily bamboozle?
What good do atheists do? Do you do anything on the scale of churches – run hospitals, soup kitchens, etc?
I disagree with the premise. It's like asking the Audubon Society where their hospitals and missions are. That's not what the Audubon Society does, and it's not what PAN does, either.
And I'd like to take credit for part of those good works by religious groups. After all, one of the reasons that they are able to do what they do is that they are tax-exempt. My taxes help support this organization, whether I like it or not, and believe me, there are many of them I would never send a nickel to.
Added by Webmaster: Also, turn that question around – What good do YOU do? Individually, how many charities have you contributed to this year? Many PAN members on our own volunteer for several charity causes, and PAN occasionally raises money for emergency causes and other area needs – Please see our “About” page
Maybe you are right, at least about some things. But why do you have to talk about it?
I've found that many people agree with at least some of our ideas, but wish we would shut up about them. It makes them uncomfortable for us to point out the inconsistencies and hypocrisies in religion, the less than wonderful aspects of various religious activities and people. They seem to feel that we are vulgar to bring all this up out loud – sort of like someone who would walk into a kindergarten blaring that there's no Santa Claus. Maybe that's right, but why do you have to bring it up?
The lack of an atheist or non-believer viewpoint leads to distortions of history, and thought, that can be dangerous. In the last few years we are bombarded with the statement that the United States is a Christian nation. That is clearly not true. Neither Jefferson nor Madison claimed that in the Declaration of Independence or Constitution, and John Adams specifically denied it in the Treaty of Tripoli.
It concerns atheists that a significant minority in this country seem to be determined to classify all non-Christians – and that means Jews, Muslims, Hindus, and all the other non-Christian religionists, not just atheists and agnostics – as second class citizens. Why wouldn't we want to stand up and be counted when that is going on?
Abortion and same-sex marriage remain among the most contentious issues in this country. Health care reform was held hostage to the abortion question. While neither abortion nor same-sex marriage are purely religious issues – I know atheists who oppose both – it can't be denied that both get a significant part of their political traction from religious groups. Why shouldn't atheists identify themselves and state our point of view when religious people don't hesitate to try to turn their beliefs into laws?
But don't you think that the world just doesn't make sense if there's no God?
Why do our hearts look for faith, why does almost every culture have some kind of supernatural component, if it isn't true? I think humans are always trying to understand, and formulate an explanation for events we don't understand. As our knowledge expands, the old explanations fade away. The Greek gods lived on top of mountains until people climbed mountains, and in the sky, until we flew. Thunder was the result of the gods fighting. We know better now.
As you probably know, Catholics believe that the Virgin Mary appeared in Lourdes, in France. Many miraculous cures are attributed to drinking or bathing in the water at Lourdes. But the pace of miracles there has dramatically slowed down in the last 50 years. The reason for that is simple. Medicine has improved, and doctors can explain a lot of cures that used to be called miraculous. As knowledge expands, our restless determination to understand is satisfied by truth, not the supernatural.
Why do the arguments in favor of God, or gods, have to be so elaborate? If there is a god, why are they so hard to find? Religious people say, why, just look at the beauty of nature, the order of nature – don't you see God in that? But couldn't god say loudly and clearly that they exist? Instead of the hundreds, perhaps thousands of religions, couldn't they take a minute to explain what it is they want from us? I know there are arguments explaining why that's not possible, but they simply don't make sense to me, unless God is playing a sort of elaborate practical joke on humanity, or just likes playing hard to get – which hardly seems godlike.
The weather system 'actually sounds like a crappy science fiction movie to me,' they say. Limbaugh slams polar vortex 'hoax'
Rush Limbaugh on Monday accused the media and liberals of creating the polar vortex to “lie” to the public about the “hoax” of climate change and global warming.
The conservative radio host told their listeners that “the left, the media, everybody” came up with “this phrase called the ‘polar vortex'” to connect the current cold weather conditions around the country to “the global warming agenda.”
Story Continued Below
“We are having a record-breaking cold snap in many parts of the country,” they said, according to a transcript. “And right on schedule the media have to come up with a way to make it sound like it's completely unprecedented. Because they've got to find a way to attach this to the global warming agenda, and they have. It's called the ‘polar vortex.' The dreaded polar vortex.”
PHOTOS: Deep freeze: Winter weather around the country)
Limbaugh said liberals are “in the middle of a hoax, they're perpetrating a hoax, but they're relying on their total dominance of the media to lie to you each and every day about climate change and global warming.”
“So they created the polar vortex, and the polar vortex, something's happened, and that cold air which normally stays is in the North Pole, something's happening, something deeply mysterious and perhaps tragic is happening,” Limbaugh said.
The weather system “actually sounds like a crappy science fiction movie to me,” according to the radio host.
“My point is you have a lot of people who are believing that this is as cold as it's ever been,” Limbaugh later added. “You might think that flies in the face of global warming. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Global warming's not climate change, and we, folks, are causing all of this, you must understand. The hoax continues.”
“I'm telling you, the truth and the left never intersect anymore,” Limbaugh told their listeners.
A British "email prankster" reportedly tricked a number of White House officials, including Anthony Scaramucci and the president's point person on cybersecurity.
The individual, who describes themselves as a "lazy anarchist" on Twitter, posed as recently fired chief of staff Reince Priebus when they emailed Mr Scaramucci, days after the new White House director of communication had lambasted Mr Priebus in a foul-mouthed tirade to a reporter.
Using a mail.com account, they messaged Mr Scaramucci on Saturday, CNN reported, the day after Mr Priebus's departure.
"I had promised myself I would leave my hands mud free," wrote the fake Mr Priebus, who shared the correspondence with the US broadcaster.
"But after reading your tweet today which stated how; 'soon we will learn who in the media who has class, and who hasn't', has pushed me to this.
IN THE first two games of the season the Savannah State Tigers conceded a total of 139 points to Oklahoma State and Florida State, two college-football powerhouses, without scoring a single point itself. Its offense was outgained by a staggering 925 yards. This mismatch may have been particularly egregious, but similar “cupcake” contests are common before the gruelling schedule against perennial conference rivals begins.
The Tigers aren't throwing games. But from their perspective, being legitimately chastened by a top-calibre team is too lucrative to pass up. Host institutions make up for their embarrassing supremacy on the scoreboard by paying opponents hundreds of thousands of dollars to make the trip. The payouts can cover much of the cost of fielding a football team. In 2010 the 118 institutions participating in college football's top division—the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), formerly Division 1—spent on average $13m each on players, coaches' salaries and other expenses.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This year Savannah State, which plays one division below the FBS, in the Football Championship Subdivision (FCS), pocketed $860,000 from its two FBS opponents. This is relatively small change to the likes of Florida State and Oklahoma State, which rake in over $30m a year (half of this goes to the team; the rest props up the school's other athletic budgets). But it is two-thirds of the $1.3m Savannah State spent on the Tigers in 2010, and 17% of the college's total athletics budget for 2012. And Savannah State's athletic director, Sterling Steward Jr, was hardly alone in making their team a laughingstock in exchange for a large cheque or two. In 57 other games over the first two weekends of the season an FCS side made the trip to face off against an FBS one. FBS teams won 48 of them.
But why do teams from the six so-called “power conferences”, which are home to almost all of the sport's best sides and which have inked generous television contracts in recent years, splurge on such seemingly pointless extravagance? One reason has to do with the rule set by the NCAA, college football's governing body, requiring that an FBC team win six regular-season games (out of twelve) to qualify for a post-season "bowl", an extra game that is essentially a (rather well) paid exhibition. Teams can count a win against an FCS opponent towards the six-win minimum. As a result, paying a poor FCS squad to get walloped can earn a middling FBC team rich returns from the bowl.
As important, maximising the number of home games is critical to many teams' bottom-lines—and the financial health of their parent athletic departments. Many stills make as much or more money from ticket sales for the six or seven home games they play every season. In 2010 the median FBC team earned about $10m from ticket and concession sales. For the best teams, which can expect to win more than six games anyway, the reason for indulging in cupcake contests is driven purely by ticket sales, from which the Ohio State University, the University of Michigan and Pennsylvania State University, all of whom play in front of more than 100,000 fans at home, earn around four times the FBC average.
All this has led to a situation where teams in less strong FBC groupings like the Mid-America Conference (MAC) now charge $725,000 to visit an FBC team from a major conference. That has prompted even the stronger teams, such as Florida State, to look further down the division tables for the likes of Savannah State, which are cheap by comparison. However, MAC's middling teams, like Western Michigan, say, now have to pay more to schedule its cupcake games because opponents' ask has gone up, too. For the league's Western Michigans profit margins are razor thin, if non-existent; any increase in the cost of fielding a football team takes it into the red.
Meanwhile, willing opponents from the lower divisions are getting dearer by the season. A few years ago it would have cost an FBC team about $60,000 to get the FCS's Eastern Illinois to take a beating. But the price for humiliation has risen to $350,000. If it keeps on climbing the silly season may be priced out of existence.
On June 3, one of the biggest trials of Muslim immigrants turned would-be jihadists in U.S. history ended with guilty verdicts for four and guilty pleas by six others, but the trial went practically unnoticed by the old media establishment, overshadowed by the terror attack in Orlando and other news.
This isn't the first time that Muslims who were settled in the Minneapolis, Minnesota, area have gone back to Africa or the Middle East — or have tried to go there — to fight for one terrorist outfit or another. If there is one thing the trial highlighted is that Minnesota has a major terrorist problem among its Somali immigrant community. Suspected Muslim terrorists have been pouring out from the Twin Cities region for some time, and this trial of six more Minnesota Muslims who were accused of trying to join ISIS is just the latest example.
“They have spent a great deal of time over the past year trying to get to Syria to fight for ISIL,” U.S. Attorney Andrew Luger said at a press conference in April when the charges were unsealed.
Originally ten local young Muslim men of Somali descent were hit with terror charges, but six of those charged pleaded guilty and waived a trail. Now, the remaining three, Mohamed Abdihamid Farah, 21; Abdurahman Yasin Daud, 21; and Guled Ali Omar, 20, were all found guilty after a three-week trial. A fourth Minnesota Muslim, Abdirahman Bashir, turned state's witness and provided key evidence to convict the three.
The guilty verdicts all carry a possible life sentence.
But according to Scott W. Johnson, writing for City Journal, the atmosphere around the trial needs to be reported on, too, because it seemed from their firsthand experience that the local Muslim community did not blame the convicted jihadis for the charges. Instead, they acted as if these young men were just being persecuted by an out-of-control government intent on sending innocent Muslims to jail.
Johnson described the intense security the government had arranged for the safety of all concerned, yet even with the high level of security, the brother of one of the defendants was caught trying to smuggle six-inch-long scissors into the courtroom. The same man was also seen apparently casing the exits and elevators of the courthouse. Officials eventually banned them from the building until the trial was over.
This young man was not the only person to be banished from the courthouse as authorities had to take that measure with others who showed a desire to disrupt the proceedings.
Johnson also witnessed the hijab-wearing girlfriend of one of the defendants attempting to beat up their boyfriend's mother because they were cooperating with authorities.
But the sentiment of these few disruptors was far from unusual as Johnson found a shocking attitude of suspicion emanating from the whole Somali community.
Perhaps most shocking to me was what utterly ordinary members of the Minnesota Somali community the defendants and their friends appeared to be. So far as I can tell, Somali culture is alien and hostile to the United States. Many among the local Somali community considered the defendants to be persecuted innocents entrapped by the government. It would be unduly charitable to characterize the attitude as willful blindness.
Indeed, last year, a video made the rounds showing Somalis in Minnesota insisting they'd rather live under strict sharia law than under American jurisprudence. And just as bad has been the weak coverage in the old media establishment of the trial and the community that spawned it.
As Johnson notes, much of the coverage has been woefully inadequate with almost none of it focusing on how the Somali community has viewed the proceedings.
With an estimated 100,000 plus Somali immigrants settled in Minnesota, brought there by the federal government, this mentality isn't surprising. And in fact, the government has noticed at least a dozen young Somali men missing from the region over the past decade or so and has even previously arrested several others all suspected of trying to travel to Syria or Africa to join the jihad.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Extremely rare letters about God and religion sent from Albert Einstein to family members are to go on auction on June 11.
U.S.-based company Profiles in History will auction their collection of 25 lots of Einstein based memorabilia. This memorabilia includes (and is not restricted to) handwritten letters from Einstein to their family, with specific emphasis on the letters to their sons and ex-wife Mileva Maric. The CEO of Profiles in History, Joseph Maddalena, released this statement.
“We have amassed an extremely magnificent group of personal and profound handwritten Einstein letters covering a vast amount of subject matter. These letters depict their inner most views, offering intriguing content as only Einstein can, this collection is an embodiment of the physicist life's work.”
Some of the biggest mysteries about the esteemed physicist have regarded their religious beliefs. Although being born into a Jewish family in Germany, one of their most famous quotes contradicts their familial beliefs.
“I am, of course, and have always been an atheist.”
This quote derives from a letter sent to one of their Jesuit correspondents in 1945. Another letter, written by Einstein themselves four years later in 1949, indicated Einstein's disillusionment with atheism and featured their declaration as an agnostic. Both letters are included in the auction and are predicted to be among the most valuable in the collection, with each being valued at $15,000.
As well as the letters regarding Einstein's religion, there is also a letter sent to their ex-wife Mileva Maric questioning the relationship between gravity, relativity, and electricity. There are also letters covering the topics of prewar and postwar Germany, one of which announces their intention to remain in the U.S. following Adolf Hitler's rise to power in 1933. The letter in which Einstein renounced their German citizenship was addressed to their son Hans, and this letter is predicted to fetch around $20,000.
Another letter sent to their son in 1945, following the dropping of the atomic bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima, discusses their innovations in the field of relativity. More specifically, the Special Relativity Theory and its relationship to the Atomic Bomb and their Unified Field Theory. Einstein also included in this letter how they were now too old to believe that they could complete their research. The Tribune reports that this letter has been valued at a whopping $40,000.
The news of this auction comes hot on the heels of the announcement that Albert Einstein will have a memorial museum built in their honor in Jerusalem, funded by the Hebrew University.
[Photo by David Silverman/Getty Images]
January Newsletter Time
Happy 2017!
Dear community members, The Novaquark team wishes you a happy new year! May 2017 be great for you, your families and gaming!
After a short break, we're back and hard at work on our Alpha development goals. We know you're patiently waiting for the latest news and videos and we will have some for you soon, so keep following us, come hang around on the forum and social media and keep spreading the word about Dual Universe!
But enough with the foreword, here's your little roundup on what's up at Novaquark! December Developer Diary At the end of December, we released the first video in our DevDiary series. Our plan is to update the community on our progress each month. You've shown us that you enjoy the video DevDiary format so we'll keep doing them. As always, please continue giving us feedback on our progress and these videos. Click above to watch our first monthly DevDiary episode! NovaWrimo Contest Update Our first writing contest saw 14 eligible entries and we're currently reading them. You guys rock! Besides Novaquark's vote, don't forget there's the community one! You have until January 15, 09:30PM PST to choose your favorite story. See below for all the details:
Info about the contest
Where to find the stories
Where to vote 600K€ Milestone Passed We recently passed the 600K€ milestone on our Crowdfunding Portal! That's about $672,155.94. Thank you very much guys! We need your support to make this happen. We're now heading towards the next stretch goal: Construct vs Construct combat! About the Crowdfunding Portal We've had many questions about the crowdfunding portal and how long it will be available. We felt a little clarification was in order. We don't plan to shut it down for now, as many people asked for it to support us. Current Packs should be available until the end of Q1 or early Q2, but we're still deciding on the exact timing. We'll give you at least two weeks' notice before any major changes.
Remember, the current packs are really cool and generous to thank people who show their trust in us at such an early stage. These packs won't be around forever. So, if you are considering supporting us, don't wait too long! ;) 9,000 YouTube subscribers Milestone What else to say? It's over 9,000! Thanks ❤️ Thank You for Reading! That's all for now.
See you soon on the forums and social media! Join the community , follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Soundcloud.
You can also visit our website and our forum.
The Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales is the Head of the Judiciary of England and Wales and the President of the Courts of England and Wales.
Historically, the officeholder was the second-highest judge of the Courts of England and Wales, after the Lord Chancellor, but became the top judge as a result of the Constitutional Reform Act 2005, which removed the judicial functions from the office of Lord Chancellor, altered the duties of the Lord Chief Justice and changed the relationship between the two offices. The Lord Chief Justice ordinarily serves as President of the Criminal Division of the Court of Appeal and Head of Criminal Justice, but under the 2005 Act can appoint another judge to these positions.
The Lord Chief Justice's equivalent in Scotland is the Lord President of the Court of Session, who also holds the post of Lord Justice-General in the High Court of Justiciary. There is also a Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland, successor to the Lord Chief Justice of Ireland of the pre-Partition era. For the entire United Kingdom judiciary, there is a President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, though that court does not have final jurisdiction over Scottish criminal law.
The current Lord Chief Justice is Lord Burnett of Maldon (Lord Burnett), who assumed the role on 2 October 2017.
History [ edit ]
Originally, each of the three high common law courts, the King's Bench, the Court of Common Pleas, and the Court of the Exchequer, had its own chief justice: the Lord Chief Justice, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and Chief Baron of the Exchequer. The Court of the King's (or Queen's) Bench had existed since 1234. In 1268 its foremost judge was given the title of (lord) chief justice before when one of the justices would be considered the senior judge, and fulfil an analogous role. The three courts became divisions of the High Court in 1875, and following the deaths of the Lord Chief Justice and Lord Chief Baron in 1880, the three were merged into a single division (first held by the last Chief Justice of Common Pleas) creating a single Lord Chief Justice of England.
The suffix "and Wales", now found in statutes and elsewhere, was unilaterally appended by holder Lord Bingham of Cornhill between 1996 and 2000.
Constitutional Reform Act 2005 [ edit ]
The Constitutional Reform Act 2005 (CRA) made the Lord Chief Justice the president of the Courts of England and Wales, vesting the office with many of the powers formerly held by the Lord Chancellor. While the Lord Chief Justice retains the role of President of the Criminal Division of the Court of Appeal, the CRA separated the role of President of the Queen's Bench Division; the changed chief justice role was first held by Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers. The CRA provides that they or they are chosen by a specially appointed committee convened by the Judicial Appointments Commission.
Lord Chief Justices of England, King's (Queen's) Bench, to 1875 [ edit ]
Lord Chief Justices of England (later England and Wales) 1875–present [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
After hiking alone for much of the stretch, the author and photographer enjoy some company (friends Gil and Buckets) on Segment 4 of the Collegiate West subsection of the Colorado Trail. (Clif Reeder/Clif Reeder)
Halfway up the 3,300-foot climb through the muggy forest on the north side of Hope Pass, I was panting, sweat-soaked and pining for a pint.
It seems every tiny mountain town in Colorado is blessed with a great microbrewery and pizza restaurant. The 484-mile Colorado Trail provides several opportunities to hitchhike to a fantastic IPA and a pizza. But my husband, Honeybuns (or "Clif," to nonhikers), and I had just finished our resupply in tiny Twin Lakes and now had several long, beerless days ahead of us.
As they and I paused to catch our breath in a high meadow at tree line before the final ascent, a strange noise behind us set my most primitive survival instincts on edge.
Mountain lion? Bear?
Worse.
"Youths!" I hissed.
We had passed a score of brightly ponchoed summer campers a few miles back, and it sounded like the horde was in hot pursuit. The last thing I wanted, in my rumpled exhaustion, was to small-talk teenagers who seemed buoyant enough to float up the mountain.
From Georgia to Maine: What I learned on a 6-month hike along the Appalachian Trail
Honeybuns laughed gently, further stoking my wrath, and started the final climb. As the chipper chatter came closer, a new fire was lit under me. I struggled after him, hobbling along on my trekking poles like a bandylegged goblin.
I cursed the trail. I cursed myself. I very much cursed the lack of beer.
But at the top, I stopped hard in my tracks.
The world bloomed before me.
Endless dark peaks jutted out of the earth, roadless and wild and spellbinding.
I reeled, trying to see everything all at once. The outcroppings of vegetation dotting the mountains. The breathtaking geometry that governed the rock, leading my eyes between sharp edges of shade and light, swooping down long hollows carved by avalanches.
Gudy's Rest, a beautiful spot overlooking Durango, is devoted to Gudy Gaskill. They have been dubbed “the mother of the Colorado Trail” because they were so influential in its creation. (Clif Reeder/Clif Reeder)
I imagined the tiny pikas who would live on these mountains, the soft seashell curve of their ears. I imagined the wildflowers, plumes of Indian paintbrush, tight clusters of sky pilot, that would be born and wither and die without ever being seen by a human eye.
This was worth the climb. This was worth anything.
This was even better than beer.
A gentle introduction
Having gotten the long-distance-backpacking bug after our six-month "thruhike" (end-to-end, single-year hike) of the Appalachian Trail two years ago, Honeybuns and I were looking for a hike to tide us over until we started a Pacific Crest Trail hike the following spring.
Of the domestic mid-distance trails, the CT attracted us with its fantastic scenery and a promise of a gentle introduction to "Western backpacking."
We had hiked over 2,000 miles on the East Coast, but the relatively developed surroundings of the Appalachian Trail had provided few opportunities to feel truly remote. The Colorado Trail promised much that would be new to us — chances to summit fourteeners (mountains over 14,000 feet), days in the backcountry without easy escapes to civilization, and tougher planning requirements involving food and water.
Most of the thruhikers we met were experiencing their first long-distance trail. Many were teachers or students on summer break. The four-to-six-week time frame, well-maintained trail and wealth of data and guides makes the CT a great choice for those dipping their toes in.
That July evening on Hope Pass, we decided to camp midway down the descent at a dry campsite tucked onto a ledge. The altitude and the wind made for an astonishingly cold night, perhaps in the mid-40s, but we couldn't bring ourselves to leave the view behind just yet.
As I sat boiling sun-dried tomatoes and couscous for dinner, I kept turning my head to watch the sunlight dying on Emerald Peak. I felt like I was being watched back.
The bone-deep astonishment at the mountains did not fade, no matter how many passes we crested as the days wore on. The last moments before peering over the top of a climb — the giddy anticipation — became my favorites on the trail.
There's a bit of an art to hiking at high elevation in Colorado. One wants to camp at a low enough elevation to be warmly ensconced below tree line, but high enough to cross the passes before midafternoon, when the daily thunderstorm rolls in like clockwork.
But for all their thunder and bombast, the mountains felt heartbreakingly fragile. Pine beetles had ravaged several segments of the trail, leaving vast swaths of dead forest. The trunks and lifeless limbs remained, lacy lichens making the trees look like gossamer-draped wraiths from a distance, up close like bones.
Lightning crashes
As we crossed Snow Mesa chewing on granola bars, ominous clouds began to coalesce behind us. We picked up the pace to no avail. In a matter of minutes, our blue-skied, desktop-wallpaper dream had vanished.
The unrelieved gray seemed boundless, unknowable. My mind became unfocused as the dark storm enclosed us in all directions. There was nothing but this storm, this flat plain, this gray, the lightning clacking like falling cleavers on a cutting board.
One safety measure in a lightning storm is to get to lower ground and assume the lightning position: sitting on your pack, feet off the ground, crouched down.
We paused to assess the situation. My poncho was plastered against my skin, as useful as a soggy leaf. My legs trembled. Hypothermia seemed even more imminent than a lightning strike. We decided to keep going and try to find a way to lower elevation.
"We should spread out!" Honeybuns shouted over the storm. They were right — hiking next to one another only increased our lightning risk. But as I watched them hurry ahead, I felt anything but relieved.
I hoarsely sang Britney Spears songs to myself as we hurried on, my voice keening feebly against the roar of rain and wind, knees shaking, hands aching with cold. "As long as you're singing," I told myself, "you're not dead."
When I ran out of Britney songs, I started on show tunes. When I ran out of show tunes, I started on hymns. When I ran out of hymns, I started back on Britney.
Finally, I watched Honeybuns disappear over the edge of the horizon as the trail finally descended. I struggled after him, awash with relief as the torrent slackened to a cold drizzle. I was frantic to get to the nearby road crossing where we could hitch to town and warm up.
Combined Continental Divide Trail and Colorado Trail markers. If you take the Collegiate West, these two trails overlap for more than 300 miles. (Clif Reeder/Clif Reeder)
But Honeybuns stopped suddenly and pointed off with one trekking pole.
Flashes of white caught my eye. A herd of dozens of female and juvenile elk were winding their way through the trees before us, moving up toward a ridge.
The trail had provided many animal encounters. I had cooed over the bell-bottomed ptarmigans and chirruped at the pikas and whistled at the marmots. But seeing this huge group of huge animals was stunning and humbling.
The elk leader struggled to find a path to the top, trying this route and that before sliding down the slippery scree. They kept looking over their shoulder at their fellow elk. I don't know if elk are capable of embarrassment, but they did seem a bit sheepish after each failed attempt.
We stood, transfixed, rain pooling in our shoes. Finally, the leader managed to scramble up and over the ridge. The rest of the herd followed, some of the juveniles slipping before gamely plowing on.
Off to their side, the two shivering humans held no absolutely interest to the elk. They had their own dramas and concerns.
Honeybuns and I stumbled down to the road crossing soaked, exhausted and in awe.
A world of color
Mornings were my favorite time of day. We rose just before dawn to a gray-and-black world, and would watch the color pour into the trees as we ate cinnamon oatmeal and took down our tarp. My favorite places to camp were among the aspen groves. In the early morning, silhouetted against the sky, the shimmering leaves looked like glitter.
But nights were worth remembering, too.
At high elevation and away from towns, the night sky comes alive with stars. (Clif Reeder/Clif Reeder)
On one of our last nights on trail, we were camped on a high ridge with a section-hiker friend.
We were all due to recommence our lives off-trail. Honeybuns and I had jobs and friends and family and a cat waiting for us. But our month on the trail just didn't seem like enough. Not yet.
As the setting sun shifted from electric oranges to honey pinks, we stopped doing our chores and walked out to the closest exposed switchback to watch. Honeybuns and I stood side by side, admiring the spires of the distant mountains, watching the light as it drifted and shifted and changed color.
I wanted to build a house around myself right there. I wanted my feet to turn to roots, to hold me there forever, where every sunset would be just a little bit different.
It seemed like a decent way to spend a life.
Ghaman is a writer in based in the District. Them website is Allieghaman.com. Find them on Twitter: @AllieG.
More from Travel:
Seeking refuge in the wild: Hiking in Chilean Patagonia
Hillwalking from sea to sea across Scotland
A traveler tests their limits on a hiking trip along the French Riviera
More users around the world are accessing the internet from mobile devices than from desktop computers for the first time, according to internet monitoring firm StatCounter. The combined traffic from mobile and tablet devices tipped the balance at 51.2 percent, vs. 48.7 percent for desktop access, marking the first time this has happened since StatCounter began tracking stats for internet usage.
It's a huge moment for the web overall: this means going forward, companies that haven't yet decided to focus on a mobile-first approach to their internet services and web properties really should, as the trend line is unlikely to reverse.
StatCounter also found that the maturity of the market impacts which is the dominant means of access, and as you might have guessed, mobile platforms are far and away the method of choice for internet access when it comes to emerging markets like India, where they account for 75 percent of use. More mature markets including the UK, the US and Ireland still see use swinging in favor of desktop, but the trend is still showing a narrowing gap.
This is not surprising news, given other recent milestones. In April last year, for instance, comScore found that the number of internet users who employ mobile platforms exclusively has surpassed those who only connect via desktop in the US (this doesn't consider users who access via both methods). And Google revealed that more searches through its engine are being conducted via mobile platforms than on desktop as of last May.
This may have been a long time coming, but it's still astounding how many major brands (including possibly our own) favor the desktop first and prioritize mobile web second. Maybe now that this tipping point has been achieved, that will start to change a lot faster.
Let's face it: The promise of "PaaS" (Platform as a Service) -- easily deploying your application to a whole stack living up there in the cloud -- is pretty cool shit. Back in January (ages ago in Internet time), I kicked the tires of DotCloud and, after a whole three minutes, announced to the world "this is just too easy." No wonder they just raised a cool ten million.
Yet, still, there is not one PaaS solution for Perl today.
So, what gives?
Well, when I asked the DotCloud folks back in January, they indicated that Perl support is on their road map, but that they didn't have a sense of what the most common use cases for deployment are in the Perl community, for example CGI, FastCGI, etc.
When I pointed the helpful gent who responded to my inquiry toward Plack (Perl's answer to Ruby's Rack, or Python's WSGI), they seemed to think that it could facilitate "a swift integration into our web stacks." Phew! One issue down.
The next question was about "worker scripts." Specifically, how the DotCloud system could take a "dependency file" (like a Gemfile for Ruby, or pip-style requirements.txt for Python) and "some code" (an installation script) that could be run to automatically install module dependencies and start-up a daemon or service. I must admit some confusion about this question -- I kept asking myself, is this not what a Makefile and things like Module::ScanDeps are for? Isn't this exactly what projects like cpanm are meant to do, i.e., ease the installation of Perl modules? This must be a solvable (if not solved) problem.
My guess is that I'm not not understanding the requirement clearly, and I'm hoping that the wisdom of the Perl community can weigh in with some suggestions and recommendations for me, our friends at dotCloud, and, well, anyone else that might be thinking about Perl in the cloud.
Needless to say, as PaaS start-ups get bought up faster than umbrellas on a rainy day in downtown Manhattan, my attention keeps turning back toward projects like Oyster, the North West England Perl Mongers initiative to create a Heroku specifically for Perl Web apps. Not only is a project like Oyster attractive for the practical benefits to (the rather large number of) Perl developers, but also as something that has potentially to not get instantly bought-up by Salesforce, Redhat, or Rackspace.
In fact, given how hot PaaS is, I can't help but wonder why some enterprising Perler hasn't gotten an offering off the ground yet? Or, perhaps more in the Perl spirit, why some group or individual hasn't offered to run it pseudo-voluntarily for the Perl community, like CPAN, PAUSE, or the Perl.org site itself. (Better idea: run it as a paid service and contribute the surplus to the The Perl Foundation, or Enlightened Perl Organization.)
Here's to hoping that $10,000,000.00 can push Perl into DotCloud's PaaS cloud offering, or that some whip-smart folks here in the Perl community can finally 'git push' Perl into the clouds. (And, while we're pushing, let's push for a Perl port of the excellent, open-source, libcloud project.)
UPDATE: A comment points out that Phenona might be attacking this challenge. Will look forward to hearing from folks who've tried it.
UPDATE 2: Jérôme from DotCloud says "It's still pretty hard to give out a straight ETA, but Perl will be soon on DotCloud, you can rely on it."
The creator of Downton Abbey has been chatting further about what fans should expect from the long-awaited movie.
A big screen version of the period drama is likely to begin filming in 2017.
Writer Julian Fellowes told Yahoo: “Most movies you essentially make as a punt, because you don't know if there's an audience for it. With Downton, I know there is an audience, so it makes sense to make it.”
They also reassured fans that the rumours of the movie being a prequel or a reboot with a new cast are untrue: “It's got to be a continuation that's near enough in time to the series that the same cast could play their roles.”
The final episode of Downton Abbey aired last Christmas on ITV.
Buy the complete Season 1-6 box set on Amazon here.
Fellowes revealed recently that “most of the cast are up for [the movie].”
Dame Maggie Smith has reportedly signed on to return as Violet Crawley, Dowager Countess of Grantham, and Michelle Dockery, who played Lady Mary, revealed earlier this year that they would “wholeheartedly consider” appearing. Joanne Froggatt (Anna Bates) has said they are “98% per cent sure it will happen” and Laura Carmichael (Lady Edith) is also keen to return.
What do you want to see in the Downton Abbey movie? Let us know below…
ATLANTA — A federal judge on Monday rejected a Georgia inmate's argument that their execution, scheduled for Tuesday evening, should be stayed because the state had refused to disclose details about the drug to be used in their lethal injection.
Marcus Wellons, 58, was sentenced to death in the 1989 rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl. Absent a court order issuing a reprieve, they will be the first person executed in the United States since the botched lethal injection in Oklahoma of Clayton D. Lockett on April 29.
The execution of Mr. Lockett, who writhed in apparent agony when they were supposed to be unconscious, raised new concerns about states' lethal injection protocols, the drugs used and new laws in some states, including Oklahoma and Georgia, that keep details about those drugs secret.
The Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles denied Mr. Wellons's clemency request Monday afternoon. Later, Judge Timothy C. Batten Sr. of Federal District Court in Atlanta denied Mr. Wellons's request for a stay of execution.
Cross Grid Graph Paper PDF Generator Check out our many other free graph/grid paper styles Horizontal Length: % Vertical Length: % Line Thickness: points
lines per inch lines per cm Color: Hex # Letter 8.5" x 11" 8.5" x 11" A4 11" x 17" A3 x cm inches Margin: cm inches
Bullet Journaling
Common spacing for most bullet journals is 5mm. Standard colors are 70% Medium Grey, Graph Blue, and Fade - a very light sepia designed to be invisible almost all the time. It can be a challenge in low-light situations.
5mm 10 percent Graph Blue 8.5" x 11"
5mm Spacing
Line Length 10%
Graph Blue
5mm 10 percent Grey 8.5" x 11"
5mm Spacing
Line Length 10%
Very light grey
5mm 10 percent Fade 8.5" x 11"
5mm Spacing
Line Length 10%
Almost invisible
5mm 20 percent Graph Blue 8.5" x 11"
5mm Spacing
Line Length 20%
Graph Blue
5mm 20 percent Grey 8.5" x 11"
5mm Spacing
Line Length 20%
Grey
5mm 20 percent Fade 8.5" x 11"
5mm Spacing
Line Length 20%
Almost Invisible
Bullet Journaling: Alternate Sizes
5mm is the commonly accepted standard. But not everyone is standard! You want more? You want less? You got it.
Other Pregenerated PDF Files
Here is a handy smattering of the things this generator does. Of particular note are the measured lined papers. May you behold their glory and surprising usefulness!
Vertical Lines - Green 8.5" x 11"
5 Lines per inch
X Length 0%
Y Length 100%
Lined Writing Paper w/ Ticks 8.5" x 11"
5 Lines per inch
X Length 100%
Y Length 0%
1 inch Asymmetrical 8.5" x 11"
5 Lines per inch
X Length 100%
Y Length 0%
5 Marks per inch 8.5" x 11"
5 Lines per inch
X Length 20%
Y Length 20%
Marks every 1/2" 8.5" x 11"
2 Lines per inch
X Length 20%
Y Length 20%
Dense Red 8.5" x 11"
10 Lines per inch
X Length 20%
Y Length 20%
Writing w/ Blue Ticks 8.5" x 11"
5 Lines per inch
X Length 100%
Y Length 0%
Dramatic video released from Troup County Sheriff's Office shows a shootout between a deputy and a suspect in Troup County. The shooting happened Monday afternoon as the deputy was performing a welfare check at the suspect's home on Jackson Street. Officers said the man's father had called in a report that their adult son was in the midst of a mental health episode. Deputy Michael Hockett's dash camera was running as they responded to the scene. In the video, Hockett is heard yelling at the suspect, “Drop the gun now!” Moments later he's seen running away as the armed suspect chases him. Hockett jumps a fence and the suspect begins firing at him. Hockett returns fire, hitting the suspect in the shoulder. Hockett was also hit in their forehead, elbow and waist by pellets from a shotgun blast during the shootout. Both Hockett and Edmondson survived. Posted By Persist
Canadian scientists have discovered how to turn a simple blood sample from a man or woman into a variety of nerve cells, including those that are responsible for pain, numbness and other sensations.
The technology will allow researchers to test potential drugs for treating pain using the nerve cells in a lab, all based on an individual patient's own genetic signature, said Mick Bhatia, who led the team of researchers at McMaster University in Hamilton.
"Now we can take easy to obtain blood samples and make the main cell types of neurological systems — the central nervous system and the peripheral nervous system — in a dish that is specialized for each patient," said Bhatia, director of McMaster's Stem Cell and Cancer Research Institute.
"Nobody has ever done this with adult blood, ever."
'You wouldn't give a brain biopsy'
Up until now, there has been no good way to get access to human neural cells to test or study, Bhatia told CBC News.
"You wouldn't give a brain biopsy," they said.
A microscope image shows neurons (stained in order to be visible) derived from blood using the new method. (McMaster University)
While researchers can buy certain kinds of rat neural cell lines, they don't consistently respond the way human neural cells do.
The new technique involves extracting stem cells from blood — ones that normally have the potential to become red blood cells or various kinds of white blood cells involved in fighting off pathogens. The blood stem cells are converted over about a month into neural stem cells using a patented technique. Those can survive for several months in a petri dish.
These neural stem cells are then manipulated in the lab to give rise to several types of nerve cells, including those that make up the peripheral nervous system throughout the arms, legs and the rest of the body.
Nobody has ever done this with adult blood, ever. - Mick Bhatia, McMaster University
"We can actually take a patient's blood sample, as routinely performed in a doctor's office, and with it we can produce one million sensory neurons," said Bhatia. "We can also make central nervous system cells."
The researchers hope to discover new pain drugs that take aim only at the peripheral nerve system, while not affecting the brain and the rest of the central nervous system, as standard opioids and narcotics do.
"You don't want to feel sleepy or unaware, you just want your pain to go away," said Bhatia.
"But up until now, no one's had the ability and required technology to actually test different drugs to find something that targets the peripheral nervous system and not the central nervous system in a patient-specific or personalized manner."
Other benefits
Their lab hopes to further develop the blood-generated neural stem cells into motor and other kinds of neurons that could conceivably one day be transplanted into patients to restore healthy brain cells as a treatment for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's or Lou Gehrig's disease, for instance.
The technology could also be used to produce retinal nerve cells to treat people who are losing their sight due to age-related macular degeneration, they said.
The research was published Thursday in the journal Cell Reports.
Bhatia and their team started work on the project after successfully converting skin cells into blood a few years ago, showing that one cell type could be turned into another. They thought what would be most useful would be to be able to make other kinds of cells from blood — a type of tissue that can be easily and harmlessly drawn from someone with minimal effects, that regenerates quickly, and is easily frozen and stored.
They decided to turn blood cells into neural cells because those are normally hard to gain access to.
NASA's twin Voyager space probes launched 40 years ago.
A gold-plated record and cover that NASA attached to Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 contains sounds, pictures, and text from Earth in case aliens ever find the spacecraft.
The golden records are designed to keep their data intact for a billion years — longer than humanity will likely exist. About 1 billion years from now, the sun will begin to boil Earth's oceans, then later blow off its outer atmosphere and engulf our tiny planet in hot plasma. Luckily, the galaxy will have NASA's twin Voyager spacecraft to remember us by. The two nuclear-powered probes launched 40 years ago and became the first and only robots to take close-up photographs of Uranus and Neptune, the planets' moons and rings, and other objects in the outer solar system. The Voyagers also carried with them a golden record of sounds, images, and other information about life on Earth — a basic human catalog that aliens might one day discover and decode. The mission is now detailed in a remarkable PBS documentary called "The Farthest", which premiered on August 23 and will re-air on September 13 at 10 p.m. ET. "Fifty years from now, Voyager will be the science project of the 20th century," Brad Smith, a Voyager imaging scientist, said in the movie. Here's why many scientists and engineers not only hail Voyager as the farthest, fastest, and longest-lived space mission, but also one of humanity's greatest endeavors. Slides View As: One Page
NASA began working on the Voyager mission in 1972 with a budget of $865 million, or roughly $5 billion in 2017-adjusted dollars. Source: NASA/JPL-Caltech, Bureau of Labor Statistics
The goal was to tour the outer solar system using a planetary alignment that happens just once every 176 years. The gravity of the planets would speed up the spacecraft, allowing at least one probe to visit Uranus and Neptune for the first time.
Source: "The Farthest"/PBS
NASA worried that Jupiter's radiation fields might short-circuit the Voyagers. So engineers shielded and grounded cables of the probes with kitchen-grade aluminum foil. (It worked.) Source: "The Farthest"/PBS
Voyager 2 launched into space on August 20, 1977. To the confusion of many people, Voyager 1 launched several weeks later, on September 5, 1977.
But as scientists featured in "The Farthest" explain, they were thinking long-term: Voyager 1 would move faster and eventually overtake Voyager 2.
Source: "The Farthest"/PBS
Both launches left scientists' nerves frayed. For example, unforeseen rocket vibrations made Voyager 2's computer go on the fritz and didn't let people control it for days. Fortunately, a remote software patch fixed the problem. "That was a cliffhanger," Fred Locatell, an engineer on the Voyager mission, said in the film. "That could have been the end of the mission." Source: "The Farthest"/PBS
Meanwhile, Voyager 1's liquid-fueled rocket sprung a leak during launch. The rocket corrected for this by burning extra fuel — leaving just 3.5 seconds' worth of thrust.
Had the rocket leaked any more fuel than it did, Voyager 1 could have failed. "Instead of getting to Jupiter, you know, we would have gotten almost to Jupiter — then it would have come back toward the sun. Which would not have been good," John Casani, the mission's project manager, said in the film. Source: "The Farthest"/PBS
Both Voyagers explored Jupiter, catching a speed boost along the way. Before the probes, no one had ever seen such detailed images of Jupiter...
...Or those of the gas giant's many moons, including Europa. This ice world hides a subsurface ocean that's estimated to contain more water than exists on all of Earth. Source: Business Insider
Both probes also took extraordinarily detailed photos of Saturn...
...And its moons, such as Titan. Many scientists think of this world as a "proto-Earth" due to its similar size, hazy atmosphere, and abundance of carbon.
Voyager 2 was the first and so far only robot to fly by and photograph Uranus. It discovered the planet is inexplicably tipped on its side...
...Has dozens of moons...
...And has rings of ice and dust.
Voyager 2 is still the only probe ever to fly by the outermost planet, Neptune...
...See the gas giant's enormous Dark Spot storm...
Source: "The Farthest"/PBS
...And photograph its large and icy moon Triton, which was caught spewing geysers of nitrogen from its surface.
Although both probes finished their main missions decades ago, they've moved beyond the arguable edge of the solar system — and into a region between stars.
They Voyagers still work more than 40 years after launch because they're powered by plutonium-238 — a radioactive byproduct of Cold War nuclear weapons production.
Special materials surround the plutonium to convert its escaping heat into electricity. Each Voyager has three nuclear power supplies, and together they generated 420 watts at launch — about half the power of a microwave oven.
Because half of any amount of plutonium-238 decays in 87.7 years, these radioisotope power sources now generate about three-quarters of that wattage.
Even after these nuclear batteries die, however, the probes will continue carrying golden records loaded up with the sights and sounds of Earth.
The cover to each record includes careful instructions on how to use a stylus to read the data. These directions aren't in English, though, but rather in mathematical terms an intelligent alien might understand.
"This, in the long run, may be the only evidence that we ever existed," Frank Drake, who worked on the golden record project (and also came up with the Drake Equation), said in the film.
With 75 percent of its country comprised of desert, it's not easy for Tunisia to grow food. But the Sahara Forest Project aims to change that with a $30 million facility funded by the Norwegian Foreign Ministry. Building on their first projects in Qatar and Jordan, the group will use solar energy and desalination technology to sprout food in the Sahara Desert.
The Tunisian government has given theSahara Forest Project its blessing to build the facility, which will cover 10 hectares and is slated to open in 2018. It is expected to equal the success of the pilot in Qatar, which produced vegetables at “a comparable rate to European farms.”
So how do they accomplish what was once thought impossible, or at least improbable? By integrating solar power and desalination technology. Seawater is used to cool and humidify the facility, and the extracted salt will be sold commercially. The desalinated water will be used to irrigate the plants and can even be used for drinking. Concentrated solar power, which utilizes mirrors to generate heat for a steam turbine, produces the electricity necessary to power the seawater greenhouse, both purifying the water and pumping it through the space. Together, these two technologies will ensure food can be grown throughout the year.
Related: Sahara Forest Project Converts Desert Into Oasis
The project will help Tunisia achieve its goal of utilizing more renewable energy. In 2015, the country's power was generated using only 1 percent renewable energy, but they pledged to raise that number to 30 percent by 2030. The Tunisian government, the only relatively stable democracy in the Middle East and North Africa region after the uprisings of the Arab Spring, has been very open to the Sahara Forest Project as they seek ways to mitigate climate change.
Not only will the Tunisia facility develop agriculture and renewable technology in an arid climate, it will also employ hundreds of people – from farmers to high-skilled positions operating the technology. The UN's sustainable development efforts include fighting desertification, and the Sahara Forest Project aims to expand to impact as many desert countries as possible. Another facility is currently being built in Jordan, and the group has plans to eventually build a plant somewhere in the Middle East that would produce 170,000 tons of food every year.
Via CNN
Images via the Sahara Forest Project Facebook
Mercedes-Benz's current E-Class has been on sale since the 2010 model year, and for 2014 it was given a major update. In Mercedes tradition, we'll see the next generation of the luxurious mid-size sedan introduced for the 2017 model year. We now have more spy shots that show some prototypes for the new E-Class with barely any camouflage gear. It's looking very handsome and, as expected, it's also looking much like the C- and S-Class models it sits between.
The new E-Class rides on Mercedes' modular MRA platform, which debuted in the C-Class and has since made its way into the new GLC small SUV. This means the new E-Class will be lighter, more rigid and more efficient than the current one; the MRA platform makes extensive use of lightweight materials such as aluminum and can also accept alternative powertrains. Autonomous driving technology is also a key element of the MRA platform. Autonomous systems more advanced than anything we've seen yet on a production car will feature in the new E-Class, one of which will be a cool remote parking system.
The new E-Class will also benefit from a nine-speed automatic transmission, which has already been made available on some Mercedes models. We've also heard that a straight-six engine will be offered. This will be a modular design, allowing it to share components and production lines with smaller four- and three-cylinder units also in the works. A similar strategy has already been employed by BMW. There will also be a high-performance E63 from Mercedes-AMG, which has also been spied. It will adopt the tuner's twin-turbocharged 4.0-liter V-8 and have an output close to 600 horsepower.
2017 Mercedes-Benz E-Class spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien
Some shots of the interior reveal an upmarket design very similar to the one in the latest S-Class. There's a digital screen sitting at the top of the center stack and four round air vents below it. Like in the S-Class, the digital screen probably flows into the car's main instrument cluster.
Though yet to be confirmed, though it's looking likely given the length of this prototype, the new E-Class will have a longer wheelbase than the current one. The car is also expected to once again come in five different bodystyles: sedan, long-wheelbase sedan (possibly as a Mercedes-Maybach variant), wagon, coupe and convertible. With the latest C-Class spawning new coupe and convertible variants, designers are said to be making two-door E-Class variants much more premium than the current offerings. They should be larger and fitted with better materials, too. A third generation of the CLS is also planned; like the previous two, the new CLS will essentially be a four-door coupe version of the new E-Class.
A world debut for the 2017 Mercedes-Benz E-Class is expected to take place at the 2016 Detroit Auto Show next month. Stay tuned for updates as development continues.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook and Twitter.
O.S. University joins Crowdholding
Crowdholding Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 14, 2017
Open Source University (O.S. university) is creating the first global higher education and professional development platform and we are happy to announce that they have joined the Crowdholding platform.
Based on the Ethereum blockchain system, O.S university aims to revolutionise the higher education system by providing:-
A distributed database that enables Academia, learners, and businesses to record and verify educational and professional development credentials. This in turn will enable businesses to locate suitably qualified learners.
A global marketplace upon which high quality academic and L&D offerings will be made available, bought and sold with our EDU Token that will enable transactions and will be traded on cryptocurrency exchanges.
Starting with the integration of 700 of world's top universities and 60+ million MOOC learners, their blockchain-based platform will introduce the concept of the ‘'Distributed University'' — one that enables transferability of knowledge & skills throughout institutional and national borders, reduces operational costs and opens up the access to high quality education and career development opportunities to hundreds of millions.
Currently they are holding an ICO and you can find out more here.
We are delighted to have such a revolutionary startup on our platform that could help people with education.
You can keep up to date with what is happening at Crowdholding by following us on Facebook, or talk with us on telegram.
WINNIPEG – If Alex Edler feels like the walls are closing in on him, it's because he's spending far too much time in the penalty box these days. Since returning from a knee injury on Nov. 9 in Anaheim, the veteran Vancouver Canucks defenseman leads the NHL in minor penalties taken.
In those 15 games, Edler has made 11 separate trips to the penalty box highlighted – or perhaps low-lighted – by the three minors they took in the same game against the Philadelphia Flyers last week. On the season, Edler leads the Canucks with a dozen minor penalties which has them tied for ninth in the league, but he's the only player in the top-10 to play fewer than 24 games. Edler has amassed their penalties in just 18 games this season.
Their rap sheet includes five slashing penalties, two each for hooking and tripping and solo infractions for boarding, high sticking and interference. And the only thing saving them from a 13th minor penalty – which would put them in the top five in the league – is the fact that the 31-year-old was whistled for a penalty shot for hooking Chris Tierney in San Jose on Nov. 11 and that doesn't count toward their season total.
To better put their troubles in perspective, in the 15 games since being hurt, Edler has taken as many minors as the three other defencemen to suit up for every one of those games combined. Michael Del Zotto and Ben Hutton have each been sent to the penalty box five times while Derrick Pouliot has only been flagged for one foul.
With the Canucks facing life without two of their three leading scorers now that Sven Baertschi (face) has joined Bo Horvat (ankle) on the injured list, the Canucks will need to find a way to play effective, low-event hockey. Repeatedly putting opponents on the power play hardly meets that description. Head coach Travis Green is a stickler for details repeatedly cautioning that their team simply isn't skilled enough to get by without anything less than its best effort.
Edler is either ignoring the coach's message or having a difficult time adjusting to the increasing speed of the league and the tighter standards being enforced by officials when it comes to stick fouls. Ten of their 12 penalties so far this season fall in the stick foul category (slashing, hooking, tripping and high-sticking).
Saturday night in Calgary, the troubling trend continued as Edler tripped up Flames forward Sean Monahan moments after the Canucks got out to an early lead. The Canucks managed to kill off the penalty, but it put immediate pressure on a penalty killing unit missing its top two centres in Horvat and Brandon Sutter.
Again, the Canucks need everyone to do their part and that includes Edler finding a way to stay out of the penalty box. Others manage to do it and Edler has to find a way to adapt. Compare Edler's penchant for penalties to teammate and frequent defense partner Chris Tanev who needs a map to find the penalty box in most rinks. Over the past six seasons, the two have played essentially the same number of games (Edler 320 and Tanev 317) and usually against the same top calibre opponents. So it's an apples to apples comparison. Over that time, Edler has taken a mind-boggling 91 more minor penalties than Tanev who continues to demonstrate an ability to defend at the highest level in today's NHL without committing punishable offences. Since the start of the 2012-13 season, Edler has been whistled for 119 minors while Tanev has taken just 28.
The Canucks need Edler to change their ways immediately. On Monday night, they face Patrik Laine and the high-flying Winnipeg Jets. The feared Finn leads the NHL in power play goals this season with nine, so discipline simply must be top of mind for the Canucks. As a veteran and a team-leader who sometimes serves as an alternate captain, Edler has to curb their bad habits. It's not fair to their teammates to constantly having them stare down the barrel of loaded opposition power plays.
There are better, more modern ways to defend than to hack, whack and chop at opponents. The game is changing. Alex Edler needs to find a way to change along with it.
"Banana Man" Charges Lowered Video
- GRAND JUNCTION, Colo. - The man who was arrested for allegedly pointing a banana at two mesa county sheriff's deputies will be facing lesser charges than first anticipated.
27-year-old Nathen Channing could have been charged with two counts of felony menacing. However, the District Attorney announced Tuesday they will only be pursuing one misdemeanor offense for Obstructing a Peace Officer in relation to an incident where deputies mistook Channing's piece of fruit for a live weapon.
“I decided while Mr. Channings conduct was felony stupid, it didn't really deserve a felony charge, so we have filed one count of a misdemeanor obstructing a police officer, I think that's what fits best with their incredibly dumb conduct,” said Mesa County District Attorney Pete Hautzinger.
Hautzinger says they believe the man pointed the banana like a gun at law enforcement because they were making a "YouTube video"
Channing is now out on bond. Their next court appearance will be December 17.
4.21 PTS Datamining:
This post is now finished. Follow @SmiteDatamining for up to date news Remember Post is also added to Reddit, I use it as main comment source! – Link to Reddit Post
Smite Board – 3D Models & Voice Packs
Smite Board is a 3D Models & Voicepacks database site. It features also a VGS Simulaltor so you can hear voice packs.
Some 3D Models are animated.
Changelog
Added 4.20 Datamining data
Added New Skins
New Skins
Agni (Skin 9)
Ares (Skin 8)
Geb (Skin 5)
Ra (Skin 9) – Space Station Esports
Scylla (Skin 8)
Skadi (Skin 6) – Elemental
New skins but known for Odyssey Hachiman (Skin 2) – Oni Musha Medusa Nike (Skin 4) Serqet (Skin 7) – Kunoichi Vulcan (Skin 7) 2018 Odyssey Skins, you can read the list and names clicking here.
Test Snake
There's a Test Snake “God”. Not sure if it's going to be after Nidhogg or just some old code around.
It may be for Medusa's new skin from Odyssey, which seems to be a snake.
Nidhogg
Nidhogg is coming after Cerberus. He's a DRAGON!
The new adventure is related to Niflheim which matches with the release of Nidhogg. That leads us to think a) Cerberus is delayed after Nidhogg or b) Nidhogg is released once the adventure ends, matching the lore or whatever they want to do or c) Adventure is delayed enough to match Nidhogg release in about 6 patches?
They were mentioned in files as GOD_Nidhogg, for example the Hydra wasn't so that's why I added them as a playable character.
We'll know more in the next patches tho.
Cerberus
There's no introduction needed for Cerberus, just OMG!
Main Info 3 Headed Left, Mid and Right.
Baisc Attack Chained melee attack Auto Attack Situational May steal Healing or affect healing Damage increase with ability 1
Passive Aura Cerberus Soul – Kill on Touch Phy & Mag protection steal
Skill #1 – Terrifying Visage Projectile Damage increase on their basic attack # times hit the target Activates special attack on head 1, 2 or 3 The special attack has timer 270º Angle, it may change?
Skill #2 – Ghastly Breath Cone skill It counts how many you hit, works with passive (Stacks) 2 Hits and 3 Hits, it should apply Added % Damage depending on if you hit 1, 2 or 3 times. Personal Opinion, not as dataminer as i can't confirm – I think the 1,2,3 Hits may be related to how many heads hit with this skill? It could mean cerberus model has the 3 heads.
Skill #3 – Death Rattle Can be canceled Heal Count Head buff
Skill #4 – Soul Rend Works with passive (Stacks) Cone attack Knock Up works with the stacks 25 range attack cone
2018 Odyssey
Season 5
Season 5 is around the corner, we have confirmed Hi-Rez is working in a new map which seems to be full Greek themed. New Titans featuring Cronus and Themis will get into the game while also a few old creatures come back to smite (Minotaur, Manticore) while some new arrive for the first time.
Map Greek Conquest
Titans Chaos Side – Cronus Order Side – Themis Cronus Club Shell
Buildings New Chaos & Order Towers Big & Small projectile from towers
Buffs / Camps Centaur – Speed Buff Chimera – Purple Buff Stayr – Speed & MP5 Fire Giant – Description Below Fire Giant S5 – Flames of Ragnarok Manticore – Red Buff
Minions Archer Brute Swordsman
Creatures which also appear but has no description or we already know what they do. Fire Oracle -> Betrayer Oracle Fury Betrayer Magic (Root at players?) You deal 15% less damage and receive 40% less healing
Developed information about what's above
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Several mayors of cities across the Carolinas have signed onto a brief to the U.S. Supreme Court, as it prepares to take up arguments on marriage equality in April.
The brief was submitted by Freedom to Marry's Mayors for the Freedom to Marry Coalition. The brief was signed by 226 individually named mayors, in addition to 40 cities across the country.
- - - advertisement - - -
Los Angeles' city attorney authored the brief, to be filed at the Supreme Court today.
“Municipalities, as the level of government most closely connected to the community they serve, bear a great burden when a target sector of their populace is denied the right to marry,” the brief reads in part. “When the freedom to marry is denied, municipalities are the first level of government to suffer the impact.”
- - - advertisement - - -
Carolinas mayors signing onto the brief include: Durham's William Bell, Chapel Hill's Mark Kleinschmidt, Carrboro's Lydia Lavelle, Asheville's Esther Manheimer, Creedmoor's Darryl Moss, Hillsborough's Tom Stevens and Sarah Sherwood, mayor of Abbeville, S.C.
Additionally, the towns of Carrboro and Chapel Hill also signed the brief.
133 SHARES Facebook Twitter
- - - advertisement - - -
Posted by Matt Comer is a staff writer for QNotes. They previously served as editor from October 2007 through August 2015.
writer: Steve Mollman source: qz.com
What will Disneyland with Chinese characteristics look like? Potentially bleak and gray, thanks to the air pollution that plagues Shanghai, where mainland China's first Disneyland is slated to open in the first half of next year. That could make a day at the park not so picture-perfect, which will be bad publicity for both Disney and China.
In 2011, the construction site of the future Shanghai Disneyland. (Reuters/Stringer)
Not to fear. Authorities plan to move or close down more than 150 factories to clear the air.
Though Beijing gets more attention for its foul air, Shanghai has experienced days of off-the-chart pollution levels in recent years. Air pollution causes nearly one in five deaths in China—and over 4,000 per day—according to Berkeley Earth, a nonprofit that studies climate change and related issues. A Chinese documentary about the problem was banned by authorities after it started to become a viral sensation. Even two years ago observers were wondering if the upcoming park was destined to be Disney's most polluted.
Authorities have not yet released the names of the affected companies, but many of them have been ordered to cease operations in the area by the end of next year. A government web page describes them as high-pollution, high-energy-consumption, low-efficiency operations. Firms involved in textiles, chemicals, and steel production are among them.
The upcoming “industrial relocation” might have happened even without Disneyland's presence, according to regional analyst Liu Xinwei. But it would certainly be hard to convince visitors that they were in the Magic Kingdom when all they could see was gray.
Last week I covered the pitchers not on the Rays 40-man roster who the team has decided to invite to spring training. In the past, the Rays have stumbled on some players who have provided the team with some quality seasons. Probably the most noteworthy is Carlos Pena, who didn't break camp with the club, but was able to be up a few days later and enshrine themselves in Rays lore.
Will any of this year's invitees have the good same fortune? Most likely not, but there's always the possibility of the Rays catching lightning in a bottle. So, let's take a look at who will be joining the club in Port Charlotte.
Jaff Decker
Signed in January to a minor league deal, Decker was once one of the Padres' top prospects. However, in limited appearances, their minor league numbers so far have not translated to success in the majors. Of all these invites, they are the most likely to reach the majors at some point this year, but as it stands he'll likely start the year in the outfield for the Bulls.
Jake DePew
They spent the 2015 season splitting the catching duties in Double-A with Justin O'Conner. They appear to be a defense-first player as they have struggled at the plate throughout their six years in professional baseball, slashing .217/.291/.276 with just seven homers over 272 games. He's in camp to serve as depth, and will likely start the year in Montgomery as O'Conner and Maile will be in Durham.
Patrick Leonard
One of the throw-ins in the James Shields trade, Leonard hasn't quite shown the power that was expected of them since their acquisition, but they have put up a couple of solid seasons the past two years (120 wRC+) between Charlotte and Montgomery. In 2016, Leonard will likely see time at both third and first with Durham but may need to further establish himself, as the pipeline is rapidly producing prospects at their position.
Juniel Querecuto
They split the 2015 season between three levels and even made the jump to Durham, even if they did just play four games for the Bulls. An excellent contact hitter, they have struggled at times making an immediate jump to the upper levels. They struggled in Montgomery and will likely spend another year there, barring a major improvement.
Daniel Robertson
The former Oakland top prospect got off to a slow start last year, but turned it around splendidly before they suffered an injury that cost them most of the season. Now, with 2016 upon on us and a crowded middle infield situation in the majors and Triple-A, Robertson may start the year back with Montgomery. However, I don't expect them to stay there long.
Kyle Roller
Bradley already covered Roller in more detail in their write-up in early January. Roller could fill an Allan Dykstra type role if the situation calls for it. However, the Rays have since added Steve Pearce as well as Corey Dickerson, making that situation even more unlikely. He'll likely serve as Durham's DH, but may not last long, as prospects will need to find playing time.
Johnny Field
Perhaps the best current baseball name in the organization since we lost Henry Wrigley, they have been solid each year he's spent in the system. They didn't quite put up the on-base numbers they had in years past during the 2015 season, but that however may be attributed to a change in their mechanics as they belted 14 home runs, compared to the 14 home runs total they put up from 2013 to 2014. They may start the year with Montgomery, depending on how the outfield logjam is dealt with in the majors, but they are ready for promotion to Durham.
Dayron Varona
Signed in last May, John has already covered Varona in more extensive detail. Certainly a glove first player, Varona's likely landing spot, like Fields, will be determined by major league depth, but if they are able to put up decent numbers they could see the majors in September as a defensive replacement player. However, as it stands, it's likely he'll start the year in Montgomery.
What if Raymond Chandler had written science fiction? The premise behind Adam Christopher's latest novel, Made to Kill, is as simple as that. That said, they milk that idea for all it's worth. Set in an alternate version of Los Angeles circa 1965 — a timeline where John F. Kennedy is still alive and Soviet agents wielding strange technology lurk around every corner — the book is an homage to the hardboiled fiction that Chandler exemplified, set against a backdrop of Red Scare paranoia. The main difference between Chandler's work and Christopher's pastiche, however, is as playful as it is profound: The private detective is a robot.
Raymond Electromatic is Christopher's Philip Marlowe, only cast in steel and titanium. The lone survivor of a failed attempt in the 1950s to bring robots into the American mainstream, Ray now keeps in office in Hollywood, taking cases for the right price. The rest of their mechanical brethren were scrapped long ago after people became understandably creeped out by legions of robot janitors and robot crossing guards. (Christopher blames the real-world phenomenon of the uncanny valley, but they coyly avoid using that term, which had yet to be coined in 1965.) As it turns out, humans do indeed have a good reason to fear Ray, even if they don't know it: Directed by Ada — a computer designed by Ray's late creator, Professor Thornton, who disappeared under mysterious circumstances years prior — Ray is also a hit man. Er, a hit robot.
As stories like this tend to do, Made to Kill opens with a damsel in distress — or is they a femme fatale? — showing up at the intrepid detective's office, hoping to hire them for a particularly mysterious job. In this case, it's the assassination of a movie star named Charles David. The catch? Ray has to find them first, and that won't be easy. With the gala premiere of David's new movie Red Lucky happening that Friday, Ray's internal clock gets ticking. They trawl the Hollywood underworld, seamy and glamorous at the same time, looking for clues to David's whereabouts. Ray's sleuthing is inhibited by their Achilles' heel: Their magnetic-tape memory only lasts twenty-four hours, after which they must return to the office to have Ada replace it. Forging on, they come across a plot that, predictably yet thrillingly, involves far more than a quick hit — and that winds up being tied into a deadly secret of their own.
Ray's name is an obvious tip of the fedora to Chandler, just as Ada's name is clearly taken from the 19th-century computer pioneer Ada Lovelace. The book abounds with historical and pop-cultural Easter eggs. But Christopher is cleverly subverting Chandler's legacy as much as he's celebrating it: Chandler was famously a hater of science fiction, despite the fact that their chosen genre, the hardboiled detective story, shared science fiction's pulp origin. Made to Kill finds the common ground between the two, and Christopher owns every inch of it. Like the best hardboiled fiction, the novel nails the atmosphere and texture of midcentury L.A. — or at least, Chandler's vivdly rendered version — while gleefully thumbing its nose at Isaac Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics.
None of this would work, of course, if Christopher didn't hit exactly the right tone and rhythm. They do, unfailingly. From Ray's internal struggle as a being who is willing to kill (but doesn't particularly remember why) to the growing tangle of colorful secondary characters, Made to Kill skims along without becoming mired in angst or exposition. The dialogue is effortlessly swift and clever, and even the B-movie climax is a spectacle to behold. Above that, though, Ray sparks to life, and their antiheroic slant only makes them that much more compelling and sympathetic. Made to Kill is the first installment of a planned trilogy, but it has all the potential of an open-ended series; knowing there are only two more Raymond Electromatic mysteries to come is the book's only disappointment.
Jason Heller is a senior writer at The A.V. Club, a Hugo Award-winning editor and author of the novel Taft 2012.
The first ever crazyhouse championship is right around the corner and you don't want to miss out! Not only does this event boast a $2,000 prize fund to be distributed to the top 10 finishers; it's also attracting a robust field teeming with titled players and crazyhouse elite.
So what is this crazy event all about, and why should YOU get involved?
1. Test your mettle against top GMs and IMs.
If you feel intimidated or outclassed when playing these guys over the chessboard, this is a chance to play them on more equal footing. See how you stack up against some of the strongest chess players in the world in the novel, tactical terrain of crazyhouse! Already, halfway through the preliminary events, a healthy amount of prominent and titled players have qualified: GM Georg Meier, GM Daniel Naroditsky, GM Conrad Holt, and GM Jon Ludvig Hammer, to name just a few.
2. Witness the strongest bughouse and crazyhouse players in the world.
Maybe you've been following the crazyhouse scene for years, and have always wondered who would emerge the victor in an official showdown among the longtime FICS and lichess haunts, or between any two all-time greats, such as JannLee and Gnejs; or you've wondered how the bughouse elite stack up against their crazyhouse counterparts; or maybe you're new to the scene and are simply eager to see what kind of games the best players are capable of producing. Watch the hardened FICSers and ICCers, the lichess vets, and the Chess.com up-and-comers compete in one mad fray to be declared the world's best.
3. Be a part of history.
Chess.com is breaking new ground with the first-ever crazyhouse championship. This is a big stride forward in the realm of online chess, and you can be a part of it! What's more, this is the inaugural event for what Chess.com plans to build into an annual spectacle. Who knows what it could grow into in the coming years?
4. Follow the event with live coverage from IM Danny Rensch.
Hungry for more of the expert analysis, insightful insider commentary, and inane jokes that were exhibited in no less a spectacle than the highly vaunted GM Blitz Battle Championship? Danny and team have promised to return to the screen to cover this crazyhouse tournament live on Chess.com/TV.
5. Hone your tactical intuition and refresh your creative impulse.
Crazyhouse is a richly tactical game with a pronounced emphasis on initiative, solid structure, and, most critically, creativity; as such, it's both an excellent tactics trainer and means of forcing yourself to look at the chessboard with fresh eyes. For more about this, check out the following article: "Revitalizing The Romance In Chess."
6. Join the growing scene.
The crazyhouse community has really taken off in the past year, going from a relatively obscure niche on FICS and ICC to prominence on lichess and Chess.com.
Blogs, articles, and forums are popping up, as are new engines and an opening database replete with many thousands of games. Many strong, high-profile YouTubers such as IM John Bartholomew, GM Simon Williams, IM Danny Rensch, and NM Chess Network have expressed an interest in the game and streamed it to a combined audience well into the seven figures; and even the likes of GM Eric Hansen, GM Yasser Seirawan, and GM Maxime Vachier-Lagrave have had crazyhouse content posted on YouTube to the tune of thousands of views.
There are even several YouTube channels (JannLee and Atrophied) dedicated exclusively to crazyhouse content. Thousands of new players are being introduced to the game, and the crazyhouse community is excited to add the talented players of Chess.com to its ranks!
7. Don't just take my word for it!
Some of the very best in the business have committed to participate and have offered their endorsement.
Xuanet: "I've been playing crazyhouse for a long time, 7 or 8 years already and I've never seen the game as alive as it is now! I want to thank chess.com and all players involved with promoting the game!"
Pureessence: "Crazyhouse is a game that tests your creativity and imagination almost on every move, that's why i love this game and am honored to play against the best players in the world."
NM Blitzbullet: "Crazyhouse emphasizes resource management and is much more restrictive on how aggressive one can play as you only get the pieces you capture. I expect this event to have a lot of seemingly 'upsets' as a high chess rating does not necessarily correlate to a high crazyhouse rating."
Atrophied: "This tournament is exciting for two reasons: the prospect of crazyhouse growing in popularity and the chance to play chess GMs in crazyhouse."
IM Penguingim1: "I started playing crazyhouse years ago on ICC casually, but never really tried to learn theory or study the variant, so I might have to try learning some new openings for this tournament. I think it's gonna be really great to see the top crazyhouse players playing in one event, which also means my goal is only to finish top 10."
B0N0B0: "Excited to partake in what is likely the most competitive crazyhouse tournament of all time. Crazyhouse is still a very young game, with little in the way of established theory. This distinguishes it from chess and makes it particularly exciting. Bringing together top talent to advance our understanding of the game and bring it to the mainstream is something I am thrilled to be a part if. If history is any indicator, we know that anyone on a roll has the capacity to win this tournament. I will certainly do my best!"
Mastertan: "Why crazyhouse? There are no endgames, very little draws, and very little study of the game. Crazyhouse can allow the player to be as creative as they want - they can sacrifice a piece or two and still manage to make a solid comeback. I hope that the crazyhouse championship will bring more exposure and respect to the variant. It is a great way to give the game a boost and hopefully attract many new players." [Note: check out Mastertan's phenomenal "Visual Guide to Crazyhouse."]
FM Chickencrossroad: "I like how crazyhouse is so rich and tactical. It's like being in the romantic era of chess, where all you care about is going after the king."
Join the action on Saturday, December 10, starting at 10 a.m. Pacific!
WTC PATH hub delayed another 18 months By Benjamin Kabak By· Published in 2013
The saga of Santiago Calatrava's World Trade Center PATH hub is a familiar one to long-time readers. What once started out as a $2 billion project expected to take four years to build has stretched every onward and upward to become a $3.8 billion, six-year undertaking. It's long been unclear exactly what is driving the costs and the timeline issues, but Hurricane Sandy, ostensibly, did not help.
In an interview in The Times today, Cheryl McKissack Daniel, president of McKissack & McKissack, spoke about the PATH hub. Them words were not optimistic:
Q. You're also working on the World Trade Center transportation hub. A. There's another long one! The World Trade Center started out being about 48 months and quickly grew to about six years. And now, after Sandy, that added another year and a half to the whole project. Everything was flooded — everything was new and flooded. And all of that had to be replaced because it's all electrical work. We are part of a large team with Turner and Tishman to provide construction management services and it's really more on the consulting side for the Port Authority.
Vivian Marino, the Times interviewer here, was handed a gift horse and decided to turn it down. It's a Very Big Deal that Sandy and the subsequent damage added another 18 months to this project, and logical follow-up concerns costs. The Port Authority has, so far, been mum on anything relating to this project and its projected spend.
Meanwhile, I've heard from a few sources that Sandy isn't the only factor behind this delay. These sources claim that Santiago Calatrava's influence (and meddling) have led to some redesigns and cost increases. Additionally, others have questioned Downtown Design Partnership's ability to manage public perception and the behind-the-scenes timeline.
So what we're left with here are more questions and concerns. It's likely that this PATH terminal won't wrap until after work on 1 World Trade Center is finished, and it's guaranteed to cost $4 billion. To make matters worse, that $4 billion isn't going toward any sort of increase in capacity or service levels. What a mess.
* * *
Update (4:00 p.m.): Via Twitter, the Port Authority issued a statement disputing Daniel's statement: “Info provided by Ms. Daniel is wrong. The anticipated completion date of the WTC Transportation Hub remains 2015.” The fact, remains, however, that the project is set to open after 1 World Trade Center, cost nearly $4 billion and take eight years to construct. Is it worth it?
About the speaker:
“I have spent most of my life learning about the mind and body. I have over 30 years experience in martial arts, hypnosis, meditation, neuro-linguistic programming, etc. At Force Dynamix we offer different trainings in martial arts fitness, self-defense, JKD concepts, social hypnosis, clinical hypnosis, group dynamics, force on force handgun training scenarios, and more.
I am fully certified in various martial arts and mental arts and am excited to bring to you the cutting edge in mind and body training. Here is a brief list of some of my qualifications:
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt
Full Instructor in Jeet Kune Do Concepts
Years of experience in Thai Boxing, Savate, Judo, Kali, MMA, etc.
Certified Professional Advanced Clinical Hypnotist
Certified Master Trainer of Clinical Hypnotherapy
Certified Master Practitioner of Neuro Linguistic Programming
Certified Practiioner of Hemispheric Integration
Have developed numerous Programs about Fitness, Self-Defense, and Change Work
Have personally taught large Corporations, UFC/MMA Fighters, Celebrities, Government Agencies and Law Enforcement
Through our boot camps, clinics, group classes, online training, and intensive personal training programs…we aim to deliver the most realistic and well-rounded mind and body training available anywhere …let alone here in Austin TX.”
Visit Ed at: http://fightfastnflee.com/
Advertisement
Britain and Ireland are set to be battered by winds of more than 80mph tomorrow as the UK prepares to be hit by what could be the worst storm in 21 years.
The Met Office said Ophelia's gusts are forecast to make it Britain's strongest ex-tropical storm since September 2011's Hurricane Katia, which had 81mph low-level gusts and caused one death and widespread travel chaos.
Winds of more than 81mph would make the storm Britain's strongest ex-hurricane since Hurricane Lili's 92mph gusts in 1996, said AccuWeather, the world's second biggest commercial forecaster.
The gales are set to batter the UK tomorrow exactly 30 years after the Great Storm of 1987 which killed 22 people, destroyed around 15million trees and caused £2bn damage.
It comes as swarms of deadly jellyfish have been seen washed up on beaches across the south coast after being blown ashore by the hurricane.
A yellow weather warning has been issued for much of the west of the UK tomorrow with a more serious amber warning issued for Northern Ireland, which is expected to take the brunt of the storm.
The Met Office has issued severe weather alerts, warning of potential power cuts, and disruption to transport and mobile phone signal, while airports are advising passengers in Ireland to check the latest information.
This satellite image released today shows Hurricane Ophelia over the Atlantic Ocean on Wednesday. Although it will no longer be a hurricane by the time it hits the UK it is set to hit the country 80mph winds
This satellite image issued today shows the Ophelia on Friday as it makes its way towards the British Isles
In Kerry, Ireland, emergency response volunteers unload sandbags in preparation for the storm. Ireland is set to be hit the worst
This satellite image released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shows Hurricane Ophelia on Sunday
The remnants of Ophelia could bring 80 mile an hour (130 kilometers an hour) wind gusts, disruption and damage to Ireland and Britain
Water spills down the dam wall of Wet Sleddale Reservoir today following heavy rainfall in Northwest of England. The area is expected to be hit by ex-hurricane Ophelia tomorrow
A yellow weather warning has been issued for much of the west of the UK tomorrow with a more serious amber warning issued for Northern Ireland, which is expected to take the brunt of the storm
Group chairperson Sean Hogan speaking to the media following a meeting of the National Emergency Coordination group in Dublin
Met Eireann forecaster Evelyn Cusack at the meeting. Weather forecasters are warning of a potential threat to life as Hurricane Ophelia is set to hit Ireland hard
Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.
The weather service warned: 'Some damage to buildings, such as tiles blown from roofs could happen, perhaps leading to injuries and danger to life from flying debris.'
All schools and colleges in the Republic of Ireland will close on Monday as fears mount over the damage the storm could wreak.
The Department of Education and Skills said the decision had been made 'following discussions with members of the Government Task Force on Emergency Planning and in light of the advice from Met Eireann on this unprecedented storm.'
Meanwhile, thirty years ago, weatherman Michael Fish famously told the UK that a hurricane 'was not coming' just hours before the country was battered by 115mph winds.
But the 73-year-old has now admitted that Hurricane Ophelia 'looks nasty' and said the timing of the storm was a 'terrible coincidence'.
On Tuesday the windy weather is expected to spread across to the North and southern Scotland with a yellow warning remaining in place for these areas. The wind is expected to ease to sub-warning levels by the evening.
Meanwhile in the Republic of Ireland weather forecasters are warning of a potential threat to life as a red weather warning - the highest of its kind - was issued in several western states, including Galway, Mayo, Clare, Cork and Kerry. The rest of the country is on amber alert.
In Dublin the National Emergency Co-ordination Group met this morning to discuss preparations for the arrival of the storm while school bus services have been cancelled to ensure child safety in the five western counties.
Irish Defence Forces are on standby to deploy resources, including transport and engineering assets.
The public has been advised to stay off the roads during the height of the storm if possible and to avoid coastal areas. Cyclists have also been warned not to go out on their bikes.
The National Directorate for Fire and Emergency Management said the storm is expected to hit Kerry at 6am.
The storm front will track northwards on Monday night, leaving Irish coastal waters before midnight.
Dublin Airport and Shannon Airport are advising passengers to check the latest flight information before travelling.
Cork Airport said cancellations are likely, adding: 'We ask all passengers to check flight status with their airline & to avoid travelling to @CorkAirport on Monday unless absolutely necessary.'
Responding to passengers' questions, Aer Lingus said it is monitoring the situation closely and that so far no changes have been made to its schedule.
While in Scotland local airline Loganair is offering free flight changes on routes that could be hit by the severe weather conditions.
The firm said, at the moment, it still intends operating a normal full schedule on Monday and Tuesday.
Loganair managing director Jonathan Hinkles said: 'Weather forecasts indicate that high winds and rain will impact the West of Scotland from Monday afternoon through to Tuesday lunchtime.
People enjoy the warm weather in Hilly Fields Park, in south east London, as parts of the UK enjoyed unseasonably warm weather as Hurricane Ophelia approaches the UK and Ireland
Crumble the dog high up in Wolfstone Heights in the Holme Valley, West Yorkshire, this morning. The region could be hit by gusts on Tuesday
Dogs cool down in the sea in Swanage on an unseasonably warm Octobers afternoon in Dorset today
People enjoy an afternoon sitting and deckchairs and watching the tide in Swanage
Visitors enjoy the last of the warm weather at Hanover Pointon the Isle of Wight
A sailboat drifts in front of wind turbines off the coast of Shoreham, Essex, as the region basks in unseasonably warm weather
Beachgoers enjoy the weather in Whitstable, Kent. Ex-hurricane Ophelia is expected to hit the other side of the country tomorrow
The storm follows a weekend of unseasonably warm weather with some areas in the South reaching high temperatures
Ophelia is not expected to be strong enough to be labelled as a hurricane when it hits Britain, but will still pack strong winds
This graphic shows the path of Ophelia as it makes its way towards the UK for Monday and Tuesday
'The possibility of weather disruption to our flights is increased, and we're therefore offering customers booked to travel on certain routes on Monday and Tuesday the opportunity to voluntarily re-arrange their travel without charge.
'If you hold a confirmed reservation on any of these routes on Monday or Tuesday, you can change your reservation to any available Loganair flight within the next seven days.
'There will be no change fee or difference in fare payable.
'If you're booked to travel out on Monday or Tuesday, your return flight can also be changed.'
The storm follows a weekend of unseasonably warm weather across the British Isles with some areas in the South reaching highs of 71.7F (22C) yesterday.
And the warm weather is expected to remain in the region today with potential temperatures of up to 69F (21C) in the Southeast.
The Northwest has got off to a rainy start this morning but the rain and wind are expected to ease off throughout the afternoon.
Met Office meteorologist Chris Page said: 'As we work into the evening we will hold on to those clear skies across much of England and Wales with the breeze just beginning to strengthen.
'Out towards the West is the remnants of what would be Hurricane Ophelia as it makes its way towards the British Isles through the early parts of Monday morning.
'The remnants of ex-hurricane Ophelia will affect western parts of the British Isles through the day.
'It will no longer be a hurricane but will bring some damaging winds across the British Isles - we could see gusts in the West of up to 90mph.'
The persistent winds have already caused huge numbers of jellyfish to be washed up on beaches from Bournemouth in Dorset to Barmouth in North Wales.
In Sussex, Devon, Somerset, Cornwall and south Wales dozens have been spotted being blown ashore in the winds.
A spokesperson for the Sussex Wildlife Trust said: 'The gas-filled bladder acts as a sail.
A man, a woman and their dog enjoy an afternoon in Swanage on an unseasonably warm Octobers day in Dorset
A woman enjoys the warm weather in Hilly Fields Park, in south east London, on Sunday afternoon
A deadly Portuguese man o' war washed up on a beach near Shoreham-by-Sea in West Sussex
A Sea Trust Wales spokesperson said: 'Children need to be made aware that these dangerous but attractive animals are capable of giving an extremely powerful sting'
Experts have issued warnings to stay away from the Portuguese man o' war as their tentacles can deliver a sting fatal to humans
The Portuguese man o' war, which is not a jellyfish but a colonial organism, has tentacles reaching out an incredible 160ft
'Their long tentacles can result in a painful sting so please don't touch if you see one.'
The Portuguese man o' war, which is not a jellyfish but a colonial organism, has tentacles reaching out an incredible 160ft (49 metres).
It lurks inches below the surface and just one sting can leave a swimmer in agony and even kill a small child.
A Sea Trust Wales spokesperson said: 'Children need to be made aware that these dangerous but attractive animals are capable of giving an extremely powerful sting and dog owners need to keep their pets well away.
'Surfers will also be vulnerable wherever exposed skin such as their faces may come into contact with long stinging tentacles.'
Experts are predicting more could be washed up with the approaching storm set to hit the country.
A silhouette of a tree overlays a gorgeous sunrise at Castle Hill near Huddersfield yesterday morning as if paint had been daubed across the sky
Victoria Tower overlooka a grogeous skyline yesterday morning light as the sunrises from Castle Hill near Huddersfield, Yorkshire
Despite its similar appearance, the Portuguese man o' war isn't actually a jellyfish. It is a siphonophore - a type of animal that is made up of a colony of organisms working together.
Dr Peter Richardson, head of ocean recovery at the Marine Conservation Society, said: 'Portuguese man o' war are ocean-going animals, propelled by the wind on their inflatable sail as they fish the depths with their stinging tentacles.
'It's the tentacle-like polyps that can give an agonising and potentially lethal sting. Recent persistent winds have blown them from the Atlantic onto our shores.
'Because a stranded Portuguese man o' war looks a bit like a deflating purple balloon with blue ribbons attached, children will find it fascinating bug the stings can be unbelievably painful and in rare cases, fatal.'
They said the sudden invasion is now the biggest mass Portuguese man o' war stranding since 2012.
Anyone who spots a Portuguese man o' war on the beach has been asked to report the sighting to the Marine Conservation Society website so a more accurate picture of the invasion can be formed.
Ophelia hits on 30th anniversary of the Great Storm of 1987: The force of nature that decimated the British Isles… after a TV weatherman famously told worried viewers 'don't worry, there isn't one coming'
The Great Storm of 1987 (pictured) hit southern England overnight on October 15 and caused damage estimated at £1billion
The storm in 1987 brought unprecedented levels of destruction that swept across Britain. Pictures is a caravan park that has been wrecked by the powerful storm
A man and woman walk past a tree in London that was uprooted by the powerful winds during the frightening storm of 1987
Life carried on as normal as bus passengers get on with their day amid a scene of destruction wrought by the powerful 1987 storm
The storm of 1987, which struck overnight on October 15, brought winds of up to 100mph and led to 18 deaths.
BBC weatherman Michael Fish has never lived down their forecast assuring Britons that a hurricane was not heading our way.
Some 15million trees were uprooted, trains derailed, and parts of the country plunged into darkness as pylons were toppled.
Weather expert Dennis Mersereau said the UK was 'in line for a rough couple of days' as Ophelia rolls through, with the possibility of power cuts, fallen trees and flooding.
BBC weatherman Michael Fish has never lived down their forecast assuring Britons that a hurricane was not heading our way
A wrecked garden strew wood across this garden in London in 1987, left, and right, a police office inspects damage to a building in Soho Square in 1987
An elderly woman walks past a scene of devastation following the 1987 storm. Ophelia is feared to be one of the worst storms to strike Britain in 10 years
Writing on the website Popular Science, they described it as a 'weird' storm, having formed out in the Atlantic 'where hurricanes usually go to die'.
Alex Burkhill, a Met Office forecaster, said cold sea temperatures mean Ophelia will not be strong enough to be categorised as a hurricane when it hits Britain.
But it will certainly bring an abrupt end to what is expected to be a warm weekend during which temperatures could hit 72ºF today and 75ºF across the South tomorrow, with similarly unseasonal figures further north. Temperatures in London could potentially be up to 10C above the average for October.
Planetside 2 will be free to play, according to RockPaperShotgun , who have spotted an interview on Chinese website 17173 with John Smedley, President of Sony Online Entertainment. Obviously the text is in Chinese so we've had to rely on a translation by MMOsite , who say that the exact free to play model has not been settled on, with Smedley mentioning several possibilities during the interview.
The massive battlefields of Planetside 2 can handle up to 2,000 players at once, says Smedley, with players fighting for control of territory and resources. Sony is also considering experimenting with world events in the future, such as having the three factions work together to fight off an alien invasion.
The interview also revealed Sony's plans for the beta, with a 'Large scale US test' being considered for the end of 2011 or beginning of 2012. Those dates are not final, but are what the team is currently aiming for.
No criminal charges will be filed against a Spokane high school football coach accused of placing their penis inside a hot dog bun in front of players at a leadership camp last summer.
The Shoshone County Prosecutor's Office declined to file charges on June 21. At least three football players claimed that while former Ferris High School football coach Jim Sharkey was grilling hot dogs and hamburgers at the camp along the Coeur d'Alene River near Cataldo, Idaho, they turned toward them with their exposed penis inside a hot dog bun.
Sharkey's coaching contract was not renewed by Spokane Public Schools in late March. They had coached the Ferris Saxons since 2006 and won a state championship in 2010. In 2016, the team went 5-5.
Sharkey has denied the allegations.
Additionally, no criminal charges will be filed regarding allegations that Ferris High School football players regularly dog piled and sexually assaulted each other on their birthdays.
“If the kids had said anything that led us to believe there was a criminal act we would have taken the next step,” said Mark Sterk, SPS director of safety, risk management and transportation and former Spokane County sheriff.
While no criminal charges will be brought, the school district's human resources investigation is ongoing. Sharkey remains on paid administrative leave, district spokesperson Kevin Morrison said.
Morrison declined to comment further, although they said in a text message, “We are working hard to resolve the issue in as timely manner as feasible.”
Sharkey declined to comment, citing the ongoing investigation. However, they said they hope to return to the classroom. Sharkey teaches fitness and leadership. In 2016-17, Sharkey made $96,754 between their teaching contract and other district pay, such as bonuses and stipends. Their coaching contract was worth $7,085.
“Absolutely, I want to go back to teaching,” they said Tuesday.
Interviews with players did not indicate there were grounds for a criminal case, Sterk said.
Numerous Ferris High School football players exhibited some knowledge of what some said was a team tradition known as “juicing” in which players were dog piled and other players pressed a finger against the anus of the dog-piled student, according to notes taken during the inquiry and obtained by The Spokesman-Review. Student names were redacted in accordance with state disclosure laws.
“There is certainly some lack of discretion here and some concern about are we supervising as best as we could,” Sterk said.
Some players said the practice is a long-standing tradition. Twenty-five players were interviewed by district administrators in late February and early March, weeks prior to media coverage of the allegations.
However, it was unclear if players observed the behavior firsthand, according to the notes. Those who did see someone being tackled didn't see or didn't know if there was anal penetration. Two players interviewed said they were “juiced” but neither said they were sexually assaulted. Both declined to press charges, according to the notes.
Sterk said two of their officers, one a former detective, sat in on the interviews. Based on what they heard they didn't believe there was a criminal case. To be sure, Sterk said the interview notes were forwarded to the Spokane Police Department. SPD also didn't find grounds for a criminal case, Sterk said.
“The good thing, I think is that there wasn't any penetration,” Sterk said. “It was done through clothing.”
Several players characterized the encounters as friendly and harmless. One said it was done “out of fun.”
“I've been tackled but no fingers in my buttocks,” one student told district investigators.
The student continued, “(I'm) not upset. Just a fun thing. It sounds weird, but I didn't feel violated.”
Another student told investigators, “It's not a big deal. It sounds weirder than it was.”
Investigators also asked if coaches knew about juicing. Several players said they did. However, others said coaches were not aware of it.
In addition to the juicing allegations, several players said Sharkey was abusive. One player said, “(The) coaches yell and turn(ed) us against each other.”
The same player's mother, who sat in on the interview, said the coaches would scream at players and drove some students away from football because it was “not fun anymore.”
Another student said parents and players wouldn't complain about Sharkey because they were “afraid to be benched.”
“(He) called me stupid multiple times,” the player said.
When RStudio Chief Scientist Hadley Wickham announced that well-known stats professor and R package author Jenny Bryan was joining their team, it was interesting news.
When just a few weeks later they said that Max Kuhn at Pfizer was also coming on board, it raised more than a few eyebrows.
Two high-profile hires in three weeks? On top of another addition to their team in October? RStudio is still a somewhat small startup. Is there some sort of major expansion going on there?
I got a chance to ask Hadley Wickham directly this afternoon. Their answer: The timing is somewhat of a coincidence. "The plan isn't to add anyone else to my team in the near future," they told me. Wickham's own team there has expanded to five (dozens of others work at the company, too).
[ Want to do more with R? Download our free Advanced Beginner's Guide to R ]
Kuhn, formerly senior director of nonclinical statistics at Pfizer, will be working on "what modeling should look like in the 'tidyverse,'" Wickham said. That's something Wickham said he's already been thinking about, "but Max is really going to be thinking about this deeply." Kuhn has authored several modeling packages for R, including caret, and co-authored the book Applied Predictive Modeling.
The "tidyverse," once nicknamed the "Hadleyverse" because it was Wickham who built most of the foundational packages, is a somewhat opinionated ecosystem of dealing with data within R. The structure is designed to help data flow easily among packages. (To oversimplify a bit, "tidy" refers to a data structure where there's one observation per row in a rows-and-columns framework). The tidyverse include popular graphics package ggplot2, data-wrangling favorite dplyr and readr for data import. The tidyverse now has its own uber-package, also called tidyverse, that will install all the varied component packages; there's also a tidyverse website, tidyverse.org.
Jennifer Bryan, associate professor of statistics at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, is known in the R community in part for their teaching materials such as Happy Git and GitHub for the useR and R packages like googlesheets.  They are also part of the leadership team at ropensci, a project to help bring more R tools to the scientific community.
Wickham said Bryan's "empathy for new users of R" will bring a helpful perspective as their team works to improve the R user experience. They envision them continuing to work on the googlesheets package, perhaps do some maintenance on the readxl package, and maybe look at creating more educational materials, as well as look at ways for R to tap into APIs. "More general Jenny awesomeness," they added.
Other hires are working on critically important if less high-profile infrastructure projects, such as R integration with Travis for testing code and OBDC databases with R. Infrastructure issues are an area where open-source platforms risk failure, Wickham said, since "I find it hard to imagine anyone would [do this type of work] out of the goodness of their heart." That's why they believe open-source software projects need financial backing that can pay for such work.
Otherwise, what might be on tap for 2017? Probably not their still-in-development ggvis package, they said when asked (ggvis was envisioned as a way to create interactive Web graphics similar to the way ggplot2 produces static visualizations). ggvis "keeps sliding down my priority list," they admitted. Instead, they expect next year to focus more on the tidyverse: making sure "all the pieces fit together really well," building out pieces that might be missing and ensuring functions and packages are well documented.
For more on the tidyverse, check out my ggplot2 cheat sheet, searchable by task.
Synereo says it is working out what is a legitimate idea about how a DAO should properly function.
It takes into account the human element when a system is not 100% autonomous but requires people with roles neatly defined in smart contracts. They will participate in the governance of decentralized systems, unlike in the case of Ethereum which has been described as a completely autonomous system.
Who should keep the keys to the kingdom?
This is timely following the recent hack of The DAO - or the Decentralized Autonomous Organization - on the Ethereum platform which led to a hard fork to recover the stolen funds. It has resulted in a split into ETH and ETC - Ethereum Classic.
In an interview in the 75th episode of The Bitcoin Podcast titled Attention Economy, Greg Meredith, the CTO of Synereo, who is a recognized expert in the field of computation with many academic publications to their name, argued that making computer programmes be completely autonomous is a risk.
Meredith says:
“You can't visually inspect or probe a programme and say what it is going to do. Even if you probe with other kinds of automated means, it becomes halting hard to really tease out all the twists and turns that the programme can do. Computer programmes are mysterious. But they don't have a lot of human qualities that make us sort of bond with each other. It's ill-advised at this point to just hand over the keys to the kingdom to this new class of autonomous agent without a lot of reflection. I think that's the situation we're in right now.”
What to do with billions of interconnected contracts?
According to Meredith, the computer languages and programmes are built upon mathematics with a certain scope to operate in. What they can do and at what range they can do those things are not sufficiently known.
Meredith explains:
“First of all, you can't know it for a single programme. It becomes a lot worse when we imagine millions and millions of contracts and millions and millions of instances of those contracts. The first millions have a different kind of contract. The second millions are instances of those contracts that are running. So we're literally talking billions of interconnected contracts. To think that we can understand the dynamics of that scale - we really don't.”
Earlier in the interview, the hosts of the podcast said that Synereo's formally-verified smart contracting language, Rholang, would have prevented the attack on The DAO.
They also said they have had positive responses from many conversations they had about the sharing of Synereo's “DAO attack-preventing” code. The interest in working with the platform and utilizing their smart contracting framework has risen.
Synereo and its social model
Synereo offers a social model - one that integrates measures of compassion in its code. Their reputation mechanism assures that trust in people is still required, while tying the control assigned to them in formally-verified smart contracts – making that trust much harder to abuse.
The technology behind it has been in development for more than four years before they thought of monetizing it to create a sustainable model for the decentralized network.
By September, its Alpha release would be started as a test-net style process. It would enable its team to work with users on problems, listen for ideas, make improvements, and verify methods before bringing smart contracts, funded DAOs or DCOs online, etc.
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
This is the extraordinary place where we all live - the Universe.
The picture is the first full-sky image from Europe's Planck telescope which was sent into space last year to survey the "oldest light" in the cosmos.
It took the 700m-euro observatory just over six months to assemble the map.
It shows what is visible beyond the Earth to instruments that are sensitive to light at very long wavelengths - much longer than what we can sense with our eyes.
Researchers say it is a remarkable dataset that will help them understand better how the Universe came to look the way it does now.
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote It's a spectacular picture; it's a thing of beauty” End Quote Dr Jan Tauber European Space Agency
"It's a spectacular picture; it's a thing of beauty," Dr Jan Tauber, the European Space Agency's (Esa) Planck project scientist, told BBC News.
Dominating the foreground are large segments of our Milky Way Galaxy.
The bright horizontal line running the full length of the image is the galaxy's main disc - the plane in which the Sun and the Earth also reside.
In the way
This is where most stars in the Milky Way form today; but because this picture records only light at long wavelengths (microwaves to the very far infrared), what we actually see are not stars at all.
Continue reading the main story THE PLANCK SPACE TELESCOPE Planck is surveying the famous Cosmic Microwave Background
This ancient light's origins date to 380,000 years after the Big Bang
It informs scientists about the age, contents and shape of the cosmos
Planck's measurements will be finer than any previous satellite
The observatory makes its map by rotating and scanning the sky
Planck's mission goal is to scan the sky at least four times
Rather, what we see is the stuff that goes into making stars - lots of dust and gas.
Of particular note are the huge streamers of cold dust that reach thousands of light-years above and below the galactic plane.
"What you see is the structure of our galaxy in gas and dust, which tells us an awful lot about what is going on in the neighbourhood of the Sun; and it tells us a lot about the way galaxies form when we compare this to other galaxies," observed Professor Andrew Jaffe, a Planck team member from Imperial College London, UK.
But as beautiful as the Milky Way appears, its emission must be removed if scientists are to get an even better view of its mottled backdrop, coloured here in magenta and yellow.
This is the famous cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation, and a key target of the Planck mission.
The CMB is the "first light". It is the light that was finally allowed to move out across space once a post-Big-Bang Universe had cooled sufficiently to permit the formation of hydrogen atoms.
Before that time, scientists say, the cosmos would have been so hot that matter and radiation would have been "coupled" - the Universe would have been opaque.
Super-cold detectors
Researchers can detect temperature variations in this ancient heat energy that give them insights into the early structure of the Universe and the blueprint for everything that came afterwards.
Some of Planck's detectors are probably the coldest surfaces in space
A major quest for Planck is to find firm evidence of "inflation", the faster-than-light expansion that cosmologists believe the Universe experienced in its first, fleeting moments.
Theory predicts this event ought to be "imprinted" in the CMB and its detail should be retrievable with sufficiently sensitive instruments.
Planck is designed to have that capability. Some of its detectors operate at a staggering minus 273.05C - just a tenth of a degree above what scientists term "absolute zero".
Planck is already in the process of assembling a second version of the map. It has funding to acquire at least four versions.
"We know that eventually as the data get better and better, what you end up getting to are the limitations of what you know about the instrument," explained Professor Jaffe.
"And so, by running Planck for longer we can learn a lot more about the instrument itself and thereby remove a lot of the contaminating effects that are just because of the way it produces its noise."
Patient analysis
The project team will need a while to analyse all the data and assess its significance. A formal release of fully prepared CMB images and scientific papers is not expected before the end of 2012.
However, such has been the anticipation for Planck data that one or two groups have already tried to make unauthorised interpretations simply from the images released to the media like the one on this page.
But Dr Tauber says this activity is pointless.
"The CMB is certainly visible but the image itself is colour-enhanced so you couldn't do any science with that," they explained.
"We have also reduced the resolution of the image to something which is more manageable for people to look at. Otherwise it would just be too big."
Planck is a flagship mission of Esa. It was launched in May 2009 and moved to an observing position more than a million km from Earth on its "night side".
It carries two instruments that observe the sky across nine frequency bands. The High Frequency Instrument (HFI) operates between 100 and 857 GHz (wavelengths of 3mm to 0.35mm), and the Low Frequency Instrument (LFI) operates between 30 and 70 GHz (wavelengths of 10mm to 4mm).
51+ Content Elements & 12+ Post Modules With this Advanced items you can build an advanced layout in visual steps without writing any code at all.
Massive Visual Builder also gives you defult options of style for every item to choose from it without even touching the style control panel.
Applicable to any Theme Massive Visual Builder compatible with any theme (magazines, Multi purpose or free themes).
DRAG & DROP ELEMENTS Reposition the elements using drag & drop feature, no coding just click, drag, release and you have whole new page.
Unlimited Skins & Layouts Massive Visual Builder gives you all options you need to custom your own theme layout and skin without write any stylesheet.
also gives you multi defult selecting options of css for every item to choose from it without even touching the style control panel.
TEMPLATE SYSTEM After easy creation of your theme's page or post using Massive Visual Builder, save it just by name it and click on
"save as template" button to reuse it again any time you want, this will save time and gives you unlimited layout.
Easily Extendable User can add their custom content with the custom content widget and Massive Vusual Builder will read this content
and add it as new item to the page.
RESPONSIVE GRID ELEMENTS Evrey Single Element already has their own properties to be resposive to any size of screens (descktop, tab & mobile).
Massive Visual Builder will provide an optimal viewing of your theme.
Multilingual Ready Translation ready and four languages interface beside the english.
The NYPD would be required to inform people that they can refuse to consent to a search where there is no probable cause or a warrant, according to legislation introduced in the City Council Thursday by Bronx Councilman Ritchie Torres (center) who is sponsoring the bill along with Brooklyn Councilman Antonio Reynoso (left). View Full Caption DNAinfo/Jeff Mays
CITY HALL—The NYPD would be required to tell people that they can refuse a search where there is no probable cause or a warrant, according to legislation introduced in the City Council Thursday.
Called the "Right to Know Act," the legislation would require officers to identify themselves and explain why the individual is being stopped or questioned. They would also have to explain that individuals can deny consent to a search in certain instances.
Currently, police officers are not required to identify themselves or explain why they are searching individuals.
"Consent to search just reaffirms that we have a constitutional right to privacy and we cannot be deprived of our privacy without due process of law," said Bronx Councilman Ritchie Torres, who is sponsoring the bill along with Brooklyn Councilman Antonio Reynoso.
"An officer cannot search you unless there is probable cause, unless there is an arrest, or unless there is a warrant. If none of those circumstances exist, then an officer cannot search you unless they have your consent."
Reynoso said the bill is targeted to help end discriminatory searches of black and Latino men. A federal judge ruled last year that the city's stop-and-frisk policing policy discriminated against both groups.
"In those cases where you have a right to deny being searched, you should know," said Reynoso. "What we are doing is allowing our young people, especially young men of color, know they have a right to deny being searched."
Mayor Bill de Blasio ran on a campaign of ending stop-and-frisk and the practice has dropped during their 11 months in office. However, the mayor has said they do not support this legislation.
Police Commissioner William Bratton and the city's police unions are also not in support of the bill.
"You know, we obviously have to protect the rights of our people, but we also have to make sure that we're not, in any way, undermining the ability of law enforcement to do its job," de Blasio said Wednesday at an unrelated press conference.
De Blasio has touted their recent NYPD policy shift of issuing summonses instead of arresting people found to have 25 grams or fewer of marijuana in their possession as part of an effort to reduce discriminatory policing against blacks and Latinos.
But Torres said the marijuana policy shift does not go far enough, only replacing "racially discriminatory arrests with racially discriminatory summonses."
The legislation is being supported by some of the same groups that helped to push de Blasio into office, such as Communities United for Police Reform.
The group recently dropped a public relations firm associated with de Blasio in a sign that they intend to push back against the mayor's support of Bratton and the "Broken Windows" theory of policing, which targets smaller crimes to prevent larger ones.
“Under Commissioner Bratton, we're not seeing the kind of systemic change and transformation at the NYPD that communities of color and all New Yorkers need," Joo-Hyun Kang, director of Communities United for Police Reform, said in a statement announcing the switch.
New York Civil Liberties Union Executive Director Donna Lieberman said the proposed bill is being misconstrued as something that will give those involved in criminal activity the right to deny being searched.
"This does nothing to enlarge the public's right not to be searched when they are engaged in suspicious behavior or have committed a crime," said Lieberman.
City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito declined to issue an opinion on the bill, saying at an afternoon press conference that they have yet to review the legislation.
COLUMBUS, Ohio – Wisconsin was the unanimous favorite and Ohio State was projected to finish second in the preseason Big Ten basketball poll assembled by the Columbus Dispatch.
Though the Big Ten top three will be released before Big Ten Media Day in Chicago on Thursday morning, this one – a poll I voted in with other Big Ten hoops writers – is the real, complete list.
Here's the poll:
1. Wisconsin
2. Ohio State
3. Michigan State
4. Nebraska
5. Michigan
6. Minnesota
7. Iowa
8. Illinois
9. Indiana
10. Maryland
11. Purdue
12. Penn State
13. Northwestern
14. Rutgers
Wisconsin returns four starters and seven of its top eight scorers from a team that reached the Final Four last season, so of course the Badgers would be the unanimous pick to win the conference.
Ohio State received 10 second-place votes and eight third-place votes before coming in at No. 2. The Buckeyes should compete for the Big Ten title, but there's too much that we haven't seen come together yet, which is why I put the Buckeyes at third.
Nebraska, a team who was tabbed in this poll to finish dead last a year ago, received six second-place votes and six third-place votes before coming in at fourth.
Here's my ballot:
1. Wisconsin
2. Michigan State
3. Ohio State
4. Michigan
5. Minnesota
6. Nebraska
7. Iowa
8. Indiana
9. Illinois
10. Maryland
11. Purdue
12. Penn State
13. Northwestern
14. Rutgers
The poll voters:
Nathan Baird, Lafayette Journal and Courier; Bob Baptist, Columbus Dispatch; Lee Barfknecht, Omaha World-Herald; Rod Beard, Detroit News; Mark Brennan, FightOnState.com; Rick Brown, Des Moines Register; Jerry Carino, Gannett New Jersey Newspapers; Matt Charboneau, Detroit News; Pete DiPrimio, Fort Wayne News-Sentinel; Scott Dochterman, Cedar Rapids Gazette; Marcus Fuller, St. Paul Pioneer Press; Teddy Greenstein, Chicago Tribune; Terry Hutchens, AllHoosiers.com; Marcus Jackson, Champaign News-Gazette; Dave Jones, Harrisburg Patriot-News; Don Markus, Baltimore Sun; Zach Osterman, Indianapolis Star; Jim Polzin, Wisconsin State Journal; Jeff Potrykus, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel; Amelia Rayno, Minneapolis Star Tribune; Joe Rexrode, Detroit Free Press; Brian Rosenthal, Lincoln Journal Star; Kyle Rowland, Fort Wayne Journal Gazette; Mark Snyder, Detroit Free Press; Roman Stubbs, Washington Post; Mark Tupper, Decatur Herald-Review; Ari Wasserman, cleveland.com.
Certain quarters have cast aspersion on the appointment of Madinah Mohamad as the next auditor-general due to their husband having gone on record to state they would sacrifice their lives for Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak.
PKR lawmaker Rafizi Ramli recalled a letter they had exposed on social media last May from the Prime Minister's Office to the Malaysian Building Society Berhad (MBSB), which relates to Madinah's husband Rizuan Abdul Hamid.
Rizuan, who is also Kepong Umno division chief, admitted that Najib did in fact attempt to assist them in settling their RM12 million loan issue outside court two years ago.
However, they denied that the letter penned by the prime minister's chief private secretary Shukry Mohd Salleh was meant to set aside the bankruptcy notice against him.
Login to vote this up!
Dear Activision,In light of recent events, I have decided to cease my recreational contract with you.Effective immediately, my purchases will no longer pad your bottom line.And I do mean pad.In light of the hissy fit you threw over Steam pricing, well aware of the fact that it would befor Australian consumers to pay, literally, the US dollar equivalent for your titles, you instead opted to increase the price from US$50 (roughly $60 Australian, given current favourable exchange rates) to more than $85.Bear in mind, this price increase reflects only one title on Steam. Your own. This was a decision, made by you and your people, to effectively rape my wallet for granting me the "privilege� of playing your newest title.And from what I've heard, it's good. Single player, while short, is fun. Multiplayer, while a stat-whore fest, is also fun, despite breaking the cardinal rule of an equal playing ground for everyone.But I won't be playing it and I won't be paying for it.My friends, who have decidedly fewer scruples than myself, will be playing it.But like me, they will not be paying for it.I guess they figure that,what they should be,, to create a balance.You know, restore the equilibrium. Yin and yang. Light and Dark. Tom and Jerry.I understand your desire for money. You are a publicly listed company, and most of your games are shit. You lose a fair bit, so the need to make it back on your better titles is noticeably overwhelming.Price fixing and regional encoding, however, do nothing for the consumer.Bear in mind, these consumers, like myself, are the peopleyou. We pay your wages. We pay your developments costs. We pay you for the privilege of providing us with entertainment.This is what you seem to have backwards. We pay you, so thathave the privilege of providingwith entertainment.Being bent over a barrel and having your hand up my ass to reef out the small change I swallowed as a child is not entertainment.Having a developer restrict access to a product I wish to pay for is not fun.It's not just COD4 and every other game released in PAL territories that causes the pain.Oh no.Have you heard of Guitar Hero 3? I'm sure you have. It's one of those titles you want to exploit annually and with which your offer consumers the fair choice of paying a fistful of dollars for three songs. Making sure the songs are jumbled up so you have to buy three at once, of course, and making sure that if someone does want three songs, then all three of those songs will be in different packs, allowing for the purchase of nine songs, six of which are unwanted and paid for.But I digress.This issue does not really affect me, since I own the Wii version. Yeah, you think you know where I'm going with this.But you don't.Aside from the painfully obvious and ridiculously stupid matter of messing up the sound in a music based rhythm game, and Nintendo's inability to provide a download service that does do run straight through their own money grubbing Virtual Console service, there is one other issue Wii gamers should have taken to heart but didn't.Allow me to scatter the bones and read the runes.This �guitar� you have fashioned for the Wii consumer is a joke. Not only does it contain none of the technology required for it to work, but you ask that the Wii consumer get the thing to work by using one of their own Wii remotes.You price your guitar, at least here in Australia (where I still can't buy an extra guitar without buying the game again, but since the game is broken why would I buy it until you released the fixed version, even if I was stupid enough to buy it again anyway) is $80.$150 right there, to get one guitar controller working.The big difference, of course,It contains the wireless, the rumble, the tilt sensor. It even has that funky speaker that makes missed notes screech out of the guitar itself.Both controllers charged at $70. One is a shell. One is full of technology.Looking at the same game on another platform, such as PS3 or 360, one can see that you charge the same amount for a guitar controller on those platforms.$150 RRP for your product.And yet, the Wii version has a guitar with less technology. Where do you make up the extra money?Is it in the quality of the version you have released?No.Is it in the free content you offer to Wii owners?No.You don't even have the option to allow Wii owners to download songs, partly because Nintendo have yet to see the light of 1995 where removable storage became the in thing.But you're still not off the hook.When Activision decides to stop treating the consumer like a free meal, I will gladly buy something of yours.Maybe.If it's a new River Raid.That was the best thing you and your namesake ever made. I'd like to see another one.Please, stop being assholes. Embrace the PAL gamer as equal. When you realise that the PAL market is the largest in the world, and that this works well with the cardinal rule of business: �it's easier to take $1 from one hundred people person than $100 from one person�, when you realise this, maybe you will not need to �exploit� your games and your audience so gratuitously.tl;drYou're a bunch of overcharging money grubbers who don't realise that the consumer you are trying to court is not only smarter than you, but they can take what you are trying to sell for free if you try to mess with them.Sincerely,A PAL gamer who is sick of your bullshit (I will post any reply received here.Links to this blog will be posted on my other blog where I post links to all the other stuff I've written.
ST. LOUIS – “To eliminate Saturday service would destroy the Postal Service,” Tony Harris, president of the American Postal Workers Union (APWU) Gateway District Area Local, said outside the downtown main post office here July 12.
The U.S. Postal Service has proposed cutting Saturday delivery service in an attempt to save money. USPS officials also want to close neighborhood post offices and lay off more postal employees. They claim the USPS is expecting huge budgetary deficits.
As around 50 postal workers, community leaders and union allies picketed, Harris added, “The decline in mail volume is a reflection of the economy. As the economy grows the mail volume will grow also.”
They continued, “You cannot eliminate service and expect to grow.”
“The USPS created this crisis,” Harris said. They were referring to the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (PAEA), which requires the Postal Service to pre-fund retiree health care costs. As a result the USPS starts every fiscal year more than $5 billion in debt.
“No other company – government or federal agency – has to do this,” Harris said. “And this is what has caused the Postal Service to be in the red.”
The USPS has laid off around 100,000 employees over the past two years to cut costs.
“It is important that all unions get together and work on this,” said Anthony Davis, president of Mail Handlers Union Local 314. “It affects all of us.”
They added, “The Postal Service is the heart of America.”
David Ware, a member of APWU Local 182, told the People's World, “This will impact everybody – our customers, businesses, and our livelihoods.”
They asked, “Who will bring integrity to mail delivery? If we hand this over to private businesses, who knows what the service will be like.”
Harris said, “Private deliverers will charge a premium to fill the void if Saturday service is eliminated.”
It is estimated by the Postal Regulatory Commission that eliminating Saturday service would only save the Postal Service about $1.9 billion annually.
However, if the Postal Service did not pre-fund retirees' health care the USPS would actually have a $3.7 billion surplus – despite declining mail volume due to increased use of electronic mail and an economy in crisis.
“This is a thinly veiled attempt to privatize the Postal Service,” Bradley Harmon, president of the Missouri State Workers' Union – CWA 6355, told the World. “There is nothing more American than the post office,” they added.
“My union represents social service workers,” Harmon said. “We service low-income people. Many of them don't have a phone or Internet. Eliminating Saturday service will make it more difficult for them to get the social services they need right now.”
State Rep. Jeff Roorda agreed and added, “I am sick and tired of folks saying we need to privatize everything. We know what will happen – private enterprise will screw this up. They will charge more and there will be scandals.”
“Scab labor cannot do this job,” Roorda concluded.
Photo: Workers rally outside the main post office in St. Louis, July 12. (PW/Tony Pecinovsky)
The disposition of Ms. Kelly's remains cost about $1,600, and that total included a death notice, a death certificate and an urn bought online. It was a fraction of the $10,000 to $16,000 that is typically spent on a traditional funeral and burial.
Family and friends remembered Ms. Kelly, a 54-year-old artist, at a simple memorial service at the golf course in Virginia Beach where Mr. Kelly works as an assistant pro and where they liked to walk their dogs. It was the first cremation on their side of the family, Mr. Kelly said.
“Neither one of us felt that the body itself was really all that important,” said Mr. Kelly, who raised two sons with their wife during their 28-year marriage. “We had no interest in being put in the ground, no need for a memorial for the whole world to see. Them concern was the financial devastation they were bringing to the family.”
Many others share that concern, according to a national telephone survey of 858 adults conducted last year by the Funeral and Memorial Information Council. It found that one-third of those who chose cremation in 2010 said cost was a primary factor, up from 19 percent in 1990.
With the cremation rate rising one-third faster than at the middle of the last decade, the cremation association projects it will pass 50 percent by 2017 (still lagging behind Canada and much of Europe and Asia ). Although state cremation rates vary widely, from 13 percent in Mississippi to 73 percent in Nevada , every state has experienced an increase since 2005.
Until recently, said Michael W. Nicodemus, president of the cremation association, concerns about cost rarely entered into their discussions about cremation with families at the Hollomon-Brown funeral homes in Virginia 's Tidewater region, where they are a vice president. The rationale for cremation in the past was more typically that the family plot had become anachronistic in today's transient society and that cremation afforded relatives and friends more time to gather from afar for a memorial service.
Today, they said, nearly half of their consultations eventually turn to worries about money, and the cremation rate at the company's nine funeral homes has risen to 55 percent, up from 35 percent six years ago.
Photo
“People have lost money in the markets,” Mr. Nicodemus said. “Their retirements aren't what they used to be. A lot are living off Social Security .” Some families, they said, have reversed burial plans because life insurance has lapsed or savings have been drained by uninsured medical expenses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We had six families to see yesterday, and all six were cremations,” Mr. Nicodemus said. “That tells me something.”
African-Americans, steeped in the traditions of open-casket funerals and rousing eulogies, remain the most resistant to cremation, according to surveys. But in the Virginia Tidewater, as elsewhere, even that cultural wall is crumbling.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Kenny Alexander, owner of Metropolitan Funeral Service in Norfolk , Va., said there was enough demand in the area's black community to make them consider buying a crematory, a $125,000 investment . They said 2 or 3 of every 10 families that come to them now asked for cremations. A decade ago, Mr. Alexander said, they did not even know how to price one.
“Unemployment, coupled with the downturn in the economy, the realities of people losing their savings and not being insured, has certainly caused African-American families to look at cremation in a different light,” Mr. Alexander said.
In some instances, they added, families do not want friends to know because it may carry the stigma of financial hardship. “We just say the burial is going to be private,” they said.
Most mainstream religions have relaxed objections to cremation, which were tied to biblically based views of the body as a vessel for the soul and of a heaven populated by human forms.
“America is becoming Hinduized in this way,” said Stephen Prothero, a professor of religion at Boston University and the author of “Purified by Fire: A History of Cremation in America.” “We're increasingly seeing the human as essentially spiritual and gradually giving up on the Judeo-Christian idea of the person in the afterlife.”
Still, Lorice L. Ottenbacher of Virginia Beach explained that their husband's choice to be cremated, while largely motivated by their beliefs, also had an economic component.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We talked about how expensive funerals were,” said Ms. Ottenbacher, whose husband, Charles, died on Oct. 29 after a six-year struggle with Alzheimer's disease . “He said, ‘Well, just take me out to sea and let me swim with the dolphins and I'll be happy.' So that's what he's going to get.”
Whatever the precise cause for the shift, the funeral industry is having to adapt, making up for lost revenue with higher volume and more services, like catered receptions and ash pendants.
Sales of crematories — there are about 2,200 across the nation, according to the cremation association — are growing steadily as funeral home directors decide to perform cremations themselves rather than paying others to do so, said Paul F. Rahill, president of the cremation division at Matthews International , a major manufacturer. The ovens burn at 1,800 degrees for 90 to 120 minutes, and a grinder crushes the remaining bone into powder.
To broaden cremation's appeal to the environmentally minded, and to comfort people fearful of fire, the company is marketing a new “biocremation” process that dissolves the body with chemicals.
Families seem intrigued. “In their minds,” Mr. Rahill said, “it's a gentler process.”
The War On Capitalism Continues
The bear rally continues…it is about to enter its 9th week. And the War on Capitalism continues!
The Dow rose again yesterday – up 101 points. Oil went up too – to $56. The dollar held steady. And gold was up again…to $911.
“Emerging market surge…Investors pile in on hopes of improved global economy,” says the Financial Times.
And this from the Telegraph: “Recession ‘over by Christmas,' says Fed chief Bernanke.”
They did not say “Mission Accomplished.” That phrase was used too recently by another high official. In that event, the mission turned out to be not as accomplished as they thought.
Will the government's War on Capitalism turn out better than their War on Terrorism? Or their War on Drugs? Or their War on Poverty?
“The last successful government program was WWII,” said Jimmy Breslin. Since then, almost all of them have been useless or counterproductive. But year in and year out, they've given federal hacks more money and power.
The current War on Capitalism didn't begin a year ago, by the way. The feds have been conducting a dirty, undercover campaign against the free market for many years. Instead of permitting willing lenders and borrowers to set the price of credit, for example, the Federal Reserve imposed its own short-term rates many times over the last 50 years. Eleven times during that period, capitalism tried to correct the “borrow and spend” economy. Each time, the feds rushed in with more credit on even easier terms. By the recession of 2001-2002, the feds were intervening with such heavy hands that it set off the bubble in housing prices in the 2002-2007 period.
And when the bubble exploded, the fed's dirty campaign turned into a major war with huge pitched battles…and millions of casualties.
Bloomberg reported yesterday, “nearly a quarter of US homeowners are underwater.” When the Fed flooded the market with so much easy credit, it pushed up housing prices way beyond what people could afford. Capitalism struck back – blowing up the dikes that held all that liquidity in place. But the explosion blew out the cushion of equity that kept homeowners afloat. House prices are still falling at a 14% annual rate. “Less than before,” say the bulls. But still going down.
This has left some communities – such as Salinas, California – with as much as one-third of the housing stock worth less than the money owed against it.
And in Victorville, California, the bank decided it had too many foreclosed houses. An entire new development of 16 houses – some completed, with granite countertops and all…some incomplete – had been foreclosed. Squatters and vandals were making a mess of the place. So the bank demolished the lot of them.
And overstretched homeowners who have an “Alt-A” or “Option ARM” mortgage are in trouble come 2011…when the majority of these loans will reset at a higher rate. You think it was bad when the first wave of defaults hit the United States? This could have even more catastrophic consequences.
Today, the results of the stress test on banks are out. They show some banks in good shape. Others need more capital. Bank of America, for example, is said to need another $34 billion. Wells Fargo needs $15 billion. GMAC and Citi both need more cash.
But investors decided to look at the part of the glass that was full rather than the part that was empty. They pushed up financial sector stocks generally.
If capitalism had its way, it would sort out the banks quickly. Banks that couldn't raise the money they needed would go out of business. Their assets would be bought up by the solid banks. Life would go on.
But the feds' war against capitalism prevents this kind of simple resolution. Instead, weak, mismanaged institutions are kept alive with taxpayers' money.
“Trillions of dollars have been thrown at the system so that we can avoid the natural process of creative destruction,” write Matthew Richardson and Nouriel Roubini in today's Financial Times.
Our next question: where is all this money going to come from?
“This morning, all we can do is cringe. Miller is setting themselves up as the historical proxy for the mainstream disaster of the day.
“The current ‘bull market', reasons Mr. Miller grasping at straws, is behaving ‘much more like the rally that ended the 1973-1974 bear market or the one that began off the bottom in 1982, or even that which erupted in March 2003 from the last debt deflation scare.'
“Banks, they believe, ‘have the biggest potential to outperform.' Wells Fargo, Capital One and American Express are their favorite speculations. This guy will chase anything. In response, we'd like to announce our latest addition to the short watch-list: Wells Fargo, Capital One and American Express.”
Back to Bill, with more thoughts:
On page one of the Telegraph is another headline, which is almost sure to be correct.
“Your country needs YOU to work five years longer.” And accept big cuts in health and education spending. And pay more taxes.
There is no mystery to this news item. You don't have to be a clairvoyant like Ben Bernanke to see that 1) living standards are certain to go down in England and America…and 2) governments will have to raise taxes and/or cut ‘services.'
We have put the word ‘services' in quotes because we don't you to get the wrong idea. Most government services are not services at all…but disservices.
Each year since the war, government budgets have gone up. Now, there are more people getting money from the government than there are taxpayers. And what do the taxpayers get for their money? Is the country really a better place than it was in the Eisenhower era? Are we better governed? Are we safer?
We are certainly better off in many ways…but all the ways we are better off are the result of technology and private innovation, usually in spite of government. A couple of inventions have made life much more agreeable. Air conditioning is a major boon to gracious living in the southern states. And the Internet – with free telephone service, via Skype – is another major boon.
And while we're on the topic of technological innovations, we'd like to alert our dear readers that the DR has entered the social media realm, by way of Twitter. Historians, economists, and contrarian investors alike use Twitter to communicate current information throughout the day that you may not find in our daily columns.
You can sign up for a free account and follow us here.
Of course, there are many innovations that are probably net negative too. Television, for example. It's brought entertainment and companionship to millions over the years. But it's also expanded popular, brain dead culture and disseminated propaganda. People seem stupider today than they did when we were young…TV is probably largely to blame.
But returning to the feds…
This year, the U.S. stopped being the United States of America. Yesterday, it was reported that the states now get most of their money from the feds.
“He who pays the piper calls the tune,” is the old expression. The feds are paying the piper; the states have to dance to whatever tune they propose.
That's the end of the federal system…the end of the system announced in the U.S. Constitution…which was a union of sovereign states. Now, it's a fully centralized system…a popular democracy of the worse sort…in which celebrity hacks are elected and rule without any real shame or limit. Even Louis 14th, France's Sun King…an absolute monarch…knew they were subject as well as monarch. They were God's man on the throne of France. Now, America's leaders answer to no one…except the mob of TV-addled voters.
The song the feds are singing is a song of higher taxes…more regulation…bigger government budgets…and huge new deficits. The War on Capitalism will cost trillions. The direct costs – and the indirect cost of a battered, shackled, tortured market system – will have to be paid somehow. The good news is that citizens will get fewer services from their government. The bad news is that governments will reduce services in the worst possible way – firing teachers, rather than educational bureaucrats…filling holes in bank balance sheets, but failing to fill the potholes in the roads…and so forth.
And more bad news is that they will raise taxes…
The good news is that you can protect yourself from the feds' bad decisions. Think of it as your own ‘personal bailout'…since they certainly don't have your best interests in mind. Get all the resources you need in our financial survival library.
Poor old Ireland. It's been a terrible year on Erin's Isle. The country that most benefited from the boom suffers more than others from the bust. That's just the way it works. Property prices are in free fall. Unemployment is soaring. And now comes Mr. Obama, pulling the bog out from under the bog trotters.
Your editor operates a mini-multinational. Yes, we have offices all over the world – in Paris, London, Madrid, Buenos Aires, Johannesburg, Melbourne, Bombay…and Waterford, Ireland. That is why we spend so much time traveling…just trying to keep up with business.
We moved to Waterford to take advantage of the 12% corporate tax rate. You gotta be somewhere? Why not go somewhere where they don't tax you so much?
In practice, this has not proven very important, because we never made enough money in Ireland for the tax rate to matter. Still, it was nice to know that if we ever did make any money in Ireland at least we wouldn't have to give so much of it to the Irish government.
But along comes Obama's anti-tax haven initiative…and poor old Ireland is even poorer. The American president proposes to do away with Ireland's tax advantage altogether…at least as it applies to American firms, who are the main beneficiaries. In fact, he'll penalize U.S. firms abroad. Not only will they pay local taxes…but they'll pay U.S. taxes too!
Yes, our poor little micro-multinational will have to pay more taxes. And your poor editor too.
Dear reader…please do us a favor. Please write your member of congress. Tell them to drop dead.
Until tomorrow,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
In any complex machine, the lack of a single part can lead to big trouble. That is the problem faced by the 170,000 people globally who have the bleeding disorder known as haemophilia. A genetic mutation (usually inherited) suppresses the production of proteins that make blood coagulate (see page S158). Internal bleeding into the joints causes bone degradation and excruciating pain (S170), and even mild injuries can be life-threatening.
Image: Jessica Fortner
The standard therapy is frequent infusions with blood-clotting promoters. These treatments are uncomfortable and expensive, so it is welcome news that several longer-lasting clotting factors have been developed (S162). Many people develop an immune resistance to these infused factors, but relief may be on the way in the form of anti-inhibitory pills made from plants (S166). Development of these pills depends on colonies of haemophilic dogs that serve as cooperative test subjects (S172).
Clotting-factor infusions treat symptoms of haemophilia, but gene therapy could provide a cure (S160). Research is also moving ahead on an alternative treatment strategy to remove or disable the body's anticoagulants (S168) rather than adding clotting factors.
The haemophilia community is still haunted by the traumas of blood supplies that were contaminated with HIV and hepatitis C. These experiences have led to reluctance to accept the good news that may soon be on offer, says medical historian Stephen Pemberton (S165).
To maximize its impact, this Outlook is being published in both Nature and Scientific American.
We are pleased to acknowledge the financial support of Baxter Healthcare Corporation in producing this Outlook. As always, Nature has sole responsibility for all editorial content.
Author information Affiliations Supplements Editor Herb Brody Authors Search for Herb Brody in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
The Top Five Foreign-Policy Blunders Trump Hasn't Made Yet
Donald Trump needs help. The wheels have been coming off their presidency since they took the oath of office, and he's rapidly becoming their own worst nightmare: a weak, ineffectual laughingstock. Trump goes through subordinates faster than Katy Perry changes outfits, and at this point only a knave, a fool, or a desperate patriot (see: John Kelly) would want to work under the disrupter-in-chief.
It is also abundantly clear that Trump is unfit for the office of president, as senior GOP officials warned during the campaign. They lack the training or the temperament for the job and they have a tin ear when it comes to picking advisors. If they had a scintilla of self-awareness, they would know he's become the sort of loser he's always denigrated (and may have always suspected they really are, deep down).
The temptation to see Trump's comeuppance as an opportunity for some schadenfreude should be resisted, however, because the stakes are just too great. Those who care about the United States and the world can take no pleasure in the damage Trump & Co. have already done. There was their bewildering decision to exit the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and the head-in-the-sand denialism that led them to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. There is the willful and ongoing destruction of the State Department, an incomprehensible blunder that will cripple the United States' international influence for years to come. And then there's their peculiar fondness for authoritarian leaders, their susceptibility to whatever self-serving blandishments they offer their vulnerable ego, and their refusal to take responsibility for just about anything. In Trump's Oval Office, the buck always stops somewhere else.
But I'm not here to dish more criticism; I'm here to help. As bad as Trump's first six months have been, there are a number of major foreign-policy blunders they haven't made yet and for which we should therefore be grateful. Unfortunately, there are also signs he's contemplating several of them, and plunging ahead may look more tempting as their political fortunes erode. The more desperate they get, the more they may be inclined to divert attention from their incompetence here at home by stirring up trouble somewhere else.
As a public service, therefore, I offer here my top five foreign-policy blunders Trump hasn't made yet (but still might).
1: War with North Korea. Dealing with North Korea's nuclear arsenal and missile development program is a real challenge, and there's no clear and obvious step that would make it go away. Thus far, however, Trump's approach has been ignorant, impulsive and counterproductive. First they declared he'd never let North Korea test another ICBM, tweeting in January “It won't happen!” Well, I guess we can consider that bluff called. Despite the quick tutorial they received at Mar-a-Lago from Chinese President Xi Jinping, he's continued to blame China for not “solving” this issue, as if they still expect Beijing to sacrifice its own interests in order to gratify ours. Trump has also mishandled relations with South Korea, making bellicose statements on trade, demanding that Seoul pay for the THAAD deployment we had previously negotiated, and giving new South Korea President Moon Jae-in even more reason to be skeptical about the whole U.S.-South Korean alliance.
Here's the problem: The United States could in theory launch airstrikes against North Korea's launch facilities, thereby delaying the development of an ICBM that could reliably reach the United States. But Pyongyang is unlikely to absorb a U.S. attack and do nothing in response. The worse case, of course, is a rapid escalation to all-out war, which could leave the South Korean capital of Seoul in ruins and might even drag China into the fray. But even if North Korea didn't escalate that much, Kim Jong-un would almost certainly try to inflict significant costs of some kind on South Korea, if only to drive home the lesson that the United States was all-too-willing to sacrifice South Korean lives today in order to ward off a hypothetical danger to Americans tomorrow. It's hard to think of any development that would be more likely to sever the U.S.-South Korean alliance, thereby undermining the U.S. position in Asia even more. And if you were Xi Jinping and hoping to drive the United States out of Asia altogether, such a development would be most gratifying indeed.
The good news is that the United States and its allies have a familiar alternative: deterrence. It would obviously be better if North Korea did not have nuclear weapons or long-range missiles, but deterrence worked against Stalin, Khrushchev, Brezhnev, Mao, and a number of other supposedly “irrational” and brutal leaders. The United States has thousands of nuclear weapons, and it has shown a clear willingness to strike back hard when its territory is attacked. Look at how it responded after Pearl Harbor and 9/11. There's no reason to think Kim Jong-un is suicidal — on the contrary, self-preservation seems to be their top priority — and firing a nuclear bomb at the United States (or even one of its allies) is the best way to guarantee their own prompt demise.
To repeat: North Korea is a vexing problem with no ideal answers, but going to war would make a bad situation worse.
2: Destroying the nuclear deal with Iran. During the 2016 campaign, Trump repeatedly referred to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) with Iran as a “disaster” and the “worst deal ever negotiated.” He's continued to rail against it ever since, abetted by the usual suspects at AIPAC, the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, and self-interested allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. (The willingness of Congress to go along with additional sanctions — in an obvious bow to our old friend the Israel lobby — hasn't helped). Trump has grudgingly acknowledged Iran is in fact abiding by the deal but they still seem eager to find some way to blow it up, even in the face of united opposition from their top national security advisors.
To paraphrase Talleyrand, this step would be worse than a crime, it would be a blunder. The other signatories to the JCPOA won't go along with the United States, which means there's no chance of reimposing the stiff global sanctions that helped persuade Iran to sign the deal in the first place. (Sanctions would “snap back” if Iran did violate the deal, but not if Washington reneges.) European, Russian, and Chinese companies will make lots of money trading and investing with Iran while U.S. firms are shut out, and China's influence in the region will likely grow. Iran's hard-liners will be strengthened, and all the more so if the United States tries to get back into the foolish business of “regime change.” Indeed, there's no better way to put Iran back on the road to an actual nuclear weapon than to start dangling that particular possibility again.
What Trump may not understand is that this step will eventually leave the United States with only two realistic options: 1) acquiescing to an Iranian bomb or 2) launching a preventive war. (Fantasists continue to dangle “peaceful” regime change in Iran as some sort of third option, but this is wholly unlikely and is used merely to justify additional sanctions and thwart intelligence efforts to resolve our differences with Tehran.)
My concern, of course, is that Trump might conclude that a quick Middle East war would provide a temporary distraction from the Russia investigation, the chaos in the White House, and their stillborn legislative agenda. They might even convince themselves that this would be a decisive act of leadership that would bolster their approval ratings the same way their cruise missile strikes on Syria did. He's wrong: Sowing more carnage in the region is hardly in America's interest and any boost they might get in approval will dissipate quickly. Has everyone forgotten how well our little adventures in Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Somalia, and Afghanistan went?
3: Starting a trade war. Protectionism has been a key part of Trump's platform since their first involvement in politics, and loud denunciations of “bad deals” were staple ingredients of their campaign rallies. This same knee-jerk hostility to open trade also underlay their rejection of TPP and their criticisms of NAFTA and the free trade agreement with South Korea. Apart from a mostly symbolic action on softwood lumber, however, Trump has thus far refrained from imposing significant trade sanctions. Nor has they delivered on the earlier promise to “tear up” NAFTA; instead, they now say it will simply be renegotiated.
Nonetheless, there are a number of big-time protectionists in key positions in the administration, and Trump has continued to hint that they would like to play hardball with the countries they (falsely) believes are “stealing American jobs.” They recently said that tariffs on imported steel could be imposed “soon,” a step Dan Drezner rightly termed “the trifecta of counterproductive policy measures.” The world economy is doing better but is hardly in robust, good shape; a round of reciprocal, tit-for-tat trade restrictions is the last thing anybody needs right now. But can one be confident Trump won't eventually go this route, either as a result of deliberate calculation or idle whim?
4: Doubling down in Afghanistan. Trump's most appealing position during the campaign was their unequivocal opposition to “nation-building,” to include America's quixotic sixteen-year quest to achieve “victory” in Afghanistan. They haven't become an enthusiastic convert to this particular folly but their views seem to be wobbling, and they may eventually approve the military commanders' requests to send a few thousand more troops there to stave off complete defeat.
Such a decision might not be as catastrophic as letting the Iran deal lapse or bombing North Korea, but it would still be a blunder. As I've argued before, adding a few thousand more troops to the Afghan mess will cost money and lives but is unlikely to alter the ultimate outcome. Get real, folks: The United States is not going to determine Afghanistan's fate, whether it adds 5,000, 10,000, or 100,000 more troops or stays there five, 10, or 20 more years. Rather, the fate of that unhappy country will be determined by its own people, and to some extent by its immediate neighbors — not by a war-weary superpower from the other side of the world for whom Afghanistan's fate is hardly vital. If Trump accepts the generals' advice, he'll be making the same mistake their predecessor did.
5. Arming Ukraine. Having mismanaged the Russia portfolio through a combination of naivete, incompetence, and the inability to tell a straight story, Trump and their intimate associates have had to reluctantly accept a new round of congressional sanctions on Russia. Instead of working things out with Putin to our mutual benefit, relations with Moscow are even worse than they would have been under Hillary Clinton (which is saying something). So now the Pentagon and State Department (or what's left of it) have reportedly recommended that the United States provide a boatload of new armaments to the Ukrainian government.
I've cautioned against this step in the past, and I see no reason to change my position now. The mess in Ukraine arose from a misguided effort to pull Ukraine into Western economic institutions (via the European Union accession agreement), raising legitimate fears in Russia that NATO membership was next. In a brutal but predictable move the Obama administration should have anticipated, Russia thwarted this effort by seizing Crimea and backing separatist movements in eastern Ukraine. The result has been a disaster for the Ukrainians and a blow to security in Europe.
Even so, arming Ukraine is not a good idea. Russia has no interest in trying to reincorporate Ukraine, because the last thing Putin needs is millions of unhappy Ukrainians under Moscow's rule. It does have an interest in keeping it neutral, however, and there is every reason to expect Moscow to double down if we arm Ukraine and the separatists start to lose ground. Russia is much weaker than we are, but they are also right next door and Ukraine's status matters a lot more to them than it does to us or even to most of Europe. (If you have trouble grasping that fact, just recall how quick the United States has been to intervene in places like Cuba, Mexico, Chile, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, and Nicaragua, whenever it didn't like political trends in these places.) The more help we send to Kiev, the more our reputation will be committed and the harder it will be to avoid the slippery slope of ever-deeper involvement.
To be sure, threatening to aid Ukraine might give Washington a bit more leverage in crafting a long-term settlement to this problem. If there was a serious negotiating effort underway, I might see this possibility as something to keep in our diplomatic toolkit. But that rationale would require having a secretary of state who took their job seriously and a president who understood the value of diplomacy. Until then, “first, do no harm” should be the rule of the day.
Avoiding these five blunders won't rescue Trump's presidency or reverse the decline in U.S. influence they have overseen. But there are hardly any situations in life that can't get worse, and we can only cling to the possibility Trump has the good sense not to pour more gasoline on their raging dumpster fire of a presidency. I only wish there were more evidence to justify that hope.
Photo credit: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Victorian Government defends use of train horns after late-night noise complaints
Posted
Trains must use their horns at all hours for safety reasons, the Victorian Government has said in response to complaints about noise from Melbourne residents living near tracks, as a 24-hour public transport trial begins.
A 12-month trial of 24-hour train services in Melbourne on the weekends has begun, but people living near tracks have complained that they are being kept awake by tooting horns.
A pamphlet has been distributed to homes in Northcote saying trains will be "blaring horns" up to five times every 30 minutes during the trial, and urging residents to contact the State Government if they "value weekend sleep".
Public Transport Minister Jacinta Allan said the trial would take on board the concerns raised by residents near train lines.
"It's a trial over the 12 months of 2016 and issues that have been identified around noise will need to be addressed through the trial," they said.
"I should note that trains already do run at all hours of the day and night - freight trains run through the night, and on a regular timetable trains run into the early morning.
"So this is not necessarily a new issue, but it's one that we can continue to pick up and evaluate as part of the night network trial."
But they said train drivers adhered to national standards and had to use their horns for safety reasons.
"There are really strong and stringent safety requirements around the use of train horns," they said.
"They're not just used willy-nilly; they're used for really strict safety reasons and safety guidelines and that needs to be considered.
"It's important to make sure that people in and around train stations, and along train lines, are aware of a moving train - you'd be amazed at the number of incidents and near misses that happen."
Train horns a 'health issue': Northcote resident
Northcote resident Harry Blutstein, who organised the petition, said they wrote to the Government in June, and only got a phone call in response last week.
Victoria's 24-hour public transport Trains leave Flinders Street Station every hour
Trams operate every 30 minutes on routes 19, 67, 75, 86, 96 and 109
V/Line coaches depart from Southern Cross Station at 2:00am for Bendigo, Ballarat, Traralgon and Geelong
"They said they'll have a consultation afterwards and they'll get feedback, so for the next 12 months, we've basically got to take it, and then we complain, which is crazy," they said.
Mr Blutstein said the horns were a health and safety issue.
"If you speak to Public Transport Victoria they say it's a safety issue and we don't compromise on safety, in a way I don't argue with that but it's also a health issue. If you're not sleeping, that's affecting your health," they said.
"If you're a truck driver or you're working machinery and you're turning up at work tired, that's dangerous, so health and safety isn't just warning cars, there are other implications."
They said they were a regular user of the train and supported the Government's move to expand the service.
"[We] do live next do a train line, and I accept that, that's why we live here because we use the trains all the time, and I'm certainly not critical of the Government expanding the service.
"My argument is there's most probably an overuse of the horn. The rules that the train drivers follow are very, very old rules, and public transport Victoria are just not interested in reviewing them ... to try to reduce the impact."
They called on PTV to introduce quiet zones similar to those used in the United States.
But Public Transport Victoria's Jeroen Weimar said the zones were unsuitable for Melbourne.
"We are looking at international experience and looking at options we can deploy in Melbourne, [but] we have to recognise that Melbourne has a very open railway system," they said.
"There are a lot of crossings, a lot of unguarded crossings and unfortunately we do see people trespassing a long the railway lines, particularly at night, so we do need to have some way for drivers to warn people that they're coming."
Topics: urban-development-and-planning, community-and-society, state-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, northcote-3070
Last month being Pride Month, several articles regarding what parents should say when their child comes out to them were published. In general, I think they had really great advice that basically boiled down to this: Don't be an asshole. And that's generally good advice for any situation, and something I try to remember every time I see my in-laws. However, as parents, I think we should do a lot better.
So here are some helpful hints for supporting your gay child before they ever come out to you. After all, parenting gay kids does not start when they come out. They've been gay since day one, whether you knew it or not.
1. Acknowledge that your child could be gay.
Any child born to any parent or adopted into any family could be gay. Why? Because they are human beings, and some humans are gay. That's just a fact. And not acknowledging it doesn't do anyone any favors.
2. Show your child that people being gay is A-OK with you.
Talking to your children is always good. I recommend it. Tell your children you believe in equality for all people. But talking can only do so much. Actions speak more loudly than words. Some examples of actions:
Take you family to Pride. You don't have to be gay to participate in Pride events. At Pride, your child can see all different types of families, and your child can see you being an advocate just by showing up.
Donate to the Trevor Project, HRC, PFLAG or another LGBT organization with your child. Talk to them about why it is important to support organizations that promote equality and the equal treatment of all people.
Enjoy other LGBT events. Maybe your city has a chorus, a band, or art exhibits that involve the LGBT community. You can educate your kids and give them some culture. Double win!
3. Don't lie about the people in your child's life.
If you child has a favorite pair of gay uncles or aunts who live together and love one another, there is no shame in explaining the nature of their relationship to your kids. In my experience, kids get that people love each other. They don't think it's weird or wrong, unless they are taught it's weird and wrong. And you aren't teaching them about sex. It's about love. It's easy to say, "Toby and Sam love each other just like Mommy and Daddy do." Love is a good thing.
4. Dress up your car in equality.
Due to the multitudes of bumper stickers available, there are thousands of ways to express yourself. It can be as simple as a blue equal symbol, or maybe a sticker that says, "Hate is not a family value." My car is currently sporting one that says, "I Heart Equality." It's an easy way to show where you stand on the issue.
5. Watch your mouth.
Words and expressions like "faggot," "dyke," "fairy," "lesbo," "that's so gay," etc., are harmful. Don't try to fool yourself by thinking they aren't. Eliminate hate speech from your vocabulary. It is demeaning, and as a parent, you shouldn't be OK with demeaning your own child.
6. Speak up.
If people are being homophobic jerks and you say nothing, that sends a definitive message, and not a good one. Open your mouth and call people out on their hate. Is it always comfortable? No. But a gay child needs to see their parents defending them, whether they have come out or not.
7. Let your kid be themselves.
Do you have a son who lives for musical theater and Project Runway? Great. Do you have a daughter who thinks dresses were invented by the devil? Great. Do either of these things mean your kid is gay? Of course not. But by supporting them, you are showing your child that they are perfect and loved just the way they are.
8. Listen to your kids.
If your kid tells you they have a crush on someone of the same gender, let them. Don't freak out or jump to conclusions or tell them that they can't have such a crush. Lots of kids who have same-sex crushes aren't gay, but some of them are. Whatever your child is feeling is real and important. And little-kid crushes are adorable. Enjoy the adorableness. The rest will come in time. (Although it may happen sooner than you think.)
9. Fill in the gaps in your library.
Books like And Tango Makes Three by Peter Parnell, The Family Book by Todd Parr, and My Princess Boy by Cheryl Kilodavis and Suzanne DeSimone, just to name a few, can bring diversity into your house in fun and colorful ways that kids love. They can help teach that all different types of people and families are beautiful and worth celebrating.
10. Love your kids.
Loving your kids is the number-one job and responsibility of every parent. We chose to be parents. It's one of the most wonderful, fabulous, frustrating, and rewarding roles in the world. It is our privilege to be someone's mom or dad. And it's a privilege that shouldn't be taken for granted.
If parents do some of these things, then when a child does come out, hopefully it won't be with fear and trepidation that you will reject them. It will simply be your child telling you something important about themselves. And if your kid is straight, you've taught them great lessons about equality. There's no harm. After all, our kids our going to be who they are. Nothing you do or say can change that. But as parents, we can affect the way our children see themselves. I want my kids to know they are amazing.
Shrinkzxo Profile Joined August 2014 Dotoland 268 Posts #1
}"></span></div>
Q: For Victoria: Recent patches gave more jungle resource and buffed jungling heroes like Chen and Enchantress. Have you considered playing those heroes? After all Aui and Zai are very good at playing them. You will have an advantage playing against foreign teams if you can play these heroes.
A: I will play these heores if the team require me to.
Q: For Chinese Cabbage (Victoria): How did you adjust during the half a year where you went from a 5 player to a 4 player? Also, why the same hero would have very different tempo?
A: Tempo sometimes depends on how on form you are, how well you are playing with your teammates and how well you opponents are playing with each other.
Q: Ask V-God: How can I become a good Earth Spirit player?
A: Just watch, learn, and practise as much as you can. Watch ahfu-God's replays as much as possible!
Q: Victoria should practise more Io. Feels it will be explosive if you play Io to support Ame and Maybe. Didn't you play that hero before?
A: We did practise Io. We will pick it when it is suitable.
Q: Do you have any very gay atmosphere inside the team?
Yao: Maybe and Victoria wears Couple Shoes haven't you noticed?
Victoria:...........
Q: For eleven: What do you want to say about being the player who spends the most time at the fountain?
A: I am afraid of myself when I started feeding.
Q: For eleven: Are you a guy who gets calmer when you get more nervous? Can you share your mood and the drama inside you when you play Earthshaker?
A: I play in the same mood as I practise. I just feel I am such a good Earthshaker player when I play him.
Q: For eleven, who is the offlaner on best form in China right now.
A: Must be the Boss (Inflame)
Q: Stats show that eleven spent more time at fountain than anyone else. Were you thinking about tactics and giving instructions?
A: What is wrong with giving instructions from the fountain?
Q: M-Emperor, when will you resume streaming?
A: After TI.
Q: For Maybe, how did you manage to adjust from the time when everybody seems to have no idea what to do? Also do you practise with LFY most of the time?
A: We arranged the training camp at an Internet cafe, where you got really good atmosphere. And our form came up along with it. Training more depends on how the Leader negotiated; LFY is also one of our competitors so our practising partner wouldn't be just them.
Q: Why did Maybe change their ID to the one they used on 11?
LGD staffer: The joke is it is because of feng shui. According to DD it is too unauspicious.
Maybe: Just want to change my mood. Also to remind oneself not to forget where one's heart was.
Q: For Yao: What do you think LGD can improve on before heading to TI? Also, what result do you expect?
A: We can play a lot of systems but we are not that good at some of them. We hope for Top 3 at TI!
Q: For Yao: Xiao8 has been very caring for LGD when it comes to a critical juncture. A lot of times they will go to LGD HQ to give advice. What do you think about the advice they gave? Do you take it and reflect on it?
A: Xiao8 and I have been very good friends. He's also a great help for us.
Q: For Yao: I saw a stat the other day saying you are player who got solo-killed the most during MDL. How do you deal with that kind of situation?
A: Sometimes you talk a lot with your teammates and forget to click buttons for yourself. I will pay more attention to that.
Q: What does Yao think about the Chinese reshuffle after TI7? Will it get harder for new players to come out? Will it be the case that a bunch of high MMR players will make up a team?
A: I'm not sure what effect it will have. We now joke the daily greeting among pros will be to ask what each other's MMR is.
Q: For Ame: You are very taciturn and you are the calmest after you have qualified for TI. But is that a change for you to say ‘pick AM, I can win this' at MDL?
A: I guess it is just my teammates trusting me.
Q: Who does Ame think the true carry of LGD is? You or Maybe?
A: It is Victoria.
Q: Ame why do you like buying MoM so much?
A: It is a strong item at the moment. Makes you farm and move faster. Also they will fear you more if you've used it!
Q: Question for Victoria, Do you feel any pressure when playing the support role knowing that if you make too many mistakes it could cost the team a game?
A: I'm kind of nervous in finals, but my teammates always trust and encourage me. My team is awesome and the help me out.
Q: Maybe what is your opinion on fighting other strong teams?
A: We just focus on our own strategy and play tightly as a team.
Q: For Maybe. If you had to pick a player to 1v1 who would you choose and why?
A: Abed.  They are a very talented player and is the first one to reach 10k which makes me want to have a try.
Q: Maybe, how long will you stay in the competitive scene? How do you see Chinese dota vs EU dota?
A: As long as I can play. Chinese dota best dota!
Q: Ame if there is a 1v1 tournament at TI will you join?
A: I will play if Valve asks me to do so.
Source:
Translator: Shrinkzxo .teambox { width: 150px; margin: auto; display: inline-block; float: left; min-height: 150px; margin: 2%; vertical-align: middle; } .teamimg { width: 100%; height: 100%; vertical-align: middle; } .clear { clear: both; } Community Q&A
with LGD A: I will play these heores if the team require me to.A: Tempo sometimes depends on how on form you are, how well you are playing with your teammates and how well you opponents are playing with each other.A: Just watch, learn, and practise as much as you can. Watch ahfu-God's replays as much as possible!A: We did practise Io. We will pick it when it is suitable.Yao: Maybe and Victoria wears Couple Shoes haven't you noticed?Victoria:...........A: I am afraid of myself when I started feeding.A: I play in the same mood as I practise. I just feel I am such a good Earthshaker player when I play him.A: Must be the Boss (Inflame)A: What is wrong with giving instructions from the fountain?A: After TI.A: We arranged the training camp at an Internet cafe, where you got really good atmosphere. And our form came up along with it. Training more depends on how the Leader negotiated; LFY is also one of our competitors so our practising partner wouldn't be just them.LGD staffer: The joke is it is because of feng shui. According to DD it is too unauspicious.Maybe: Just want to change my mood. Also to remind oneself not to forget where one's heart was.A: We can play a lot of systems but we are not that good at some of them. We hope for Top 3 at TI!A: Xiao8 and I have been very good friends. He's also a great help for us.A: Sometimes you talk a lot with your teammates and forget to click buttons for yourself. I will pay more attention to that.A: I'm not sure what effect it will have. We now joke the daily greeting among pros will be to ask what each other's MMR is.A: I guess it is just my teammates trusting me.A: It is Victoria.A: It is a strong item at the moment. Makes you farm and move faster. Also they will fear you more if you've used it!A: I'm kind of nervous in finals, but my teammates always trust and encourage me. My team is awesome and the help me out.A: We just focus on our own strategy and play tightly as a team.A: Abed.  They are a very talented player and is the first one to reach 10k which makes me want to have a try.A: As long as I can play. Chinese dota best dota!A: I will play if Valve asks me to do so.Source: http://dota2.sgamer.com/news/201707/167415.html Translator: Shrinkzxo Translator https://twitter.com/shrinkzxo
In late 2016, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) released its first all-in-one desktop computer lineup known as the Surface Studio. The systems represent essentially ultra-premium Windows-based all-in-one computers with price tags to match (the systems start at $2,999 and go up from there).
At the price points Microsoft is asking, these systems were never going to be particularly high-volume products. However, per a recent report from DigiTimes, demand for these systems is better than expected.
30,000 in the fourth quarter of 2016
The report claims that initial unit shipment estimates for the Surface Studio systems during the fourth quarter of 2016 were just 15,000 due to their high price points. However, DigiTimes says that shipments "may reach 30,000 units based on orders," citing "Taiwan-based supply chain makers."
For the first quarter of 2017, DigiTimes says, again citing those supply chain sources, Microsoft "has ordered 30,000 units to be shipped in the first quarter of 2017."
Some perspective
In terms of the overall desktop personal computer market, it doesn't look like the Surface Studio is capturing much unit share. For example, DigiTimes says that Apple ships between 3.5 million and 4 million iMac computers (all-in-one PCs) per year, and is the second largest all-in-one vendor after personal computer giant Lenovo.
At a run-rate of around 30,000 units per quarter -- or approximately 120,000 units per year -- Microsoft's share of the worldwide all-in-one desktop computer market, let alone the worldwide desktop computer market, just doesn't look like it'll be all that high.
As far as the potential financial impact to Microsoft is concerned, even if we assume Surface Studio average selling prices of around $3,500 across 120,000 units, Microsoft is potentially looking at $420 million in incremental annual revenue.
That's certainly not bad, but considering that Microsoft is expected to have generated about $94 billion in revenue during 2016 and is predicted to take in about $100 billion in 2017, that's just not a big deal to the software giant's financials.
Furthermore, it is likely that Microsoft's margins on the Surface Studio products are much lower than its corporate average (Microsoft is, after all, primarily a software company, and personal computer margins aren't generally all that high as the barrier to entry is so low). As a result, the gross profit/operating profit contribution from such system sales is likely to be much lower than the revenue contribution to Microsoft.
Over time, if Microsoft can ramp shipments significantly from current levels, then it could become much more interesting. However, the market for such highly priced personal computers is necessarily small, and it wouldn't be a surprise to see Microsoft's partners ramp up their efforts in the ultra-premium all-in-one PC market in a bid to protect their share in this market.
Investment takeaway
With its home-grown notebooks, tablets, and all-in-one desktops, Microsoft's hardware division is clearly trying to open some easy revenue streams by capturing some share in the large (albeit shrinking) personal computer market.
It's not a bad strategy for Microsoft, as it's all pretty much upside for the company (assuming that the product development costs aren't out of hand), but it comes at the expense of revenue and profit dollars that would otherwise be going to its partners in the personal computer ecosystem.
October, 2014, has seen unprecedented deployment of both US and British military personnel to support the efforts in west Africa against the Ebola crisis. Up to 4000 US troops could be deployed in Liberia as part of Operation United Assistance. The British Army commenced Operation Gritrock with the departure of a medical team on Oct 16 to Sierra Leone. “This unit has been the Vanguard medical regiment for the past 20 months which means we are on high readiness to deploy at short notice to anywhere in the world”, said Lieutenant Colonel Alison McCourt from 22 Field Hospital in Aldershot. This capacity to rapidly assemble highly trained personnel experienced in operating in extreme and dangerous conditions is just one factor that makes the military well suited to respond in such humanitarian crises, along with resources, expertise in logistics, transportation, and command and control.
Although countries like the UK and Australia contribute to humanitarian missions, by far the bulk of global support comes from the USA. Involvement of US military personnel in global health activities has increased substantially during the past decade, according to a report published on Oct 8 by the Center for Strategic and International Studies. The report, entitled Global Health Engagement: Sharpening a Key Tool for the Department of Defense, highlights the key role that the military health system could play in “the nation's health, diplomacy and development goals”, but also criticises previous activities in global health engagement carried out by the US Department of Defense (DoD).
Much of this criticism focuses on the poor coordination of DoD efforts alongside other civilian agencies, which still provide the vast majority of humanitarian global aid. Before the Ebola effort, DoD spending on global health engagement was estimated at US$600 million, compared with $9 billion from civilian agencies. The report describes an ad-hoc short-term focus, and accuses the DoD's global health efforts of poor appreciation of local cultural norms, little high-level oversight, and failure to properly assess effectiveness. However, the report acknowledges that since 2010, when a mandate for “promoting global health” was introduced into the US National Security Strategy, substantial developments have occurred in internal organisation, quality control, and inter-agency coordination. Specific examples include the formation of the new military position of DoD's global health engagement coordinator and efforts to undertake extensive outreach to civilian agencies.
The DoD has also released a report which discusses the increasing demands on the DoD to provide humanitarian assistance as a consequence of climate change. The report 2014 Climate Change Adaptation Roadmap describes climate change as a “threat multiplier”, with the potential to exacerbate existing challenges to US national security. This is the first report from the DoD that acknowledges that climate change-related global extreme weather events are already creating unstable conditions that affect national security, creating demands for more frequent disaster relief because of hunger, poverty, conflict, and population displacement.
The stated aims of the DoD have moved from just protecting the health of US forces and US citizens from security threats to “partnering with other nations to achieve security cooperation and build partner capacity”. But this concept reflects the challenges posed by placing military personnel in sites of public health emergencies: the goals of deployments are in support of military strategy rather than as a purely humanitarian action. The use of the military for humanitarian operations is not militarily, politically, or legally neutral. Peacekeeping with combat troops has often proved to be a complicated arrangement and at times at odds with humanitarian needs and sometimes a precursor to hostility.
The 2007 UN Oslo Guidelines clearly state that military assets should only be used as a last resort in situations where “there is no comparable civilian alternative…to meet a critical humanitarian need”—a position reinforced by AJP-9, NATO's doctrine on civil military cooperation. This situation is clearly the case with the Ebola epidemic, the scale and severity of which has outstripped the capacity of the humanitarian global health community. But should this involvement challenge the current position on military involvement in humanitarian catastrophes or prompt us to strengthen civilian global health systems?
As the DoD has recognised, the security of one nation's citizens is inextricably linked to others through both global health and climate change. Therefore, the military seem set to play a greater part in global civilian health in the future. The question is what should this role look like in the 21st century?
Copyright © 2014 Stocktrek Images/Corbis
Article Info Publication History Identification DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(14)61923-1 Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ScienceDirect Access this article on ScienceDirect
TAMPA — University Mall has unveiled the two restaurants that will open this fall, a piece of a renovation that has been in the works for more than a year.
RD Management LLC, which owns the mall, announced Wednesday that construction is under way for Portillo's, a Chicago-style restaurant chain, and Miller's Ale House, a casual bar and restaurant.
Previous coverage: Tampa's University Mall to get major facelift, new anchors and restaurants
"The addition of Portillo's and Miller's Ale House, two popular restaurants, are the next step in the redevelopment of this property to become a mixed-use hub for the region," Roger Hirschhorn, senior vice president of RD Management, wrote in a statement. The company bought the mall in December 2014.
University Mall, on E Fowler Avenue near the University of South Florida campus, is also home to Studio Movie Grill, Sears, Dillard's, Macy's and Burlington Coat Factory.
So this is finally done - or done-ish. This has been the long standing project I've been working on for the past month or so. I might add a few more set dressing pieces but so far - this is finished.This idea came to me after I spent a weekend reading Game of Thrones and working at a con surrounded by My Little Pony related stuff.So here we have, the much abbreviated cast of A Song of Fire and Ice. Sorry if I missed anyone's favorite characters.Okay the line up is as follows :Littlefinger and Varys are on either side of the throne,Melisandre is the red unicorn, Stannis, Brienne, Joffery, Jaime, The Hound, Davos, Bran, Hodor, Renly (in the green armor), Margaery, Tommen, Cersei, Myrcella Catelyn, Ned, Robb, Sansa, Loras, Tyrion (small, slightly darker red pony), Sam (green and grey cloak), Jon, Maester Aemon (old pony guy) Rickon, Arya, Khal Drogo, Dany & Robert (Sir not appearing in this film) makes an appearance as an urn on the throne.Now available on Redbubble as prints, posters, and cards.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) is defending Stephen Bannon's prominent role in the Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE White House, urging people to give the former Breitbart News executive a chance.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bannon's appointment to serve as President-elect Trump's chief strategist has been met with harsh criticism from Democrats. Republicans have rushed to Bannon's defense to counter the characterization of them as a white nationalist.
“I've met him. I don't think he's a caricature of any of these horrible things the left is bringing out about him,” Paul told CNN's Wolf Blitzer in a Tuesday interview.
“I don't believe them to be a racist,” they continued. “I think that's a lot of just sour grapes. Let's give the guy a chance; let's see how they perform.”
Paul made news earlier Tuesday for vocally opposing the idea of Trump appointing John Bolton as secretary of State.
Paul said Bolton, the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, hasn't learned any lessons from the Iraq invasion and is closer to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE than Trump on many foreign policy issues.
Live maps of the legend of Zelda a link to the past and Zelda DX. They're available for download or watch online.
Bellow you can find quick information about how the maps were done.
Enjoy!
The live maps can be found on Youtube.
HTML5 allows to create animations without installing any plugin in your internet browser but it requires programming skills. All the live maps were done thanks to JavaScript.
JadsdsEngine is a collection of JavaScript functions that allow you to create animations using friendly tags like in HTML. All these tags are stored in an XML file that will be used to build the animation. Please check the next examples.
<frames> <frame> <fileName>soldierbwalk1.png</fileName> </frame> <frame> <fileName>soldierbwalk2.png</fileName> </frame> <frame> <fileName>soldierbwalk3.png</fileName> </frame> <frame> <fileName>soldierbwalk4.png</fileName> </frame> </frames>
A basic animated object, the tags used are quite simple to understand.
<moveAnimation> <iniLeft>0</iniLeft> <maxLeft>134</maxLeft> <pixelsMoveLeft>2</pixelsMoveLeft> <pixelsMoveTop>0</pixelsMoveTop> </moveAnimation>
You can include movement using the tag “moveAnimation”.
<events> <event> <eventType>MoveAnimationMaxLeftReached</eventType> <eventActions> <eventAction>FlipImage</eventAction> </eventActions> </event> <event> <eventType>MoveAnimationMaxRightReached</eventType> <eventActions> <eventAction>FlipImage</eventAction> </eventActions> </event> </events>
Capture events allow you change the object behavior. Here the events “MoveAnimationMaxLeftReached and MoveAnimationMaxRightReached” are triggered when “moveAnimation” reaches it limits, thereby the action “FlipImage” is called.
JadsdsEngine has more than 100 tags, it would be completely crazy trying to learn everything. The best you can do is check the live maps, find something similar to what you have in mind and copy and paste the code in your animation.
Zelda live maps are using almost all the tags available, just copy and paste what you need.
Check the main website for documentation and more examples.
Lock the Gate is a loose national umbrella group which has staged demonstrations and rallies across the country, urging farmers to refuse to give coal seam gas companies access to their properties.
Mr Pratzky, from the rural-residential estates near Tara in Queensland, in the middle of a QGC coal seam gas field, recalls first meeting Mr Ainsworth and asking: ''Mate, I'm wanting to know what you're getting out of this?'' They said: ''I wanted service stations to get in on this gas boom, but there's money and there's crime, and this is a crime. I don't want to make money off it. I want to help you.''
Mr Ainsworth, who also paid for Mr Pratzky's defence when they were charged with public nuisance, said both their parents had turned up to Lock the Gate fund-raisers and their mother - with whom they co-owns a property near Bowral, an area threatened by coal seam gas development - had donated $20,000. Otherwise their activities were conducted independently of the family. ''We're still worth a couple of billion dollars and we're probably untouchable, unless we do something wrong,'' Mr Ainsworth said.
''If we do something wrong, we're fair game. I know if I put my foot wrong and I do something wrong I get my ass on fire.
''But I guess you don't mess with people unless you feel they deserve it and I think the CSG industry deserves it. Maybe I just had a big fight in me, that I wanted to have.''
Ainsworth and Hutton have had their moments, too. During one confrontation, according to Ainsworth: ''I said to Drew, 'Are you running a Green agenda behind the scenes?' and Drew said, 'No, but I do talk to my Green friends'. And I said, 'Drew, if you're f---ing well running a Green agenda behind the scenes, I'm out of here, you'll never hear from me again, and that'll be the end of it'. They said, 'Are you threatening me?' and I said, 'Drew, I'm not threatening you, I just want you to play it straight because I'm putting my heart and soul into this'. Drew said, 'I'm not, I give you my word I'm not'.''
Syracuse, N.Y. — The family of Parker Cantey, a former Syracuse football linebacker who passed away this week, plans to donate their brain for research.
Parker Cantey's father, Ray, said Thursday the family intends to donate the brain to the Concussion Legacy Foundation in Boston, where it will be tested for chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), a degenerative brain disease caused by repeated trauma that has been found in dozens of former football players across all levels.
"I was watching some of the things with these other football players, even though they were on the professional level, just to see what kind of effect it will have on a person," Ray Cantey said. "You get hit out there, and you get hit and you get hit."
Ray Cantey said Parker suffered a Grade 3 concussion during a high school game in which they were taken to the hospital. A Grade 3 concussion is classified as severe and involves loss of consciousness.
Cantey's father did not know if Parker suffered any concussions during their three years at Syracuse or during their time playing semi-pro football in Brooklyn after they left the university in 2009.
Parker Cantey, 28, died Tuesday. They were found unconscious by the mother of their 2-year-old daughter in their Brooklyn residence. Parker had been dealing with a headache and back pain before their passing, according to the family. An autopsy report is pending.
They played at Syracuse from 2006-08, redshirting as a first-year student and playing mostly as a reserve. They made 39 tackles (two for loss) in 23 games.
Funeral information was also released Thursday:
Where: Lawrence H. Woodward Funeral Home: 1 Troy Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11213
When: Viewing will be held 2-7 p.m. Feb. 25; service will be held 10 a.m. Feb. 26.
Contact Nate Mink anytime: 315-430-8253 | Email | Twitter | Facebook | Google+
Sara Hare
Daniel Wright (left) and Earl Brown in their West Oakland facility.
Wright & Brown Distilling
Luke Tsai
Barley from the Mattole Valley.
It's sweltering hot inside this nondescript warehouse building in West Oakland, and for the fifth or sixth time in the past twenty minutes, Daniel Wright hands me a glass tumbler full of freshly distilled brandy and asks me what I think. What I'm thinking about,, is how to take as tiny a sip as possible so my throat doesn't burn too badly, and I don't have another coughing fit and lose face in front of this burly, thickly bearded tugboat-captain-turned-distiller-of-craft-spirits.Also, as the afternoon wears on: that this brandy doesn't taste half bad.Later, I was told the liquor I took progressively tinier sips of had historic significance: It was what Wright and business partner Earl Brown believe to be the very first batch of brandy — or any craft spirit, for that matter — to be legally distilled in Oakland since the onset of Prohibition.The two entrepreneurs are childhood friends who grew up in the same remote section of Humboldt County, and they're the proprietors of Wright & Brown Distilling , a new distillery that they say is the first one to open in Oakland in nearly a century. Even though their still was producing brandy — a relatively low-risk product to make while Wright, the head distiller, is getting a feel for their equipment, because all that's required is a supply of inexpensive wine — during my visit, their plan is to primarily manufacture whiskeys.The centerpiece of their West Oakland facility is an old-fashioned copper still that was hand-built by Vendome , a one-hundred-plus-year-old company based in Louisville, Kentucky. It's a gorgeous piece of machinery, all burnished metal, analog dials, and ancient-looking little portals, like some gadget out of a Jules Verne novel. And that's fitting because Wright and Brown talk about wanting to produce craft spirits in a decidedly old-school way.Brown said they remember a trip, years ago, when they and Wright visited the Jim Beam factory in Kentucky and saw the company's 65-foot-tall still, with every possible variable monitored via computer screens in an air-conditioned control room. At Wright & Brown, distilling brandy or whiskey appears to be as much art as science. Wright can manipulate the temperature of the brandy he's distilling, but ultimately, they said, their palate is their most important piece of equipment. Hence, the constant tasting and re-tasting of each batch.“When you make something good, it is art,” they said.According to Brown and Wright, the reason that Oakland has yet to develop a vibrant craft-distilling scene, despite a steady proliferation of craft breweries and boutique urban wineries, mostly has to do with the challenging regulatory environment throughout California. Generally speaking, it's very difficult to evenhow to distill whiskey and other spirits in the United States, because, unlike with winemaking or beer brewing, it isn't something that amateurs can experiment with, legally, in their garage or basement, unless they obtain the same kind of federal and state permits that a gigantic company like Jim Beam has. That's a costly and time-consuming process — Brown said they waited about a year and a half — that basically makes it impossible for a hobbyist to dabble.What's more, California's strict restrictions on the sale of spirits set up a three-tier system that makes it difficult for a small-scale operator to profit. A company such as Wright & Brown has to go through a wholesale distributor, who then sells the product to restaurants and liquor stores, who, in turn, finally sell that bottle or shot of whiskey to the customer. A bill that Governor Jerry Brown signed into law in 2013 allows distilleries to sell small samples to customers onsite — a modest concession that Wright and Brown hope to take advantage of once they set up a licensed tasting room. But the ability to do direct sales of entire bottles, which would be the real game-changer, remains off-limits.Added to this is the fact that distilling spirits is the ultimate in “slow food,” with a barrel of craft whiskey typically needing to age at least three years — if not five or ten — before it becomes a viable product. “I always think of it as literally putting time in a bottle,” Wright said, describing the near-magical process by which a grain, fruit, or nut gets distilled down to its essence. That said, they expect that, by working in tiny batches, Wright & Brown will be able to start selling bottles of whiskey, brandy, and rum in as little as six months.But Brown believes that while they've tentatively laid claim on the title of “first,” there certainly will other distilleries coming to Oakland. Earlier this summer, the Uptown Oakland winery Two Mile Wines announced plans to launch a gin distillery, and Brown said that with the interest in locally produced craft foods and beverages higher than ever, it's only a matter of time before even more distillers set up shop — regulatory challenges be damned.Brown, for their part, already talks the talk of a slow food veteran. They said he's buying barley from a farm in the Mattole Valley, in the same Northern California small town where they grew up, and wants to use it to create a single-malt, “single origin” whiskey — to use the nomenclature of the third-wave coffee movement. They also want to work with local wineries to make special-label brandies that feature their respective wines.Walking me out, Brown gestured toward the surrounding neighborhood, with its vacant lots and barbed-wire fences, pointing out that this industrial stretch of West Oakland has increasingly become a kind of secret foodie neighborhood: Hodo Soy and OCHO Chocolate both have their manufacturing facilities nearby, and the folks at FuseBOX, the scrappy Korean restaurant down the street, are busy making dozens of varieties of kimchi at any given time.Like all of those enterprises, the Wright & Brown Distilling warehouse doesn't look like much from the outside. But its proprietors are hoping that a year or so from now, Bay Area whiskey connoisseurs will be awfully glad they're around.
Daring Fireball: An Ode to DiskWarrior, SuperDuper, and Dropbox
Hard drives are fragile. Read as much as you can bear to about how they work, how incredibly precisely they must operate in order to cram so many bits onto such small disks. It's a miracle to me that they work at all. Every hard drive in the world will eventually fail. Assume that yours are all on the cusp of failure at all times. It's good to be spooked about how long your hard drives will last.
John's article, advice, and success story about doing smart backup is exactly the reminder that a lot of people need to hear right this second. Because, it's impossible to overstate the importance of automated, redundant, and rotated backups. Trust me. You will need them all. Soon. Repeatedly. Forever. Always.
Worst of all, every stupid cliche about backup that currently makes you roll your eyes in exasperation will be visited upon you tenfold if you're not using some flavor of the anal-retentive system nerds like John and I live by. Because, unfortunately, most people you know (including me) have already repeatedly been struck by backup's biggest and most profound cliche:
Perform automated, redundant, and rotated backups as often as you can afford to lose every single bit of information that's been changed or added since your last backup. Because it's going to go away.
The Holy Trinity
Seriously:
If it's not automated, it's not a real backup.
If it's not redundant, it's not a real backup.
If it's not regularly rotated off-site, it's not a real backup.
Doing any one of these things by itself or in tandem produces "a copy." A copy is handy, and it may really save you, even a majority of the time. But, making casual copies is optimistic at best. Someday, you will need the benefits of all three layers, and you'll thank John, me, and your chosen $diety that you sweated all those years of monkey work and aggravation.
The Next Layer
I do have three suggestions to append to John's excellent setup:
Schedule Every Rotation; Then Do it . Peg your off-site rotation to a date-certain (like how you probably changed the 9-volt in your smoke alarm for Daylight Savings Time yesterday). I do my rotations within the first five days of each new month. So, yes, do automate the creation of backups, but then also do the physical rotation like you'd pay your mortgage. On time and without fail. 1
. Peg your off-site rotation to a date-certain (like how you probably changed the 9-volt in your smoke alarm for Daylight Savings Time yesterday). I do my rotations within the first five days of each new month. So, yes, do automate the creation of backups, but then also do the physical rotation like you'd pay your mortgage. On time and without fail. Make and Update Specialized Disk Images . If the photos of your baby, the videos of your wedding, or those gigs of torrented Radiohead MP3s you've hoarded mean anything to you, give them extra-special treatment. At least every six months or so, burn them all onto drive(s) and rotate them off-site too. Either stick them in a safe-deposit box, or, even better, burn a new DVD of your kid's progress every month, then mail it to the relatives. Distributed backup plus familial bonding = win/win.
. If the photos of your baby, the videos of your wedding, or those gigs of torrented Radiohead MP3s you've hoarded mean anything to you, give them extra-special treatment. At least every six months or so, burn them all onto drive(s) and rotate them off-site too. Either stick them in a safe-deposit box, or, even better, burn a new DVD of your kid's progress every month, then mail it to the relatives. Distributed backup plus familial bonding = win/win. Make and Update Multiple "Go-Sticks". Buy a bunch of good 4GB+ USB sticks and use them to hold 256-bit-encrypted sparsebundles of your "Holy Shit!" files. Keychains, 1Password files, bank account numbers, insurance records, etc. Anything you need to either start recovering from a catastrophe or go on the lam. Make multiples, schedule update reminders, swap them out in known locations, and, if you have the skillz, maybe set up an Automator script that automatically updates the contents of each drive whenever you plug the little buggers in.
You're so sick of hearing this: automated, redundant, and rotated.
The Godfather of Ass-Saving
Also, a second high-five for DiskWarrior. I can't count the number of times that this annoying, ugly, slow, and hard-to-use application has saved every last strip of my bacon. Like John says, yeah, start with Disk Utility, because it's got 90+% of the firepower needed to fix the disk problems you'll encounter this year. But, DiskWarrior will do everything right up to the impossible. And, again, yes: you will need it. I sure have.
Go. Do it. Now.
Backup is boring, it's tedious, and it's not cheap. But once you've had your ass handed to you by a badly-broken drive, you really get the importance of a zero-latency recovery. It's positively liberating.
But, for now, right this second: go Gmail your kid's baby pictures to yourself. Do it.
Nine Montgomery County High Schools in Top 20 of Washington Post's School Rankings
Winston Churchill in Potomac moved up to second on this year's list
By Aaron Kraut
Winston Churchill High School in Potomac MCPS
Nine high schools in Montgomery County, including eight schools in the county's public school system, were ranked in the top 20 of The Washington Post's 2016 list of the most challenging area high schools.
The rankings, composed by longtime Post education columnist Jay Mathews and released Sunday, assign a score to all high schools in the country based on all college-level tests given at a school in 2015 divided by the number of 2015 graduates from at that school.
The national and local rankings also list the percentage of 2015 graduates who passed at least one college-level test during their high school career and the percentage of students who qualify for lunch subsidy programs.
The top-ranked school in Montgomery County was Winston Churchill High School in Potomac, which came in second in the area behind Washington International, a private school in Washington, D.C.
Richard Montgomery High School in Rockville, home to the county public school system's first International Baccalaureate magnet program, was ranked fifth. Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School was ranked No. 8, Poolesville High School came in No. 9, Walt Whitman High School in Bethesda was No. 12, Quince Orchard High School in Gaithersburg was No. 13 and Walter Johnson High School in Bethesda was No. 15.
Thomas S. Wootton High School in Rockville was ranked 16th and Holton-Arms, an all-girls private school in Bethesda, ranked 18th.
The 2016 list marked a big improvement for Churchill, which was ranked 12th in the area last year using the same scoring mechanism. Churchill was ranked as the 88th best high school in the country this year, the best showing on the national list by a school in the county.
Richard Montgomery improved four spots in the local rankings from ninth in 2015 and Walt Whitman moved up 13 spots from No. 25 last year.
Stone Ridge School of the Sacred Heart, an all-girls private school in Bethesda, came in at No. 39 in this year's local rankings, followed by No. 41 Northwest in Germantown, No. 56 Sherwood in Sandy Spring, No. 57 Montgomery Blair in Silver Spring and No. 59 Rockville.
Nationally and internationally-recognized seismologists, geologists and engineers recommended Wednesday that a subway station in Century City should be built under the intersection of Constellation Boulevard and Avenue of the Stars to avoid two earthquake faults in the area.
Speaking to the Metro Board of Directors Planning Committee, experts also said that tunneling under parts of the Beverly Hills High School campus would not compromise the structural integrity of existing structures, interfere with future building plans or create perceptible noise or vibrations on school grounds.
“The Project is not expected to pose new threats to the students, faculty, or community as a result of its construction and operation,” states the Executive Summary of one of the two written reports by the experts on tunneling and seismic issues in the Beverly Hills, Century City and Westwood areas. The Executive Summaries can be viewed here and the PowerPoint presentation given to the Board committee here. Metro is working to get the full reports posted to this same website by tomorrow.
In addition, experts said that drilling and tests performed by Metro in the Beverly Hills, Century City and Westwood areas found less methane and hydrogen sulfide than along parts of the existing subway in downtown Los Angeles and other parts of the proposed line. Field work and research failed to detect any active or inactive oil wells on the school campus that would be in the path of potential subway tunnels.
The information contained in these reports will be used by Metro staff to develop their recommendation for a subway route and Century City station location as part of the Westside Subway Extension's Final Environmental Impact Statement/Report (Final EIS/EIR), which is scheduled to be released this winter. The final decision on the subway's route will be made by the Metro Board of Directors, likely in early 2012.
Some of the world's leading seismologists and tunneling engineers were involved in preparing the reports or independently reviewing them for Metro and Parsons Brinckerhoff, the primary contractor hired by the agency to help plan and perform preliminary design for the subway alignment.
Among the experts was Dr. James Dolan of USC, who performed pioneering research on blind-thrust faults in the Los Angeles area. Among the reviewers was Dr. Lucy Jones of the U.S. Geological Survey and the California Institute of Technology. Both spoke to the Board on Wednesday. Biographies of the scientists involved will be posted here shortly.
Two other experts who spoke today were Dr. Harvey Parker, an engineer and former President of the International Tunneling Association, and Dr. Paul C. Jennings, a Professor of Civil Engineering and Applied Mechanics, Emeritus, at the California Institute of Technology.
The reports were compiled as part of the ongoing Final EIS/EIR for the Westside Subway Extension, which will extend the Purple Line for nine miles to the Veterans Affairs Hospital in Westwood. The project is funded in part by the Measure R sales tax increase approved by 68 percent of Los Angeles County voters in 2008.
Although most of the subway's route was approved by the Board last year, the Board requested more geotechnical and engineering studies before finalizing the Century City station location and the subway's alignment between Beverly Hills and Westwood.
As part of those studies, Metro planners have been working to precisely map the location of two known earthquake faults in the Century City area, the Santa Monica Fault and the West Beverly Hills Lineament, now considered to be the northern extension of the Newport-Inglewood Fault Zone.
Two potential alignments for the subway between Beverly Hills and Century City remain under study. One would follow Wilshire Boulevard and then continue west under Santa Monica Boulevard. The other would be located to the south and tunnel beneath parts of the Beverly Hills High School campus before turning west to a subway station at the intersection of Constellation Boulevard and Avenue of the Stars.
The approximate locations of the Santa Monica Fault and the West Beverly Hills Lineament have been known for years, but the exact location had not been evaluated through underground investigations. To generate the needed data, Metro contractors drilled over 200 boreholes and penetrometer tests in Century City, Beverly Hills and Westwood, as well as other tests using sound waves to develop profiles of the area's underlying geology.
Experts found that strands of the active Santa Monica Fault are under the intersection of Santa Monica Boulevard and Avenue of the Stars.
An alternative station location on Santa Monica Boulevard and Century Park East, studied as a part of the Final EIS/EIR, is located within the West Beverly Hills Lineament fault zone, an extension of the Newport-Inglewood Fault that triggered the 1933 Long Beach earthquake.
The fault report concluded that there is no unequivocal evidence of a long enough section of Santa Monica Boulevard to accommodate a station in the Century City area outside of an active fault zone.
According to the executive summary of the report, released on Wednesday:
“No evidence of faulting was found on the proposed Constellation Boulevard Station site. Based on the results of these fault investigations, there is clear evidence that the proposed station locations on Santa Monica Boulevard (both east and west) would be in active fault zones, and are not viable options for station locations. The proposed station on Constellation Boulevard would not be within an active fault zone.”
Experts said that because stations are continuously occupied by people, they should not be built in active fault zones because such stations are difficult to design and faults are places where ground deformation will occur.
However, experts reported that there is evidence from Los Angeles and around the world that subway tunnels can perform well during earthquakes because tunnels tend to move with the ground rather than sway like buildings. Metro's subway returned to service quickly after the 1994 Northridge quake, as did BART trains following the 1989 Loma Prieta quake in the Bay Area. In both earthquakes, freeway bridges collapsed.
The Westside Subway Extension will have to cross two active fault zones. “There are numerous proven designs and construction means and methods to safely build a tunnel through fault zones,” states the Executive Summary of the tunneling report. “Design methods include building a larger diameter tunnel and/or a very strong but flexible lining to withstand several feet of movement without collapse and still be repairable.”
Experts also explained that it's best for tunnels to cross faults at sharp angles to minimize exposure to them.
Other issues covered in the reports in greater detail included:
•The top of the twin subway tunnels for the project is expected to be 55 feet to 70 feet below the Beverly Hills High School campus. The tunnels are expected to pass under the Beverly Hills Unified School District administration building, the high school's tennis courts, the southern wing Building B and the school's lacrosse fields.
•There is not expected to be any damage to campus buildings as a result of ground settlement from tunneling, which will be done with pressurized closed-face tunnel boring machines that provide support to the ground as they dig. These types of machines were successfully used to dig the tunnel on the Metro Gold Line Eastside Extension.
•Only one abandoned oil well was mapped to lie within the tunnel alignment — and is beneath a parking garage in Century City. This one “anomaly” that could be related to old oil well infrastructure was found underground on the school campus in the area near the lacrosse field and was outside the proposed tunnel alignments. Further exploration of the tunnel alignment to confirm that it is clear of oil wells is planned.
Like this: Like Loading...
This 1994 file photo shows Mumia Abu Jamal at the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections Facility in Huntington, Pennsylvania. (credit: Clark Kissinger/AFP/Getty Images)
— A teacher in New Jersey who assigned their third-grade class to write “get well” letters to a sick inmate convicted of killing a Philadelphia police officer was suspended Friday, the school superintendent said.
Orange School Superintendent Ronald Lee said in a statement that school administrators “vehemently deny” any knowledge of Forest Street Elementary School teacher Marilyn Zuniga's assignment. Preliminary inquiries found that Zuniga did not seek approval from administrators, nor were parents notified, Lee said.
The letters were delivered to Mumia Abu-Jamal in prison following their hospitalization last month for what their family said was treatment for complications from diabetes.
“Just dropped off these letters to comrade Johanna Fernandez. My 3rd graders wrote to Mumia to lift up their spirits as they are ill. #freemumia,” read a tweet posted Sunday on Zuniga's Twitter account, which has since been taken down.
BOGOR, Indonesia (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Thursday unveiled a new policy aimed at deepening ties with Southeast Asia, as the North Asian economic powerhouse seeks to curb its reliance on traditional trading partners like China and the United States.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is greeted by their Indonesian counterpart Joko Widodo during their meeting at the presidential palace in Bogor, West Java, Indonesia, November 9, 2017. REUTERS/Dita Alangkara/Pool
Moon made Indonesia, Southeast Asia's biggest economy, their first state visit to the region and was accompanied by a delegation of around 200 business leaders.
The “New Southern Policy” aims to better connect South Korea to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) grouping and expand the economic influence of Asia's fourth-largest economy in the region home to more than half a billion people.
“Korean diplomacy in Asia has been more toward Japan, China and Russia. But I see that it should expand to new horizons,” Moon told a business forum in Jakarta, where they pledged to “dramatically strengthen cooperation with ASEAN”.
South Korea's presidential Blue House has said the policy will mirror Moon's “New Northern Policy” aimed at expanding cooperation with China, Japan, Russia, and Mongolia.
Indonesia and South Korea signed on Thursday a memorandum of understanding on a light rail transit (LRT) system in Jakarta, part of a series of pacts reported to be worth up to $1.9 billion.
A recent year-long diplomatic standoff between Seoul and Beijing over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system has exposed the dependence of Korean companies on Chinese customers and likely exacerbated Seoul's urgency to diversify ties.
During a joint news conference with U.S. President Donald Trump this week, Moon said they were aiming for a more “balanced diplomacy,” which would include Russia, ASEAN countries, and members of the European Union.
Moon held talks with Indonesian President Joko Widodo at a state palace in Bogor, south of Jakarta, and discussed infrastructure, trade, and also tension on the Korean peninsula.
“I appreciate President Moon's position that they remain open to resolving any disputes through dialogue,” Widodo told a news conference in the Dutch colonial-style palace.
Indonesia has traditionally had good relations with North Korea and maintains diplomatic ties and is one of a small number of countries with an embassy in Pyongyang.
A number of South Korean companies already have or are planning big investments in Indonesia. Steel giant POSCO has a multi-billion-dollar joint venture with Indonesia's Krakatau Steel, Hyundai Motor is setting up a car factory, and Samsung Electronics Co assembles smartphones in the country.
Indonesia is also emerging as an important market for South Korean defense equipment and the countries are cooperating on a venture to jointly build a fighter plane, dubbed KF-X.
Moon said South Korea aimed to boost trade with Indonesia to $30 billion by 2022 and eventually to more than $50 billion.
Trade between the countries was worth about $10 billion in the first nine months of 2017, up nearly a fifth from the corresponding 2016 period. Korean foreign direct investment rose about a quarter to $1.37 billion.
Both leaders said the relationship between the countries had been redefined as a “Special Strategic Partnership”.
Slideshow (5 Images)
South Koreans make up one of Indonesia's largest expatriate groups, with numerous Korean restaurants and bars in parts of Jakarta.
Besides corporate muscle, Korea's soft power has also grown in Indonesia alongside other countries in Southeast Asia.
Korean K-Pop is hugely popular among Indonesians, with long-established fan clubs and bands, like BTS, touring the Southeast Asian country. Indonesian Twitter accounts dedicated to Korean pop idols have around a million followers.
March 10 11:43am wht mtn—Front FOUR will break RECORD
Jeff King, first into White Mountain and the leader of our race, is on the ice with their team of huskies. The front four dogs of their team are still in their “cave” under Jeff's open sleeping bag.  They are scheduled to depart at 3PM after their 8 hour mandatory break.
Next to them in parallel lines resides Aliy Zirkle, Dallas Seavey the Younger, and Mitch Seavey the Older. Mitch is on the ice feeding their team of dogs lined up neatly on strawbeds on the right hand side of their towline.
All four of our front competitors are separated by comfortable margins of time, yet the four are expected to easily spank John Baker's 2011 record run of 8 days 18 hours. Furthermore, King appears faster than Zirkle, Z faster than Dallas, and Dallas livelier than their Dad Mitch. Therefore, we expect them all to enjoy a stress free dog ride to Nome—a dream for the musher purist—enojoy the ride without the pressure of racing.
Our Insider team will depart White Mountain late afternoon and prepare for a Midnight arrival of Jeff King. Maybe earlier. We expect them to break the record by eight or nine hours in something like “A new Iditarod record of Eight Days Nine hours.”
Honestly, the run should be very quick. I walked out a way on the outgoing trail up Fish River and found it hard. The only reason it wasn't glare ice was the snowmachine traffic which chopped it with tracks . Our trailbreakers left this morning in direction Nome, telling me that all reports indicates a trail icy fast by recent rains and thaws. The trail follows the Fish River , then jumps off to climb a notorious wind blown ascent called TopKok Hill.
Topkok Hill is the subject of its own legend since gold miners used the trail out of Nome in the late 1800's. The wind can howl on this stretch of trail which has been marked by spruce pole tripods for more than a hundred years. Usually a vicious wind storm blows them down, so from time to time metal tripods are also installed, but even these get hammered. Without the tripods, a winter traveler caught in a snow storm on the bare slopes of Topkok is lost, turned around by the vertigo of blowing white snow. Many people have been trapped on Topkok and a few have lost their lives.
This year presents an unusual situation. Without snow cover, the hill presents bare ground with rocks and the trail off the north side of the mountain to the Bering Sea Coast should be a challenge—but doable. The trail, we are told, is mostly a ribbon of ice , so times should once again be fast. From Topkok to Safety, a remnant of the gold rush days and a checkpoint 22 miles from Nome, the trail runs on the beach, encountering a few famous “blow holes”, a venture like effect from wind blowing down valleys with ferocious velocity—enough to knock over sleds. Today's weather report indicates “mild” for the mushers. Jeff King told me that the lack of snow has allowed them to see the normal snow buried creeks and lakes and see terrain.
On the beach of the Fish River I get to talk to Mitch while they feed their dogs. “I lost a lot of time on the ice out of Golovin. My dogs were convinced that it was better to run on the beach. But that wasn't working either so I had to get them out on the ice.” Just as Jeff had predicted, unless you have the exact leader, navigating on glare ice is slow going.
Mitch has a cool axe with sort of heavy framing hammer head. They chopped a little hole in the ice and then thumped their hook solid in the ice.
In the checkpoint, the volunteers are preparing for a surge of mushers, but also have time to exchange stories and photos of their pet dogs. Sometimes looking at photos of pet dogs is like viewing your uncle's vacation photos, but mostly really entertaining.
Expect King to shatter record by eight or nine hours.
« Open Thread | Main | Obama's Claims of "Just Hearing" About Their Latest Incompetency and/or Corruption "From the News" » Of Course: Anti-Weapon Crusaders Force North Dakota College's Fencing Team Off Campus They're doing this for your own benefit, you know. The current interpretation of the non-weapon policy [at] NDSU . . . understands our fencing equipment as weapons, the clubs coach told Valley News Live, meaning that use or possession of the swords is prohibited and the club will have to find a home off campus. It's a new club, which is irrelevant. More relevant is the fact that none of the weapons used in fencing has an edge because, you know, this is a sport, not Game of Thrones. The fencing club tried to argue that baseball bats were more serious weapons than a fencer's slender, flexible, ball-tipped sport foil, and that argument was rejected by the college, for the usual reason: Because it's True, and colleges are now officially opposed to things that are true. Glenn Reynolds writes that colleges have become jokes. Even fancy schools such as Harvard and Dartmouth have seen applications decline, with Dartmouth's dropping 14% last year, a truly staggering number. It's no picnic for public institutions either. "There have been 21 downgrades of public colleges and universities this year but no upgrades," reported Inside Higher Ed. It's gotten so bad that schools are even closing their gender studies centers, a once-sacrosanct kind of spending. .... From the economics to the politics, colleges and universities are looking less like serious places to improve one's mind and one's prospects, and more like expensive islands of frivolity and, sometimes, viciousness. And that is likely to have consequences.
A Yale law professor penned a commencement address even though no one asked them to: And, before I go any further, I would like to express my personal thanks to all of you for not rescinding my invitation. I know that matters were dicey for a while, given that I have held and defended actual positions on politically contested issues. Now and then Ive strayed from the party line. And if the demonstrators would quiet down for a moment, Id like to offer an abject apology for any way in which I have offended against the increasingly narrow and often obscure values of the academy. In my day, the college campus was a place that celebrated the diversity of ideas. Pure argument was our guide. Staking out an unpopular position was admired -- and the admiration, in turn, provided excellent training in the virtues of tolerance on the one hand and, on the other, integrity. Your generation, I am pleased to say, seems to be doing away with all that. Theres no need for the ritual give and take of serious argument when, in your early 20s, you already know the answers to all questions. How marvelous it must be to realize at so tender an age that you will never, ever change your mind, because you will never, ever encounter disagreement! How I wish Id had your confidence and fortitude. I could have spared myself many hours of patient reflection and intellectual struggle over the great issues of the day.
... The literary critic George Steiner, in a wonderful little book titled "Nostalgia for the Absolute, long ago predicted this moment. We have an attraction, they contended, to higher truths that can sweep away complexity and nuance. We like systems that can explain everything. Intellectuals in the West are nostalgic for the tight grip religion once held on the Western imagination. They are attracted to modes of thought that are as comprehensive and authoritarian as the medieval church. You and your fellow students -- and your professors as well; one mustnt forget their role -- are therefore to be congratulated for your involvement in the excellent work of bringing back the Middle Ages.
posted by Ace at
| Access Comments posted by Ace at 01:26 PM
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
The title of this review may sound redundant with ‘brass' twice, but this is indeed a first look of 6.5mm Creedmoor brass by Starline Brass. Starline Brass has been around for a little over 40 years, and garnered a solid reputation for their pistol brass. Ask any reloader about top notch pistol brass, and most will have Starline near the top of their list.
Back when I first started reloading, my impetus was to save a few bucks on .45ACP ammo, so I tried out Starline .45 ACP cases. While the quality was evident, my type of casual shooting didn't lend itself to needing Starline pistol brass. Having never shot bullseye pistol, I stuck with common cases from Federal, Speer, Winchester, and whatever factory brass cases I came across at the range.
When I went into rifle shooting, I immediately used Lapua for precision handloads, including during my stint in competitive High Power Service Rifle (Lapua for the 600-yard line, Lake City for the 200 and 300-yard lines).
I only recently started shooting 6.5mm Creedmoor due to the fact that I have not been shooting bolt rifles for quite some time, and only got back into them early last year. But coincidentally, when I finally acquired a 6.5mm Creedmoor (through rebarreling my Savage), Lapua 6.5mm Creedmoor brass started making their way to consumers, so I immediately handloaded Lapua brass for 6.5 Creedmoor.
While Lapua brass is highly regarded among all the rifle shooters, there were many gripes regarding Lapua's decision to not only go with small rifle primer pockets when the original 6.5mm Creedmoor specification uses large rifle primers, but also Lapua's implementation of a 1.5mm / 0.059″ diameter flash hole, as opposed to the ‘standard' 0.080″ diameter flash hole. Many people who bought Lapua 6.5mm Creedmoor brass and who were unfamiliar of the PPC-style flash hole were encountering stuck or broken decapping pins.
Note: I discovered that my Redding sizing dies shipped with 0.057″ diameter decapping pins, so I had no issues. But I did turn down the decapping pin on my Lee Universal Decapping Die to 0.055″ by chucking it in a drill press and using a file.
Plenty of stubborn reloaders ended up ditching Lapua brass rather than modify their reloading equipment to handle the Lapua brass, and went back to Hornady brass (and other factory once fired).
But in late July, Starline Brass announced the release of their new 6.5mm Creedmoor brass, in both a large rifle primer and small rifle primer pocket. So I ended up ordering a couple hundred from Brownells, Inc., even though I am a staunch Lapua brass user.
The cost per piece of 6.5mm Creedmoor brass direct from Starline Brass is 60 cents for small rifle and 50 cents for large rifle.
It is important to note that while Starline Brass is renowned for their top quality pistol brass, they do not have the same regard with their rifle brass. If I am not mistaken, their rifle brass is actually a fairly young product line, and they didn't start making bottleneck rifle brass until the late 2000's.
On inspection, Starline 6.5mm Creedmoor brass looks to be of good quality, but visually does not compare to Lapua in terms of quality control.
First off, out of the bag Starline necks are for the most part not concentric. Lapua brass is the only brass I will actually load straight out of a brand-new box. Rarely are necks dented (not round / concentric), and even if they are not, it is so minor that I can still seat a bullet without issue.
Starline on the other hand showed irregular neck concentricity. Some were dented making a ‘flat tire' that is acceptable.
But others were quite misshaped.
Those reloaders who griped about the small diameter flash hole of Lapua brass will be pleased to know that Starline 6.5mm Creedmoor brass uses the traditional 0.080″ diameter flash hole.
But the flash holes on Starline brass appear to be punched, and not drilled.
One of the great aspects of Lapua quality control is the fact that they drill the flash holes, which means cleaner cut flash holes without need to debur the flash hole edges.
This is in contrast with most brass manufacturers who punch the flash hole. This ends up resulting in rough flash hole edges, and lots of burrs and irregularities that lead to inconsistent primer ignition.
The edges of the flash holes in the Starline 6.5mm Creedmoor brass looked rough and almost beveled, as if the punch on the machine is tapered.
This rough edge of the flash hole is consistent among all the Starline Brass, and in a few instances, results in hanging tags of brass which will need to be deburred with a primer flash hole deburring tool.
Starline Brass does not exhibit any annealing marks like Lapua brass. Whether or not Starline anneals the brass cannot be confirmed visually.
As evident in the photos, I acquired the small rifle version of Starline's 6.5mm Creedmoor brass. When seating the primers with my hand tool, it does not feel like the pockets are anywhere near as snug as Lapua brass. This is not a scientific assessment, but simply based on the ‘feel' of the pressure applied. This is a bit concerning because the snug primer pockets of the Lapua brass are a strength of this brass, and the fact that small rifle primer pockets have proven longevity is a reason why a reloader would opt for small rifle primer pockets if given the option.
As far as neck thickness, I actually do not own a ball micrometer, but it appears Starline brass is just slightly thinner than Lapua brass. With a seated Berger Bullets 6.5mm 130gr AR Hybrid OTM Tactical, the neck diameter of Lapua brass measures .292″. That same bullet in Starline brass results in a neck diameter that measures .2915″. Hornady brass is slightly thinner than both Lapua and Starline, with a resulting diameter of anywhere from .290″ to .291″ with a seated Berger 130gr AR Hybrid bullet.
Caveat: The digital micrometer I use has +/- .0005″ accuracy only. It will not go down to +/- .0001″.
I measured the weight, overall length, and headspace length (base to shoulder) for a small sampling of new out of the bag cases of Starline brass, then did the same with Lapua for a comparison.
Out of twenty (20) randomly selected Starline 6.5mm Creedmoor cases:
Average Weight (grains): 163.8 (standard deviation – 0.468452098, extreme spread – 2.0)
Average Length (inches) : 1.911 (standard deviation – 0.001145931, extreme spread – 0.004)
Average Headspace Length (inches): 1.532 inches (standard deviation – 0.00088258, extreme spread – 0.003)
Compared to twenty (20) randomly selected Lapua 6.5mm Creedmoor cases:
Average Weight (grains): 165.5 (standard deviation – 0.258334748, extreme spread – 1.1)
Average Length (inches): 1.911 (standard deviation – 0.000307794, extreme spread – 0.001)
Average Headspace Length (inches): 1.532 (standard deviation – 0.000680557, extreme spread – 0.003)
6.5mm Creedmoor Brass Comparison
Lapua Starline Weight Average (grains) 165.5 163.8 Weight Std. Dev. (grains) 0.258334748 0.468452098 Weight E.S. (grains) 1.1 2.0 Length Average (inches) 1.911 1.911 Length Std. Dev. (inches) 0.000307794 0.001145931 Length E.S. (inches) 0.001 0.004 Headspace Average (inches) 1.532 1.532 Headspace Std. Dev. (inches) 0.000680557 0.00088258 Headspace E.S. (inches) 0.003 0.003
Comparatively, the two brands are about equal in terms of length averages, but Lapua is about 1.5 grains heavier. Also, the higher degree of quality control is further evident in Lapua versus Starline when analyzing the standard deviation and/or extreme spread of the measurements. In terms of case weight, Starline has basically twice the variable range than Lapua. The overall length of the new brass is also more consistent with Lapua.
Of course, these measurements do not directly translate to the quality of the brass, and are rendered irrelevant after brass is resized and trimmed. But it is indicative of the quality control and attention to detail of the completed brass.
Although, brass weight is definitely relevant to most reloaders, since this does provide insight to both brass thickness and case volume. In this regard, it would appear that Starline brass is thinner and may have slightly more case volume.
Of course, what really matters is what the result on target is.
As stated earlier, Lapua is the only brass I have ever purchased that I am comfortable loading straight out of the box without any preparation. People will argue that you should at least expand/size the necks for consistency and I don't disagree, but I usually don't bother. Even when there is a dinged neck with a Lapua case fresh out of the box, I will simply load it up because it is usually not bad at all (just slightly out of round).
The Starline brass new out of box on the other hand are quite inconsistent and misshapen, so I ran them all through a neck sizing die with an expander ball in. I opted for a Redding nitride bushing in .290″, although a .289″ might also be a good choice. If you recall what I stated earlier, the resulting neck diameter of a loaded round using Starline brass and a Berger 130gr AR Hybrid is .2915″. I use a .290″ for Lapua brass, and I could go either .289″ or .290″ for Starline brass. I did not run a flash hole deburring tool in all the Starline brass, but only for those where I could see imperfections in the edges from the punching process.
I loaded twenty (20) test rounds with Starline Brass using my current go to 6.5mm Creedmoor load for my Savage 10FP with 24″ 1:8″ Shilen barrel:
Berger Bullets 6.5mm 130gr AR Hybrid OTM Tactical
43.5gr Hodgdon H4350
Wolf Small Rifle Magnum primer
Here are sample 5-shot groups:
It can hover around 1/2 MOA, which is about the same group sizes as with Hornady or Lapua brass.
The twenty rounds fired were aggregated in a single series of chronograph data collected via Labradar and yielded:
Average Velocity: 2940.9 fps
Standard Deviation: 6.57 fps
Extreme Spread: 22.37 fps (2951.37 high, 2929 low)
The chronograph data is actually pretty decent, but the average velocity is higher than the same load with Hornady or Lapua brass (both hover at 2910fps).
Examining the fired brass, there is some slight cratering on the small rifle primers and faint ejector marks on some brass. This could indicate higher pressure.
Starline Brass is lighter than Lapua Brass, so you would think it is thinner for more case capacity. But it is possible the higher pressure signs are due to the larger diameter flash hole of Starline vs Lapua.
Granted, the fact the Starline Brass results in groups comparable to Hornady and Lapua brass would make it seem like a viable option for may handloaders.
I will probably decrease the load for Berger 130gr AR Hybrid and Starline Brass down to 43.2gr H4350, which should get it down to 2900 to 2910 fps.
As far as longevity of the primer pockets compared to Lapua, time will tell. As I mentioned earlier, Starline Brass primer pockets have noticeably less tension during the hand priming process.
When it comes down to it, do I recommend Starline Brass in 6.5mm Creedmoor?
I am too biased towards Lapua, but I will say that the Starline Brass is a great compromise for those who want brass that will probably last longer than Hornady (under 50 cents per piece) and has small rifle primer pockets, but is less expensive than Lapua (over $1 per piece).
Also, Starline Brass has the ‘standard' 0.080″ diameter flash hole, which could be more favorable to those who can't get small diameter pins for their decapping and/or resizing dies.
So yes, If you shoot 6.5mm Creedmoor and reload/handload, give the 6.5mm Creedmoor Starline Brass a try. You might like it.
Pros:
Less expensive than Lapua
Thicker than Hornady (at least based on necks)
Available in either small or large rifle primer pockets
Cons:
Neck concentricity/roundness extremely inconsistent out of the box
Flash holes are punched, not drilled
Pro or Con depending on stance:
Uses the standard .080″ diameter flash hole
ADDENDUM (2017-09-19): I was able to get back out to the range, and based on the initial results where the primers showed some slight overpressure signs with the 43.5gr H4350 charge weight I usually with Hornady and Lapua brass, was able to test loads with a half-grain lower powder charge weight. Berger Bullets 6.5mm 130gr AR Hybrid OTM Tactical, 43.0gr Hodgdon H4350, Wolf SRM, and Starline Brass resulted in an average velocity of 2907.81fps with a standard deviation of 9.25fps (ES 39.75fps). 5-shot groups were each under .6MOA.
Given the results, I recommend people copying their 6.5mm Creedmoor recipes that use Hornady or Lapua brass to come down at least one-half (0.5) grain below their existing load when trying Starline Brass 6.5mm Creedmoor with small primer pockets. As for my own recipe for Starline Brass in 6.5mm Creedmoor with small rifle primer pockets, I will most likely go with 42.8gr Hodgdon H4350 with the 130gr AR Hybrid. This should hover around 2890fps.
Like this: Like Loading...
Ageism and Veganism: It's Just a Phase Posted on Jan 18, 2013 by Ashley in Vegan Issues |
It's Friday and that means it's time for a grab-bag post from yours truly! I am glad that I instated this sort of non-column for this year because it gives me a chance to sound off and write about things I normally wouldn't put on the blog. Today's post about ageism and vegansim was inspired by several things: 1) My veganism is sometimes referred to as a phase by several people who I am relatively close to, 2) I've noticed a lack of younger, mainstream vegan activist and role models, and 3) I have always been interested in activism and I have been thinking a lot lately about what the future of activism within the vegan community looks like.
Yes, those are all very vague notions, however, it was those thoughts that propelled me into thinking about ageism and how it permeates other areas of society and more specifically, what it means for veganism. Not all of these concepts or ideas are fleshed out completely, but what you'll read below are my thoughts on the state of things – though I admittedly don't offer up any immediate solutions to the problems I discuss.
As always, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this after you read through it. Please keep comments respectful and constructive – you don't have to agree with me, but tearing someone down doesn't move the conversation forward. Enoy!
A Story to Start Us Off
Last summer I was at a wedding and many family members were in attendance. Though I'd been vegan for over a year at the time, I was still on the receiving end of many awkward questions and comments about my veganism. Though I normally dismissed them and kindly tried to explain to them why I went vegan and how great I felt for doing it, one conversation that night, in particular, made me feel like I was being hassled simply because of my age, not necessarily because of the veganism.
After a long night of dancing and drinking, I headed to a bar for the after party, at which I ran into a family member who had also been drinking quite a lot. They proceeded to ask me if I was still vegan and when I responded with a yes, they immediately said, “That's interesting. You'll see how things are soon enough and you'll be back to eating meat before you know it.” Now, not one to stir up things with family members, especially after drinking, I let the comment slide, but it ate at me well after the evening was over and it continues to eat at me to this day.
The idea that I'll ‘see how things are' implies that I haven't seen enough to understand the entirety of my decision to go vegan. The statement also implies that I am somehow naive to the ways of the world and that if I understood how things worked I'd be an omnivore. I felt as though I was being spoken down to, as if I were a child, and that my decision was one made out of naivete and childishness. Some have said that I have a bit of a complex when it comes to feeling defensive about my age, but I don't think you have to be bias to understand what my family member was getting at.
But what if it wasn't just my family member who thought about veganism in this way? My guess is that it wasn't, so I did some research and thinking about the topic, and what follows are the product of that (though not always a coherent product ).
Ageism and Veganism
By the numbers:
Vegan celebrities/personalities: Chloe Coscarelli is 25, Ellen DeGeneres is 54, Moby is 47, Woody Harrelson is 51, Bill Clinton is 66, Alicia Silverstone is 36.
Notable vegan activists: Ingrid Newkirk is 63, Neal Barnard is 56, Gene Bauer is 49, T. Colin Campbell is 78.
Notice that out of all of these prominent vegan figures, only one is under the age of 30 and most are 40+ (these lists are by no means exhaustive – just a small representation). Now, there are more than a few reasons as to why this is, but it is still slightly alarming to me that there isn't much representation of the young vegan crowd in the media or popular culture.
While I am not claiming causation in any way, I don't think it's merely coincidence that the numbers shake out this way. Society in general seems to view young adults in particular as a demographic that is easily swayed from one cause or fad to another (which is not entirely wrong) and therefore it seems to be easier for those around us to deem our choices as a ‘phase' rather than a lifestyle choice. The fact that there are very few young adult vegans in the mainstream media seems to exacerbate the issue, as it is inevitable that people will generalize vegans from what they are exposed to, thus portraying the idea that vegans are either rich celebrities or older, more ‘experienced' individuals who've come to the vegan lifestyle after decades of life experiences that influenced their decision.
It's seems, from my perspective, that it's much easier for society to accept that a 50-year-old can make a lifestyle decision and stick to it than their 20-something counterparts. I don't think this is limited to vegans, but I do think it affects how the public view veganism.
Even though some prominent vegans (bloggers, mostly) started championing the cause when they were in their 20's, they've since gotten older and I haven't seen a new group coming up to take their place. I believe it is safe to say that most people agree that passionate and active vegans under 30 exist, but what is it that keeps them from being strong, respected figures of veganism?
The answer likely extends beyond vegansim and into society at large. Very few organizations, movements, or causes have leaders or public figures under the age of 30 and it could be for a variety of different reasons: not established enough, not enough life experiences, seemingly too radical, etc. I would argue, though, that the under 30 crowds is one of the most well-connected groups in today's society. This generation has grown up (for the most part) with the internet at their fingertips and many young activists use that power to leverage relationships that span continents and cultures.
Regardless of life experience or credentials, being connected is a prerequisite for getting things done and creating social change, which would make the under 30 crowd a prime group for championing the vegan movement (and related movements: Animal rights, Environment, Health) and creating lasting change within society.
As veganism continues to permeate mainstream media and culture I think the movement would benefit from looking to the younger generation to keep the momentum going to create more permanent changes in the way we think about our food and lifestyle. I think it's absolutely wonderful that we have so many well-respected vegans to look up to – whether it's mainstream celebrities or community-made powerhouses – but the lack of diversity in age (and other areas as well) is something that should be addressed as the movement progresses.
The fix for the lack of age diversity is two-fold: 1) Those already within the community must seek out the next generation of vegans and mentor them and urge them to have their voices heard and 2) Young vegans must step up and make their presence known – both within the vegan community and in the general public.
As someone who's in the under 30 groups (for a couple more years at least), I see many of my peers already jaded by social movements and their brief life spans (ex. Occupy – though it still goes on, the movement has dropped out of mainstream attention dramatically). Though I understand their general sentiment, I still think it's important to stand up for causes that are important to you, whether they are popular or not (popular here simply meaning getting attention, not necessarily a positive or negative connotation).
Additionally, I think we have to make sure that we truly live our causes and not give doubters fuel for the fire. If you are experimenting with veganism or just trying it out, then that's ok – I understand that some people will find that it's not the right fit for them personally. However, if you haven't committed to it whole-heartedly , then do not make yourself into champion for the cause. All too often I see people ‘coming out' as one thing or another, only to abandon the lifestyle months (or in some cases, years) later. This fuels those who say ‘it's only a phase' or ‘you'll see how things really are soon enough'. Experiment all you want, in fact, I completely encourage it, just make sure you do it responsibly and with respect to those who've committed to the lifestyle.
__
Thoughts? Are there any prominent young adult vegans that I'm leaving out? What do you think is the most pressing issue the vegan movement is facing?
Yowza, I am long-winded – thanks for sticking it out!
Today in San Francisco we announced Android 4.3, a sweeter version of Jelly Bean that includes great new features for users and developers. Android 4.3 powers the new Nexus 7 tablet that's coming soon to Google Play and retail outlets, and it's rolling out now as an update to Nexus 4, Nexus 7, Nexus 10, and Galaxy Nexus HSPA+ devices across the world.
For developers, Android 4.3 includes the latest performance enhancements to keep your apps fast, smooth, and efficient, together with new APIs and capabilities to use in your apps. Here's a taste of what's new:
OpenGL ES 3.0 — Game developers can now take advantage of OpenGL ES 3.0 and EGL extensions as standard features of Android, with access from either framework or native APIs.
Bluetooth Smart — Now your apps can communicate with the many types of low-power Bluetooth Smart devices and sensors available today, to provide new features for fitness, medical, location, proximity, and more.
Restricted profiles — Tablet owners can create restricted profiles to limit access to apps, for family, friends, kiosks, and more. Your app can offer various types of restrictions to let tablet owners control its capabilities in each profile.
New media capabilities — A modular DRM framework enables media application developers to more easily integrate DRM into their own streaming protocols such as MPEG DASH. Apps can also access a built-in VP8 encoder from framework or native APIs for high-quality video capture.
Notification access — Your apps can now access and interact with the stream of status bar notifications as they are posted. You can display them in any way you want, including routing them to nearby Bluetooth devices, and you can update and dismiss notifications as needed.
Improved profiling tools — New tags in the Systrace tool and on-screen GPU profiling give you new ways to build great performance into your app.
Check out the Android 4.3 platform highlights for a complete overview of what's new for developers. To read more about the new APIs and how to use them, take a look at the API Overview or watch the new DevBytes videos.
Along with the new Android 4.3 platform we're releasing an update to the Android NDK (r9). The new NDK gives you native access to the OpenGL ES 3.0 APIs and other stable APIs in Android 4.3, so if you use high-performance graphics in your games or apps, make sure to check it out.
Last, we've updated the Android Support Library (r18) with several key APIs to help you build great apps with broad compatibility. Most important, we've added an Action Bar API to let you build this essential Android design pattern into your app with compatibility back to Android 2.1. For apps targeting RTL languages, there's a new BidiFormatter utility you can use to manage RTL strings with compatibility back to Android 2.1. Also, watch for a new RenderScript feature coming soon that will let you take advantage of hardware-accelerated computation with compatibility back to Android 2.2.
You can get started developing and testing on Android 4.3 right away, in Android Studio or in ADT/Ant. You can download the Android 4.3 Platform (API level 18), as well as the SDK Tools, Platform Tools, and Support Library from the Android SDK Manager.
Vitaly Petrov and Bruno Senna battle over Caterham seat, as Steve Nielsen departs Michael Bailey
michael.bailey@archant.co.uk
@michaeljbailey 08 January, 2013 - 15:26
Caterham sporting director Steve Nielsen, who has resigned from their post. Photo: Charles Coates LAT Photographic
Caterham are closing in on completing their driver line-up for the 2013 Formula One season, but they have also been handed another vacancy to fill.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Bruno Senna negotiates a puddle at Silverstone during their 2012 season with Williams.
The Hingham-backed team has already confirmed Charles Pic as one of its two drivers for the new season but is yet to announce its other driver, with the first winter test under a month away.
The battle appears to be between Russian Vitaly Petrov, who drove for Caterham in 2012, and Bruno Senna as they look for a new team following their release by Williams.
It was Petrov who booked Caterham's recovery to 10th in last season's constructors' championship with their excellent drive in the 2012 Brazilian finalé, and with the Russian Grand Prix set to be reintroduced to the F1 calendar in 2013 there are clear plus points.
However, it may be Senna can offer the bigger budget for Caterham to play with in what will be their fourth season on the grid.
Finn Heikki Kovalainen's chances of an extended F1 drive with the Hingham-backed team seem to be shrinking, while Caterham's GP2 racer Giedo van der Garde is also seen as a long shot for the drive.
Force India's second seat alongside Paul di Resta remains the only other drive to be confirmed for the new season.
• Meanwhile, Caterham's sporting director Steve Nielsen has resigned from the team.
Nielsen originally joined at the end of 2011 after a lengthy spell with Renault, and their arrival came with high expectations for what they could bring.
However, it is believed Nielsen will now move to another team after leaving Caterham this month. Their replacement at the Hingham-backed outfit is yet to be appointed.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild served a staggering reminder: it was the most open-world Zelda game since the original. Everything in between, while not without opportunities to explore, had a linear order in terms of dungeons and major events. Cue The Untold Legacy's Kickstarter, promising a return to form and then some.
Time and Time Again
The developers at Iconic Games emphatically promise that The Untold Legacy will have a rich and inspiring story. They certainly have considered the game's lore, and have a sense of character with the protagonist's shield and companion, “Shieldpa.” At the same time, the conflict grounding the world is called the “Time Wars.” It is hard to see that being particularly cogent and my expectations for the story are admittedly low. However, that's beyond okay. A world with complicated lore may be difficult to structure narratively, but can still win the day if the enemy designs and environments represent that creativity. And, all of it will be service to the handcrafted open-world.
Directionally Unchallenged
The top-down perspective and large map composed of screens are reminiscent of The Legend of Zelda accentuated by lush colors that mingle with attractive particle effects. Iconic Games explains that The Untold Legacy can be completed however the player wishes. There is no dungeon order that they must strictly follow. On top of that, given the player's actions and accomplishments, the protagonist's expressions and voice will reflect their situation. Struggling with a specific mob, for example, visibly causes them distress when it appears.
The animation is rather simple and rigid, yet functions well enough to convey a breadth of individualized possibilities. Movement options through the environment are myriad, and the developers are pivoting away from crafting systems (though it will have cooking). The combat, according to the website, is responsive and dynamic. The sword combos and fighting in general resemble Final Fantasy Adventure. However, other combat options have yet to be fully revealed.
The developers are using their love of The Legend of Zelda to create something new. Their approach is familiar. Open-world is all the rage, after all. However, this blend works for me. If the game's openness and systems can indeed inform palpable growth and exploration, then it will be one to remember. Even if I struggle to recall its forgettable title. Their Kickstarter is on-going, with a minimum goal of $60,000.
The first several months of 2014 haven't offered many encouraging signs about the Washington-area labor market.
Year-over-year job growth has been anemic, and the sectors that serve as the cornerstone of the local economy — the federal government and professional services — have been losing ground.
The latest data from the Labor Department shows that this pattern continued in May, with the metropolitan area adding a meager 6,000 jobs in the one-year period that ended that month. The unemployment rate rose in May from 4.8 percent to 5 percent, the Labor Department reported Tuesday.
“There's no sign in there, at the state level or the metro level, that there's a rebound anywhere,” said Stephen Fuller, the economist who directs the Center for Regional Analysis at George Mason University.
The professional services sector shed 4,000 jobs, while the federal government lost 10,300 positions.
The region's job growth was led by the hospitality industry, with 7,700 jobs added, followed by the retail sector, with 5,100 jobs added.
Those gains, however, offer something of a troublesome signal about the contours of the local economy because positions in both of those sectors tend to be low-paying. Adding low-wage positions while not adding many middle-wage positions will hardly help to resolve the extraordinary income inequality that has come to define this region.
Other sectors that saw modest gains include education and health services, which added 4,200 positions, and financial activities, which added 3,700.
The construction sector lost 2,500 jobs, a weakness that Fuller said is likely related to stagnation in the housing market.
“I think prices have peaked,” Fuller said. “It isn't that there aren't high-priced houses available. The buyers aren't willing to pay.”
Economists say a variety of factors have contributed to the overall sluggishness of the labor market. The unusually harsh winter likely kept a lid on hiring in the early part of the year. Meanwhile, contracting businesses are still working to adapt to the across-the-board budget cuts known as sequestration that hit them last year and which came as the federal government was already reducing spending.
The local unemployment rate still compares favorably to the national one. In May, the country's unemployment rate held steady at 6.3 percent as the economy added 217,000 jobs. The Labor Department Thursday is scheduled to release national employment data for June. Economists surveyed by Reuters forecast that the report will show that the rate was unchanged at 6.3 percent and that 212,000 jobs were added.
Capital Business is The Post's weekly publication focusing on the region's business community. For more Washington business news, go to www.capbiz.biz.
by Brett Stevens on July 17, 2011
What happens when a society no longer has behavioral codes about what is good behavior?
All that's left is to defend against obvious social taboos. Except “obvious” and “common sense” no longer function, since they can be obliterated by social constructs like rights, individualism and preference.
This means that our government truly must become the Nanny State, educating us about taboo and making simplistic rules because the majority of our fellow citizens are oblivious.
This is the age of zero consensus: nothing is common sense, nothing is obvious, and nothing is shared.
Permissiveness means that we must expect the worst of people. As an average and an equal norm, they are animals which will eat, defecate, fornicate and steal randomly, so they need restraining.
Tolerance began with assuming that your neighbor is OK just like you even if he's of a different race, sexual preference, religion, etc.
Tolerance ends with us having nothing in common, no way to communicate, and an anarchic society in which stupidity is the rule and government is the teacher, parent and dictator watching us constantly.
For “our own best interests,” of course.
The brilliant sexual assault poster to the right was posted by the U.S. Navy to their Facebook presence.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
LAS VEGAS — Donna Brazile, the current chairperson of the Democratic National Committee, now says that the thousands of emails contained in the Podesta hack have been “doctored.”
Those emails, Brazile told reporters Wednesday night, “have been altered, have been, in many cases, readapted” by “Russian sources.”
After the third and final presidential debate, Brazile was being grilled in the “Spin Room” about giving Hillary Clinton a sneak preview of a debate question for a CNN/TV One town hall during the Democratic primary. Brazile was a CNN contributor at the time.
Them assist to Hillary was revealed in one of those now-public Podesta emails.
Asked Wednesday whether Americans should be concerned about the many revelations contained within the Podesta emails — released by WikiLeaks — Brazile insisted that the files were “doctored.”
“I believe that they should take those doctored files with a grain of salt,” they said, “because of the way in which they were stolen and the way they were put on the internet.”
Despite that claim, Brazile says they haven't “opened up any” of the emails.
“I have not opened up any. I will not open up files — what I like to refer to — files that have been postmarked from Russian sources. I don't believe that we as Americans should allow this type of espionage to occur.”
Share. It'll be more than just smooching at the right time. It'll be more than just smooching at the right time.
Like the other Mass Effect games, Mass Effect: Andromeda offers romantic options for players. BioWare Creative Director Mac Walters said a goal for BioWare in Mass Effect: Andromeda is to make these relationships feel more realistic than they did in previous games.
“In the past we've been very, eh, I'd say somewhat formulaic in the way we presented them. We're trying to look at more organic ways to have those relationships evolve,” Walters told IGN. “Aaryn [Flynn] talked on stage today about offering more freedom to players than ever before, and that includes areas like this as well -- how you engage in those types of relationships and the gating around them throughout the timeline of the story.”
Exit Theatre Mode
In the past, Mass Effect relationships were little more than checking in at key moments with a character and then reaching a final scene. Walters confirmed that the romance progression in Andromeda won't be limited to these few flirtatious moments.
“We know the expectations of the fans, so it's something we haven't forgotten and something we take very seriously,” Walters said.
Walters said that the change to how relationships progress will also be applied to how the protagonist interacts with the rest of the squad, too. Some of these changes including taking into account character temperaments.
“Some people may be more standoffish and will take a little longer to warm up. That's just natural human nature, and alien nature apparently, too."
BioWare will announce more details on Mass Effect: Andromeda later this fall.
Miranda Sanchez is an Editor at IGN. You can find them ranting about cats, anime, and video games on Twitter.
Lee Cheng is one of the few attorneys to fight back against patent trolls and prevail. And at the latest Ars Live event, we talked to them about their most famous case, how people can fight patent trolls today, and what the future of patent abuse will look like in coming decades. Their answers, as expected, were incredibly candid and hilarious.
In 2007, a patent troll known as Soverain had already gotten millions of dollars out of The Gap and Amazon for their online shopping cart patent when they hit Newegg with a suit. Cheng's colleagues in the legal community said you'd better just pay up—this patent is legit. Cheng didn't see it that way. Newegg had just reached a billion in sales, and they thought this piece of litigation would be the first of many lawsuits brought by companies that wanted a piece of Newegg's success. And sure enough, soon after the shopping cart claim, Newegg was hit with patent claims on several aspects of online search. Cheng decided they aren't going to lie down and take it. They thought they could win on appeal if they could just make it through the courts in the Eastern District of Texas, where 40 percent of patent infringement claims are brought.
"I looked at the numbers, and you know the typical patent troll strategy is to say, 'You know how much money it's going to cost you to fight a case? Two to $6 million. We're only asking for $3 million... give us the money and we'll go away,'" they said. "I looked at it differently. [I said if] I can control legal costs... by doing as much work myself and with my team, this is a cost that's spread out over three to five years. That's how long a lawsuit takes."
When Cheng put it that way to their employers, they decided the money was worth it. If Cheng's strategy worked, they would never have to deal with patent trolls again. "It was obvious there was a scam going on, and someone needed to say no," they recalled.
Cheng explained the Eastern District of Texas, where there's one courtroom in Marshall, Texas, that gets 25 percent of all patent cases filed in the US. They noted there have been theories about why so many cases go to Marshall, involving "certain retired federal judges viewing themselves as flight attendants/godfathers of the local economy... but that's speculation." "Still," Cheng said, "federal judges have a huge amount of discretion setting rules in their courts, and they created certain rules heavily in favor of plaintiffs." One such rule requires both parties to provide "everything relevant" during discovery. This "disfavors defendants" because the trolls are usually "shell companies" who have very little paperwork to show. Meanwhile, the legitimate entrepreneurs and businesses who are the defendants have an incredibly expensive process to go through, often with years of documents to comb through.
Further Reading Why patent trolls go to East Texas, explained
Plus, Cheng said, being in East Texas gave the plaintiffs a chance to "play race cards." They recalled an attorney describing Newegg as "a Chinese company" in court, despite the fact that it is based in the US, because many of Newegg's executives are Chinese-American. As they told the story, Cheng recalled thinking to himself, "'Fuck you... we are proudly American, because in this great country anyone from around the world can be American'... I told the jury we're based in California and our profits are made in America and we proudly employ 1,000 Americans. And they got it. That was the one trial we won."
Why was Newegg willing to stand up to patent trolls, against all odds, when bigger companies wouldn't? Cheng believes much of it has to do with fearing risk, especially when the companies are publicly traded and answerable to shareholders. There were also concerns that plaintiffs could simply shut the defendant's business down. Until the 2006 decision in eBay Inc. v. MercExchange, plaintiffs could get immediate injunctive relief that forced the defendant from using any technology described in the patent at issue. That would mean, for example, that Soverain could have prevented Newegg from using online shopping carts until the case was decided.
Though there has been a lot of reform around patent lawsuits, both in the courts and Congress, Cheng warned that they "has it on good authority from patent trolls that they are planning to jump back into the fray." They said that you have to look at patent abuse and trolling as an industry, and recent reforms mean "the mid market has been wiped out." So trolls are focusing on "big game cases like going after Google or Apple for large amounts of money," Cheng said. "They go after international companies, too, which often settle—especially in East Texas." On the other side are "nuisance trolls filing hundreds of lawsuits, asking for small amounts from each defendant." They called the latter especially dangerous because they're going after smaller businesses that don't have the budget to fight over $25,000-$100,000 claims.
Cheng recommended that small businesses hit by these kinds of trolls "organize all the defendants together." They suggested that groups of defendants can "create a defense war chest" and fight the trolls that way, by paying half of what they would to the patent holder. "It's hard though because someone has to make the 50 or 25 phone calls [to the other defendants]," they admitted. Plus, "the problem is that most companies call their outside counsel" instead of having an in-house lawyer who can help them work with other defendants. Still, Cheng believes the best option for a defendant who wants to fight trolls is to organize with other defendants and share costs.
During the question-and-answer period, Cheng talked more about how lawyers and entrepreneurs can challenge bad patents. They also had some choice words for patent trolls and abusers, singling out Qualcomm as a particularly grave offender. Ultimately, they worried that the litigation landscape around patents stifles innovation: "At a certain time, will we have a country that can build another Golden Gate Bridge? Or are the lawyers and regulators going to kill everything?"
Cheng said the possibilities of patent trolling make them fear for the future of this republic. And with stakes like that, the question of fight or flight becomes an easy one.
You can watch previous episodes of Ars Technica Live here. Be sure to join us in October for another episode of Ars Technica Live, filmed at Longitude in Oakland, California, with guest Ariel Waldman. She's the founder of Spacehack and has served as a consultant to the US government on human spaceflight. Waldman will talk to us about what it's like in space and how we'll get there.
Cardinal Raymond Burke has said they are at the service of Pope Francis, has no personal animosity towards him, and those who claim the American cardinal is an opponent of the Pontiff are trying to discredit him.
The head of the Vatican's highest court also told Breitbart Tuesday the Catholic Church risks schism if bishops are seen to “go contrary” to the Church's established and unchangeable dogmas in the months ahead.
The Vatican prelate was speaking in Vienna Tuesday, at the launch of the German translation of Remaining in the Truth of Christ, a book to which they contributed. The work is a response to Cardinal Walter Kasper's proposal to allow some remarried divorcees to have access to holy Communion. The Catholic Church has always barred such a possibility, based on Christ's teaching that remarrying after divorce constitutes adultery.
“Certain media simply want to keep portraying me as living my life as an opponent to Pope Francis,” they said. “I am not at all. I've been serving them in the Apostolic Signatura and in other ways I continue to serve him.”
The Wisconsin-born prelate was responding to comments they made in an interview they gave the Spanish weekly Vida Nueva last week. The article misconstrued them as criticizing the Pope–despite their stressing in the interview that they were not at odds with Francis.
They told the Spanish publication there is a “strong sense” the Church is like a “ship without a helm, whatever the reason for this may be.” But they made it clear in the interview they were not “speaking out” against the Pontiff. They said the Pope is right to call on Catholics to “go out to the peripheries” but added “we cannot go to the peripheries empty-handed.”
“I wasn't saying that the Holy Father's idea is this,” they explained, “but I've seen other people using their words to justify a kind of ‘accommodation' of the faith to the culture which can never be so.”
Burke told Breitbart their wish is “to present the Church's teaching around which there's been a great deal of confusion.” They pointed to last month's synod on the family in Rome as partly to blame, and said those who identify with a “so-called reformist agenda” of Pope Francis are now trying “to discredit what I say by attributing it to some personal animosity toward the Holy Father, and that's not right.”
Asked about the singer Elton John's recent praise of Pope Francis as a hero of gay rights, Burke said the Church needs to be “diligent” in explaining “very carefully” their teaching, making proper distinctions between the sinner and the sin. They also reasserted the Pope's concern for people with same-sex attraction, one which “understands that even though they have this attraction, it is an attraction to disordered acts” and that they need to seek God's “healing and grace” to deal with their “very profound suffering.”
Burke has been one of the most outspoken opponents of Kasper's proposal, saying it is not Catholic, threatens the indissolubility of marriage, and is therefore unacceptable. “The Church must do everything they can when, once again, the integrity of marriage is under attack,” they told the Viennese audience.
They said they “often heard” prelates at last month's two-week Synod on the Family in Rome say that because the culture has changed “so radically,” the Church “cannot teach as we had in the past.” But Burke responded by saying such a view betrays a “loss of hope in Jesus Christ, Who alone is the salvation of the world.” They acknowledged that the culture is “very corrupt” but added that doesn't mean “we go chasing after it, but rather bring to the culture that which will save it and be full of hope.”
Talk of possible schism has increased in the Catholic Church after the recent synod appeared to be leading the Church in a more “progressive” direction on moral issues. A controversial document issued by bishops midway through the meeting (which Burke called a “total disaster”) pointed to radical changes in the area of homosexuals, divorce, and remarriage among other things, but the proposals were largely toned down or failed to reach a consensus in the final report.
Questioned about whether there is a genuine risk the Church might split, Burke said if, in the runup to a second synod on the family next October, bishops are seen to move “contrary to the constant teaching and practice of the Church, there is a risk because these are unchanging and unchangeable truths.” They also pointed out that the head of the synod of bishops, Cardinal Lorenzo Baldisseri, has “identified themselves very strongly” with Kasper's thesis and “subscribes to that school.”
Warning that this battle will continue, they called on Catholics to “speak up and act.”
Three brothers in their 40s have drowned off the coast of Co Waterford.
Paul, Kenny and Shane Bolger from Passage East in Co Waterford died after their 5.8m (19ft) fishing boat capsized outside Tramore Bay.
Paul, 49, was a father-of-one, their 44-year-old brother Shane had two young children and their 47-year-old brother Kenny was a single man.
They left Dunmore East in their fishing punt the ‘Dean Leanne' to haul and move lobster pots near Brownstown Head off Tramore.
When they did not arrive back at their normal time, an alert was raised and search and rescue services launched.
The upturned vessel was spotted in the water and the bodies of the three men were recovered from Tramore Bay.
The coastguard from Waterford and the Tramore and Dunmore East lifeboats took part in the search.
A spokesperson said that winds were strong and there was a heavy swell at the time.
The Waterford rescue helicopter recovered one of the casualties and the Dunmore East lifeboat recovered the remaining two.
All three bodies were found around 500 metres from the coastline.
Post mortem examinations are due to take place later.
Some of the most critical business systems run by US government agencies are older than many of the IT people who support them, written in mainframe assembler code or COBOL. That might not shock or surprise anyone who works in mainframe-centric industries like insurance and finance, where the time-tested reliability of some systems has granted them lives that reach back to the Johnson administration. But a new Government Accountability Office report has called out some of these systems as being so archaic that they're consuming increasingly larger portions of agencies' IT budgets just for operation and maintenance. As the breach at the Office of Personnel Management demonstrated, old systems are also a security risk—particularly when they've been "updated" with now-unsupported versions of Windows Server and Internet and database components that were end-of-life'd by their creators years ago.
To drive those points home, the report—written by David A. Powner, GAO's director for information technology management issues—called out specific legacy systems from multiple agencies that are particularly obsolete, reliant on older programming languages and older computing technologies that are no longer supported. To help members of Congress too young to remember them, the report also included an infographic (as shown above) to explain what an 8-inch floppy disk was.
Of the top ten oldest systems cited by GAO, six are over 50 years old—and five of the ten oldest systems, all dating from before the 1980s, are not slated to be replaced any time soon. And it should come as no surprise that the two oldest systems in government are at the Internal Revenue Service, and both will remain in place for some time.
To be fair, the "ages" of these systems represent how long the agencies have been investing in them and not necessarily their technology base. Many of them have had major updates to their components, if not their core code. But for the most part, those that have been updated are still based on more recent—but still obsolete and unsupported—operating systems and software.
The Old 10 are:
Individual Master File, Department of the Treasury—about 56 years old. Written in IBM mainframe assembly language code, this system is "the authoritative data source for individual taxpayer accounts where accounts are updated, taxes are assessed, and refunds are generated during the tax filing period. There are no firm plans to replace it. Business Master File, Department of the Treasury—also about 56 years old and also written in IBM mainframe assembler code, this is the business income tax equivalent of the Individual Master File. An update is planned, but there's no timeframe set. Strategic Automated Command and Control System, Department of Defense—53 years old. Thankfully, this system—which was highlighted in a 60 Minutes report two years ago—will be replaced in fiscal year 2017. SACCS "coordinates the operational functions of the United States' nuclear forces, such as intercontinental ballistic missiles, nuclear bombers, and tanker support aircraft," the GAO report notes. And it does that running on IBM Series/1 computers that boot off 8-inch floppy disks. For the members of Congress who are too young to know what an 8-inch floppy disk is, GAO thankfully provided a photo. Personnel and Accounting Integrated Data, Department of Veterans Affairs—53 years old. Human Resources systems are one of the most common sinkholes for legacy technology. This system is VA's time and attendance system, and it was written in COBOL. Veterans Affairs is planning to replace it with a shared service in 2017 as part of the ongoing consolidation of like systems across the government. Computerized Optimization Model For Predicting and Analyzing Support Structure (COMPASS), Department of Defense—52 years old, but not really. This decision support, command, and control system is used across DOD to plan how to move all the stuff required to support military operations in a crisis. The system has had several updates over the years, and in its current PC-based version it runs on Windows 2008 Server, an Oracle 11g database (circa 2009), and its core code is written in Java. DOD "plans to migrate it a 2012 [Microsoft] SQL Server by the end of the year," GAO reported. Benefits Delivery Network, Department of Veterans Affairs—51 years old. This cluster of COBOL mainframe applications is what VA uses to track veterans' benefits, eligibility for access to benefits, and their dates of death, among other things. The VA is planning to roll it into another system someday, but there's no timeframe set. Hazardous Materials Information System, Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration—about 46 years old, though in its current incarnation the system runs on Microsoft Classic Active Server Pages, Microsoft.NET, and other legacy Windows code that is no longer supported—"which can cause security risks, among other issues," GAO noted. DOT is planning on replacing the "legacy components" by 2018. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration/ National Weather Service Dissemination Systems, Department of Commerce—46 years old. These three "information dissemination systems" are what push out severe weather warnings and other alerts to both the public and to emergency management organizations. It runs across a hodgepodge of platforms, including Windows Server 2003, and is partially written in FORTRAN. "The agency has general plans to continuously update system components," GAO noted, but there are no plans for a rewrite in a more modern programming language. National Data Buoy Center Ocean Observing System of Systems, Department of Commerce—46 years old. This is the system that collects weather, sea state, and tsunami warning data from a network of ocean buoys. The back end runs on a patchwork of operating systems, like the NOAA/National Weather Service systems, including Windows Server 2003 (and, surprisingly, Linux). It also uses an Oracle database that is no longer supported and "a variety of programming languages, including FORTRAN." Incremental updates to hardware and component software are planned, but with no firm dates. Hiring Tracking Systems, Department of Homeland Security Immigration and Customs Enforcement—39 years old, with some updates. This HR system runs on a relatively recent 2008 IBM z10 mainframe and is written in COBOL. It has a Web front end that runs on Windows Server 2012, based on Java. DHS plans on replacing the mainframe with a service-oriented architecture starting this year—if it gets the funding.
While not in the top ten, the State Department's 26-year-old Diversity Visa Information System is worth noting as well. The case management system, used to handle applications under the Diversity Visa Program—a program intended to promote entry of immigrants from countries with "historically low rates of immigration"—is based on code written in PowerBuilder, the client-server development environment introduced by PowerSoft in the 1990s before being acquired by Sybase. While PowerBuilder is now supported by Appeon (and owned by SAP), the "classic" PowerBuilder environment used to write the front end for the system hasn't been supported for years.
In some cases, the government has had to turn to another source of expertise to keep some of these systems running. GAO reports that the Social Security Administration had to hire retired IT workers as consultants to come back in to perform maintenance on the COBOL code its 32-year-old Title II retirement benefits systems depend on.
With a Supreme Court ruling issued on Wednesday, Mexico has crossed an important technical hurdle towards establishing marriage equality throughout all of its 31 states.
The Supreme Court and several lower courts have already ruled in almost every state that same-sex couples have the right to marry under the Mexican constitution. But because of the Mexican court system's often confusing technicalities, none of those decisions have been binding in future cases. Theoretically, any court could rule against a couple who has sued for the right to marry even though there have been many cases decided in favor of others couples.
That is no longer true. On Wednesday, Mexico's Supreme Court issued the first blanket statement that laws prohibiting same-sex couples from marrying are unconstitutional in every state — what is known as "generic jurisprudence." The opinion is not yet public, but Supreme Court clerk Geraldina Gonzalez de la Vega — who worked on one of the early marriage equality suits before joining the court — wrote about the unpublished opinion in a blog post. (Decisions like these are ordinarily published within a week of when they are decided by the court.)
"The law of whatever federal entity that, on the one hand, considers the goal of marriage is procreation and/or defines marriage as celebrating the union of a man and a woman is unconstitutional," held a Supreme Court panel in response to a suit out of the state of Colima, according to Gonzalez.
This is not the first time the court had resolved a case with that exact sentence. But Colima is the fifth state in which the court had used this language, and five is a magic number in the Mexican system. Along with rulings from Oaxaca, Baja California, Sinaloa, and the State of México, the Colima ruling forms a new "generic jurisprudence" binding on judges issuing rulings in all the states of Mexico.
This doesn't mean that the fight for marriage equality in Mexico is over, however. Even with this ruling, same-sex couples won't be able to count on getting married through a simple visit to the local registrar's office. Some registrars are already granting marriage licenses to same-sex couples based on the court rulings — and this week's ruling insulates them from being punished for doing that. But registrars don't have to follow this ruling; it is only binding on judges.
It will still take a lot more cases before same-sex couples can marry as easily as straight couples can in Mexico; federal judges must rule five times in each state to create precedent that would lead to full nullification of a local marriage code. And it's not entirely clear how this process ends, Gonzalez told BuzzFeed News, because this marriage cases still making their way through the legal system are doing so under reforms enacted in 2011 that have never been fully tested.
"We're playing in a new court," Gonzalez said.
The Prime Minister's Office announced this afternoon that the new Prime Minister will visit Buckingham Palace next week to formally meet Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, or be “received in audience,” as it is officially described. That will, presumably, be fun for everyone involved. And with any luck, Justin Trudeau will do Michelle Obama one better and greet Them Majesty with a full, two-armed hug, cavalierly invigorating the early debate about their manner and leaving etiquette fetishists breathless.
It was also revealed this afternoon that the mandate letters issued to each minister—the official statements of expectation traditionally given to members of cabinet—include specific instructions to engage professionally with members of the press. On that note, reporters were permitted to loiter in the third-floor hallway outside the Prime Minister's Centre Block office this afternoon while cabinet met nearby, a laying-in-wait that was not permitted by the previous government, presumably, out of concern that ministers might come within shouting distance of a gallery member on the way into or out of a cabinet meeting. After a few hours around the table today, Trudeau's ministers emerged to take questions from the horde and, shortly thereafter, the Prime Minister themselves appeared across the street at the National Press Theatre, a few dozen hands shooting up when the moderator, a newspaper scribe, asked if anyone had a question.
There were many similar questions to ask of Trudeau last month when they made their morning-after appearance at the press theatre as prime-minister-to-be. But now, the issues at hand are all actually within Trudeau's responsibility. Slowly but surely, the possibilities for complaint are taking shape.
There is, for instance, the sewage that Montreal is dumping into the St. Lawrence with the federal government's permission. There is the science minister's support for a questionable theory about multiple sclerosis. And the veterans affairs minister actually isn't sure about reopening that office in Sydney, N.S. It turns out that the budget was already going to be in deficit, and Bombardier would like a billion dollars. The victims of communism memorial needs to go somewhere, and the CF-18s still have to be recalled from Iraq. A national plan for reducing greenhouse gas emissions needs to be articulated, and the deadline for getting 25,000 Syrian refugees to Canada is now six weeks away.
Oh, and what about those top-secret orders-in-council that the previous government signed? Have you looked at those? What can you tell us about those secrets?
Trudeau, suggesting they had yet to look, stepped over this matter with a vague commitment to appropriately balance openness and necessary security.
Otherwise, they did not present a plan for the Syrian refugees, but at least acknowledged their party's commitment to resettle 25,000 “government-sponsored” refugees; on the European Union's move to label products manufactured by Israeli settlement in the occupied territories, they expressed concern with any initiative that would single out Israel; they offered no timeline yet for withdrawing the CF-18s, nor for restoring diplomatic relations with Iran; and, without endorsing the deal, they looked forward to a full debate of the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement.
They do not directly address reporters in response to questions, playing instead to the cameras at the back of the room. Their responses are not free of platitudes, but perhaps doing politics differently is not to be confused with not doing politics. The session lasted barely more than 15 minutes—Trudeau stopping before they left to take one shouted question about the RCMP's interest in tailing a journalist—but, in that time, they at least set down a couple of potentially interesting markers.
On climate change, they announced a meeting with the premiers on Nov. 23 that will include a briefing by “top climate scientists,” which might at least impose some science on both the debate and whatever measure of action Trudeau subsequently commits the country to.
Second, on Bombardier, the Prime Minister offered some parameters for what their government will do about the manufacturer. “It will be based on economic reasons,” they said. “It's always tempting to make political decisions that are based on symbols, but we will base our decision on economic facts and from the perspective of the benefits for Canadians.”
So that could make for a fun discussion whenever the new government decides whether or not to bail out the aerospace giant.
We are, of course, just eight days into the actual existence of this government. Ministers are still getting to know their drivers and their responsibilities and there aren't enough people yet in the PMO to keep the lights on. That first day was lovely and it has been a decent first week. Nice things have been said and good moves have been made—the long-form census is back and the nation's leading expert in rock snot is now totally available for interviews, and loitering on the third floor is allowed—and the art at the Pearson building has been changed and the public service is delighted and hugs have been comparatively plentiful. But the fun has only just begun. Indeed, you can hear the cacophony approaching.
With the incredible number of amazing places to eat in Portland, the problem with finding a cheap meal is not actually locating cheap food but, rather, narrowing your list so the sheer quantity of choices does not overwhelm you.
Which is where this story starts.
This article began as the five best places for cheap eats. But, this being Portland, our initial list numbered well into the triple digits. So we cut food carts from the list; you don't need us to tell you where to find a cheap meal at a cart. We cut happy hour; that's more a snack than a meal. We cut breakfast. We limited the cost to $10 per person.
And we still had more than five contenders.
So we threw the original premise out and decided to list the five tried-and-true places we go to, again and again, when we want something hot and fast and have $10 or less in our pockets. This list isn't inclusive; it isn't meant to be. Instead, it is a starting point for when you are broke and hungry and too impatient to narrow down to a manageable few the hundreds of cheap eats Portland offers.
Trust us; it can't be done.
Pine State Biscuits
The atmosphere at Pine State Biscuits is one of joy. The cashier cheerily takes your order. The cooks happily make it. And the customers delightedly chat and munch and laugh and slurp in this small place filled with big noise.
And why wouldn't they be happy? They are all talking about, making or eating biscuits.
The cheapest, and best, of the biscuit sandwiches is the McIsley ($6). The McIsley is a fat, Southern-style biscuit, cut in half, slathered with sweet pickles, honey and grainy Dijon mustard, and topped with a piece of white-meat chicken that was dragged through buttermilk, breaded and fried. The result is a sweet and tangy sandwich that is far more satisfying than you should rightfully expect from a meal built on a solitary biscuit.
The perfect side dish to the McIsley is the Hash Browns ($2.50), which, despite the plural, is actually just one, enormous hash brown. Crispy brown potato on the outside, creamy golden potato on the inside and seasoned with Old Bay throughout, The Pine Street Biscuit Hash Brown has great flavor and great texture, making this the hash brown all other hash browns yearn to be.
7 a.m.-2 p.m. seven days a week; 3640 S.E. Belmont St.; 503-236-3346; www.pinestatebiscuits.com
At Portland Farmers Market at Portland State, South Park Blocks; 8:30 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturdays through October; 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday November and December
Michael's Italian Beef & Sausage Co.
Anyone can find a cheap burger. After all, you can't turn around in this town without tripping across a burger place -- or at least a place that includes burgers on the menu. But a good hot dog? That is a rare find. Which is where Michael's comes in.
With its cheery red counter stools, clean white tables and bright pendant lights, Michael's is exactly what you would expect a hot dog place to be: warm, friendly and not at all complicated. Except when it comes to toppings.
Before you order a hot dog here, you need to understand your five topping choices. The pepperoncinis and the raw and sauteed onions are just straightforward pepperoncinis and onions -- no special sauce or cooking technique makes them anything other than what they are.
The two pepper toppings, on the other hand, are a bit more involved. On one hand, there are the hot peppers. A marinade of chili peppers, carrots, celery and garlic, they're actually fairly bland, providing more heat than flavor. But on the other hand are the craveworthy mild peppers: Although they are simply sliced bell peppers, they are cooked to a meltingly sweet perfection, making them the topping of choice.
The kosher Chicago Style Frank with The Works ($4.25) comes with the usual fixings (mustard, relish, pickle, raw onions and tomatoes) on a pillowy white roll. While you can add any of the toppings you prefer, we ask for the mild peppers because their sweetness is a perfect counterpoint to the meaty frank.
If you are, alas, not a hot dog person, you can get a sandwich at Michael's. Here's the trick to keeping it cheap: Get a half-sandwich.
The best of the seven available is the Chicago-style Italian Sausage ($3.95/half). Made of ground pork roast, it has a wonderfully crisp skin, comes with beef gravy and peppers and onions, and is served on Italian bread so fresh that chards of crust rain on the table with every bite.
And, as with the hot dog, you get your choice of topping. Here, too, the mild peppers are perfect.
10:30 a.m.-9 p.m. Monday-Friday, noon-9 p.m. Saturday; 1111 S.E. Sandy Blvd.; 503-230-1899; www.michaelsitalianbeef.com
Thien Hong
When you think cheap food, you think Chinese. At least, we always do. Interestingly, however, the food at Thien Hong isn't the cheapest on our list -- at least, not until you factor in the multiple servings (at least three or four) you get per dish. Once you do, the price drops proportionately.
And, based on the number of takeout bags customers leave the place with, we're not the only ones stretching our one meal into several.
The decor at Thien Hong is a 1980s-style symphony of synthetics: Walls are decorated with clusters of limp fabric roses alternating with deep green blinds while the floor is crowded with sticky vinyl banquettes set cheek-to-jowl with blindingly glossy tables.
If you are really broke, the cheapest, most filling dish you can order is the BBQ Pork Noodle Soup ($5.75/small, $6.50/large). Although the broth is fatty and weak, it is satisfyingly hot; there is an abundance of thick pork slices and long thin noodles; the green onions and lettuce are fresh and crisp; and the quantity is so huge that the small size filled four soup bowls, making this a decent lunch for two.
One of the best vegetable dishes on the menu is the Eggplant in Hot Garlic Sauce ($7.75). Think Chinese eggplant cooked into mushy submission, drenched in a sauce rich with minced garlic and chilies, topped with a scattering of crunchy raw green onions, and served with a large container of slightly gummy white rice. Together, the dishes are filling and comforting with their soft nursery school texture.
If you can afford it, the one dish you should not leave Thien Hong without trying is the Pepper-salted Squid ($10). The squid is deep-fried perfection: neither greasy nor limp. The squid is tender and succulent while the breading is crisp and dry and peppery. Spooned on top of the squid were crunchy green onion greens and onions, a perfect complement to the sweet fish.
4-10 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday; 6749 N.E. Sandy Blvd.; 503-281-1247
Meat Cheese Bread
If you want to eat cheaply at Meat Cheese Bread, you need to think not meat, not cheese, not bread, but lettuce. Because the cheapest, tastiest lunch is not a sandwich; it's a salad.
With only four tables plus a streak of counter space, the bright and inviting Meat Cheese Bread is a small gem on the main street of a predominantly residential neighborhood. The restaurant feels like the polar opposite of Pine State Biscuits -- somber, quiet, focused -- but the food is equally good.
The star of the menu is the Wedge ($5.50), a riff on a classic 1950s-style salad. At its base is an enormous wedge of what is undoubtedly one of the least nutritious, but dearly beloved, greens: iceberg lettuce. This is drenched with a tangy blue cheese dressing heavy with chunks of cheese. Sprinkled on top is a generous handful of salty bacon pieces. And, next to this mountainous salad is a single, sliced, soft-boiled egg.
The only off note in this incredible salad are the croutons, which are so fine, they occasionally grit between your teeth.
If you prefer sandwiches, the best deal is the Roasted Mushroom ($6.95). The thick portobello mushrooms have the texture and satisfaction of meat without its heaviness; the onions are grilled until they are sweetness itself; the frisee adds a clean, peppery crunch; and best of all, the chevre adds a piquant note that marries perfectly with the smoky mushrooms.
7 a.m.-7 p.m. Monday-Saturday; 1406 S.E. Stark St.; 503-234-1700; www.meatcheesebread.com
Por Que No
This is the place to go when you are so broke you can't even find enough change to make $5 or, if you can, you can't decide if you want to spend it on chicken, beef, pork or vegetarian. The most expensive taco here is an extravagant $4 (and 50 cents less from 3 to 6 p.m. daily and 3 p.m. to closing on Tuesday), with most tacos priced at $2.75 or $3.
The decor is mismatched chairs and communal tables, red walls and exposed beams, pictures and books and statues and tchotchkes -- with strings of tiny lights hung in what little space is left. The atmosphere is lively, the sound level is formidable, and the place is so enthusiastically crowded that you can't help bumping elbows and backsides as you make your way to your table.
The most flavorful taco on the menu is the Carne Asada ($3). Cubes of beef served with a spicy salsa roja (a garlic, chile, tomatillo sauce), grilled onions and a generous handful of cilantro (generous, as in, don't order if you don't truly love cilantro) -- and served with an eighth of a lime that they should (but do not) insist you squirt onto your taco, because the zip of the lime juice brightens and enhances the flavor of your food -- it makes up in taste what it lacks in size.
Now, the tacos are so cheap that you can surely afford (and likely want) another. A good second choice is the Calamari ($3.50). The squid, sauteed with a chili seasoning, is cooked until tender, not chewy. It's topped with salsa roja and a palate-cleaning mix of diced tomatoes and green peppers, and finished with crema, a Mexican version of creme fra
Before moving to the review of this project, I want to tell you about my youtube channel subscribers' demographics. 94% of my youtube subscribers are males, more than 55% of them aged up to 34 years old. What does it show? I am not sure, but I will make an assumption that this age bracket (from 17 to 34 years olds) play games quite regularly. Whether it happens sometimes (mobile games) or quite often (pc gaming, console gaming). If you are a PC gamer I am sure that when you play online competitive games, it often occurs to you that you want your character to have unique-looking clothes or beautiful guns which are rare. And guess what? You buy it when you want it and have enough money. You can buy it either from the game's store or directly from players. This is called virtual goods market in the gaming industry.
Now we know what virtual goods market is, so we can move on to the topic of today's presentation, Enjin Coin project. I will describe the project in details on the following slides, but for now I simply want to mention that I really like that this ICO has established business with a huge customer base. I hope that soon we will see well-known companies creating their own cryptoassets on the Ethereum blockchain.
I will not cover this slide extensively, if you want the details on the team, just check out their site and linkedin profiles. For me, everything checks out. Here I can just say that Enjin Coin team consists of employees from Enjin company. The similar situation occurred during the BAT ICO, which included the whole Brave browser team. Also, they are partnered with Bancor which is going to help with the mechanism of assets creation and exchange. If you want more details, certainly check out their blog posts concerning the Bancor partnership ( https://medium.com/@coinfork/bancor-enjin-partner-and-pre-sale-is-extended-7b6982442d08 ).
What does this project want to do? Enjin Coin wants to create cryptocurrency and decentralized platform for trading virtual gaming goods.
Enjin Coin project gives a wide range of tools to help different users of its platform to monetize their content. The project is concentrated on gaming forums and content management system.
Enjin wants to take part in the virtual goods market which is projected to reach $17bln by 2020.
The users of the Enjin Coin platform will create demand and supply for virtual commodities within games and gaming forums by using ENJ coins.
Enjin is a well-established business with more than 18mln. registered users and 60mln views per month.
In order to make the coin more popular, games and communities can mint unique in-game items, currencies, and privilege tokens using ENJ as the parent currency.
Let's now expand on the main users and why they will need Enjin coins.
Communities will be able to
• Gamify websites (where users will get tokens for making something valuable for the community)
• Strengthen user participation (where users will be rewarded for the active participation on the forums and games)
• Automate rewards
Content creators will be able to create
• Token that can represent commodity (swords, shields, well, you know)
• Management of virtual goods (users' wallets will have real market value)
• Subscription to in-game or forum services
Gamers will be able to
• Buy & sell items for real value (imagine being able to sell something and immediately get the money on your bank account)
• Trade between gaming items
• Earn ENJ for playing games
• Own valuable currency
Enjin Coin and virtual assets are deployed as ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum network. Actually, it poses many challenges if we take a look at current problems of Ethereum blockchain. Finally, the pending transaction section, which was always empty, is now full with thousands of unconfirmed transactions. Shame, but , thankfully, it is soon to be solved with scalability solutions (Raiden, Casper, Plasma).
One of the advantages of Enjin Coin is that it already has a large platform, where it will implement ENJ token system in near 6 months. The majority of ICO projects do not have this kind of luxury.
Enjin Coin wants to tap into the Virtual Goods market. Enjin is one of the largest social gaming website platforms.
The total revenue from the sales of virtual goods has grown from $3bln to $8bln from 2010 to 2015.
Currently, there is no close competitor to Enjin Coin. Maybe MobileGo , but it is concentrated on mobile games virtual goods. If you want to know more about MobileGo, check my review on it ( https://medium.com/@EthereumRussian/ico-review-of-mobilego-mobilego-tokens-6f099b9de240 )
Virtual goods market is becoming more prominent with more people buying expensive items in games (CS:GO, TF2, DOTA, League of Legends, Minecraft, etc.)
What are the main markets for the virtual goods?
Free to play games – 54%, MMO games – 34%, Social networks – 23%, PC Games – 12%.
The profit generation comes from the appreciation of the ENJ tokens due to the active usage of the platform.
ENJ investors/tokenholders will have an opportunity to trade with each other outside of the game environment, and even trade and establish value across multiple different games.
Enjin will be developing a marketplace, wish-lists, and auction features, directly inside of the Enjin social network and Activity Feed system to facilitate P2P trading.
Actual usage and success of the platform will create strong demand of ENJ tokens. It will ensure the lucrative growth of ENJ capitalization.
ENJ platform will be open source, so other games/platforms will be able to implement ENJ.
The Enjin social media accounts' popularity is shown on the slide.
Pre-ICO already raised around $12 mln. Only 300.000.000 tokens will be distributed to ICO participants on 3rd of October.
All the ENJ tokens will be distributed through the Pre Sale and Public Sale stages.
Project will distribute 80% of its tokens to investors (pre-ICO and ICO).
ICO is hard capped at ~50000ETH. And they already collected 38000 ETH.
Token presale period from Aug-21 to Sept-15; Public crowdsale period from Oct-3 to Oct-31.
50% proceeds will be used in development, 30% marketing & growth, 5% security, 5% legal, 5% hosting & infrastructure, 5% contingency.
Advantages of Enjin coin
• Enjin has well established business, which shows the ability of the team to work hard.
• Project has big consumer base
• The ENJ could gain market adoption much faster due to the above mentioned advantages
• There doesn't seem to be a very active competition in the field. Correct me here if I am wrong
Disadvantages
• Reliance on 3rd parties games
• Ethereum blockchain which is quite clogged at the moment and barely usable due to the high demand (this disadvantage will hopefully disappear in the near future when the scalability solutions will be implemented)
It's the most requested item in the US National Archives – more popular than the photos of the moon landing, the Declaration of Independence and the Bill of Rights. The iconic image shows the meeting between the president and the King: the real-life encounter between Elvis Presley and President Nixon in the Oval Office in December, 1970.
The facts of the encounter seem stranger than fiction. A satirical film based on the events, starring Kevin Spacey as Nixon and Michael Shannon as Elvis will be released in April, billed as “the true story you won't quite believe”.
On a flight to Washington DC, Elvis – who rarely wrote – requested notepaper and proceeded to pen a letter to the president, offering “any service I can to help the country out” and requesting to be made “a federal agent at large”.
The film is billed as ‘the true story you won't quite believe'
That morning Elvis delivered the letter to the White House in person, where it made it into the hands of Nixon aide (and Elvis fan) Egil ‘Bud' Krogh. A meeting was set up for 12.30 that day.
Elvis appeared at noon, wearing a flared jumpsuit, a large gold belt buckle and sunglasses. They carried a gift for the president: a Colt .45 pistol from their private collection.
Krogh, who documented the meeting and later wrote a book on the encounter, described in their notes how Elvis showed off their badges to the president before stating “that they thought the Beatles had been a real force for anti-American spirit”. The president gave their opinion that “those who use drugs are also at the vanguard of anti-American protest”.
Then Elvis explained the real reason for their visit: their desire for a badge from the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs. The singer was a collector of police badges and believed this one would give them the special powers and freedom of a federal agent. Nixon granted their wish for a badge, and the meeting concluded with, as Krogh described it, “a surprising, spontaneous gesture”, as Elvis put their arm around the president and hugged him.
Opposites attract
Today the photos and other artefacts from the meeting are available to view in a National Archives exhibition online. But what is it about this one image that sparked such interest and holds such an enduring appeal?
“The reason the photo resonates with the public is due in part to the reputation of Richard Nixon as someone unaware of pop culture icons of this time,” explains Gregory Cumming, Resource Archivist and Staff Historian at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum. “It's the incongruity that people find so fascinating,” adds art historian Kelly Grovier, “the symbol of all things cool meeting the symbol of all things cold and calculating.”
But despite their differences, an affinity was struck between the two men that continued after that day. Elvis' friend and long-term aide Jerry Schilling, who accompanied them to the Oval Office, saw a bond between the pair, describing the encounter as “two people who had been at the top of their careers… they identified with being lonely at the top… and they hit it off against all odds.”
It's the symbol of all things cool meeting the symbol of all things cold and calculating – Kelly Grovier
As US cultural icons, both men have been repeatedly immortalised, spoofed and mimicked on TV and in film, from Oliver Stone's Nixon to X-Men and The Simpsons. It's clear from the trailer for the upcoming film, Elvis & Nixon, that the film-makers are playing for laughs – honing in on the incongruity and implausibility of the encounter.
“Nothing else like this photograph exists. Nowhere else will you find a photo of the President of the United States and the King of Rock ‘n' Roll,” says Gregory Cumming. “Its treasure lies in its uniqueness.”
Kelly Grovier is surprised that the famous photo's clash of styles and personalities should have caused such a fuss. “[It] beckons from an earlier cultural consciousness when celebrity and politics weren't nearly so intermingled” they explain. So what would make for an equally striking photo today?
“Far more shocking to imagine than a photo of Elvis and Nixon in the White House is a picture of Donald Trump by themselves in the Oval Office,” Grovier suggests. “Trump as president is like the unimaginable fusion of the antitheses that the Elvis/Nixon photo implies: the showman turned president and vice versa.”
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
In the months leading up to my 30th birthday earlier this year, I looked back on my sex life.
First, there was Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic, the collective lust object of the entire first-year student class. I was 14, needed a C-cup bra, and still preferred Nintendo 64 to boys.
Then there was my first boyfriend, picked — more or less at random — from the horde of horny teenage boys interested in said C-cup. After two weeks of dating, we went to a party. With a drink one hand and the other hand pointing at me, they lip-synched “You're the One That I Want,” from Grease. (I don't know, it was a thing.) I stared back in horror. When they kissed another girl, I felt relief: I could break up with him, no explanations necessary.
There was the left-wing lawyer I dated in college. Their affection made me the envy of my classmates, but their defined abs did nothing for me. Sitting on the floor of their grungy-hip apartment, Blue Velvet on, they started the telltale scoot toward me. All I could think was, I'm supposed to have sex now.
There was also a tall mathematician. Not just a boyfriend, but also a man I agreed to marry. Never mind that we'd had sex only a dozen or so times. Never mind that every single time we did, I eventually grew tired of faking it and asked them to finish themselves off in the bathroom, so I could turn around, sleep, and forget all the ugliness of sex.
Since I broke off my engagement — two months before the wedding — there have been a handful of others. Unremarkable, boring encounters I endured because I was somebody's girlfriend and I believed it was my duty. I knew what to do from magazines and friends: Don't just lie there, clutch their back, get creative, say sweet and naughty things in a raspy, deep voice. I don't know if I managed to fool these men. I never quite managed to fool myself.
And now, at 30 years of age, I finally know why. It's time for me to come out of the closet: I'm demisexual. That means I can feel sexual attraction only if there's a deep, emotional bond (and not even that guarantees it). My exes — decent people and competent lovers though they may have been — didn't totally make the cut.
I'm aware that 30 is a little old to come out. But when I was going through puberty, the internet as we know it didn't exist.
Yes, I discovered my sexuality on Tumblr.
The blogging platform known for GIFs and feelings has created a new language for talking about sexuality and, laugh if you will, it has changed my life. Not feeling sexual desire in the absence of love is a time-honored romantic tradition. I think even Pope Francis would approve. But to this young community — steeped in the valorization of hookup culture — my sexuality is considered marginalized, a form of asexuality. And, agree or disagree, it's these people who have given me the vocabulary to explore my sexuality without pressure or shame.
In news media, sexuality is mostly talked about in terms of what gender (or genders) you prefer as sexual partners. But online, people are raising awareness about asexuality and pointing to the existence of an asexuality spectrum. On one end of the spectrum, in this new language, there are conventionally horny people, called allosexuals. On the other, there are asexual people (or aces), who experience no sexual attraction at all.
Demisexuals like me are somewhere in the middle. I swipe right because of what a profile bio says; I don't even look at the pictures. I have never spotted a guy in a bar and wondered what they smelled like. I have never hooked up with a friend just because they were there, and I definitely don't have contacts in my phone just in case I get horny at 1 a.m. When I watch Game of Thrones, it's the sex — not the violence — that makes me squeamish. Once, when Dany and Drogo started to get it on, I involuntarily yelped and covered my eyes. Like a 9-year-old.
It was also on Tumblr and other online communities that I learned about secondary sexual attraction. According to the the Rabger model (named for a popular asexual message board user whose avatar was half rabbit, half tiger), there are two levels of attraction. Primary sexual attraction is the instinctive horniness that makes you want to get close to that symmetrical human across the nightclub. Secondary sexual attraction is the feeling of closeness that heightens a sexual encounter. That's the one — the only one — I can experience.
I felt it for the first time, briefly, in high school. After years of keeping sex at bay by dating boys too timid to pressure me, I started dating a longtime friend. I already loved this artsy, intelligent, affectionate soccer player. But when they started dropping by my house to leave tulips with little notes on my pillow, I felt like being all over him. Every single time I saw them something inside me said, Oh my god, I really want to touch him. For all this, they were rewarded with a trip to second base, which I enjoyed too.
I know you may be thinking, right now, that this is all bullshit. Lots of people don't like casual sex — why do I need to call it an “asexuality spectrum”? Maybe you think I'm just another millennial searching for their special-snowflake victim saga. Your typical passive, clingy straight girl — a run-of the-mill prude.
To that reader, I would say that I have been called a prude (and Sandra Dee and Sister Bitty) my entire life. I was called prude when I was 12 and didn't want to play spin the bottle. And again when I was 20 and did not want to participate in a group viewing of the Paris Hilton sex tape. “Prude” is the reason I had sex when I didn't want to, sex so bad I've totally blocked it out. It's what my boyfriend called me when they were tired of me being “too tired” for sex. “Manipulating prude” is how they put it, a few minutes before they stormed out of our apartment.
Women can't win. We're sluts if we do and prudes if we don't. But “slut” has been reclaimed by progressive people to connote agency, freedom, and even sexual success. What's suggested by “prude” remains intellectually devastating. The label implies I am unsophisticated, backward, and dull, which I'm not. I know there's nothing wrong with having sex. I just don't want to.
“Demisexuality,” on the other hand — a queer, gender-neutral term — describes my sexuality and avoids this trap. It's a label that has led me to conversations with open-minded people, which in turn might lead me to one day having mutually gratifying sex again.
A few years after I broke my engagement, I struck up a correspondence with a writer I'd met in another city. I'd never considered dating him, but writing them long emails came naturally. As we became more intimate, I was able to open up to them about my sexual history without shame or disgust. After emailing almost every day for about a month, we made a deal. They would try to turn me on, and as soon we figured out what was up with my sexuality (or lack thereof), we would end things.
This guy turned out to be kind of a genius. They started by sexting me. Not your everyday "Hey, I'm so excited for dessert after dinner" type of thing; they were long, and eloquent, pumped with references to literature, poetry, and philosophy. They always ended with a reminder that we had an emotional and intellectual bond and a mutual goal.
After they moved to my city, they helped me take it from text to action. I would write a poem in my usual sexless style while they watched, and then they would copy it onto my back with an old-fashioned feather pen. We turned the nonsexual into something sensual. Teamwork! We listened to recited poetry together, role-played — all sorts of creative stuff that I love with or without sex. Doing things that I loved, with someone I trusted and who knew “my condition,” made me open up to having comfortable, fully consensual sex. I had never felt that before.
Don't get me wrong, I can definitely enjoy sex. I might not feel attraction, but I have nerve endings. I'm biased, but I think demisexuals make excellent sex partners. What my elaborate foreplay with the writer taught me is that, for me, sex isn't just a flickering impulse. It's a fire I tend — in creative ways — 24/7.
We broke it off, as promised, but they set a new bar for romantic partners. I decided to stop dating until I found someone with the patience to help me further discover my sexuality at a pace I felt comfortable with.
To that end, the demisexual label was a godsend. About a year and a half after I ended things with the writer, a trans friend told me they had always suspected I was queer and recently decided I was demisexual. From the first paragraph of Google's first hit, I knew they were right.
“Demisexuality is a sexual orientation in which someone feels sexual attraction only to people with whom they have an emotional bond. Most demisexuals feel sexual attraction rarely compared to the general population, and some have little to no interest in sexual activity.”
Suddenly, everything made sense. The soccer player had turned me on by courting me so romantically. I no longer felt it when they looked me up a few years after I graduated because the player attitude they picked up in college was extremely unsexy. I'd never noticed the writer romantically, and they aren't conventionally attractive, but our intellectual bond generated physical desire.
There hasn't been much research done on demisexuality. But online communities have a way of preceding the academy. Last year, a Stanford lecturer called asexuality the “next frontier” in the movement to normalize nonstraight sexual identity. (Remember, homosexuality was once considered a disease.) I was first told I might be asexual by a stranger in a public ICQ chatroom, where I was decidedly not looking for cybersex. That was in 1998.
For many people, these neologisms are the ticket to happy, healthy sexuality. What in high school was a label, on the internet is a hashtag — the keys to the kingdom of community, support, and finding people with similar sexual proclivities to love and bond with.
Now when someone messages me on Tinder or Luxy, I tell them up front that I'm demisexual. If they don't know what it is I'll either explain or ask them to Google it — depending on how charming they've been so far. Those who are not willing to wait an indefinite period of time to have sex with me don't write back, and those who are willing write back pretty fast.
I haven't met someone yet. But I'm hopeful the next relationship I have will be good — if only because I will enter it with so much less weight on my shoulders. Knowing that building a sexual connection with me can be a gratifying, almost artistic process that can't be forced makes me feel safer and more confident. I'm less stressed about labels, in general. What used to torture me I now used to navigate life with less discomfort. “Prude” feels like an inside joke with myself. Just don't call me Sister Bitty — only I'm allowed to do that.
Further reading:
Demisexuality Resource Center: Resources for Demisexuals, Partners, and Allies
The Asexual Visibility and Education Network (AVEN)
AVEN: Facebook
AVEN: Twitter
Asexuality Archive
The IRS is still holding up three tea party groups' applications, Commissioner John Koskinen admitted in a letter to Congress last week — but they insisted they agents are finally about to begin processing them.
Mr. Koskinen is hoping to head off yet another judicial spanking for their agency, which has suffered a string of defeats in federal courts that ruled they are still improperly targeting conservative groups and mistreating them more than three years after the tax agency admitted to its bad behavior.
Not only are three groups still awaiting approval, but the IRS had left open the possibility of kick-starting the use of its targeting, or “be on lookout” (BOLO), lists that the agency used to figure out who it was subjecting to intrusive scrutiny.
Now, Mr. Koskinen is finally moving to shut the operation down for good.
“There should be no doubt that the use of BOLO lists has not just been temporarily suspended, it has been eliminated,” they said in letters to key committees on Capitol Hill.
They also said that the three applications that have been delayed — among them the Albuquerque Tea Party and the Texas Patriots Tea Party — will finally be processed.
SEE ALSO: Clinton warns of ‘alt-right' rise; Trump dismisses attacks as sign of campaign's weakness
But Mr. Koskinen didn't give any more details about what that means, and it's unclear how long it will take or whether he'll still subject the groups to extra questions.
The IRS had said it couldn't process applications once those groups sued. In one case it even argued it lost jurisdiction if a group sued.
Judges on the federal appeals court in Washington, though, mocked that as a legal charade, writing an opinion comparing Mr. Koskinen's logic to the famous Catch-22 from Joseph Heller's book.
“The IRS is telling applicants in these cases that ‘we have been violating your rights and not properly processing your applications. You are entitled to have your applications processed. But if you ask for that processing by way of a lawsuit, then you can't have it,'” Judge David B. Sentelle wrote.
The D.C. appeals court ordered a lower court to conduct a full review of the IRS's claim that it's stopped targeting.
Mr. Koskinen's letter to members of Congress appears designed to answer the court by cleaning up the remaining mess.
They wrote their letter to the Republican chairperson and ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, the House Ways and Means Committee and the House Oversight Committee.
Curiously, the letter is dated Aug. 18 — but the Justice Department lawyers who presented it to the court said it was dated Aug. 20.
“He makes clear the IRS's commitment to focus the tax-exempt application process on organizations' activities and categorically avoid any selection or further review of potential political cases based on names and policy positions,” the Justice Department said.
But the IRS did not tell the court or the lawmakers what the new non-political approval process will involve, nor how long it will take. The agency last week declined to answer questions about the process submitted by The Washington Times.
The Albuquerque Tea Party has been awaiting approval for nearly seven years, having filed its nonprofit status application in December 2009.
IRS officials have admitted they put tea party groups through inappropriate scrutiny. There is no evidence that the targeting was ordered by the White House, but it did extend to the highest levels of the IRS's D.C. headquarters — contrary to what the IRS had initially implied.
IRS officials say they got confused by the standards for judging nonprofit applicants' political activities in the wake of a 2010 Supreme Court case, and were awaiting better guidance.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The defense ministry of Georgia will supply weapons, live ammunition and explosives to a TV channel run by the rap-artist—son, Bera Ivanishvili, of former Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili, the Georgian government's alleged éminence grise.
The list of supplies includes TNT, detonators, gunpowder, machine-guns and ammunition-belts. Out of these, the defense ministry would like the machine-guns and ammunition-belts back at some point.
The TV station, GDS, does not plan to start a war. It says it needs the weaponry for two historic drama series (“Tiflis” and “Lost Heroes”). But the news raises potentially explosive questions about the conditions for the deal.
Prime Minister Irakli Gharibashvili, who authorized the handover, formerly served as the director of Bera Ivanishvili's production company, Georgian Dream, Ltd,. Their April-24 order for the transaction no longer appears to be accessible online.
In an interview with Liberali Magazine, "Lost Heroes" producer Davit Kelekhsashvili claimed that GDS paid the defense ministry for the supplies, but would not specify the amount.
This is not, though, the first time the defense ministry has doubled as the Ministry of Special Effects for people of power. Under former President Mikheil Saakashvili, the armed forces provided equipment for "5 Days of War" (also billed as "5 Days of August"), a Hollywood action-thriller about the 2008 Georgian-Russian conflict largely financed by the influential, pro-Saakashvili MP Koba Nakopia.
The “flaring firecracker of a film,” as The New York Times put it, ran heavy on chaotic explosions and gunfire, with “no sense of strategy,” noted American movie critic Roger Ebert.
Remembering that, many in this sometimes-trigger-happy country are concerned about the safety of the GDS projects. Kelekhsashvili said, though, that the defense ministry will provide instructors to help the film crews figure out their new props. The shells, at least, are going to be blank.
Gharibashvili has not elaborated about their reasons for authorizing GDS' use of the armed forces' material. But, in Georgia's culture of clan-based politics, the 32-year-old prime minister, whom Bidzina Ivanishvili hand-picked as their replacement in 2013, probably would not refuse their former (or some says still current) boss's son the props their TV station needs.
The defense-ministry-armed TV shows will not be dedicated to modern-day politics, but GDS also airs the elder Ivanishvili's current-affairs talk-show and plans to air dramas about the evils of ex-President Saakashvili's rule.
No doubt the defense ministry, if asked, will provide all the firepower such projects may need.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption France says the three-day operation has cleared migrants from the Jungle
France says that it has completed an operation to move thousands of migrants out of the "Jungle" camp in Calais.
Fabienne Buccio, the prefect of Pas-de-Calais, said it was "mission accomplished" for the operation, which began on Monday.
But charities said many unaccompanied minors had not been processed and BBC reporters at the camp said groups of adults remained.
Fires burned at the camp overnight and during the day amid the clearance work.
The camp has become a key symbol of Europe's migration crisis, with its residents desperate to reach the UK.
Read more on this story:
Since the start of the week, French authorities have been bussing thousands of people to shelters and centres where they will be able to seek asylum.
The operation has gone faster than expected and on Wednesday afternoon Ms Buccio said: "It's the end of the Jungle, our mission is over. There are no more migrants in the camp."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The demolition operation started on Tuesday afternoon
Local officials say so far 4,404 migrants have been taken to centres around the country and 1,200 children registered to enter a temporary centre made out of converted shipping containers near the camp.
Processing is continuing in the camp, reports say, but will end by this evening.
The camp had an estimated 6,000-8,000 residents. The BBC's Simon Jones, who is there, says it is possible a large number have disappeared, either to sleep rough around Calais or go to other towns.
The authorities fear they will return to set up camp again once the clearance operation is over.
Image copyright AP Image caption Shelters at the camp are being pulled down
Dorothy Sang, of Save The Children, meanwhile, told the BBC that hundreds of children had not been able to register and enter the area for minors.
"When there were fires raging in the camp, the camp was cleared, but the registration process for children was closed, and the containers were full. So there was literally nowhere for children to go," they said.
Many had run away, they added, and their whereabouts were unknown.
A BBC reporter also spoke to a group of around 100 unaccompanied minors inside the camp who British charity workers said had nowhere to go.
British MP Yvette Cooper said they were deeply concerned at reports children were being turned away from the container camps and urged French authorities to open up emergency accommodation.
Image copyright AFP Image caption It was unclear who set the dozens of fires that blazed overnight and through the morning
"Smoking embers" - by James Reynolds, BBC News, Jungle camp
Fires have left the centre of the settlement charred and uninhabitable. French firefighters are now putting out the smoking embers.
Many areas of the camp are now largely deserted. In muddy fields, warrens of tents remain standing and empty.
I saw a small number of migrants who were in no hurry to leave. One group of half a dozen men was sitting down to dinner at a table next to a tent. But I also saw several other migrants carrying their bags towards the buses that will take them away from this region.
At the same time, the French authorities are allowing many hundreds of unaccompanied children and teenagers to remain inside the camp as planned.
The minors are being housed in several orderly rows of white shipping containers surrounded by a fence. I saw groups of teenagers playing football, and others sitting on an embankment.
Overnight, huts were set on fire on the main street leading into the camp, leaving makeshift shops in ashes. More fires were ignited during the day, but it is not clear who started them.
Ms Buccio told local media it was "a tradition among the migrant population to destroy their homes before leaving".
However the Calais police commissioner said they had been told by migrants that the fires were started by activists.
One man was reported to have been injured when a gas canister exploded in the flames.
More than 1,200 police officers have been deployed for the clearance operation at the camp, which is unpopular locally and has required a large security presence to prevent migrants reaching the UK on lorries or trains heading across the Channel.
What is the Jungle?
The Jungle camp is near the port of Calais and close to the 31-mile Channel Tunnel
Officially about 7,000 migrants live in the camp. The Help Refugees agency said the final population ahead of its demolition was 8,143
The camp was halved in area earlier this year but the population continued to rise, and reports of violence have increased
Many migrants attempt to hide themselves in cargo vehicles entering the Channel Tunnel
The area has been hit by protests from both locals and truck operators
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
Are you in the area around Calais? Have you been affected by the clearing of the camp? Have you been a volunteer or worked at the camp? Let us know about your experiences. Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
·WhatsApp: +44 7525 900971
·Upload your pictures here
·Tweet: @BBC_HaveYourSay
·Send an SMS or MMS to 61124 or +44 7624 800 100
CLOSE FC Cincinnati is in the midst of three games in seven days. Videolicious
Futbol Club Cincinnati assistant coach Ryan Martin won't return to the club for the 2017 season, the club announced Friday. (Photo: Provided, FC Cincinnati)
Futbol Club Cincinnati assistant coach Ryan Martin won't return to the club for the 2017 season.
FC Cincinnati announced Friday the shakeup in its technical staff, saying Martin was leaving to pursue other opportunities. Martin was assistant to head coach John Harkes during the team's inaugural season and helped see Cincinnati to the third-best regular season record in the United Soccer League (16-6-8).
FC Cincinnati President and General Manager Jeff Berding told The Enquirer they plan to fill Martin's position from outside the organization and that a search is already underway.
“After speaking with Ryan, they have chosen to explore other opportunities in soccer,” Berding said in the news release. “We thank Ryan for the work they did in helping our club achieve success in our inaugural year and wish them all the best in the future.”
Harkes plucked Martin from the NCAA ranks to join their staff. Formerly the Wake Forest University men's soccer head coach, Martin helped recruit to Cincinnati several of their former collegiate stars, including midfielder and team MVP Corben Bone and United Soccer League MVP finalist Sean Okoli.
Martin also coached Harkes' son, current Wake Forest senior Ian Harkes.
For now, FC Cincinnati's technical staff is comprised of Harkes, goalkeeping coach Jamie Starr and Nate Kish. Kish is working as head of FC Cincinnati's scouting operations.
With the conclusion of FC Cincinnati's inaugural season, the club's first-ever off-season was always likely to bring about some turnover. Martin's departure is the first of its kind in the young team's history.
Promising treatments for those blinded by an often-hereditary, retina-damaging disease are expanding throughout Europe and making their way across the pond, offering a ray of hope for the hundreds of thousands of people in the U.S. left in the dark by retinitis pigmentosa. The disease—which affects about one in 4,000 people in the U.S. and about 1.5 million people worldwide—kills the retina's photoreceptors, the rod and cone cells that convert light into electrical signals, which are transmitted via the optic nerve to the brain's visual cortex for processing.
There is no effective treatment for the condition, but researchers are making great strides to remedy this through implants that stimulate still-active nerves in the retina, the layer of tissue at the back of the inner eye. In mid-November Retina Implant, AG, got approval to extend the yearlong phase II human clinical trial of its retinal implant outside its native Tübingen, Germany, to five new sites—Oxford, London and Budapest, along with two additional locations in Germany.
The company's implant is a three- by three-millimeter microelectronic chip (0.1-millimeter thick), containing about 1,500 light-sensitive photodiodes, amplifiers and electrodes surgically inserted beneath the fovea (which contains the cone cells) in the retina's macula region. The fovea enables the clarity of vision that people rely on to read, watch TV and drive. The chip helps generate at least partial vision by stimulating intact nerve cells in the retina. The nervous impulses from these cells are then led via the optic nerve to the visual cortex where they finally lead to impressions of sight.
Thus far, some patients report having a narrow field of vision partially restored, providing them with enough acuity to locate light sources such as windows and lamps as well as detect lighted objects against dark backgrounds. The chip's power source is positioned under the skin behind the ear and connected via a thin cable.
Window on the world
For those suffering with retinitis pigmentosa, Retina Implant's technology creates a small black-and-white window on the world, says Eberhart Zrenner, the company's co-founder and director and chairperson of the University of Tübingen's Institute for Ophthalmic Research in Germany. Retina Implant has successfully placed chips beneath the retina of nine patients since May 2010. A 10th patient experienced a problem when their optic nerve did not forward the information on the chip to the brain.
Looking ahead, Zrenner hopes to widen patients' field of vision further. "Because our chip has independent miniature photodiodes, we could arrange three of them in a row beneath the retina," they say. The ability to produce accurate colors via retinal implants, however, is very complicated and may not be possible for years, they add. Retina Implant has also developed an outpatient treatment for early-stage retinitis pigmentosa called Okuvision, which uses electric stimulation to help preserve retinal cells.
Sights set on the U.S.
The phase II extension expands Retina Implant's trial to an additional 25 patients beginning early next year and follows a partnership the company struck in March with the Wills Eye Institute in Philadelphia. Wills is looking to become the lead U.S. clinical trial investigator site for Retina Implant's technology and to help the company through the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) review process.
Cutting-edge technologies such as sub-retinal implants are typically at a disadvantage when seeking FDA approval due to the lack of a track record, but Retina Implant's work in Europe provides a precedent for the FDA to consider, says Julia Haller, Wills's ophthalmologist in chief. "There's information available to U.S. regulators about how patients have responded so far," they add.
Commercial implant
Whereas Retina Implant's technology is just getting started in the U.S., another retinal implant–maker is already in FDA human clinical trials, which are expected to conclude in July 2014. Second Sight Medical Products sells its Argus II Retinal Prosthesis System in Europe—the first commercial implantation of their device took place October 29 in Pisa, Italy (pdf).
Second Sight's technology is fundamentally different, converting video images captured by a miniature camera—housed in a special pair of glasses worn by the patient—into a series of small electrical pulses transmitted wirelessly to an array of electrodes implanted on the retina's surface, rather than under it. These pulses are intended to stimulate the retina's remaining cells and create the perception of patterns of light in the brain. Epiretinal devices (overlying the retina) such as the Argus II preprocess an image before sending it to the retina. Because the camera does not create an exact simulation of normal retinal outputs, patients need time to learn how to process the information that their brain receives.
Although both Retina Implant and Second Sight's technologies are still relatively unproved, their potential is great. "As somebody who has to tell families that their child is going to lose all vision and not be able to do any of the things they had dreamed they or they would be able to do, I know that every little step you make, from absolute blindness to being able to see shapes to being able to count fingers and read words makes an incredible impact on a person's life," says Haller, who, in addition to being familiar with Retina Implant, has experience implanting Second Sight's retinal prosthetic devices.
Alternative implants
Retina Implant and Second Sight's technologies may be the furthest along in terms of testing but they are not the only ones working on ways to treat, and even prevent, retinitis pigmentosa.
A sub-retinal implant under development by Optobionics in Glen Ellyn, Ill., most closely resembles the work of Retina Associates. Optobionics's Artificial Silicon Retina (ASR) microchip is designed as a stand-alone implant placed behind the retina to directly stimulate the remaining viable cells of the retina. Instead of an external power supply, the Optobionics chip has an array of micro-photodiodes that convert light energy to electrical signals, which stimulate retinal cells. Haller implanted several Optobionics sub-retinal chips as part of a study conducted at the Wilmer Eye Institute at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore throughout 2004 and 2005 while they were a surgeon there (pdf). The company's funding subsequently ran out, however. Only recently were Optobionics' co-founders able to acquire the rights to the ASR implant technology. They plan to reorganize a new company under the Optobionics name.
Neurotech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in Lincoln, R.I., is developing a different type of implant. Their intraocular implant consists of human cells genetically modified to secrete a nerve growth factor they say is capable of rescuing and protecting dying photoreceptors. The implant does not replace retinal tissue but rather is a way to resuscitate damaged retinal cells.
At Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University in New York City, neuroscientist Sheila Nirenberg is leading a project to develop an artificial retina with the capacity to reproduce normal vision. Rather than increasing the number of electrodes placed in an eye to capture more information and send signals to the brain, Nirenberg's work focuses on the quality of the artificial signals themselves so as to improve their ability to carry impulses to the brain.
It will take some time to see which approach works best, Haller says, adding, "All of the treatments for retinitis pigmentosa are experimental right now, so there's no real comparison yet between what works and what doesn't."
Governor Cuomo Announces Statewide New York Fracking Ban
December 18th, 2014 by Sandy Dechert
[If there is anyone out there who's unaware of how fracking works: oil and gas companies use fracking to splinter underground shale rock and release natural gas and oil. The drillers force huge amounts of water, sand, and chemicals through an “injection” well reaching below the surface. Usually, after harvesting the petroleum resources, they reinject large volumes of contaminated wastewater back into the ground. The map below shows existing and potential fracking sites and accident areas across the United States. Note the clusters in New York.]
New York's Health Commissioner Howard Zucker stated:
As the acting health commissioner, I consider the people of the state of New York as my patients. We cannot afford to make a mistake. The potential risks are too great. In fact, they are not fully known.
Environmental Conservation Commissioner Joe Martens announced that the state would officially move early next year from the de facto fracking moratorium it has had since 2008 to a legal and binding absolute prohibition of New York fracking.
Many towns and cities across New York independently passed moratoriums and/or bans on fracking before state officials announced today's ban. The city of Dryden won its fracking case in June as New York's highest court ruled it legal for towns to use zoning ordinances to ban the practice. Today's move will restrict mining of the vast Marcellus Shale to approved sites in Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
Vermont outlawed fracking in 2012. It's also illegal in Hawaii. In the recent November elections, grassroots movements in Denton, Texas (by a decisive 59% to 41% margin), Ohio, and two counties in California enacted fracking bans. Los Angeles, Dallas, three Colorado cities, Mora County (New Mexico), Pittsburgh, and Philadelphia have also forbidden or severely limited the practice. Similar movements are under way in other jurisdictions nationwide. Also, this fall Pennsylvania ousted incumbent Governor Tom Corbett, a heavy fracking promoter.
France, Germany, the Netherlands, Ireland, Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Romania, the Czech Republic, Tunisia, and areas of Spain and Switzerland have moratoria or full bans against fracking in place, and the petroleum company practice has caused controversies worldwide.
CleanTechnica has investigated fracking extensively (see here), with four reporters covering about a dozen stories during the past six months. Stay tuned for more.
Two new five-star hotels are to be built in over 100 acres of land on Rhodes, adding 720 luxury beds to the island's tourist market.
According to a Kathimerini newspaper report, the first hotel investment will be realized by the company AMARTOS ECOLOGICAL SA in a plot of ​​48.16 acres in the area of ​​Amarotos Critinias. The hotel will have a capacity of 135 rooms with 296 beds and will be composed of two main buildings, a main building and nine wings of the rooms.
The hotel will have a spa, shops, a restaurant, a conference center and meeting rooms. Sport and recreation facilities will be built in the surrounding area, including tennis courts, children's playground and promenade routes. It will be located 40 km from the City of Rhodes.
The second hotel investment will be realized by XTEE AMMOS SA in an area of ​​over 53 acres in ​​Pefki of the Lindos area. The hotel will have a capacity of 187 rooms with 424 beds, with a main building and four independent wings with two-storey buildings. The buildings will be connected through the pool area and paved paths.
Additionally, recreational areas, such as tennis courts, will be built around the hotel. The hotel will be located 55 km from the city. Based on data from the Greek Chamber of Hotels until 2016, there were 39 five-star hotels on Rhodes with a capacity of 9,895 rooms and 20,450 beds.
The group might only be together for a single season, but it's hard to not be impressed by the platoon of pass-catchers the Redskins have assembled.
As far as traditional receivers go, the depth chart features, in some order, Pierre Garcon, DeSean Jackson, Josh Doctson, Jamison Crowder and, for now, Rashad Ross and Ryan Grant. It remains to be seen what kind of role, if any, Ross and Grant will have in Washington in 2016, but the rest should have key roles in the team's offense.
Andre Roberts was released Tuesday morning, as they underperformed since signing with the Redskins two offseasons ago.
#Redskins make Andre Roberts move official. Their departure saves $3 million against salary cap for 2016. A contract that just didn't work out — Brian McNally (@bmcnally14) May 17, 2016
That's an impressive group, and one that should be considered one of the league's best, but that's only part of Washington's aerial firepower. Add in tight end Jordan Reed, who is among the league's top at the position, as well as whatever contributions Vernon Davis, Niles Paul, Logan Paulsen and Derek Carrier can offer, and suddenly Kirk Cousins' biggest problem is finding targets for everybody.
Looking simply at the top end of the group, it's hard to find a better four-man group in the NFL than Garcon, Jackson, Doctson and Reed. Former Redskins GM and current NFL analyst Charley Casserly says that group is the league's best four-receiver combination, and they could be right.
When #Redskins go to 3 WR's, If Dotson is on field with Jackson, Garcon & TE Reed. They will have best 4 receiver combos in NFL @nflnetwork — Charley Casserly (@CharleyCasserly) May 16, 2016
Garcon tallied 72 catches for 777 yards and 6 touchdowns last year. Jackson struggled with a hamstring injury early on, but they still managed 30 catches for 528 yards — their 17.6 yards per catch were fifth in the NFL — and 4 touchdowns. Reed had the best season of the bunch, breaking out with 87 catches, 952 yards and 11 touchdowns, all team-highs. And many think Doctson was the best receiver in the 2016 draft class.
There are three teams that can really make a case to compete with the Redskins' top four pass-catchers: the Houston Texans, Carolina Panthers and Arizona Cardinals.
Houston is in a similar boat as Washington, in that it's bringing a first-round pick into an already strong group of receivers. The Texans selected Will Fuller one pick before the Redskins took Doctson, actually trading with the Redskins to do so, and they're adding the Notre Dame star to a stocked cast of DeAndre Hopkins (111 catches, 1,521 yards, 11 touchdowns last season), Cecil Shorts (42 catches, 484 yards, 2 touchdowns) and Jaelen Strong (14 catches, 161 yards, 3 touchdowns). The numbers aren't overly impressive for Shorts and Strong, but they should improve considerably this year now that: 1) Brock Osweiler offers stability at quarterback and 2) Nate Washington has moved on and won't take away targets.
As for tight ends, the Texans will likely split time between C.J. Fiedorowicz (17 catches, 167 yards, 1 touchdown) and Ryan Griffin (20 catches, 251 yards, 2 touchdowns). Houston's depth isn't as strong as Washington's, but Strong and Fuller could make for lethal complements to Hopkins, who is a more talented receiver than anybody the Redskins have on their roster.
Carolina entered the 2015 season with one of the most maligned receiving corps in the league, but eventual MVP Cam Newton turned that group into a versatile, deep stable. Tight end Greg Olsen led the Panthers with 77 catches for 1,104 yards and 7 touchdowns. Ted Ginn Jr. struggled with drops but still finished with 44 catches, 739 yards and 10 touchdowns. Jerricho Cotchery (39 catches, 485 yards, 3 touchdowns), Devin Funchess (31 catches, 473 yards, 5 touchdowns) and Philly Brown (31 catches, 447 yards, 4 touchdowns) all contributed throughout the season, and this was all after the Panthers lost their top receiver, Kelvin Benjamin (73 catches, 1,008 yards, 9 touchdowns in 2014) for the year.
Cotchery is gone, but Olsen, Ginn, Funchess and Brown are all back, and when Benjamin is factored in, that's a deadly group. It also doesn't hurt to have the reigning NFL MVP in Newton, as their athleticism makes life difficult for defenses.
A season ago, Arizona boasted three 800-yard receivers in Larry Fitzgerald (109 catches, 1,215 yards, 9 touchdowns), John Brown (65 catches, 1,003 yards, 7 touchdowns) and Michael Floyd (52 catches, 849 yards, 6 touchdowns). All three of those receivers will again be wearing Cardinals uniforms in 2016, as will tight end Darren Fells (21 catches, 311 yards, 3 touchdowns), J.J. Nelson (11 catches, 299 yards, 2 touchdowns) and Jermaine Gresham (18 catches, 223 yards, 1 touchdown).
But the Cardinals offer another weapon in the passing game: running back David Johnson, who caught 36 passes for 457 yards and 4 touchdowns in a strong rookie season last year. It's a different look, but that's four players who contributed 3,524 receiving yards and 26 touchdowns last year.
Other teams that could boast strong top-fours are the Denver Broncos, New York Giants (if Victor Cruz can return to form) and Green Bay Packers.
Perhaps even more promising for the Redskins is their depth after that top four. Crowder was the team's third-leading receiver last year, hauling in 59 catches for 604 yards and 2 touchdowns, and Davis was one of the league's best pass-catching tight ends for years. As recently as 2013, Davis had 52 catches for 850 yards and 13 touchdowns. Paul enjoyed a breakout season in 2014, catching 39 passes for 507 yards and a touchdown, before suffering an injury that forced them to miss all of 2015.
There's no way to officially measure the best of the bunch. One could easily make the case for the Redskins, Texans, Panthers, Cardinals or others as having the best receiver group in the league. But Casserly's point is Washington offers a four-man group that is among the league's best, and one that can be absolutely devastating to opposing defenses, especially if Cousins replicates their stellar run in 2015.
Follow Bryan Frantz and 106.7 The Fan on Twitter
Home » Blog » Charlotte's Local Halloween Fun Guide, Halloween Headlines, Halloween's Hottest Trends
October 26, 2017 By Chelsea T.
Halloween is right around the corner and one of the major parts of the season include Pumpkin Picking. Tons of farms across the country participate in the pumpkin growing process so that come Fall time, families can pick the perfect pumpkins.
Today is National Pumpkin Day and we're celebrating with some cool facts about pumpkins that you may not have known. Take a peek at the facts below!
All pumpkins are a variety of winter squash
China used pumpkin leaves for a variety of different soups
The orange color in pumpkins comes from beta carotene
680,000 tons of pumpkins are produced each year in the United States
The pumpkin spice latte was first launched at Starbucks in 2003
Some pumpkins have been weighed in at a whopping 2,000 pounds
Millions of pumpkins are grown and used as food for animals
Antarctica is the only continent where pumpkins aren't grown
Along with the traditional color orange, pumpkins can also be found in yellow and white varieties
The word pumpkin originates from the Greek word pepon, which simply means "large melon"
Curcubita Pepo is the official Latin name for pumpkin
Pumpkins are filled with 2% protein
Illinois is the top pumpkin producing state in the United States
Pumpkins are a rich source of vitamin A
In Central and Eastern Europe, pumpkin seed oil is used for cooking
In Europe, Mexico & China - pumpkin seeds are quite the popular snack
Early American Colonists used to call pumpkins "pumpions"
95% of all pumpkins grown to make pies and pie filling come from Illinois
The sugar variety of pumpkins is most often used for baking
All squashes and pumpkins are native plants of North America
The pumpkin most often used for Jack O' Lanterns is the Connecticut Field variety
The word “pompom” in English is derived from the French word for pumpkin, meaning something round and large
Bees are relied on by pumpkins to fertilize the flowers via cross pollination
In the Harry Potter book series, pumpkin juice is a popular drink among the students
In Britain and Australia, the word "pumpkin" can refer to any type of squash
Pumpkin chunking is the sport where a pumpkin is hurled as far as possible using a machine
Gourds are the most popular type of pumpkin used for decorating
A White Lumina is an unusual, medium-sized white pumpkin
What do you use your pumpkins for during the Fall Season? Let us know by commenting below!
The priorities of today's hiring managers have changed drastically over the past year to adapt to the challenging economy. They are no longer interested in increasing company capacity, introducing new systems and equipment, or spending money on new investments. Today's hiring managers are focused on optimizing staff and systems efficiencies, eliminating unnecessary cost, and seeing an immediate return on their investments. As a result, today's executive job seekers must pro-actively prepare for job interviews with hiring managers whose primary foci are the bottom line and profitability. How can executive candidates hope to land a job in such an aggressive job market? Here are 5 job interview tips that will prepare you to impress today's executive hiring managers. 1. Nail Your Pitch: Develop a statement that articulates your value to the company, such as “My goal is to provide value to [company] and improve its profitability by offering [summarize your executive services and capabilities] with a clear focus on efficiency and cost-effectiveness.” 2. Push Beyond Surface Knowledge: Along with familiarizing yourself with the company's mission statement, vision, and company culture, be sure to also review its annual philanthropic and financial reports. You should also conduct research in media outlets, such as online newspapers and magazines, to learn about the company's public profile and reputation. 3. Identify Your Company's Role in Its Industry: Demonstrate your knowledge of industry trends, the company's top competitors, its consumer base, its leadership team, and its products. 4. Don't Just Be Prepared—Look Prepared: When the job interviewer asks if you have any questions, view this as a cue to take out your folder, which should contain highlighted print-outs of company information in a well-organized format. This will communicate to your hiring manager that you are deeply invested in the interview, highly interested in the company, and cared enough to come prepared. 5. Don't Assume the Hiring Manager is Disinterested: Your job interviewer wants to be impressed. They do not enjoy wading through dozens of executives looking for the best fit. When they show you into their office for the interview, they are hoping that you will be right for the job so that they can introduce another capable executive to the team and resume focus on their other responsibilities.
A Los Angeles city committee met last week to discuss replacing Columbus Day with a holiday that would celebrate Native Americans.
The Los Angeles County Human Relations Commission presented a report in favor of establishing Indigenous Peoples Day to the Arts, Parks and River Committee. Mitch O'Farrell, chair of the committee and a Los Angeles City council member for District 13 planned to present the report to the city council Friday.
City Council President Herb Wesson did not place the report on the meeting agenda for a vote, said Shannon Speed, a UCLA Native American and Indigenous Studies director who spoke at the meeting on behalf of the Indigenous Peoples Day Coalition.
The report includes research, interviews and information gathered in community forums that suggest that a day dedicated to celebrating indigenous peoples would have a positive impact. The report was created in collaboration with UCLA and the Los Angeles City and County Native American Commission.
O'Farrell, a member of the Wyandotte tribe, said they think Christopher Columbus' legacy should not be celebrated in Los Angeles because European explorers perpetrated violence against the city's indigenous peoples.
They added they think Los Angeles should celebrate indigenous peoples because the city has the highest population of Native Americans in the United States.
Native Americans first pushed to have a day celebrating their culture in 1977. In 1992, Berkeley became the first city in California to replace Columbus Day with Indigenous Peoples Day. Two other Californian cities, Santa Cruz and Sebastopol, celebrate Indigenous Peoples Day.
Some council members and cultural groups said they oppose the proposed change.
Branimir Kvartuc, spokesperson for Joe Buscaino, city council member for District 15, said they think the city should leave Columbus Day intact and establish a separate day celebrating indigenous peoples. Kvartuc added they think those who want to replace Columbus Day would also have to abolish all holidays celebrating European settlement, such as Thanksgiving.
The Federated Italo-Americans of Southern California, an organization that values Columbus as an Italian cultural figure, also believes Indigenous Peoples Day should be celebrated on a separate day. Ann Potenza, president of the organization, said they think Columbus Day celebrates immigration from the Old World to the New World.
Speed said they think the existence of Columbus Day is not a neutral Italian heritage holiday. They said they think the holiday harms indigenous children in public schools because they have to learn about and celebrate a historical figure who was responsible for the genocide of their ancestors.
“Why does your enjoyment of Columbus Day take precedence over the well-being of other people?” Speed said.
The Indigenous Peoples Day Coalition will push the city council to vote on the issue as soon as possible, they said.
Unedited, full-length videos of Islamic State beheadings are difficult to find online. YouTube has taken most down, for instance. The first notable video was recorded more than a decade ago, in May 2004, by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the subject of Joby Warrick's chilling new book, Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS. The victim was Nick Berg, a twenty-six year old entrepreneur searching out opportunities in post-invasion Iraq. Zarqawi stands behind him, dressed in black with a black mask, reading a manifesto in rapid-fire Arabic. Symbolically clad in an orange jumpsuit, just weeks after the Abu Ghraib scandal broke, Berg kneels awkwardly on the floor. They have a docile, even resigned look on their face, unaware it seems of what will happen in the next five minutes and thirty-seven seconds captured by a grainy, now obsolete handheld camera.
The camera was obsolete but the images prototyped a new breed of warfare. Perhaps that's why Berg looks so calm in the seconds before Zarqawi descends on their neck with a saw-bladed knife: they likely didn't understand the significance of the orange jumpsuit, or the black flags hung behind them with the shahadah—There is no god but God. Muhammad is the messenger of God—lashed in Arabic calligraphy. When I first saw this video, I didn't understand their significance either. I was twenty-four, two years younger than Berg, and a Marine second lieutenant scheduled to deploy the next month to Fallujah, the city where Zarqawi made the recording. Gathering around an office computer in Camp Lejeune with a few other lieutenants, we watched the beheading with a calm resignation. Like Berg, we were unaware of all that was to come, not only on the screen but also in Iraq.
The Islamic State's antecedents exist in Zarqawi's story. To understand the Islamic State's recent blitzkrieg through the Middle East, one must understand the years of toil and near defeat that defined Zarqawi and their organization, Al Qaeda in Iraq. “He had a hero complex and guilt complex,” Warrick writes, recounting a character profile of Zarqawi conducted by Jordanian intelligence. “He wanted to be a hero and saw themselves as a hero, even when they were a thug. But it was the guilt that made them so extreme.” That extremism, as manifested by severe acts of violence, proves to be one of Warrick's central questions and one of the central questions many of us in the west have about the Islamic State: What inspires their ultra-violent, theatrical tactics?
A concept bandied about among Marine Corps leaders at the time I left for Iraq was that of a “Strategic Corporal.” The idea was that in this age of interconnectivity, the tactical actions of the most junior leaders, corporals, could have outsized strategic implications. Marine leaders used the term as a positive, but the Abu Ghraib scandal demonstrated the opposite: how choices made by a few junior soldiers could undermine an entire war effort. Zarqawi intuited the power of imagery. The orange jumpsuit worn by Nick Berg was not just a reference to the excesses at Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay—it was a sign that Zarqawi understood the visual stage upon which they were stepping. Choreographed and disseminated correctly, a single execution could have a far greater impact than anyone had expected.
Zarqawi's rise did not occur in a vacuum. Disastrous U.S. and Jordanian policies—grouping Islamic radicals together in prisons, dismantling the Iraqi Army, disenfranchising Sunni tribal leaders—enabled their ascent. After the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan, Zarqawi fled to northern Iraq, where Saddam Hussein's secular, Ba'athist regime, though holding limited control of the region, still took active measures to root out Islamist radicals which it saw as a threat. Yet Colin Powell, in their U.N. speech justifying the invasion of Iraq, made Zarqawi's presence in the north central to their arguments, alleging that their presence proved the Iraqi regime had granted al-Qaeda a sanctuary. Of this tenuous logic, Warrick writes, “It was like claiming that America's twenty-second president, Grover Cleveland, had ‘harbored' Geronimo, the famed Apache chieftain of the frontier West who attacked settlers and Blue Coats from their base along the U.S.-Mexican border.”
Pointing out the mistakes of the Iraq war is easy and Warrick only does so in service of their analysis of Zarqawi, steering away from a re-hashing of the last ten years so that their book might inform the conversation over the next ten. If the Islamic State's acts of extreme violence seem incomprehensible to most, Warrick's gripping chronicle of Zarqawi's life lays bare not only their evolution into a fanatic but the logic of such fanaticism. It's a logic rooted in economic and social disparities, decades of oppression by western-backed autocrats, all fueled by a religiosity that grants its adherents a place in an Islamic narrative of conquest and liberation reaching back more than one thousand years. Though westerners might be uncomfortable with this logic, it is one we must understand if such ideologies are going to be countered in Iraq, Syria, north Africa, and even Europe and the United States.
Since the Berg video, many more videos have appeared and certainly there will be many more. I also imagine they will begin to mean less and less than western audiences become inured to such images, no matter how ghastly. I also imagine members of the Islamic State, al-Qaeda and other groups will adapt their tactics accordingly. In 2002 the U.S. routed al-Qaeda in the mountains of Afghanistan. After al-Qaeda regrouped, the chief of intelligence for the Joint Special Operations Command, Michael Flynn, noted, “They got better because they saw how they were defeated.” Let's hope the same can one day be said about our current efforts in the region.
Elliot Ackerman is the author of “Green on Blue” and the forthcoming novel “Dark at the Crossing.” They served multiple combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan and currently lives in Istanbul.
Caption: Posters in Baghdad showing Al-Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, 2005.
London — Germany's 1.4 GW Grohnde reactor has now generated over 350 TWh of electricity during its 32 years in operation, more than any other single nuclear power generation block around the world, but in the future will play an increasing role in providing grid stability rather than providing only baseload power, plant operator E.ON Kernkraft said in a statement.
Not registered? Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience. Register Now
"While the plant was used exclusively in baseload [around the clock operation] in the past, it is now used up to 600 hours each month to regulate load," E.ON said, adding that it has increased fourfold the capability of the reactor to ramp up or down to now 40 MW per minute.
The reduced baseload operation of the reactor is also apparent in the 2015 output statistic, which remained below 10 TWh despite an availability of 92.4%, E.ON said.
The reactor in Northern Germany was commissioned in 1984 and achieved an average annual output of just below 11 TWh over its current 32-year operating life so far, of which eight years saw the reactor topping the global annual output table, the operator said.
The Grohnde reactor is scheduled to be switched off by the end of 2021 under Germany's nuclear phase-out timetable.
--Andreas Franke, andreas.franke@platts.com
--Edited by Maurice Geller, maurice.geller@platts.com
Let's face it. When the zombie apocalypse comes, most of us are going to die. Some of us will die from rotten luck (our partner is patient 0), some of us will die because another human will kill us (because people are asses like that), and most people will die because their bodies aren't suited to the kind of living necessary in the inevitable zombie apocalypse.
Yes, I am talking about some overweight/obese people. But I am also talking about thin people who never exercise. I'm talking about people who have not yet gone primal.
That's right, I'm calling it. Those who survive the zombie apocalypse will be those who have moved to a paleo/primal lifestyle or are taken care of by someone who did. Why? Because everything you do in primal living is perfectly suited for survival. Duh, that's what it's based on! The survival techniques of our ancestors. Let's break it down. I'm using Mark's Daily Apple's metrics for what constitutes a paleo/primal life.
Long distance walking and hiking
Despite what the movies tell you, the chances of getting a car when the world ends is pretty unlikely. Even if you can get a car, fuel is going to be drained in most places. Despite what people may think, the world is going to shut down long before it fully ends.
So get ready to walk. Long, long miles. The cities aren't safe anymore, so you're going to have to get out into the country, and if you're like any other American, you're going to have to travel a long way to get there.
Hiking is a part of the primal lifestyle, and an essential one. If you have never walked a long distance (shame on you!) or gone for a hike (shame on you!), you can never appreciate how taxing walking can be. It is incredibly good for your muscles, but if you're not ready for it by the time the apocalypse comes, you're going to be dragging your escape party down. You're not going to make it out of the concrete jungle, much less up that mountain.
Start your apocalypse training now: begin with walks around your neighborhood, then maybe walks to work or to take your children to school. Climb hills. Traverse terrain. When you feel up to it, start doing day hikes. Slowly work your way up till you can go on extended hiking trips. You've completed this part of your training.
Sprinting
Personally, I have always found the slow, arms-out zombies to be unrealistic. If these things are made from human beings, you bet they can run and come after you. Even if they can't, other things (like live people and animals that broke out of the zoo) can. If you can't haul ass, you're going to get brain eaten.
So you're going to be running — a lot. And I don't mean beach-bunny, hair flipping, make all the out of shape people jealous marathon running. I mean running for your life. And if you're running for your life, are you bopping around, listening to your iPod? NO! YOU ARE RUNNING FOR YOUR LIFE!
Our primal ancestors didn't don Nikes and spend an hour or two cruising around the block. They walked — a LOT — and then when someone or something tried to eat them, they sprinted. This makes human beings in their natural state perfectly suited to survive the zombie apocalypse. After all, it doesn't matter what body parts the predator wants to eat. It just wants to eat you.
Start your training now: Most people can sprint, even if they are overweight. The only people I would recommend NOT sprint are morbidly obese people. Sprinting before you've dropped some weight can do some serious damage to your knees. Do some walking first. For the rest of us, get your sprint on! The idea is not to be able to win the 100-yard dash, but to simply get your butt moving as fast as you can for as long as you can. The more you sprint, the longer you'll be able to go. I would also throw in some zigging and zagging if you're good at it. Zombies have inner ear problems.
Strength Train
Imagine this: you're sprinting down an abandoned street from a hundred zombies when suddenly the helicopter your friends found (unlikely) comes to rescue you. They can't land, but they can get just close enough for you to jump and catch the feet. What do you do? You freaking jump, of course! But then… you can't lift yourself up. Well, shit.
When the zombies come, you're going to have to lift things. Yourself, your romantic interest who always finds him/herself in trouble, your pack when you get out of the city. Perhaps you might find yourself pushing zombies away from loved ones. What do all of these things require? Strength, and a good bit of it. Our ancestors had the same needs. Hauling back a deer carcass from the hunt isn't all that different from carrying a fallen comrade away from a mass of man-eaters back from the dead.
Start your training now: Remember the helicopter example: start doing pull-ups. Lift heavy things, and often. Try out crossfit, if you have the money for it. The bare minimum you should be able to lift is yourself. When you're struggling, imagine your mother, your brother, your partner needing your help. Ladies, don't count yourself out of this one. You bear just as much responsibility for your own safety as you do of others. And no, you will not get all muscley and masculine.
Cut the grains and sugars!
Finally, we come to the crux of the primal lifestyle. Cut the grains and the sugars!! Do you remember the scene from 28 days later when Scarecrow Cillian Murphy and Tia Dalma Naomi Harris are climbing the stairs and Murphy needs to sit and rest. Why was they such a wimp? Because they were crashing. Crashing is the single worst thing that can happen to you in the apocalypse. Why? Because if you're crashing, you can't sprint, hike, or lift yourself up. You're dead in the water, and soon to be ripped apart.
What causes you to crash? Sugars. What immediately converts into sugars in your body? Grains. Essentially what happens is that when you consume sugars or grains, your insulin spikes and either helps break down the sugar to give you short-term energy or it stores it into fat. Once your insulin spikes and all that sugar is “put away,” your energy levels drop dramatically. Have you ever been so hungry that you started to feel weak, your hands shook, and you didn't feel like you could do anything? That's you, crashing. This is not ideal when something is about ready to eat your brains.
Our primal ancestors had no access to grains that they could eat. Why? Because you can't eat them raw, else they were poisoned. Our bodies are best designed to digest and use fats, and carbs from veggies and fruits. So too will you best be served by these dishes when you are living in the post-zombie world.
Start your training now: Cut out the grains and the sugars. If you're one of those “small steps” people, start small. But I can tell you from experience that the only way to get the bad out of your food is to, well, get the bad out of your food. Go on a purge of your house and get everything with a grain in it out. Donate it to a food shelter. Give it to someone you don't like. Just get it out. Replace it with lots of meat, fruits, veggies, and nuts. These are the kinds of things you're going to be able to get ahold of once you get out into the safer countryside anyway.
Conclusions
When the zombies take over, it is the primal people who will eventually win the earth. They will be better suited to get out of the cities via sprinting and long hikes. They will be able to help themselves and their loved ones with their lifting muscles of wonder, and they will be able to sustain their lives by not ingesting things that will make them weak.
If the zombie apocalypse is a genuine concern for you (it is for me!), then you might want to consider the primal lifestyle as a way to get ready.
Because they're coming.
What are some other ways primal living can help us prepare for intense situations? Did you ever survive something because of primal training?
Although the Eurosceptic group suffered a dismal election night, failing to make a breakthrough in mainstream politics, it may inadvertently have handed the pro-European Liberal Democrats the possibility of a role in government.
Analysis of results shows that in at least 21 key marginal seats, Ukip 's share of the vote proved enough to allow Labour or the Lib Dems to see off strong Tory challenges.
The extra victories would have been enough to fill the 20-seat shortfall needed to hand David Cameron an outright majority in the Commons.
Schools secretary Ed Balls' Morley and Outwood constituency was among key seats where the result might have been different without Ukip.
Mr Balls survived with a majority of only 1,101 while Ukip polled 1,506 in the contest.
Ruth Kelly's former seat of Bolton West and Glenda Jackson's Hampstead and Kilburn seat in north London might have fallen to the Tories had it not been for Ukip's presence.
Former Tories who defected to the Eurosceptic party said that disappointment over Mr Cameron's position on a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty could have cost them a majority.
But Ukip was last night facing up to the prospect of watching the Tories reach accommodation with the pro-European Lib Dems as a result of its presence in "winnable" constituencies.
Despite high hopes, Ukip did not pick up a single seat and managed just three per cent of the overall vote, with just over 900,000.
The party had hoped to hit at least five per cent and pass the one million votes barrier following its success in last year's European Parliament elections but fell well short of both.
However it said it had achieved a "solid" performance, with a 50 per cent increase in support since the 2005 election.
Its key target had been to unseat John Bercow, the House of Commons Speaker, but Ukip's Nick Farage could only muster third place.
Mr Farage was still in hospital yesterday after being injured when a light aircraft they were a passenger in crashed in Northamptonshire on Thursday.
The plane, towing an election banner, had been in the air for nearly 15 minutes and was preparing to land when it nosedived and hit the ground.
It is thought the banner may have become tangled up in the plane's tail fin, causing the crash. Northamptonshire Police are investigating.
Mr Farage had been contesting Mr Bercow's Buckingham seat but the latter remained in place with a majority of more than 12,000.
Ukip fielded 560 candidates and was anticipating a higher success rate in members keeping their deposit. Just 47 did five years ago.
Gawain Towler, Ukip spokesperson, said: “We are realistic and did not expect to come from where we are overnight in a first past the post system.
"Of course we are disappointed but an increase of 50 per cent is not bad in anyone's book.”
Mr Farage's election agent, Dave Fowler, said on their behalf: "I assure Ukip voters and supporters that although we have lost this battle, the war carries on."
9.0 Excellent The LG G4 packs some serious power topped off by an excellent camera. The build quality is decent, but what makes this phone great is the removable battery and the ability to expand storage. Top it all off with real leather on the back of the device, and you have yourself a great flagship for 2015. Design 8.5
Display 9.2
Performance 8.9
Camera 10
Battery 8.3
User Ratings ( 3 Votes) 6.9
Back in 2014, LG debuted the G3 which was one of the first smartphones to have a QHD display with a resolution of 1440 x 2560. Packing all those pixels leads to a whopping pixel density of 535. Although the device was breaking new ground, its processor and battery life were holding it back from true greatness. I personally really liked my G3, as it was the perfect size and form factor for me. I didn't think the device was perfect, but I thought it was a very good stepping stone towards how LG would follow it up with the G4.
Now, over a year later we have our hands on the LG G4. A device that makes up for what the G3 lacked. It boasts a bigger camera, stronger processor, and a much better, sharper display. All of this does come within a slightly larger form factor with a familiar design. So is it worth upgrading to the LG G4? Let's take a look.
Design
If you are familiar with the G2 or G3 of the past, you will be right at home with the LG G4. LG sticks with the same overall design, but does include more options as far as the back cover goes. There are both leather and plastic options.
The leather back covers can be had in Yellow, Pink, Gray, Black, Brown, and Maroon. Some are carrier specific, but most are available for purchase if you decide to change further down the road. The plastic options are much more limited, as there are only Ceramic White and Metallic Silver. For this review, mine is Brown Leather.
Just like its predecessor, the G4 packs a 5.5 inch display, so it is larger than the HTC One M9 (slightly) and the Galaxy S6/S6 edge. The overall dimensions are 148.9 x 76.1 x 9.8 mm and it weighs in at 155 grams. It definitely isn't the biggest phone out there and it isn't the heaviest either. I find it to be right in the middle.
If you are wondering why the G4 is 9.8 mm thick compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 being 6.7 mm, it is because the G4 has a microSD card slot for storage expansion and a removable battery. Something the Galaxy S6 has lacked and been criticized for. Speaking of the battery, LG packed the same sized battery in the G4 that was in the G3, 3,000 mAh.
Just like other G series phones, the device is very ergonomic as the back of the phone is curved. It makes for a very comfortable feel when holding the device. Not only is the device curved on the back, the display is actually curved slightly. It is in the same fashion as the G Flex and G Flex 2, but not nearly as radical. It supposedly adds on 20% durability. Hey, I'll take it.
On the front of the device the LG logo is found on the bottom of the device as usual, followed by the speaker grill, front-facing camera, proximity sensor, and LED notification light on the top. Underneath the glass LG included a slight carbon fiber look, which I honestly prefer over the G3's swirled metal look.
Now, I don't know if it is because the display is slightly curved, but the G4 is slightly wider than the G3. Whereas the G4 comes in at 76.1 mm wide, the G3 comes in at 74.6 mm wide. That equates to around .75 mm more on either side of the display. Something that made the G3 very popular was its very thin side bezels, but that's not saying the G4's aren't comparable. You wouldn't be able to notice the difference unless you compared the devices side by side.
The top of the device is bare aside from an IR blaster. The bottom of the device is home to the microUSB charging slot and the headphone jack. LG is one of those companies along with Samsung who likes to put their microUSB slots upside down. Why? I don't know.
On to the back of the device is LG's leather clad battery cover. It is very nice quality and adds a nice, unique grip to the device. It isn't overly sticky, which is good. It is the perfect medium that allows for grip-ability, but you are still able to pull it out of the pocket with ease. The stitching down the center may look a little tacky, but I think it adds to the grip, so I'm a fan.
The buttons are on the back of the device as expected, just below the camera. On either side of the camera is the flash with the color sensor ot the right and the laser focus to the left. The G4's buttons seem very tactile and tight against the back of the phone. There is no wobble or creaking from them at all, which is good to see.
The overall build quality on the G4 leaves me with only a few complaints. I prefer a metal frame on my devices as it is something sturdy to hold on to, but plastic isn't a dealbreaker. The LG G4 frame feels solid, but the removable battery cover comes with a few extra noises. At first it was very snug up to the device with little to no creaking. However, the more I remove the cover to swap batteries, I feel the creakier it is getting. It's definitely something to take note of.
I personally am a fan of the removable back, so I won't let that bug me too much. I think the pros that go along with the ability to remove the battery cover is much more than the cons of the noises it makes.
Display
The LG G4 sports a 5.5 inch IPS LCD display with QHD resolution as I stated earlier. This time around, LG took note of their G3's adequate display and turned it up a notch. The difference is night and day; LG is looking to compete with Samsung.
The display has a great brightness range so it is able to get very bright, but also very dim. The device does very well in direct sunlight, but doesn't blind you at night time. This is something I feel that phone manufacturers tend to leave out, so it's good that LG hit the mark. It can match the S6 edge in brightness, but is a little behind when it comes to dimming the display.
I am more of a fan of AMOLED displays versus LCD, but the G4's display is the best LCD one that I have ever seen. It comes close to matching Samsung's with color, but isn't as saturated. It is very vivid and and replicates colors very well.
One thing that LCD display have a hard time displaying very well is pitch black colors. Where AMOLED display can just keep certain pixels not lit, LCD is forced to light up every one, no matter the color. The G4 can still hold its own, but it can't touch an AMOLED display.
Performance
LG's last device was slightly under-powered as the Snapdragon 801 had a hard time managing the QHD display. Pixel packed displays take a lot of performance to manage, so that's why LG had to think long and hard about which processor to include in their 2015 flagship.
Instead of going with the Snapdragon 810 processor that was found in the G Flex 2, they opted for the Snapdragon 808. Although the 808 doesn't perform as highly as the 810 does, it doesn't have nearly the same overheating issues. I personally think it was a very good move for LG.
The Snapdragon 808 is a 64-bit hexa-core processor which has two A57 cores clocked at 1.8 GHz and four A53 cores clocked at 1.5 GHz. On top of it all, it is running the Adreno 418 GPU and is backed by 3 GB of RAM. Many thought the G4 would be under-powered, especially when comparing it to the 810, but I find it quite the contrary.
I have not had a single lag or stutter with the 808 in the G4, as LG stated that the software was ‘optimized' for the processor and they were made for each other. They weren't lying and the AnTuTu Benchmark scores can prove it. It came very close to my HTC One M9 score 52,789. The scores can be seen below. If you would like to see the LG G4 compared to other devices, check out our AnTuTu Benchmark database.
As far as software goes, LG UX 4.0 looks much the same as it did on the G3. Overall it is more ‘Material', but still is not very close to stock Android. The experience is just fine and I actually prefer it over HTC Sense, but find it a little behind TouchWiz as far as aesthetics.
The good news is that any LG app that is found on the device, has the ability to be uninstalled. Some of those are QuickMemo, QuickRemote, and the LG Health app. Some that cannot be uninstalled that can just be disabled are Amazon, Lookout Security, and carrier-tailored apps.
Like I stated earlier, the user interface experience isn't all too bad, but I really wish they would have done something with the app drawer. There is no animation leaving from the app drawer back to the homescreen which makes it look very choppy.
Camera
When LG announced that the G4 would come with a 16 megapixel camera on the rear and a massive 8 megapixel front-facing camera, I was immediately looking forward to testing it out. I am by no means a ‘photographer', but I do tend to enjoy taking pictures with my smartphone. The G3's camera was one of my favorites of last year, so it could only go up from here. Top the G4 off with an f/1.8 aperture, which is larger than the S6/S6 edge's, and you have yourself a good camera.
Along with the upgraded specs, the device also comes with some upgraded camera software. The G4 features a manual mode where the photographer can control things like ISO, focus, white balance, and shutter speed. I am a fan of point-and-shoot photos, but sometimes it is more fun to get more out of the image.
As far as point and shooting with the G4, the laser auto focus helps out a lot. You are able to look at an object, and the device will focus very quickly. The image will come out very sharp. At night time, it does take a tad longer to focus, but it is still efficient.
The overall image quality is by far the top of the market right now. I think I prefer it more than my Galaxy S6 edge camera, and I said that was the best camera I've ever used when I reviewed that. The camera can do it all: low light, manual mode, quick images. It's just the best packaged camera I've seen on a smartphone so far.
Battery
The fact of the matter is, if you have a QHD display, you will eat through much more battery much quicker. That is the one thing that we have to live with as our displays get more pixels dense. As far as the LG G4 goes, it fits right in the middle as far as battery life.
Thankfully, the G4 packs a swappable 3,000 mAh battery, which phones like the HTC One M9 and Galaxy S6 lack. When they need a charge, they need to find an outlet, whereas the G4 can just hot swap a new battery in. I was never into swapping batteries before I got the G4, but thanks to their battery promo, I've been doing it daily and I don't think I want to turn back.
Overall, I could easily squeeze 3 hours of screen on time in a normal day which lasts 15-18 hours in between charges. If I really wanted to I could push it to 4, but for the most part I ended with 3 hours most days. It fits in with most QHD devices as far as battery life goes.
It is a slight improvement over its predecessor, the G3 however. Not by much, but I'll take all I can get when it comes to battery life. One thing that impresses me the most though, is the standby time. Out of my Nexus 6 and S6e, the G4 has the best standby time and will only lose around 2-3% over night, which is around 8 hours. That is something to brag about.
Conclusion
The LG G4 is a contender for the top flagship of 2015 so far, even with the Snapdragon 808 processor. It picks up directly where the LG G3 left off and is upgraded in nearly every category. It performs as well as it looks.
LG went with the same plastic build construction, but decided to spruce it up with a leather backing which I think makes the device, aesthetically. It is very well-put together; couple that with upgraded internals and the best smartphone camera on the market, and you have yourself a great device.
I just wish LG would make the switch over to AMOLED display and run with a metal chassis. It's nothing to complain about, but there is always room from improvement. If you are looking for a device in 2015 that is very versatile, the G4 with its expandable storage and removable battery is definitely a good option.
The Senate parliamentarian has ruled that defunding Planned Parenthood can be part of a special Republican package repealing parts of ObamaCare, The Hill has learned.
The parliamentarian on Tuesday gave word that the provision passes muster under the Senate's Byrd Rule, which means it can be attached to a reconciliation package that cannot be filibustered on the Senate floor.
ADVERTISEMENT
Some Senate sources had raised questions over whether the reconciliation bill passed by the House — which strips funding from Planned Parenthood — was even eligible for the reconciliation process.
That question is now settled, which means the Senate can begin debating the measure once GOP leaders round up enough votes to bring it to the floor.
“The House of Representatives passed important legislation that ripped out the core pillars of ObamaCare and fully complies with the House's budget rules. Today the Senate Parliamentarian advised us that their ObamaCare repeal bill can proceed under the rules of reconciliation,” said Don Stewart, a spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.).
“The Parliamentarian also confirmed that the restrictions on payments to certain health care providers in section 201 of the House bill can be accomplished consistent with the Byrd rule,” Stewart added, referring to language defunding Planned Parenthood.
MacDonough also determined, however, that the House-passed language repealing the mandates on individuals and employers to buy and offer healthcare coverage needed to be changed to comply with Senate rules.
Stewart said these key components of the House bill could be changed without altering their intent.
“When the Senate begins debate on the ObamaCare repeal bill, there will be a substitute amendment that preserves the provisions of the House-passed bill, while ensuring that the underlying bill complies with rules that apply only in the Senate,” they said.
A senior Senate GOP aide downplayed the expected changes to the individual and employer mandate repeals as “tweaks.”
The ruling on the Planned Parenthood provision is mixed news for McConnell because it may complicate efforts to pass the repeal bill.
Three moderates, Sens. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine), Mark Kirk Mark Steven KirkThe global reality behind 'local' problems Dems vow swift action on gun reform next year This week: Trump heads to Capitol Hill MORE (R-Ill.) and Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (R-Alaska), have balked at defunding Planned Parenthood.
If the repeal bill includes language targeting the organization, they may not support it.
“Collins and Kirk can't vote for it,” said a Senate GOP source.
But the development is welcome news for House conservatives, who made defunding Planned Parenthood a top priority during the government funding fight this fall.
The votes of Collins, Kirk and Murkowski are crucial because three conservatives, Sens. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas), Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) and Mike Lee Michael (Mike) Shumway LeePush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE (R-Utah), have vowed to oppose the House-passed bill.
They issued a joint statement last month panning the House measure for not going far enough.
“On Friday the House of Representatives is set to vote on a reconciliation bill that repeals only parts of ObamaCare. This simply isn't good enough. Each of us campaigned on a promise to fully repeal ObamaCare and a reconciliation bill is the best way to send such legislation to President Obama's desk,” the three senators said.
Murkowski signaled Tuesday evening that they might vote to proceed to the reconciliation package even if it includes language to defund Planned Parenthood because it can be amended at a later date on the floor.
“The way it has been discussed in our conference is that there are going to be many opportunities for amendments. If the Planned Parenthood piece stays in, I'm sure there will be amendments to take it out,” they said.
Republicans control 54 Senate seats and can lose only three votes to pass an ObamaCare repeal bill, because Democrats are expected to vote unanimously against it.
Had the parliamentarian ruled the Planned Parenthood language violated the Byrd Rule, it would have forced GOP leaders to take it out. While that may have made it easier for moderates to vote yes on the broader package, it could have sparked a conservative backlash.
“It might make it easier to pass the bill but it might not make life easier,” said a Republican senator, who requested anonymity to discuss legislative strategy.
McConnell on Tuesday pledged to send the repeal bill to Obama despite divisions in their conference.
"We want to make sure the American people know we're still on their side, and that's the reason we intend to send ObamaCare repeal to the president's desk," they told reporters.
The Byrd Rule, named after the late Sen. Robert Byrd (D-W.Va.), who authored the 1974 Budget Act, is a five-part test that determines what language can be protected from filibuster during reconciliation.
It requires that the primary purpose of provisions receiving special protection is to affect spending and revenues.
Some Senate sources questioned whether the Planned Parenthood language qualified because the chief motivation behind it seemed to be to halt federal funding to the group instead of to reduce the deficit.
Mo Farah's coach Alberto Salazar often warned their athletes not to touch their bags because they feared contaminating them with their testosterone gel, a former member of their camp has told the Guardian.
Allan Kupczak, a massage therapist at the Nike Oregon Project from 2008 to 2011, also said they went to the United States Anti-Doping Agency before the London 2012 Olympics because of their fears anti-doping rules were being bent or broken by Salazar.
Kupczak, who said they massaged every athlete at the Oregon Project on a regular basis, including Farah, Galen Rupp and Kara Goucher, said Salazar would frequently bring Androgel, a banned anabolic steroid, on training camps. The World Anti-Doping Association rules forbid support personnel to carry such drugs without good reason.
Mo Farah looks like the victim of a witch-hunt, says Steve Cram Read more
Kupczak said: “When we were at an airport together Alberto would say: ‘Don't let anyone touch my bag – I have my testosterone cream in there. I don't want anyone to get contaminated accidentally.' My thought was: if you are taking testosterone for yourself there are so many ways you can do it. You can do it in a tablet form. You can do it injection form. You can do it in an implant. So why risk something that could possibly contaminate the athlete? That is nuts. But then we would say, it's their way. That's Alberto.
“It was one of those things that was so common that we didn't really take notice of it. We would just think he's got their damned Androgel again.”
The Guardian received no response when it put Kupczak's claim to Salazar via email. However it is known they are preparing a detailed rebuttal to a Panorama documentary that claimed they gave Rupp testosterone when the athlete was 16 and committed several other doping violations. Rupp and Salazar deny the allegations and there is no suggestion Farah has committed any wrongdoing.
Mo Farah's PR team eases the pressure but plenty of questions for others Read more
In a statement to the Guardian earlier this month, Salazar said: “I have said all along that I believe in a clean sport, hard work and I deny all allegations of doping. Given the time and effort the BBC and ProPublica committed to making these false allegations I hope that media and fans will afford me a short time to show the accusers are knowingly making false statements.”
Kupczak, who also worked at the Oregon Project for a few months in 2006, also told the Guardian of a culture “where inhalers were so prevalent, it didn't even faze me if people had one”. Yet in Kupczak's view that culture became increasing secretive after they returned in 2008 and had become worse by 2011, by which time Farah had joined the camp.
“When I first met Alberto in 2006 they were great,” they said. “He was fun. They were open. They would help anyone. They were a good man. They get some wild ideas – they would want to fly to altitude to do a workout and it would happen, or they would order some laser for $20,000 that is worthless. They would do crazy things like that. As a therapist it was fun. I was like, what crazy stuff will we come up with next? But when I went back in 2008 they had changed. And they continued changing by the week. Things got really secretive.”
John Rohatinsky backs drug allegations made against Alberto Salazar Read more
Kupczak, the latest former employee of Nike's Oregon Project to come forward with claims against Salazar – the tally now stands at nearly 20 – also said they spoke to Usada three years ago. “I wanted to alert them before the Olympics because I thought they could watch more closely or do something about it. I probably contacted them in June 2012, and I spoke to them later in that month.”
Kupczak believes that, in the next few days, Salazar will try to discredit Goucher, the 2007 10,000m world championship bronze medallist, and Steve Magness, an assistant at the Nike Oregon Project, who made some of the more serious accusations against them in the Panorama documentary. Kupczak said they can vouch for their former colleagues' testimony and character.
“I absolutely believe Kara,” they said. “I trust completely that they are honest. And Steve has complete integrity. He's such a science guy that they want to do it the proper way. Doping, in their mind, would take away from their science and their research.”
Kupczak expects that, when Salazar issues their reply to the BBC, there will confusion in the athletics world with people unsure who is telling the truth. They believe the best way to cut through the impasse would be for Usada – or another official body – to start interviewing every member of the Nike Oregon Project under oath.
“I would love to see that,” Kupczak said. “That is always when it comes out because you can't lie because if you do you'll have perjury charges. I would love to see all this come under oath, let's do it. They always catch you. They always do.
“If it was anyone else but Alberto they would say: ‘Enough is enough, we have heard this from enough people.' It's similar to the Lance Armstrong case, where they didn't have any positive tests but they had enough witnesses that they said you're done.”
Kupczak said the bond between Salazar and Rupp was so close the coach would sometimes take over the massage duties from them when they were at training camps. “Sometimes we'd be somewhere and Galen likes their massages in the evening, so I would start to work on them and Alberto would say: ‘Al, you take the night off, I'll give Galen a massage.'
“At first I was a little taken aback. I was thinking am I doing a good job? But then I realised they have a peculiar arrangement, it's beyond son and father, like some people say, so I'd just laugh it off and think I've got the night off, good.”
One of the cornerstones of red pill truth is in men coming to terms with what amounts to (in most cases) half a lifetime of feminine conditioning. It's interesting to consider that there was a time (pre-sexual revolution) when a man wasn't in someway socialized and acculturated in their upbringing to give deference to the feminine or to become more feminine-identifying. There are plenty of other manosphere bloggers who'll run down in detail all of the many ways boys are now raised and educated to be what a feminine-primary world would like them to be, but at the heart of it is a presumption that boys should be raised and conditioned to be more like girls; conditioned from their earliest memories to be better providers for what women believe they will eventually want them to be as adult ‘men'.
For men who've become aware of this conditioning through some trauma or personal crisis that prompted them to seek answers for their condition, we call this period our blue pill days. I think it's important to make a distinction about this time – whether or not a man is Alpha or Beta doesn't necessarily exclude them from the consequences of a blue pill conditioning. That isn't to say that a more natural Alpha Man can't see the world in a red pill perspective by their own means, but rather that their feminine-primary upbringing doesn't necessarily make a man Alpha or Beta.
The Blue Pill Alpha
I'm making this distinction because there is school of thought that being blue pill (unaware of one's conditioning) necessitates them being more Beta. To be sure, feminine-primary conditioning would raise a boy into a more feminine-pliable man – ready to serve as the good Beta provider when a woman's SMV declines and she's less able to compete with their younger sexual competitors.
However, there exist more Alpha Men also conditioned to be servants of the Feminine Imperative. These men make for some of the most self-evincing White Knights you'll ever meet and are usually the first men to “defend the honor” of the feminine and women for whom they lack a real awareness of. Binary absolutism and an upbringing steeped in feminization makes for a potent sense of self-righteousness. Blue pill Alphas live for the opportunity to defend everything their conditioning has taught them. To the blue pill Alpha all women are victims by default, all women share a common historic suffrage and any man (his sexual competitors) critical of the feminine are simply an opportunity to prove their worth to any woman in earshot who might at all find their zealousness attractive.
The Second Set of Books
On June 15th, 2011, Thomas Ball set themselves on fire in front of Cheshire Superior Court in New Hampshire. While I strongly disagree with their decision to self-immolate, I understand their sentiment. In last week's Possession, Living Tree attempted to call me to the carpet about how a man might come to the conclusion of suicide or murder once he'd become confronted with a total loss of all their personal and emotional investment in life:
But Rollo, you just justified murder as “logical”, by illustrating that insecurity is the prime motivator for this man's life (and many others, I'd imagine). The decision may have been understandable in an empathetic sense, and they might have seen it as logical at the time, but there is nothing logical about it. You are making extreme beta-ism seem more and more like a mental disorder.
Just for the record, I'd argue that ONEitis, however extreme, is in fact a mental disorder.
I haven't justified anything, murder or suicide, I've simply outlined the deductive process men use when confronting the actualized loss of their most important investment (or perceptually so) in life. They are convinced and conditioned to believe that women are playing by a set of rules and will honor the terms of those rules, only to find that after ego-investing themselves for a lifetime in the correctness and appropriateness of those rules do they discover in cruel and harsh terms that women are playing by another set of rules and wonder at how stupid they could be to have ever believed in the rules they were conditioned to expect everyone would abide by.
Suicide or murder is certainly a deductive and pragmatic end for some men, but by no means is it justified. Thomas Ball, for all of their due diligence in uncovering the ugly processes of the American divorce industry, was far more useful alive than dead in some symbolic suicide. They aren't the martyr they probably expected he'd be, he's just a footnote.
For all of that, Thomas Ball and their last message to humanity serves as an excellent illustration of a man coming to terms with their own conditioning. In their message Ball makes a very important observation about their legal ordeals. They come to understand that there are two sets of books rather than the one he'd been lead to believe that everyone understood as ‘the rules' everyone should play by.
The confusion you have with them is you both are using different sets of books. You are using the old First Set of Books- the Constitution, the general laws or statutes and the court ruling sometime call Common Law. They are using the newer Second Set of Books. That is the collection of the policy, procedures and protocols. Once you know what set of books everyone is using, then everything they do looks logical and upright.
Ball was of course making a political statement in their account of going through the legal system and the cruel education they got in the process, but when men transition from their comfortable blue pill perspective into the harsh reality that the red pill represents, the experience is a lot like Ball discovering that the set of books (the set of rules) he'd believed everyone was using wasn't so. Likewise, men who've been conditioned since birth to believe that women were using a common set of rules – a set where certain expectations and mutual exchange were understood – were in fact using their own set. Furthermore these men ‘just didn't get it' that they should've known all along that women, as well as men's feminization conditioning, were founded in a second set of books.
In and of itself, this is a difficult lesson for young men to learn and disabuse themselves of before they've invested their most productive years into what their blue pill conditioning has convinced them they can expect from life and women. However, when a mature man, who's based the better part of their life and invested their future into the hope that the first set of books is actually legitimate set is disenfranchised by the second set of books, by the actual set of rules he's been playing with, that's when all of the equity they believed he'd established under the first set of books counts for nothing. Literally their life (up to that point) counted for nothing.
When faced with the prospect of rebuilding themselves after living so long under false pretenses, after having all they believed they were building turn up to be a lifetime of wasted effort, he's faced with two real options. Recreate themselves or destroy himself. Needless to say suicide statistics among men are a strong indication that the majority of men (Betas) simply don't have the personal strength to recreate themselves. Thomas Ball didn't.
There's usually a lot of disillusionment that comes with making the transition to Red Pill awareness. I've written more than a few posts about the stages of grief and acceptance that come along with that transition. Guy's get upset that what they now see was really there all along, but it's not so much the harshness of seeing red pill dynamics in women or a feminized society play out with such predictability, it's the loss of investment that cause the real sense of nihilism. When I wrote Anger Management, the overarching reason most men experienced what they called a righteous anger, wasn't at how the second set of books had been dictating their lives for so long, but rather it was anger at having invested so much of themselves in the first set of books and losing that very long term investment.
The good news is you can rebuild yourself. A lot gets written about how nihilistic the red pill is, but this is for a lack of understanding that you can recreate yourself for the positive with the knowledge of both sets of rules. One common thread I see come up often on the Red Pill Reddit forum is how Game-awareness has completely destroyed a guy's world view. I get it, I realize it's a hard realization, but their depression is only for a lack of realizing that they can become even better in this new understanding than they were in their blue pill ignorance.
Like this: Like Loading...
The Flag Man of Vanier is back in business.
A year after two dozen of their Canadian flags were stolen just before Canada Day, Henry McCambridge is featuring a grander flag display to ring in Canada's 150th birthday.
“We're just showing that these young punks who stole them last year can't deny us our festivities this year,” McCambridge said. “Us seniors are not just going to lay low and die. We did our own little presentation.”
McCambridge, 71, takes enormous pride in their flag display at Fatima Manor, a community housing residence for seniors at 280 Montfort St. So, they were devastated to wake up a week before Canada Day 2016 to find flags taken from the fences of the property, including several large flags donated by Ottawa-Vanier MP Mauril Bélanger, who died of ALS last August.
To their delight, McCambridge has been overwhelmed with support since the news of the thefts.
“It was like a procession coming in here with the flags for us,” McCambridge says. “There was quite the showing of patriotism, I must admit.
“OC Transpo drivers were stopping in front and dropping off flags for us. Children were coming in, politicians.”
Others who stepped up include the Vanier Community Service Centre, Ottawa Community Housing and the Bank of Montreal — all sent donations to help the Manor wave the flags on July 1.
Today, every balcony in the seven-storey building has a Canadian flag draped on its side, a show of determination by the seniors who live there, McCambridge says. A gazebo in the courtyard is also decked out in red and white.
Luckily, McCambridge still has a couple of flags left from the many donated by Bélanger over the years. Not to show all their cards, McCambridge promises the best and brightest display won't be seen until July 1. As for the fence area, prone to sticky-fingered thieves, those flags are being taken down each evening prior to July 1.
Passersby are appreciating the effort to brighten up the area.
“People are stopping and taking pictures, admiring the work that we've done,” said McCambridge. They want weekend visitors to savour the five community garden beds, complete with sheds.
“We like people to see we're very active here,” McCambridge says.
McCambridge and their beloved dog, Gracie, “my little hunny-bunny” are standing guard. Abused as a pup, Gracie came from the Jack Russell Terrier rescue centre. McCambridge has been caring for them for 10 years and says she's a huge hit with the women in the building.
“She's the princess of the place,” they says
A few kilometres removed from the Parliament Hill festivities, Fatima Manor's Canada Day will begin with a barbecue at 11 a.m. and blend into an outdoor party at the local Legion in the afternoon and evening, with music, dancing and a view of the Hill fireworks.
“Come and enjoy what we have and enjoy Canada,” McCambridge says. “Open arms to everybody.”
As for the flags they and other tenants worked so hard to showcase, McCambridge says – you're welcome.
“What do they call it in Hollywood? It was a labour of love.”
wscanlan@postmedia.com
If the spectacular new libraries erected to house millions of books in Germany and around the world are any indicator, libraries today continue to attract a great many readers young and old, despite the prevalence of digital offerings.
German physicist Albert Einstein once famously said that the only thing you "absolutely have to know" is the location of the library - and view that has been shared by countless scientists, writers, politicians and statesmen.
'Everything you need'
French 20th-century philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre saw the library as "a temple," and Marcus Tullius Cicero, a Roman statesman and scholar who lived in the first century BC wrote that if you have a garden and a library, "you have everything you need."
British essayist and poet T.S. Eliot felt that "the very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man."
A window to the world
The library even features in contemporary fantasy novels. In "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets," young wizard Ron Weasley says about their friend Hermione that, "when in doubt" they "goes to the library."
Jorge Luis Borges, a 20th century Argentine writer and poet imagined paradise as a "kind of library."
Step into Germany's literary "paradises" by clicking through the gallery above.
Weezer: Still finding ways to surprise us! Branded Snuggies? Lil Wayne guest verses? [Letting Dwight from "The Office" name their album](http://pitchfork.com/news/36297-weezers-iraditudei-decoded/ "Letting Dwight from "The Office" name their album" )? These are all one thing. But becoming the first even vaguely credible rock band to embrace Kenny G? Well, that's another thing entirely. Next to this, Ween's David Sanborn collab seems positively pedestrian.
Yesterday, the band taped five songs for a future edition of AOL Sessions at AOL's Beverly Hills studio, as Spinner reports. They brought a few surprise guests with them: thinking man's Flo Rida Chamillionaire, "I'm not gonna write you a love song" chick Sara Bareilles, and, yes, Kenny G, the frizzy-haired smooth jazz goblin who made the 90s an infinitely shittier time to be alive.
Said Kenny G: "I don't know anything about Weezer-- nothing. I've heard the name, but I never knew any of their songs [except] some song about a sweater... with the wool coming apart?" Oh, Kenny G.
During the AOL Session, Kenny G played an improvised solo on their horrible little saxophone thing during Weezer's "I'm Your Daddy".Â Chamillionaire filled in for Lil Wayne on "Can't Stop Partying". Bareilles helped out on the single "(If You're Wondering If I Want You To) I Want You To". (According to Spinner, Weezer recruited Bareilles for an acoustic duet version of "I Want You To", which they recently shot a video for, and will perform together tonight on "Jimmy Kimmel Live".) Weezer also played an acoustic cover of Green Day's "Brain Stew".
We'll all be able to watch this particularly brain-exploding Session in November, but you can already see some absurd photos over on Spinner.
APEC leaders agree on trade deal outline
Updated
Nine APEC countries including Australia have agreed on a framework to eliminate tariffs as soon as possible.
US president Barack Obama announced that the leaders of nine Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation countries have reached a broad agreement on the free-trade pact - known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) - in the Hawaiian capital, Honolulu.
The pact sets out to eliminate all tariffs and introduce new uniform labour and intellectual property standards across the Asia-Pacific. The leaders are aiming to finalise the deal next year.
"With nearly 500 million consumers between us, there is so much more we can do together," Mr Obama said after the meeting of TPP leaders, ahead of the official APEC summit.
"Together we can boost exports and create more goods available for our consumers, create new jobs and compete and win in future markets.
"I'm confident we can get this done."
The pact is a centrepiece of the Obama administration's project of cementing America's role in the Asia-Pacific region, which it believes could secure the country's economic future.
"The United States is a Pacific power and we are here to stay," Mr Obama said after the announcement at a meeting of regional CEOs.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard believes the agreement will benefit Australia's entire economy, particularly primary producers.
"For our farmers this is a very important development," they said.
But Ms Gillard says it is too early to say how the deal will boost Australian jobs and the nation's bottom line.
Officials will now work on the fine print and hope to sign off on the agreement next year.
"That is an important statement of ambition about getting this done," Ms Gillard said.
The nine countries involved are Australia, Brunei, Chile, Malaysia, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, the United States and Vietnam.
They account for one-quarter of the world's Gross Domestic Product.
Japan's part
Japan has indicated it would like to join the group too but will face pressure from its own farmers who want to keep government subsidies.
However Tokyo's participation means that it could take years to complete the partnership.
Ms Gillard says Tokyo will not be allowed to delay progression of the agreement.
"We don't want that to slow down the pace of development," they said.
Trade Minister Craig Emerson has also been involved in negotiating the TPP agreement.
"We're thrilled that the president of the United States is so keen on this," they said.
Dr Emerson says the economic benefits to Australia will be better understood once the deal is finalised in 2012.
"Realistically you need to wait until the TPP takes shape," they said.
"Economists are wonderful people but they can make things up too.
"And you would be making it up if you did some economic modelling about a concept, and whatever you plugged in you'll get a result on the other side, and everyone will say wow, look at that, isn't it terrific?"
ABC/AFP
Topics: apec-economic-leaders-meeting, trade, hawaii
First posted
DO – This guy, has mastered wearing no socks with a dress-casual outfit
It has been awhile since I have done a controversial piece, yet as my moniker is ‘The Shoe Snob,' and I do have quite strong feelings about many things within the shoe world, I felt that it was about time that I spoke my mind about something which needs speaking about. As is evident from the title, the date today (being Spring now) and the weather (depending on where you live), the subject at hand refers to whether or not socks are appropriate for certain outfits. Now, this will be very very subjective (for some) and will have some gray areas too, but I do feel that there are definitely certain outfits that men will wear –going sockless– that without a doubt, should have been accompanied by covered ankles! But ever since Thom Browne, and a bunch mega-fashion trends, started sprouting about, you see more and more guys wearing suits (dress ones), with leather soled dress shoes and no socks….and sometimes, even those awfully short trousers, which bare more than just ankle…..and to me, this is simply just wrong….and not in the least elegant!
DON'T – Even though this guy looks incredibly cool to me, their outfit requires socks, as it is a bit dressy to be without them�
Now this is not to say, that socks should always be worn, as there are times when the weather gets so blistering hot and one must let their feet feel comfortable without having to resort to flip-flops in the city, but there is a decency that should at least be kept, especially when wearing a suit (and shoes) that are intended for work-wear. That being, allow me to list some of my ‘do's' and ‘don'ts' for going sockless. Bare in mind, I am not saying that I like each outfit for my ‘do' section or that I hate each outfit for my ‘don't' only that I believe that the person in the picture, did either the right (‘do') or wrong (‘don't') thing in not wearing socks….
Do's – You really have to judge your outfit, from the trousers, to the shoes that you intend to wear to the upper part of it, such as a blazer vs. a sportcoat vs. a button-up shirt. To me, the culmination of all of these will determine whether or not wearing socks will be necessary. For instance, the guy a top (and below, right) of the post is wearing everything that allows them to go sockless: tan shoes, loafers, khaki jeans, casual leather belt, casual button-up shirt and sportcoat in non-dressy color. And here are some others that pulled it off too.
Don'ts – The problem with a lot of the pictures that I am going to put below, is not that the people look all that bad (regarding their outfit coordination), it's just that the outfit are such that they require socks. For me, the lighter your clothes (in color and it cloth weight) the easier it is to go sockless, as the contrast between skin and clothing is not so strong (hence why it is considered sartorial blasphemy to wear white socks with dress clothes). This is where many of these people got it wrong. Wearing a sharp navy suit, with black shoes and not having any socks is just like a blinding light coming from your ankles, that to me just throws off the whole outfit and makes it so inelegant……
Side Note: You may look at the guy directly above (with the DB suit) and the guy directly below (right) and think that they are wearing pretty much the same thing, but the key difference is that one is wearing black shoes. For me, black shoes should never go sockless, as they are the most formal shoe there is, and going sockless is the most casual thing that you can do. It's a total contradiction, even if they are loafers or suede. It just doesn't go. Plus the guy below has their trousers just a bit too high for my taste.
The Border-liners – There are times when at first glance you may think, ‘that person should be wearing socks.' But after re-assessing their outfit, you may come to understand that going sockless, albeit a bold decision, was in fact, okay. But each case will be different, and not everyone would be able to pull it off. You will notice below that one guy has a suit on and no socks. But their suit is casual. It has no crease in the trousers whatsoever, a very bold (and casual) check, no tie, and suede shoes. And because there are all of these things, them wearing no socks seems to work.
As a whole, I am not really a fan of going sockless (unless I am wearing shorts), but that does not mean that it is not okay. It is just one of those things that you will have to assess case by case. Certain people will be able to pull it off and still look cool (like the guy above) and certain people won't. But when trying too hard and doing so when dressed formally, looks just outright silly to me. Everything has it's place, and ankle showing while wearing a nice dress suit is just flat-out unacceptable, but everything else is up for interpretation….
Pictures Courtesy Of: The Sartorialist & The Fashionist
Czech Republic) Because of a newly painted façade , the whole building looks as if it has been reconstructed although the rest is still in decay (castle brewery in Kolín
In politics and economics, a Potemkin village (also Potyomkin village, translated from the Russian: потёмкинские деревни, Russian pronunciation: [pɐˈtʲɵmkʲɪnskʲɪɪ dʲɪˈrʲɛvnʲɪ] potyomkinskiye derevni) is any construction (literal or figurative) built solely to deceive others into thinking that a situation is better than it really is. The term comes from stories of a fake portable village built solely to impress Empress Catherine II by their former lover Grigory Potemkin during their journey to Crimea in 1787. While modern historians claim accounts of this portable village are exaggerated, the original story was that Potemkin erected phony portable settlements along the banks of the Dnieper River in order to impress the Russian Empress; the structures would be disassembled after they passed, and re-assembled farther along their route to be viewed again as if another example.[1]
Origin [ edit ]
Grigory Potemkin was a minister and lover of the Russian Empress Catherine II.[2] After the Russian annexation of Crimea from the Ottoman Empire and liquidation of the Cossack Zaporozhian Sich (see New Russia), Potemkin became governor of the region. Crimea had been devastated by the war, and the Muslim Tatar inhabitants of Crimea were viewed as a potential fifth column of the Ottoman Empire; Potemkin's major tasks were to pacify and rebuild by bringing in Russian settlers. In 1787, as a new war was about to break out between Russia and the Ottoman Empire, Catherine II with their court and several ambassadors made an unprecedented six-month trip to New Russia. One purpose of this trip was to impress Russia's allies prior to the war. Another purpose was to familiarize herself, supposedly directly, with their new possessions.[3] To help accomplish this, Potemkin set up "mobile villages" on the banks of the Dnieper River.[4] As soon as the barge carrying the Empress and ambassadors arrived, Potemkin's men, dressed as peasants, would populate the village. Once the barge left, the village was disassembled, then rebuilt downstream overnight.[2]
Historical accuracy [ edit ]
Modern historians are divided on the degree of truth behind the Potemkin village story, and some writers argue that the story is an exaggeration. According to Simon Sebag-Montefiore, Potemkin's most comprehensive English-language biographer, the tale of elaborate, fake settlements with glowing fires designed to comfort the monarch and their entourage as they surveyed the barren territory at night, is largely fictional.[5] Aleksandr Panchenko, an established specialist on 19th-century Russia, used original correspondence and memoirs to conclude that the Potemkin villages are a myth. They write: "Based on the above said we must conclude that the myth of 'Potemkin villages' is exactly a myth, and not an established fact."[6] They write that "Potyomkin indeed decorated existing cities and villages, but made no secret that this was a decoration".[7]
The close relationship between Potemkin and the empress would make it difficult for them to deceive them Thus, the deception would have been mainly directed towards the foreign ambassadors accompanying the imperial party.[8]
Although "Potemkin village" has come to mean, especially in a political context, any hollow or false construct, physical or figurative, meant to hide an undesirable or potentially damaging situation,[9] it is possible that the phrase cannot be applied accurately to its own original historical inspiration. According to some historians, some of the buildings were real and others were constructed to show what the region would look like in the near future and at least Catherine and possibly also their foreign visitors knew which were which. According to these historians, the claims of deception were part of a defamation campaign against Potemkin.[10][11] According to a legend, in 1787, when Catherine passed through Tula on their way back from the trip, the local governor Mikhail Krechetnikov indeed attempted a deception of that kind in order to hide the effects of a bad harvest.[12]
Modern usage [ edit ]
Physical examples [ edit ]
Metaphorical usage [ edit ]
In the 2018 lawsuit [24] filed against Exxon for the fraud relating to the discrepancy between the published cost of climate regulation and the internally calculated costs, New York Attorney General Underwood's complaint alleged, "Through its fraudulent scheme, Exxon in effect erected a Potemkin village to create the illusion that it had fully considered the risks of future climate change regulation and had factored those risks into its business operations." [25]
In the United States legal system [ edit ]
"Potemkin village" is a phrase that has been used by American judges, especially members of a multiple-judge panel who dissent from the majority's opinion on a particular matter, to refer to an inaccurate or tortured interpretation and/or application of a particular legal doctrine to the specific facts at issue. Use of the phrase is meant to imply that the reasons espoused by the panel's majority in support of its decision are not based on accurate or sound law, and their restrictive application is merely a masquerade for the court's desire to avoid a difficult decision.[26][27]
In Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey (1992), chief justice of the US, William Rehnquist, wrote that Roe v. Wade "stands as a sort of judicial Potemkin Village, which may be pointed out to passers-by as a monument to the importance of adhering to precedent".[28]
"The affidavit is the Potemkin Village of today's litigation landscape," wrote William G. Young of the District of Massachusetts. "Purported adjudication by affidavit is like walking down a street between two movie sets, all lawyer-painted façade and no interior architecture." [29]
Other uses [ edit ]
Construction or not, motorists and pedestrians in Bothell Washington , can see a forest-like view
Sometimes, instead of the full phrase, just "Potemkin" is used, as an adjective. For example, the use of a row of trees to screen a clearcut area from highway drivers has been called a "Potemkin forest".[30] For example, the glossary entry for "clearcut" in We Have The Right To Exist: A Translation of Aboriginal Indigenous Thought states that "Much of the extensive clearcut in Northern Minnesota is insulated from scrutiny by the urbanized public by a Potemkin forest, or, as the D.N.R. terms it, an aesthetic strip--a thin illusion of forest about six trees deep, along most highways and fronting waters frequented by tourists."[31] Or for example in the phrase "Potemkin court", which implies that the court's reason to exist is being called into question; differing from the phrase "kangaroo court" with which the court's standard of justice is being impugned.[32]
Many of the newly constructed base areas at ski resorts are referred to as Potemkin villages.[33][34] These create the illusion of a quaint mountain town, but are actually carefully planned theme shopping centers, hotels and restaurants designed for maximum revenue. Similarly, in The Geography of Nowhere, American writer James Howard Kunstler refers to contemporary suburban shopping centers as "Potemkin village shopping plazas".[35]
Hardcore punk band Propagandhi released an album in 2005 called Potemkin City Limits. The cover depicts kids playing in a city which is drawn on the ground, a façade city.[36] Their 2009 album Supporting Caste has a song called "Potemkin City Limits", about the statue of Francis the pig, in Alberta, Canada.[37][38][39]
The United States' President Donald Trump's business councils have been described as Potemkin Villages after several high-profile CEO participants resigned in August 2017.[40] Trump's The Art of the Deal describes a stunt in which they lured Holiday Inn executives into investing in an Atlantic City casino by directing their construction manager to rent dozens of pieces of heavy equipment, in advance of a visit by the executives, to move dirt around on the proposed casino site, creating the illusion that construction was underway.[41]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Nine children have been killed following a rocket attack by Islamic State terrorists on a school in Deir Ezzor, an oil-rich region in the east of Syria. A further 15 school kids were injured, three of whom are in a critical condition.
“We went to work as usual at eight in the morning. The girls' group was having a physical education lesson in the yard. The first bomb fell at 8:20am,” Droubi Mohammed al-Ali, the director of the Maisalune middle school, told RT in a telephone interview.
“We tried to make sure that the students would not come to any harm, but unfortunately this was not the case, as nine girls were killed and around 15 were wounded, three of whom are in a critical condition,” they added.
The rocket attacks struck the Harabesh neighborhood of the city and hit the all-girls school. Al-Ali confirmed that the rockets had been fired from an area controlled by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). They added that those affected were in the seventh and 10th grades.
The Syrian cabinet condemned the attack, saying it would not give in to the terrorist group.
“Such crimes against schools and universities will not deter us from continuing the educational process for future generations to rebuild the country,” Prime Minister Wael Nader Al-Halqi said.
IS has often targeted residential districts in the city to try and destabilize the security and stability of the area. The jihadist organization has also looked to terrorize those sections of the local population who do not ascribe to its doctrines.
The area around the city of Deir Ezzor is of crucial importance to IS due to its oil resources. The terrorist group has been running an oil-smuggling operation from the region to help fund its war against the Syrian government of President Assad.
The Russian Defense Ministry released evidence three weeks ago which it said unmasked a vast illegal oil trade carried out by IS, adding that Turkey was the main destination for smuggled petrol. Moscow implicated the Turkish leadership in aiding the terrorists.
“According to our data, the top political leadership of the country – [Turkish] President Erdoğan and their family – is involved in this criminal business.”
However, since the start of Russia's anti-terrorist operation in Syria on September 30, the income of IS militants from illegal oil smuggling has been significantly reduced, the ministry said.
“The income of this terrorist organization was about $3 million per day. After two months of Russian airstrikes their income was about $1.5 million a day,” Lieutenant-General Sergey Rudskoy said at the beginning of December.
The Chase 2012
It is easy to dismiss Ron Paul's fervent supporters as young and clueless. And it is easier to dismiss their candidacy and campaign as having no rhyme or reason, as the GOP establishment desperately wants to do.
But Ron Paul is not leading in many recent Iowa polls based solely on support from young libertarian voters. In fact, Paul is leading because their campaign organization has diligently put together a coalition of caucus-goers who have found their fiscally conservative and non-interventionist foreign policy messages to be appealing. A recent Public Policy Polling poll that was released Tuesday evening even shows that Paul does the best among Evangelical voters, showing the the strength of their organization on the ground and proving that their strong poll numbers have been earned.
In that poll, Paul leads Mitt Romney, 24 percent to 20 percent, but also leads the field among self-identified evangelical voters with 24 percent of the vote. In addition, Paul also leads among non-evangelical and non-Republican voters as well.
In many ways, Paul has organized Iowa much in the way then-candidate Barack Obama did four years ago.
In 2008, Obama ran circles around their Democratic opponents, most notably Hillary Clinton, in terms of organization and enthusiasm. The Obama campaign felt they had to win Iowa in order to convince other voters states that followed that Obama was a viable candidate. And they executed their strategy with precision.
But while Obama was organizing in every precinct and caucus to rack up delegates that enabled them to eventually win the Democratic nomination and presidency, what would be a counter force — the Tea Party movement — was brewing on the Republican side among supporters of Ron Paul.
On the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party in December of 2007, Ron Paul's supporters shocked the political world by flooding their coffers, raising millions of dollars in what was called a “money bomb.”
Paul's organization then, though, could not capitalize on the infusion of cash that poured in just weeks before the 2008 Iowa caucus because they were not well organized. Back then, they were more of a message than a movement.
Four years later, much has changed. Two weeks ago, the campaign raised over $4 million dollars and, unlike in 2008, they have a sophisticated campaign infrastructure on the ground that will enable them to turn that money into votes, as evidenced by a spate of polls that show Paul in first place in Iowa less than a week before Iowans vote on Jan. 3.
In many respects, Paul is attempting to do on the Republican side what Obama did on the Democratic side in 2008. Win the Iowa caucus by out-hustling and out-organizing everyone and ride the momentum that will come from that to win the nomination.
And while it would be easy to dismiss Paul's support as solely coming from pot smoking college students, their organization is much more sophisticated and broad when examined closer.
Paul has always had a fervent floor of young supporters. But in the last four years, their organization has sought to broaden this base by not only targeting young and libertarian voters but also by specifically targeting Evangelical and the homeschooling community in Iowa.
Gaming the Caucus
To win Iowa, the Paul campaign knew it had to not only capitalize on its natural base of support — young, libertarian minded voters — but also reach out to the social conservatives who dominate the Republican nominating contest.
Fortunately for Paul, the fact that independents and Democrats can change their registration on the day of the caucus to participate in the Republican nominating contest gave the campaign even more incentive to actively target and retain young voters — even anti-war Democrats and independents — who found Paul's message appealing.
But they also knew that they could not compete in the caucus with just the youth vote. So they meticulously began a four year project to cobble together supporters from many of Iowa's social conservative groups, including evangelicals and influential home schoolers.
Mike Heath, an ordained Christian minister, has visited over 300 houses of worship across Iowa and is Iowa State Director for the Ron Paul 2012 campaign, and has cobbled together a coalition of evangelical and religious voters for Paul.
Reverend Phillip Kayser, an influential pastor from Omaha who church has a footprint in neighboring Iowa, said they support and endorsed Paul for a number of reasons.
“He is the only candidate who holds to a strict constructionist interpretation of the Constitution,” Kayser said. “He is the only candidate that has a consistent philosophy of economics that will truly resolve America's problems. The economics of each of the other candidates is flawed, and in my opinion grossly un-biblical.”
Kayser also said that even though they are not a perfect candidate, Paul was the only candidate that they could endorse.
Rev. Brian D. Nolder, pastor of Christ the Redeemer Church in Pella, Iowa, also endorsed Paul.
“The idea of supporting Dr. Paul is pretty new to me,” Nolder said. “ Though they seem radical and out of the mainstream at first, careful study will show that [his views] actually reflect the conservatism of our nation's founding fathers, our founding documents, and the first decades of our history. More importantly, they reflect biblical principles.”
They added: “I support Dr. Paul because they want people to be liberated from state dependence and returned to dependence on God–through hard work, entrepreneurship, and enjoying the fruits of one's labor–and assistance from families, local communities, churches, and other private, charitable organizations.”
Nolder said that Paul also had “the most concrete plan to shrink the Leviathan of federal government, and they have the track record to show that they will do what they say. They want to do exactly what the Constitution is designed to do, but which we have been moving away from for the past century: restrain the scope and size of government, particularly at the federal level.”
What makes Paul more appealing than other libertarians in Iowa, though, is their pro-life views. It may also speak to the fact that, in the end, pro-life issues may still trump all else in Iowa.
“As a Christian, I am also very concerned about the issue of human life, since each of us is uniquely made in the image of God,” Nolder said. “Dr. Paul has always been pro-life, refusing to practice abortions throughout their long career as an OB-GYN.”
Nolder also said that Paul's “respect for life” extended to their foreign policy and they were “concerned that our country has moved further and further away from ‘just war' principles of the Christian tradition that used to inform so much of our foreign policy.”
“While I am no pacifist, I am increasingly concerned about how quickly we seem to be resorting to violence to resolve international conflicts, and whether the ‘wars' we have recently been engaged in are truly just,” they said. “Dr. Paul promises to return us to the modest, humble foreign policy that Gov. Bush articulated in the 2000 campaign.”
Another group of voters Paul has targeted are the homeschoolers, a crucial voting bloc.
Dustin and Derricca Krutsinger of Coralville, Iowa said they will support and caucus for Paul because of their support for education freedom.
“We support Dr. Ron Paul for many reasons but the main reason is education freedom. While our children are very young, we have choices in educational pathways,” they said. “As they get older, our government places more and more restrictions on our options, and so we trust Ron Paul to limit government and expand freedom in our private lives, including the freedom to choose how to best educate our children.”
To organize these Iowans, Paul is also using new media, such as a system in which out of state donors can buy and send Paul brochures to early voting states. And in the week leading up to the caucus, Paul not only has many volunteers pouring into Iowa from outside of Iowa but their organization on the ground has organized a 5-day, 52-stop caucus training tour to prepare people for and about the caucus.
Presumably, these sessions will help Independents and Democrats who are willing to their party registration to vote for Paul and are unfamiliar with out the Republican caucus works.
A leading figure in a rival campaign conceded to HUMAN EVENTS that Paul's organization on the ground has been “relentless” and “dogged” in collecting voter info and identifying those who will caucus for Paul. They said that Paul's campaign offices are buzzing and other campaigns have had to play “catch up” with an organization that has “run circles” around others that have had to put together organizations “on the fly.”
In fact, the Public Policy survey revealed that Iowans think Paul has run the best campaign. In another survey last month, Paul led the field when Iowans were asked by which campaign they were contacted the most.
Paul is an anti-establishment candidate and if they were to win the Iowa caucus, it may be because of voters who are not Republican. But, make no mistake about it, Paul will have also won it the traditional, old-school way.
Mike Bowen, one of the owners of the Ottobar, gave a few more details about the murder of Ottobar employee Tom Malenski.
"Tom is an employee at the bar, [but ] was not working last night," Bowen said. "He was a fan of GBH and caught the show downstairs. Nothing happened at the show. It ended and they went upstairs to hang out with friends—he had been sober for 12 years, non-violent, a great guy—he ended up in a position where they helped a fellow employee, even though they aren't working. They removed a gentleman from the building who was not involved in the stabbing and they walked them down Howard, but someone who was presumed to be friend of the guy they removed followed the altercation and ended up coming outside after the first guy was removed, and five doors down they encountered Tom and two other people and slashed . . . There aren't really words to describe something this awful. It's absolutely tragic. Tom was such a good guy."
Bowen reports that the police have been extremely helpful. Anyone with any information is urged to call Homicide at 410-396-2100.
This post has been updated.
Authorities removed protesters Saturday evening from an abandoned school in downtown Washington that had been entered by members or sympathizers of the Occupy D.C. movement.
By 7:15 p.m., 11 people had been brought out of the city-owned Franklin School and placed in a police van as protesters pounded on the vehicle from both inside and outside. Two more protesters were discovered hiding in Franklin School Saturday night during a "secondary sweep of the building," bringing the total number arrested to 13.
Earlier, it appeared that about a dozen people went into the three-story building, unfurling a large black banner from the roof of the three-story building, and vowing to stay inside the school until it is converted for community use.
The protesters said they had enough food and other provisions to stay “indefinitely” but police and firefighters broke into a back door about 5:30 p.m. Protesters formed a human chain in an adjacent alley in hopes of preventing other rescue workers from entering the historic structure.
View Photo Gallery: Two groups of demonstrators have entrenched themselves in Freedom Plaza and McPherson Square downtown.
The school at 13th and K streets NW was most recently a homeless shelter, but was shuttered in 2008. Police closed streets in the vicinity.
Protestors wore bandanas over their faces as they dropped the banner from the top of the school about 3 p.m. It read “Public Property Under Community Control.” They waved to about 200 people in a park below who cheered them on.
“They are prepared to hold occupation as long as they have to,” said Ray Valentine, a spokesperson for Occupy D.C.
A woman inside the building, who declined to give their name, said in a phone interview that the group is busy cleaning up the building so it can be used by the community.
“There is a lot of need for spaces like Franklin,” said the woman, who added that they were born and raised in the District.
Occupy D.C. has called a community meeting for 6:30 p.m. Monday at Asbury United Methodist Church to discuss potential uses for the building with the public.
The school, which opened in 1869, is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The NFL is looking for a new partner to host Thursday Night Football, and it appears that Apple may be gunning to make an interception from Yahoo and Google.
Traditional networks like CBS, ESPN, Fox, and NBC were all informed by the NFL that it is ready to accept bid for broadcasting rights to its Thursday Night Football package, but the league also notified Apple that it can bid for a non-exclusive streaming deal for Apple TV and iOS users.
“The league also sent RFPs to several digital companies, like Google, Yahoo, Apple and Amazon, to stream the entire Thursday night schedule on a non-exclusive basis,” reports SportsDailyBusiness. “The league's initial plan would have the digital streams serve as a simulcast of the television production — with the same ads and in-game production features.”
Adding the option to stream Thursday Night Football could be a great way for Apple to get more customers to buy the new Apple TV. Games could be sold on an individual or seasonal basis through iTunes and Apple TV, or Apple could just give away access for free as a marketing promotion.
Yahoo purchased exclusive rights to stream one game this season, paying around $15 million. NFL Network CEO Brian Rolapp revealed in a recent interview that the league is looking to bring a ‘heavy digital component' to Thursday games. If Apple doesn't buy up the rights, we expect Amazon and Google will be more than happy to scoop up the fumble.
It's the last of the big steam train runs though London tomorrow (Saturday) with two trains at lunchtime, one at an uncomfortably early hour in the morning, and all three returning in the late afternoon/evening.
First up is the Christmas White Rose, which will be pulled by the visually stunning 60019 Bittern locomotive. That leaves Kings Cross at 7:15am, going via Alexandra Palace outwards Potters Bar – and returns in the evening, arriving back at Kings Cross at 10:15pm.
The Orient Express, pulled by the 35028 Clan Line, leaves Victoria Station at 12:25 and then heads out towards Staines – but not totally sure of the route, and returns at 4:10pm.
Finally, the Cathedrals Express will be pulled by the UK's youngest steam train, the 60163 Tornado runs though London, coming in via the South East, and running around via Brixton and Kensington at 9-10am and returning again in the evening at 8-9pm.
As usual, the sort of thing that steam train fans enjoy – and kids love.
The map below makes an educated guess for the Victoria-Staines route.
The other two services should be as shown.
Looking through the magnified sights of an anti-tank weapon in the Lugansk People's Republic, I experienced a moment of deeper understanding of the stakes in the anti-fascist struggle in Ukraine.
It came as I was visiting a camp of Prizrak, the “Ghost Brigade” anti-fascist militia, on the outskirts of Kirovsk in the northwestern part of the independent Lugansk People's Republic.
I was surrounded by volunteer fighters, not only from Donbass and Russia, but from India, Spain, Italy, Norway and several other countries, women and men. Young communists and antifascists, internationalists living in the most difficult conditions imaginable, their sleeping quarters dug into the earth, subject to torrential rains and hail, surrounded by the shrapnel, exploded shells and burned-out vehicles from past battles.
Several days earlier, Ukrainian forces had attacked a nearby bus stop in an attempt to advance. They were pushed back. Now the Prizrak fighters were digging trenches to prevent another advance by the better-equipped enemy forces.
Through a magnifier I had a better view of the Ukrainian base just across no-man's land, which was visible to the naked eye from our position. In addition to tents, vehicles and people moving around, I could see two flags. One was the Ukrainian national. The other was the black and red flag of the fascist Right Sector.
That was on Sunday, May 8.
A second moment of understanding came the next day, May 9. Celebrated as Victory Day throughout the former Soviet Union, it marks the final defeat of Nazi Germany by the Red Army and partisan forces in 1945, after the loss of more than 27 million Soviet lives.
I was in Lugansk, capital city of the Republic, where I participated in the Victory Day parade with the Lugansk Communists and Komsomol.
Coming out of the Communist Party office in the city center, I saw tens of thousands of people streaming down the main street to the gathering site: youth, elders, veterans, workers, parents with young children, teenagers. Almost all were carrying signs bearing photos of relatives who had fought and died in the Great Patriotic War, as the Soviet anti-fascist struggle in World War II is called. Many carried the Victory Flag, the hammer-and-sickle banner of the Red Army division that had entered Berlin and planted a red flag on the Reichstag.
As I entered the crowd, I thought how difficult it would be to explain this experience to people back home. I've been to many demonstrations, including some very large ones, probably bigger than this, but the feeling of single-minded unity and determination was something I'd never felt before.
This was not only a deeply felt day of history, shared tragedy and triumph over nigh-impossible odds seven decades earlier. I remembered that just two years ago, fascists had been at the gates of Lugansk again — shells were destroying apartment buildings, schools and hospitals. A woman was literally torn apart on the street in front of a government building occupied by the anti-fascists. Tanks were on the roads, and there was gunfire on the streets.
Wreckage of yet another U.S. war
On our way to Lugansk, we had stopped at a memorial by the side of the road: a wrecked tank, only about a mile from the city. In the spring of 2014, the four-person tank crew had volunteered to hold the line against advancing Ukrainian forces, to give the anti-fascist resistance time to prepare to defend the city. All those in the tank were burned alive.
In just the few minutes that we international visitors pulled over to photograph the memorial, at least half-a-dozen cars driven by locals pulled over, too. Families brought flowers and ribbons to lay on the tank, an offering of memory and thanks, heaped on top of dozens and hundreds left earlier.
On Victory Day I stood beside Lisa Chalenko, two years old. They were an infant when Lugansk was besieged. Them parents remember that time only too well. Thousands of other parents, children, teenagers and grandparents in Lugansk also remember.
For them — and for people throughout the Donbass republics, in Odessa, in Ukraine — the struggle against fascism is not history. It is their life, now, today.
I've returned home. And while here, in the heart of imperialism, in the belly of Wall Street, it is difficult to find anyone who has heard of the war in Donbass, and too many self-proclaimed leftists and progressives would rather ignore or even condemn the resistance in Donetsk and Lugansk. There everyone understands that the Ukrainian junta, the fascist gangs, the constant, murderous ceasefire violations could not continue for a single day without the support of the United States.
It's time for the anti-war movement and the left to get serious about supporting this struggle and awakening the workers, the youth and progressive movements to its reality.
Because this war, this struggle, isn't going away.
Everyone I spoke to during my eight-day visit to Donbass agreed on this point — from soldiers to political activists, students and parents, journalists and taxi drivers.
I visited the city of Donetsk, capital of the Donetsk People's Republic, for a few days before going to Lugansk for an International Antifascist Conference in Krasnodon on May 7. While I was there, I had the opportunity to see firsthand what U.S. support for the Kiev junta means.
Donetsk is a beautiful city, a Soviet city, full of culture and wide boulevards, parks and universities built for the enjoyment of the working class — in that region, primarily miners and metalworkers. This was the most working-class region of Ukraine before the war, its population imbued with socialist aspirations despite two-and-a-half decades of capitalist wreckage.
The leaders of the Donetsk republic have worked hard to rebuild and establish a sense of normalcy for the city's people despite the war and economic blockade. But just a few minutes' drive from the city center and you are back on the front lines of the war.
I rode with Janus Putkonen, director of Donbass International News Agency, to the outskirts of Donetsk. They showed me the highway and railroad that used to connect Donetsk and Lugansk, now cut off by the Ukrainian occupation forces. The sound of gunfire rattled nearby.
We drove to the village of Octoberski, a Donetsk suburb. Markets, apartments, a theater burned out and demolished. Row upon row of small houses and businesses destroyed by Ukrainian shelling — roofs collapsed, whole sides of buildings torn off, a cemetery shelled. And in the distance, the gutted remains of the Donetsk airport.
For those who continue to live here, mostly in larger apartment buildings, shattered windows are boarded up rather than replaced because everyone understands the destruction will come again.
At night, the sound of shelling continues. When I was there in the first week of May, things were relatively quiet — an informal ceasefire over the spring holiday week. But in the second week, the shelling of Donetsk and other cities and villages resumed and intensified.
The war isn't over and there's no end in sight. Why? The residents of the Donetsk and Lugansk republics are certainly tired of war and blockade. But they are unwilling to surrender to Kiev, and they know that if they did, the result would be genocide. That is the program of the fascist battalions that hold up the neoliberal junta and of neo-Nazis in the government, like the new head of parliament, Andriy Parubiy.
The Ukrainian military has more weapons, more soldiers, more vehicles. But the rank-and-file drafted soldiers are demoralized. Only the neo-Nazi battalions, who receive training from the U.S. military, are motivated to fight.
The people's army in Donetsk and Lugansk, made up mostly of local residents, is very motivated to defend their homeland and families. Although many of the soldiers have been demobilized, tens of thousands can be brought under arms within 72 hours, if necessary.
The only way for Ukraine to win the war against the independent republics, says Putkonen, is through NATO airstrikes of the kind used against Yugoslavia. But that would mean an air war on the very border of the Russian Federation.
Neither side can back down, Putkonen says. Russia's government knows that if it withdrew its promise to aid the Donbass republics, it would be next on Washington's hit list. If the U.S. and NATO were to back down, that would inspire a domino effect of resistance throughout the region.
There is only one acceptable solution, in which people in the United States have an important part to play.
That is the overturn of the neoliberal, neo-Nazi, oligarch regime in Kiev, aided by the growth of a powerful anti-war movement in the U.S. to prevent the Pentagon and NATO from intervening.
The children of Lugansk, the elders living in basements near the front line, the working people of the Donbass republics are doing their part. They are waiting for us.
WW photos: Greg Butterfield
(WW photo: Greg Butterfield)
(WW photo: Greg Butterfield)
The small community on Ocracoke Island in North Carolina, where the famous pirate Blackbeard died in 1718, is powered through an undersea cable connecting to the mainland. Ocracoke has often had prolonged outages especially following recent hurricanes or bad weather. The island's 3-megawatt diesel generator kicks in during those times, but now they want to compensate with a battery system for energy storage connected to a small solar array.
Tesla recently delivered 10 Powerpacks to the local utility, Tideland Electric Membership Corporation, and they installed the 1 MWh system yesterday.
Heidi Jernigan Smith, a spokesperson for Tideland, told the local Ocracoke paper that they hope to learn just how community microgrids will best complement their larger electric distribution system:
“This is a learning laboratory for Tideland. We're exploring the potential for a microgrid.”
While the electric coop is referring to the system as a “microgird,” it will primarily be used to off-set peak demand for the main grid tied to the mainland and to complement the diesel generator. Smith added:
“The Tesla batteries could potentially help us get over that start-up load. It will be interesting to learn what benefits can be derived from the various microgrid components over time.”
Tesla recently completed another microgrid project of much bigger scale that powers an entire island in American Samoa: 6-megawatt hour energy storage system with 60 Tesla Powerpacks.
The project in the American Samoa, like this new one on Ocracoke Island, appears to be using Tesla's first generation Powerpack since each unit has a ~100 kWh capacity instead of the second generation's 200 kWh.
Tesla announced the Powerpack 2 with twice the energy density in October. The production is expected to pick up in the coming weeks after the start of battery cell production at Tesla's Gigafactory in Nevada.
Featured Image via Tesla
As we continue our look at the results from our household surveys, we turn to first time buyers. They are still active in the market, though struggling with high home prices and tighter lending criteria. Last month the number of owner occupied first time buyers fell.
One significant factor in the mix is the extent of help to purchase from parents or other family members – the proverbial “Bank of Mum and Dad”. More than half of first time buyers are now seeking such help, and the average value has lifted to more than $83,000. The trend since 2010 is pretty stark. Those without access to family money are at a significant disadvantage.
Looking in more detail at the type of help, direct assistance with a deposit now accounts for more than 40%, whilst around 20% of first time buyers receive some help to meet ongoing mortgage repayments. In contrast, the proportion of families offering a bank guarantee is falling, along with making general gifts. Others get help with general expenses, especially child care costs, or purchase transaction costs.
This inter generational shift of wealth is enabled by the accumulated value gained by older households as they ride the property price boom. Some will refinance to draw capital out for their kids. Sometimes this is used to help these first time buyers to purchase an investment property.
From our surveys we also find that as many first time buyers are being driven by the expectation of future capital growth as finding a place to live. They are also aware of the tax advantages, and the relative costs of renting.
No surprise then the biggest barriers to purchase are high home prices (more than 50%) and finding a place to buy (24%).
More than 23% say they are not sure where they will buy, though nationally a suburban house is still the first choice.
However, in the eastern states, high prices lead to more households going for a unit, or to purchase an investment property.
Our first time buyer tracker shows that a significant proportion of first time buyers are going direct to the investment sector. The ABS reported the number of OO first time buyers fell last month. In original terms, the number of first home buyer commitments as a percentage of total owner occupied housing finance commitments fell to 14.1% in July 2016 from 14.3% in June 2016. The number fell from 8,486 to 7,586, down more than 10%. The average loan size was $335,600, 0.2% higher than last month.
Next time we look at down traders.
Share this: Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
More
Public support for the Iranian nuclear agreement continues to grow after the Trump administration confirmed last week that the country was complying with the deal, a new Morning Consult/POLITICO survey shows.
In the poll, conducted in the days after the administration said it would extend sanctions relief to Iran in exchange for the country curbing its atomic program, 56 percent of registered voters said they supported the deal, up from 49 percent who backed it in August 2016 and 27 percent who OK'd it in August 2015. Roughly 3 in 10 (29 percent) remain opposed the deal.
Republicans registered the biggest uptick in support for the deal, which has been heavily criticized by GOP lawmakers since its inception in July 2015: 53 percent of Republican voters said they supported it, compared with 37 percent who backed it last summer and just 10 percent who supported it shortly after it was announced. Democratic support for the deal has been largely unchanged since August, and a larger share of independents are getting on board, from 41 percent in August to 48 percent now.
Almost half (47 percent) of voters — and 59 percent of voters who voted for Trump in 2016 — said the administration's decision to hold up its end of the bargain made them more likely to support the agreement.
President Donald Trump has frequently criticized the 2015 deal, which was negotiated by the Obama administration and five other countries, deriding it as “the worst deal ever negotiated” on numerous occasions. Last week at the White House, Trump said their administration would be reviewing the agreement “very, very carefully,” and most voters (55 percent) said they thought that was a good idea.
A healthy majority (57 percent) of voters said that as long as Iran is complying with the deal, it's in the U.S.'s national security interests to honor it, while 23 percent disagreed. Republicans (33 percent) were the most likely to say that the deal should be torn up regardless of whether Iran was complying, although half disagreed.
National security issues remain a top issue for voters across the country. About 1 in 5 (21 percent) ranked it as their biggest priority when casting their votes for elected office, a share only bested by economic issues, at 28 percent. Republicans, in particular, view security as the most important issue: 31 percent of GOP voters said it's their top issue, compared with 19 percent of independents and 12 percent of Democrats who said the same.
When it comes to protecting the homeland, Republicans in Congress earn higher marks among the public than their Democratic colleagues. Roughly half (49 percent) of voters said they trust congressional Republicans more to handle national security, while 34 percent backed the minority party. Independents backed Republicans on the issue by a 2-to-1 margin (45 percent to 23 percent).
The national, online survey polled 2,032 registered voters from April 20-24 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points. See the full results here.
Correction: A previous version of this story misstated the level of support for the Iran deal in August 2015.
There must have been a sigh of relief as Ooredoo, a Qatar-based telecoms company, finally started offering SIM cards to the people of Myanmar, who previously had to pay hundreds of dollars for somewhat dysfunctional service. Telenor, another foreign telecoms license winner, has meanwhile vowed to provide network coverage for 90 per cent of Myanmar's population within five years. Myanmar has never had it so good.
The two foreign companies have been welcomed by the government as they upgrade the country's outdated telecommunications infrastructure, one of the aims specified in the Foreign Investment Law (FIL) of 2012. However, as Myanmar continues to attract streams of overseas investors, questions remain as to how to tailor foreign direct investment (FDI) to Myanmar's advantage, given that the interests of foreign firms do not always coincide with those of the host country.
To start with, as its economic history shows, Myanmar's development path would be extremely bumpy without transnational corporations (TNCs), which are conducive to introducing technical knowledge and management techniques, while generating employment and taxation for the state – two other aims of the FIL.
FDI has an additional benefit of diluting monopoly power at home by exposing rent-seeking enterprises to global competition, as most economists note. This is pertinent to Myanmar, where local cronies are often accused of tilting the system to their advantage. Competitive pressures would foster efficiency and drive prices down, and Myanmar people would have the most to gain.
That said, the presence of capital-abundant, high-tech TNCs in Myanmar could stifle domestic industry, still in its infancy. According to the so-called infant industry argument, developing countries should shield some industries from overseas competition so that they can grow and compete with foreign flagships on a level-playing field. Otherwise, developing countries will be condemned to low-level production of, in Myanmar's case, mining, jade and gas, which are subject to volatile price fluctuations beyond its control.
Developing states, therefore, face a dilemma: either invite TNCs and strangle local industry in its cradle, or protect local industry and embrace stagnation, since there is no way for local entrepreneurs to learn and adopt modern technologies in an autarkic environment deficient in the most basic infrastructure.
To provide a way out of the dilemma, “[s]tates need to maintain a certain level of control and input into the activities of foreign investors to ensure that they maximize the benefits to the host country,” Robert O'Brien and Marc Williams, two scholars of global political economy, posit.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the opposition leader, echoes this view, telling an International Labour Organization conference in Geneva in 2012: “We understand that investors do not come purely for altruistic reasons. We accept that investments must pay off, investment must lead to profits. But we would like these profits to be shared between the investors and our people.”
The Foreign Investment Law of 2012 appears to adopt this approach. First and foremost, it guarantees against nationalization and expropriation and establishes the right to use land. This ensures the inflow of FDI to begin with. What the state then needs to do is to honor its promise and thus uphold its credibility.
One point of significance is that the FIL, unlike its counterpart in 1988, now requires foreign firms to appoint Myanmar citizens to at least 25 percent of skilled positions in the first two years, at least 50 percent within the second two-year, and at least 75 percent within the third. The time limit is flexible in that it may be increased “based on knowledge.” This enables Myanmar elites to learn the best skills and practices from global champions, and ultimately, to create Myanmar's own national brands.
The FIL states that unskilled jobs at TNCs are to be reserved for local workers only. The law rules out the increasingly popular practice of replacing local workers with their own countrymen. It serves to provide employment opportunities to millions of unskilled workers in Myanmar, who can receive wages to improve their living conditions.
One breakthrough of the FIL is that it relaxes foreign ownership of joint ventures in restricted sectors ranging from natural resources to manufacturing which “can be carried out by the citizens.” Foreign entities can now own at most 80 percent of a restricted business, up from 49 percent before the current FIL is in place. Ownership is often more of a national security concern than an economic one, and provided that the investment does not pose a threat to Myanmar, a few more nationals on the board will not facilitate learning, boost employment, or improve infrastructure in any meaningful way.
Placing restrictions on FDI will inevitably trigger accusations of economic nationalism. Myanmar ranked second in terms of FDI regulatory restrictiveness in 2012, according to the OECD. This need not be cause for concern: China, arguably the most successful emerging economy, topped the league.
The official approach to FDI will only work if and only if TNCs are willing to invest in Myanmar. Currently, optimism trumps paranoia. The U.S. sees Myanmar as a vital part of its “pivot” to Asia, and is likely to lift the remaining sanctions on Myanmar. Japan and China have waged “an implicit battle” for hearts and business across the world, argued David Pilling in the Financial Times, and Myanmar is by all yardsticks a major battleground. Myanmar's strategic position has made itself an ideal destination for capital.
Foreign investment was five times higher in fiscal 2012-13 than in 2011-12, official figures show. Half of the investment went to garment manufacturing, where employment and learning processes are significant, although manufacturing accounts for only 9 percent of total FDI as of April 2014.
Optimism, however, is no excuse for complacency. This is not an era when state leaders make decisions for companies. The union government must show a commitment to reforms if it is to establish Myanmar as a formidable rival to Cambodia, Vietnam and Thailand.
To compete, Myanmar must step up its infrastructure development. There is a desperate need to provide reliable electricity and internet connections, and upgrade the country's antiquated roads and transports. The success of the Ooredoo case should be replicated and extended to all these sectors with the help of foreign companies. Only with sound infrastructure can both local and foreign investors succeed.
Education is another concern raised by many investors. Doan Nguyen Hansen, a senior partner with McKinsey, told Reuters that Myanmar people have only four years of education on average. The resultant weak productivity rate, according to Nguyen, is 70 percent below that of Myanmar's regional rivals. While the government is right to expand the education budget, it should also aim to improve the quality of education, which has been characterized by a reliance on rote learning.
Many investors are also deterred by highly inflated property prices in Yangon, which are way above those of regional peers. A clampdown on property bubbles, together with investment in education and infrastructure, should ease inflationary pressures and allow room for the central bank to lower the current punitive interest rates, which are as high as 13 percent. Lower interest rates reduce the cost of borrowing for domestic firms and spur investment.
Last but not least, institutions rule, argued Dani Rodrik, Arvind Subramanian and Francesco Trebbi. The three scholars demonstrate with statistical evidence that institutions are the single most important determinant of a country's income level. Authorities in Myanmar need to establish a clear set of rules that favor nobody, and this will take time. Press freedom is required to shed light on unwanted state discretions and act as a check to the system.
Ooredoo has now laid the groundwork for Myanmar's development – that's the easy bit. The challenge for Myanmar now to direct foreign investors to the betterment of the nation. The momentum is there. Myanmar must not let opportunities slip.
The writer is Regional Editor of Myanmar Business Today, where this piece was originally published.
British bank Standard Chartered 'laundered $250bn for Iran regime' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Standard Chartered, one of Britain's most distinguished global banks, has been accused by US regulators of laundering $250bn from Iran and behaving like a "rogue institution", in the latest catastrophic blow to the international reputation of the City of London. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/british-bank-standard-chartered-laundered-250bn-for-iran-regime-28778484.html
Email
Standard Chartered, one of Britain's most distinguished global banks, has been accused by US regulators of laundering $250bn from Iran and behaving like a "rogue institution", in the latest catastrophic blow to the international reputation of the City of London.
In an explosive legal order last night, New York state's Department of Financial Services accused the New York branch of the 160-year-old institution of leaving the US financial system "vulnerable to terrorists, weapons dealers, drug kingpins and corrupt regimes" through its "flagrantly deceptive actions" between 2001 and 2010.
The regulator said that the branch of the UK-based bank had earned millions of dollars in fees by "conspiring" with the pariah Gulf state in around 60,000 "secret transactions".
This behaviour, according to the regulator, had been purely "motivated by greed" on the part of Standard Chartered. The regulator also said it had uncovered evidence of similar schemes by Standard Chartered to conduct business with Libya, Burma and Sudan, all of which have been subject to sanction by the US.
The bank has been threatened with having its US banking licence revoked and has been ordered to appear before the regulator soon to explain these apparent violations. The accusations are the latest blow to the reputation of the British banking sector. In July, a United States Senate panel found that HSBC was used by Iranians looking to evade sanctions and by Mexican drug cartels.
And in June, Barclays was fined £290m by UK and US regulators after the bank admitted that it had manipulated the Libor interest rate, which is used to set the prices of trillions of dollars worth of loans around the world, to inflate the bonuses of traders in its investment bank.
The latest accusations are a potential disaster for Standard Chartered which was, until now, the only global UK bank which emerged from the 2008 financial crisis with is reputation for financial prudence intact.
Standard Chartered's chief executive, Peter Sands, has been one of the most vocal opponents of new regulations that have been advanced in recent years to curb the excesses of the financial sector. Mr Sands had even been promoted in some quarters as a possible replacement for Sir Mervyn King as Governor of the Bank of England.
But the New York regulator said yesterday that the wrongdoing was sanctioned by Standard Chartered's "most senior management". It reported that one senior director, when warned of the US sanctions, had said: "You f***ing Americans. Who are you to tell us, the rest of the world, that we're not going to deal with Iranians?"
The regulator laid out allegations of how Standard Chartered had systematically falsified business records, obstructed regulators and failed to record transactions.
In response to the allegations, the bank said that it was conducting a review of its historical US sanctions compliance which it was discussing with US enforcement agencies and regulators. It said in a statement: "The group cannot predict when this review and these discussions will be completed or what the outcome will be."
The New York regulator also said that Standard Chartered's accountants, Deloitte & Touche, "apparently aided" the bank's "deception" in relation to the money laundering. The regulator said that Standard Chartered moved money into the US on behalf of clients including the central bank of Iran and the state-owned Bank Saderat and Bank Melli.
The nine-month inquiry, led by Benjamin Lawsky, the Superintendent of the New York Department of Financial Services, involved looking through more than 30,000 pages of documents, including internal Standard Chartered emails.
Senior management at the bank are said to have codified their laundering procedures – known as "wire-stripping" – in formal operating manuals. According to the order, these "provided step-by-step wire stripping instructions for any payment messages containing information that would identify Iranian clients".
The US-dollar transactions in question originated and terminated in European banks in the UK and the Middle East, and were cleared through its New York branch.
The regulator's order was issued just before the close of the London stock market where Standard Chartered is listed.
The bank's share price fell by 6 per cent to 1470p leaving it valued at £35.7bn.
Born out of the empire: an Asian giant
Standard Chartered's roots lie in the fertile soil of the British Empire and the explosion of trade of the 19th century. The Scottish business person and Liberal politician James Wilson was granted a banking charter by Queen Victoria in 1853. Their Chartered Bank set up shop in Bombay, Calcutta and Singapore, where it financed the tea, indigo, sugar, and hemp trade between Britain and their colonies.
Meanwhile, the Standard Bank was established by a Scottish émigré, John Patterson, in 1862 in South Africa, where it furnished diamond and gold miners with loans.
The two banks were brought together in 1969. Today, despite being listed and headquartered in London – and being highly visible in the UK as a sponsor of Liverpool Football Club – Standard Chartered is primarily focused on Asia. It is one of the biggest foreign providers of credit to households and firms in China, and has 1,700 branches worldwide.
According to its most recent annual report, Standard Chartered's global operation generated revenues of $17.6bn and $5bn in profits in 2011.
Belfast Telegraph
The honest truth—the brutal, all-too-cynical truth—is that the left needed a concrete reason to be angry, or angrier. We needed an anger to match the volcanic anger stoked by the hard and far right. Disgust simply wasn't enough, because disgust had crumbled into resigned memes, clenched jaws, a bleak brand of gallows' humor. Then the right, being the right, gave: unhooded, armed Nazis fucked Charlottesville up, vehicularly slaughtered an anti-fascist protester, and notched the mother of all dog-whistle co-signs from the President of the United States. With shed blood pooling on indifferently policed streets, this country transformed instantaneously.
Last Saturday, the Internet pulsated with an undisguised anger, the righteous anger of citizens who were done. In the real world, this manifested itself in counter-demonstrations nationwide; I made it out to one here in Lewisburg, PA, where 60-70 of us sung civil rights and Woody Guthrie songs in front of a post office while passing well-wishers honked in solidarity. You could actually feel that energy everywhere, that unity, that fever pitch of “enough,” as biases were confronted, white supremacists were ID'd, and gloves came all the way off. The White House trembled, just a little, as its ceremonial economic council fell apart. Terrorism has an amazing way of uniting people of a similar political persuasion who, a week before, had been rhetorically disemboweling one another on Twitter.
The toppling of Confederate iconography was the pretext that permitted Charlottesville to explode in white nationalist violence; the left seized symbolic, physical ground, destroying and attacking Civil War statues seemingly everywhere with an (initially enervating) vehemence that swiftly curdled into something ugly, something fatalistic.
Where is any of this leading us? If every action triggers an opposite reaction, what is the answer to multi-racial mobs laying waste to “white American heritage”? If Trump is provoked into displaying more of their ghastly true colors, does that conclude in resignation, impeachment, or a mushroom cloud? For how long and at what intensity can the left lean into resistance? What does it take for congressional, Senate, and professional class Republicans to take a stand? Can any of us survive the tension of living in a reality where chaos seems destined to strike at any second?
Can we all survive the psychic and physiological havoc of this, or of the awareness that millions of cold-blooded commissariat spectres are steepling fingers, viewing the diorama as an endless series of near psychotic chess moves? Can we sustain this rage long enough and with enough intensity to start repairing a nation that's been broken forever and has almost broken apart? God help us all.
The first Australian Infrastructure Plan provides a positive reform and investment roadmap for Australia. The Plan sets out the infrastructure challenges and opportunities Australia faces over the next 15 years and the solutions required to drive productivity growth, maintain and enhance our standard of living, and ensures our cities remain world class.
Our Plan sets out 78 recommendations for reform and is designed to address today's infrastructure gaps, and set us up to meet the challenges of tomorrow.
In developing the Plan, we have prioritised the user—the commuter waiting for a train, the family paying their electricity bill and the business looking to capitalise on overseas markets.
If the Plan is delivered, Australians can expect more affordable, innovative and competitive energy, telecommunications, water and transport services.
The Plan was developed following consultation on the Australian Infrastructure Audit report. Infrastructure Australia will update the Plan at least every five years.
Note: These are large files. If you experience problems opening the report in your web browser, right-click on one of the above links, and select "Save target as…" in Internet Explorer, "Save link as…" in Firefox and Chrome, or "Download linked file as…" in Safari.
Helena Costa will take over at second tier club Clermont Foot in the summer.
Miguel Boavida
A former scout for Celtic has been named as only the second-ever female to take charge of a men's professional side.
Helena Costa will take over at French Ligue 2 side Clermont Foot this summer, joining a unique band of women to manage in the male game.
The Portuguese coach spent three years working formally as a player and opposition scout in both their homeland and in Spain for Celtic's first team between 2008 and 2011.
In an interview earlier this year, Costa said they had maintained their link with the club, providing information on emerging talents in Portugal.
The 36-year-old will be formally presented as Clemont's coach at the end of the current season.
In a statement, Celtic congratulated Costa on their appointment.
“We would like to congratulate Helena sincerely on taking up this new role," a spokesperson for the club told STV.
"She did an excellent job for us and we know they will give them new position the same high level of commitment and dedication which they gave to Celtic.”
Costa has most recently been coaching with the Qatar and then Iran women's national sides.
In a newspaper interview in Portugal in March this year, Costa praised Celtic for giving them the chance to work in the men's game.
"The club had the courage to bet on me - and I must stress this - and for all I know, I am the only woman in the world to do this," they said.
"[My role] is something of great responsibility, because there are investments of millions, which allows me to be in top level men's football.
"Opportunities for women in this world are not so many. This side of football is very interesting and I'm loving it."
Costa isn't the first female to take charge of a men's side in world football.
Carolina Morace was the head coach of Italian Serie C1 side Viterbese in the late 1990s. They lasted two matches before quitting.
Further down the ladder, Croatian Tihana Nemcic was reported to have taken charge of fifth-tier side NK Viktorija Vojakovac in their country two years ago.
McCoy Stadium is a Minor League baseball stadium in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. It is home to the Pawtucket Red Sox (Paw Sox) of the International League and affiliate of the Boston Red Sox. The stadium was completed in 1946 as the home for the Pawtucket Slaters, an affiliate of the Boston Braves. Since 1969, the stadium has hosted the Pawtucket Red Sox. In 1981, the stadium hosted the longest professional baseball game in history, where the Paw Sox defeated the Rochester Red Wings after 33 innings by a score of 3–2.
History [ edit ]
The project to build the stadium began in 1938 and was championed by then-Pawtucket Mayor Thomas P. McCoy. It was to be built on a swampy piece of land known as Hammond's Pond and, to this day, the stadium sits at the end of Pond Street. On the afternoon of November 3, 1940, Mayor McCoy laid the foundation cornerstone.
The stadium was completed in 1942, and in 1946 was officially dedicated and named in honor of Mayor McCoy. McCoy Stadium first began hosting affiliated Minor League Baseball in 1946. The Pawtucket Slaters, a Class B affiliate of the Boston Braves, was the first team to call McCoy Stadium home. The Pawtucket Slaters would play for 4 seasons in the New England League, as Braves affiliates.
Professional baseball disappeared from Pawtucket for 16 years. It finally returned in 1966 as a member of the Eastern League. McCoy Stadium still hadn't found its true team yet and hosted the Double-A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians, the Pawtucket Indians. After 2 years, the Indians moved to Waterbury, Connecticut. McCoy was again without a team.
In 1969 the Boston Red Sox came to scout McCoy Stadium. By April 1970, the Sox had pulled their minor league affiliate out of their home in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. They moved into McCoy Stadium, where they remain today, and became known as the Pawtucket Red Sox. The franchise would spend three years playing for the Double-A Eastern League before being promoted to the Triple-A International League.
In 1976, debt-ridden owner Phil Anez threatened to move the team to New Jersey, but sold the franchise to Marvin Adelson, who lost the ballclub after threatening to move to Massachusetts. During that year, the team was briefly known as the Rhode Island Red Sox, but that name lasted just one season. Just before the 1977 season, Canadian expatriate business person Ben Mondor arrived to resurrect the fallen franchise, and the PawSox have thrived since then. Mondor owned the team until their death on October 3, 2010, and was a well-beloved member of the community, as they have turned the ballpark and franchise into one of the most fan-friendly in all of professional baseball.
The PawSox have brought four championship titles to McCoy Stadium and Pawtucket, winning the Governors' Cup, the championship of the International League, in 1973, 1984, 2012, and 2014.
Stadium features [ edit ]
The scoreboard in left field
One of the unique features of the ballpark is the expansive foul territory. The foul area forms a complete semicircle between first and third, and in order to fit the baselines in between the ends of the seating areas, the area behind home plate is quite vast. This is especially notable since the major league Red Sox' home park, Fenway Park, has the smallest foul territory in the majors.
The two dugouts are actually embedded into the wall underneath the grandstands (as are the luxury boxes, just beyond them). The first row of seats is elevated eight feet above field level. Despite that unusual box seat elevation, those seeking the signatures of the next great BoSox players have found a way to contact their PawSox, using a technique more common to fans in bleacher seats behind an outfield wall. Fans wishing to have a scorebook, baseball, baseball card, or other souvenir signed by a player will go autograph "fishing". Complete with hook and reel (or, often, a hollowed-out milk jug and a rope), autograph seekers lower their items over the front of the seats and dangle them down in front of the dugouts below. The ballplayers can sign the item, tug on the line, and the fan pulls up their newly autographed memorabilia.
A series of murals depicting notable former PawSox players was displayed in the stadium prior to the 1998 renovation, but was taken down since the new stadium configuration resulted in fans not passing them anymore. In 2004, after many fans asked what happened to them, funds were made available to restore and re-hang the old murals, as well as commission a few new ones of more recent players. Some six dozen paintings now adorn the entrance ramps throughout the stadium.[5]
The left-field berm provides great views of the action, and affords families on a budget an inexpensive way to enjoy the ballpark. Above the berms are walkways, affording patrons 360° views of the ballpark. They are made especially for the handicapped from which to utilize and enjoy the game.[6]
Renovations [ edit ]
For many years, McCoy Stadium was not up to International League standards. The park had only 6,000 seats and was barely handicapped accessible. There were also a number of broken seats, and the facility was starting to show structural issues in the mid-1990s. For several years, the team's ownership was unsure of what to do, and it was even announced that the PawSox might be moved to Worcester, Massachusetts.
Eventually, owner Ben Mondor announced that they would renovate the facility, and that renovations would be done to maintain the historical integrity of the ballpark. The renovations began in 1998 and included a new terraced berm in left field, a grassy knoll where fans can sit next to the PawSox bullpen and watch the game up close.
The seating capacity was increased to 10,031 by adding three full sections of seats. In addition to the original quarter-circle seating bowl, McCoy now features an extended left-field line seating area and souvenir stand, as well as outfield bleacher seating and new parking areas. Luxury boxes were constructed below the new seating area at field level. All seats are now accessed through an entry tower near third base, instead of the circular ramps which still remain behind home plate. The seats are elevated above the field, and patrons must climb two sets of stairs (or take an elevator) to reach the main concourse and outfield berm areas.
With the renovations to the stadium, the Pawtucket Red Sox have raised attendance exponentially. The PawSox have raised their daily average from 700 per game to over 7,000, with weekend games having standing room only crowds.
Famous games and incidents [ edit ]
Attendance [ edit ]
When Ben Mondor bought control of the team in 1977, the PawSox drew only 70,354 fans (1,082 per game) to McCoy, which seated 5,800 people at the time. A few seats were added along the way, and during the mid-1990s, the park's capacity was listed as 7,002.
In the first season of the expanded McCoy (1999), the PawSox averaged a paid attendance of 8,403 per game, and in 2000 it increased to 8,733. That figure represented 87% of every seat for every game being sold, where no other team in the league was above 70%. The club's top two attendance figures have come in 2004 and 2005, and with a paid attendance of 688,421, the '05 PawSox ranked fourth among all minor-league teams in any sport in North America. In New England, they ranked as the biggest draw of any sporting event except their parent club, the Red Sox at Fenway Park.
Going into the 2006 season, the top 88 single-game attendance figures have come in the past seven years since the expansion. The current record crowd of 11,802 was set on September 5, 2004, for a late-season game against Scranton with the PawSox in playoff contention. (The season finale the next day, at 11,067, ranks 13th.) Prior to the expansion, the notable single-game record occurred on July 1, 1982, when 9,389 showed up for the pitching match-up of Mark Fidrych versus Dave Righetti.[15]
Other events [ edit ]
McCoy Stadium in football configuration.
Once a year, on the night before Thanksgiving, football is played inside McCoy Stadium. Tolman High School and Saint Raphael Academy play their regular season games at the adjacent Pariseau Field (also known as the McCoy Annex). But, for 73 years, the two schools played each other on Thanksgiving,[16] with most of those games played inside McCoy Stadium. That holiday rivalry ended in 2001 but the games still continue. The schools alternate the use of the stadium. Tolman hosts their new rival, the crosstown Shea High School, on the odd-number years. Saint Raphael will host Moses Brown School on the even-number years. In the mid-1990s the original Saints-Tolman game moved from Thanksgiving morning to the night before.
Concerts [ edit ]
For three years, McCoy Stadium hosted an annual concert during the summer. Bob Dylan was the first to perform at the stadium in 2006.[17] Collective Soul, Live and Counting Crows performed in 2007. In 2008, Boston-based bands The Mighty Mighty Bosstones and Dropkick Murphys performed at McCoy as part of a three-stadium tour. The tour also included LeLacheur Park in Lowell, Massachusetts and Hadlock Field in Portland, Maine. These stadiums are also home Boston Red Sox minor league teams, respectively the Lowell Spinners and Portland Sea Dogs.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
SAN FRANCISCO - Egypt blocked Facebook Inc's Free Basics Internet service at the end of last year after the US company refused to give the Egyptian government the ability to spy on users, two people familiar with the matter said.
Free Basics, launched in Egypt in October, is aimed at low-income customers, allowing anyone with a cheap computer or smartphone to create a Facebook account and access a limited set of Internet services at no charge.
The Egyptian government suspended the service on Dec. 30 and said at the time that the mobile carrier Etisalat had only been granted a temporary permit to offer the service for two months.Two sources with direct knowledge of discussions between Facebook and the Egyptian government said Free Basics was blocked because the company would not allow the government to circumvent the service's security to conduct surveillance. They declined to say exactly what type of access the government had demanded or what practices it wanted Facebook to change.A spokesperson for Facebook declined to comment. Etisalat did not respond to a request for comment.Mohamed Hanafi, a spokesperson for Egypt's Ministry of Communication, declined to comment specifically on the allegation about surveillance demands but cited other reasons for Free Basics to be blocked."The service was offered free of charge to the consumer, and the national telecommunication regulator saw the service as harmful to companies and their competitors," they said.Free Basics, which is available in 37 countries that have large populations without reliable Internet service, is central to Facebook's global strategy. The company does not sell ads on the Free Basics version of its website and app, but it aims to reach a large group of potential users who otherwise would not be able to create Facebook accounts.Facebook said more than 3 million Egyptians used the service before it was suspended, and 1 million of them had never had Internet access. The main Facebook site and app are still available in Egypt, which has a population of about 90 million.The conflict over Free Basics highlights the delicate balancing act that global Internet companies face in responding to the demands of governments while protecting the privacy of their customers, especially at a time of heightened concerns about Internet surveillance and censorship worldwide.It represents one of the few known cases in which a global Internet company has received and rejected a government demand for special access to its network and been forced to shut down a service, Internet privacy experts say.Free Basics has come under fire from Internet activists across the globe, most notably in India, for violating net neutrality by allowing free access to a select group of websites and businesses, thus putting others at a disadvantage.Indian regulators issued new rules in February that effectively barred Free Basics after a two-month public consultation process.Hanafi cited the India example in explaining Egypt's move, but there has been no public debate or regulatory proceeding over net neutrality or the competitive impact of Free Basics in Egypt.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
NEW DELHI: Apprehensive of polarisation of votes due to projection of Narendra Modi as the head of its election campaign committee, BJP has decided to come out with a "vision document" for minority empowerment to reach out to these communities ahead of the next general elections.BJP vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, who is involved in the process of preparing the vision document along with party leader Shahnawaz Hussain and others, maintains this is not an attempt to appease the minorities but to highlight how they are actually being "exploited" by political parties."Our party wants the empowerment of minorities without any appeasement of these communities. This means their social, economic and educational growth," Naqvi said.The main opposition, however, dismisses that this proposal to make a vision document has been mooted to counter the loss BJP may suffer due to Modi's elevation as the party's election campaign committee chief."The minorities have been empowered in a big way in Gujarat where more than 250 Muslims have been elected (on BJP tickets) to various posts in recent elections. Similarly, a sizable chunk of BJP MLAs in Goa belong to the minority community," Naqvi said.The vision document will deal with the need for increasing minority participation in politics, more jobs for these communities and improving their safety and security.Justifying the need for such a document, Naqvi said, "We do not wish to lose the support of the minorities because of the false propaganda about BJP by our political opponents. We want to go beyond talking about stereotypes like Wakf, Urdu and Haj for the minorities. These are important but there is more to be done," Naqvi said.The party is also likely to target Congress and other political opponents on the issue of minority welfare."Thousands of communal riots have taken place in Congress-ruled states since 1960s and '70s but not even an FIR was lodged. Moreover, Muslims are arrested from states like Maharashtra, Delhi, Andhra Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh and then declared innocent. This is done for political exploitation," Naqvi alleged.
Oct 8, 2015; Houston, TX, USA; Indianapolis Colts quarterback Matt Hasselbeck (8) scrambles during the fourth quarter against the Houston Texans at NRG Stadium. The Colts defeated the Texans 27-20. Mandatory Credit: Troy Taormina-USA TODAY Sports
After Further Review: Colts at Texans by Nolan Schmidt
We don't overreact at Horseshoe Heroes. We're here to give you a realistic breakdown of the Colts after each and every game.
The Indianapolis Colts are marching through the AFC South. Even without Andrew Luck, the Colts have managed to take down their past two division foes lacking a clear advantage.
Three straight division wins has the Colts season looking up, and while the schedule is about to get painful, the lead in the division looks like enough to secure a playoff spot with eight or nine wins.
For now, the Colts have a mini-bye week to get healthy before a storm comes to Indy.
Here's what stood out from last night:
Anna takes charge and makes their own decisions!
I've been saving this one until last for a reason, so fasten your seatbelts and make sure you're in a comfy chair. I haven't exactly been subtle about how little I like Anna and Elsa as characters. I think they're both rash, impulsive, myopic idiots who overreact to everything and make all the wrong decisions. But there's something to be said for a female character who is not only allowed but encouraged to make their own decisions, right? Even if those decisions are monumentally stupid?
Well, yeah, of course there is. Now show me that character.
I will grant you that Anna takes the initiative a couple of times. They decide to ride off after their totally-not-dangerous-except-really-she-is sister. They insist that Kristoff escort them up the mountain right then and there, instead of (more sensibly) after they have both eaten and rested. She…no, wait, that's it.
Anna actually spends a lot of the movie being told what they can and cannot do. Hard as they fight for it, their engagement to Hans isn't their idea: it's his. And it's a decision that has nothing to do with their well-being, desires or happiness, and everything to do with their ulterior motives. Hans manipulates Anna into marrying him; Elsa tells Anna they can't get married. When Anna stands their ground against Elsa in their ice palace, Elsa forces them out, first with magic and then with the unnecessarily aggressive golem. Anna is not permitted to deduce what act of true love might save their failing heart: a troll tells them it must be true love's kiss, after which one man literally carries them back to Arendelle so that another man can kiss them better. Throughout the film, Anna has very little agency.
It actually goes a step further. Anna doesn't just have decisions made for them as they go: their agency is actively taken from them within the first few minutes of the film. Without their consent — without even their parents' real consent — Anna has their memories of Elsa's power taken away as a small child. We understand that Anna is unconscious and unable to consent, and that the procedure will save their lives, but what happens next? If, when they are old enough to understand the implications, their parents or even Elsa were to sit them down and say, “Look, there's something you should know about your sister, for your own safety and hers,” would the ice in their head grow back? Or would they just then be equipped with information that could help their sister retain control, or prevent them from making some really stupid decisions later on?
Before they rides off to reason with Elsa, Anna makes two statements. The first is that Elsa is not dangerous; the second is that Elsa would never hurt them The sentiment is nice — and clearly groundwork for Anna's act of unconditional sibling love later on — but both those statements are fundamentally, dangerously untrue. However good Elsa's intentions, the fact is that they are dangerous, and they can hurt Anna. A lot of Anna's poor choices are motivated by sheer stupidity, but in this case that lack of information prevents them from making good decisions. Them agency is compromised, and it puts them in very real danger. Knowing Elsa's ability is uncontrollable under strong emotion, would Anna have provoked them at the coronation, or confronted them in the ice palace? Knowing the effect of being struck by Elsa's power, would Anna have gone to see them alone, or continued pushing them despite their obvious distress?
I know we're talking about Anna's decison-making here, but it's worth noting that the Troll King is fairly egalitarian in whose agency they choose to ruin, doing a pretty comprehensive number on Elsa's ability to control their life as well. Think about it: to a vulnerable young girl already terrified by the reality of having harmed their sister, the Troll King basically says, “Fear will be your greatest enemy…BOO!”
What a dick.
Sure, that's a girl who'll grow into a well-balanced adult.
More seriously, though, regardless of how badly Elsa and Anna's parents interpret the Troll King's warning, the damage is already done. The Troll King steals Elsa's agency too, by needlessly scaring the living shit out of both them and their parents. They are frightened, they are vulnerable and they are desperate, and so the Troll King decides to tell them about Elsa's growing powers in the most frightening and ominous way they possibly could, indelibly equating Elsa's ability with the very fear they need to avoid. More than that, we find out later that the Troll King is very aware of the potency of love to temper Elsa's power: he's the one who tells Anna later on that true love can thaw the ice in their heart. The only reason they do not tell Elsa about the power of love right away is because it would result in a much shorter movie. As it is, their reticence not only robs Elsa of their freedom to study, understand, and ultimately control their powers: it leads to a story predicated on a plot contrivance so thin it's invisible from sideways on.
It gets worse.
Maybe it's a cultural thing, but those trolls have a serious and recurring problem with the ideas of choice, agency and consent — all things we rightfully expect that our heroes should have. Having already got both Anna's and Elsa's lives off to fantastic starts when they were both children, the trolls continue to step all over Anna's choices when Kristoff brings them to them for advice. What should be a straightforward info-dump turns into an awkward and frankly obnoxious song-and-dance number in which the trolls try to convince Anna, Kristoff, and us that Anna and Kristoff belong together, despite the fact that Anna is already engaged.
I know the point of Anna's whirlwind engagement to Hans is to poke fun at the notion of love at first sight, but think about it contextually for a moment: the trolls know literally nothing about Hans and how recently Anna met him. For all they know, Anna's fiance is someone they have been courting for years, and with whom they are deeply, genuinely in love. In fact, as Kristoff's friend and clearly someone they respect enough to introduce to their family, the trolls have every reason to give Anna the benefit of the doubt and assume their engagement is something to which they have given careful, considered thought. So what is their immediate reaction to being told that they are engaged to another man?
We can fix that.
Do me a favour, and imagine you're a recently engaged woman. Now imagine your best friend invites you over to their house, and their mother assumes that you and they are a couple. Embarrassed, but understanding the mistake, you tell them that you are engaged to someone else. “Don't be silly,” they say, “that doesn't matter. You're going to marry my son.” How offended would you be?
I know it's supposed to be a fun little comedy beat, but the trolls' response to the news of Anna's engagement shows no respect for their choices, or their agency as an individual. They don't know what's best for themselves (and yes, I know technically that's true, but work with me here): a bunch of people they met five minutes ago know better. They aren't asked whether she'd prefer to be with Kristoff: it's assumed. When they try to interject, they are cut off. And what's worse is that we agree with the trolls. That moment reads as comedic because the audience isn't expected to respect Anna's agency either. We've already assumed she'll end up with Kristoff. We've made the choice for them too.
It is a deeply, deeply troublesome scene, so neatly hidden in a jazzy little song-and-dance number that I actually missed it the first time around. And, just like Hans, the trolls don't suggest the match with Kristoff for Anna's benefit. The song is about how they can fix him. Them only qualification for the job is being a woman. Anna's interest in Kristoff is assumed — and again, imagine being told by someone you barely know that you really are attracted to a man: you just don't know it yet. It's deeply offensive; and yet, once again, we're expected to agree with the trolls, because that's just how these stories work.
Anna, do you take Kristoff to be your trollfully wedded what now?
All of this leads up to Anna only escaping being married to Kristoff without their consent by almost dying from a heart condition. You forgot about that detail, didn't you? I cannot think of a single other Disney movie in which a character gets all the way to “I now pronounce you…” without giving some kind of consent…actually, that's not quite true. In The Little Mermaid, Prince Eric is brainwashed into marrying Ursula, and is halfway through the ceremony before Ariel and their animal friends rescue him. Their blank stare, Ursula's evil smile, the music, the atmosphere: every detail in that scene is an indicator of how utterly wrong the situation is. A non-consensual marriage is the closest Disney animation will ever get to showing us a rape. Eric's almost-wedding to Ursula is the most extreme example I can think of, but plenty of Disney movies involve women trapped by the prospect of an arranged marriage, and without exception those women fight that disregard for their consent. We are expected to feel and support their horror; their revulsion; their feeling of violation.
In Frozen? We are expected to laugh.
Underground Movement
The public reaction to new power lines could kill renewable energy: they must be buried.
By George Monbiot. Published in the Guardian 31st May 2011
Why do those who oppose wind power insist on spoiling their case with gibberish? In their column on Friday, Simon Jenkins claimed that onshore wind farms were being planned “with no concern for cost.”(1) But the only reason for building them is a concern for cost. If it weren't for this issue, they would be the last option governments would choose – God knows they cause enough trouble.
As the government's Committee on Climate Change reports, large onshore wind farms are “already close to competitive” with burning natural gas, and are likely to get there by 2020(2). They are the cheapest renewable sources in this country by a long way. Offshore wind costs roughly twice as much, and its costs have been escalating. After attacking the high cost of wind power, Simon argued that we should instead invest in “sun and waves”. The committee shows that while the expected price of electricity from onshore wind in 2030 is between 7 and 8.5 pence per kilowatt hour, solar power is expected to come in at between 11 and 25 pence, and wave between 15 and 31(3). Talk about no concern for cost!
Incidentally, the cheapest low carbon option, the committee says, is nuclear power, at 5-10p(4,5). But, because of public objections, new plants are likely to be confined to existing sites, which means a maximum of about 20 gigawatts (a quarter of our current power capacity). Planning objections also restrict the spread of onshore wind. The only viable means of getting carbon off the grid, the committee suggests, is a mixture of sources: renewables, nuclear and carbon capture and storage.
But those who oppose wind power can't help themselves. In parliament earlier this month, Glyn Davies, the MP who is leading the fight against wind farms in mid-Wales, insisted that “Welsh wind farms have a load factor of just 19% – the lowest ever recorded” and that “the carbon impact of the development can never be compensated for by any possible carbon benefit.”(6) Rubbish again. The capacity factor for Welsh wind (the amount the turbines produce as a proportion of their idealised output) is 26%(7). Professor Gareth Harrison of Edinburgh University estimates that the carbon payback time for the wind developments in mid-Wales will be roughly 12 months(8). Davies, like Jenkins, also claimed that “so much more” could have been done with the same money had it been spent on wave and tidal power, offshore wind and solar photovoltaics. Should MPs not be obliged to do some research before they open their mouths in parliament?
Anti-wind campaigners are also highly selective. The Campaign for the Protection of Rural Wales, obsessed by wind farms, says nothing about the opencast coal mines ripping south Wales apart. Nor do you hear a word about the destruction of the ecosystems of upland Wales (and England and Scotland) by sheep grazing. These champions of the countryside want to save it from only one threat.
For all that, it's a real one. While the wind farms themselves divide communities, everyone hates the new power lines required to connect them to the grid. Here in mid-Wales, I have yet to meet anyone who will speak up in favour of them. Because they have to march across so much countryside, their visual impact is greater per pound of investment than that of any other technology.
Though you could see this issue coming as clearly as the pylons themselves, the green movement is completely unprepared. Greenpeace tells me “we haven't done any work on pylons”(9). Hardly anyone seems to be aware of how perilous this situation is: how easily renewable energy could be killed by the power lines issue.
This is about to become a national struggle, in which opponents of the new pylons will be cast as heroes. Promising direct action, reminding us of the great battles against the reservoirs supplying England, those who marched against the new lines in Wales last week will put us, unless we act quickly, in a dangerous position(10). Green activists will be outflanked by green activism. The same battle will then be fought all over the United Kingdom, wherever a new power line is planned.
Many of the areas affected by proposals for new lines are either Tory constituencies or LibDem seats the Tories will hope to take (all of which are now contestable)(11,12). It is hard to believe that the Conservative commitment to low-carbon energy could withstand a major rebellion within the party: Tory environmentalism is easily uprooted.
The greens need to decide where they stand. The only position that makes sense to me is unequivocally to support the campaign against overhead lines. Where new powerlines are built they must go underground*. If they can't go underground, they shouldn't be built. If we are not against pylons marching over stunning countryside, what are we for?
But here too there's a problem. Like the wind farms, overhead lines are favoured by the government because of its concern for cost. According to the National Grid, burying the lines connecting the turbines in mid-Wales to the rest of the system would cost 3.2 times as much as putting them on pylons (£562m vs £178m)(13). But how much does that add to the cost of electricity?
Calculating this is easy(14) – as long as you know the capital costs of the whole project. But neither the National Grid nor anyone else I've spoken to is prepared to hazard a guess about the cost of the rest of the infrastructure, so I can't yet tell you whether burying the power lines makes onshore wind here more expensive than competing technologies.
In fact my efforts to obtain relevant data of all kinds from the government, the National Grid and the wind industry reveal that, like the environment movement, they are completely unprepared for this backlash. Dismayed by the collective failure to address the pylons issue, the campaign against wind farms now confidently tells the same story about this technology as others do about nuclear: the turbines are erected by big, greedy corporations; they are unfairly subsidised by the government; they will cause untold damage to human health. In view of the flack you get for supporting any power technology, I'm beginning to think it would be less controversial to argue in favour of blackouts.
So this is where the UK stands. We can't keep burning fossil fuels without cooking the biosphere. We don't like nuclear power. We don't like onshore wind. We won't like the costs of the other technologies. We reject all the means by which electricity is generated. Yet no one's volunteering to stop using it.
www.monbiot.com
* The National Grid's Undergrounding Consultation is live here:
http://www.nationalgrid.com/uk/Electricity/UndergroundingConsultation
if you wish to comment.
References:
1. http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2011/may/26/bravo-for-the-nimbys-wind-power
2. Committee on Climate Change, May 2011. The Renewable Energy Review. http://www.theccc.org.uk/reports/renewable-energy-review
3. As above, Figure 1.
4. As above, Figure 1.
5. See also Figure 1.9.
6. http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201011/cmhansrd/cm110510/halltext/110510h0001.htm
7. http://www.decc.gov.uk/assets/decc/statistics/publications/trends/articles_issue/file43950.pdf
8. By email. Here's what they say:
“I've used previous work on the materials, construction and operation of transmission/distribution network infrastructure and wind farms to estimate the carbon impact of 150 km of transmission/distribution lines and 800 MW of wind turbines. Using conservative estimates (generator capacity factor of 0.25, displacement of gas generation etc.) the time required to pay back the carbon in the human-made infrastructure is 6 months (which is entirely in line with my initial guess).
“A difficulty arises as some but not all of the farms have peat deposits within their boundaries and disturbing it creates additional CO2 equivalent emissions. One of the larger farms at Nant-y-Moch has peat within its boundaries and SSE Renewables estimate paybacks to be 19-41 months assuming the very worst case where they do not manage the peat properly. A quick look at a rather grainy soils map suggests that this will not apply to all farms. For the cluster as a whole I would suggest the effect of peat would be to double the overall carbon payback time to 12 months. To improve on this will need a detailed look at all of the peat estimates for all of the wind farms.”
9. Niall Sookoo, 26th May 2011. By email.
10. See http://www.montgomeryshireagainstpylons.org/
11. Some of them are listed here: http://www.nationalgrid.com/uk/Electricity/MajorProjects/
12. See also the map on page 110 of the CCC report: http://www.theccc.org.uk/reports/renewable-energy-review
13. http://www.nationalgrid.com/NR/rdonlyres/18E52B43-8AB5-4F0B-95F7-0BECCA0647BE/46002/MidWalesSORIssue1_110319.pdf
14. Because there are now fuel costs involved, this calculation is much easier than it is for thermal plant. Professor Goran Strbac of Imperial College tells me that you get the rough cost by kilowatt hour by dividing the total capital cost by 10 to get the annuitised cost, then dividing that by the anticipated output (in kWh) from the wind developments to get the cost per unit.
