Gone are the days when you stay at one company for your entire career. And that's especially true for millennials.
As the largest generation in the workforce, millennials have embodied the term "job hopper." A 2012 PayScale report found the median tenure for a millennial employee was just two years, compared to seven years for a baby boomer. And a 2013 survey by Millennial Branding and Beyond.com, a career networking site, found 30 percent of companies lose 15 percent or more of their millennial workers within a year.
While changing jobs too often can make you look unstable, moving from one company to another can also be a great way to boost your salary, expand your skill set and build your network if you do it smartly. Here are some tips on how to job hop like a pro:
Orenthial James Brigance (born September 29, 1969) is a former football linebacker who played in the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the National Football League (NFL).  They are the senior advisor to player development for the Baltimore Ravens.
Brigance was born in Houston and played college football at Rice University, where they were a three-year starter. They graduated from Rice with a degree in managerial studies in 1992.[1]
Beginning their pro career as a linebacker in the CFL with the BC Lions in 1991, Brigance played three seasons and 54 games. Their best season came in 1993, when they recorded 20 sacks and was a CFL West All-Star.[2] Brigance then played for the Baltimore Stallions for two seasons, becoming a CFL All-Star in 1995, recording seven sacks and helping their team win the Grey Cup.[2]
In 1996, Brigance was signed by the Miami Dolphins as a free agent. They were twice voted a team captain during their four seasons there and their teammates named them Ed Block Courage Award recipient in 1999. In addition, they were honored with the NFL Player Association's "Unsung Hero Award" that same season.
The next year, they were signed by the Baltimore Ravens. Brigance was a key contributor to the Ravens' championship-winning team as they finished second on the team with 25 special teams tackles and led the team with 10 special teams tackles in the post-season (including the first tackle of Super Bowl XXXV). They played for St. Louis Rams in 2001 and 2002, and a final game with the New England Patriots before retiring.
 They are one of several players to have won both a CFL and NFL championship, and the only player in the history of both leagues to win those championships for the same city.
During their time as a Dolphin, Brigance was involved in a number of different community organizations, including Habitat for Humanity, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the Daily Food Bank.[3]
 They are currently the Director of Player Development for the Ravens and serves as a motivator and inspiration for the team.[4]
On January 20, 2013, Brigance was a part of the award ceremony when they presented the Baltimore Ravens with the Lamar Hunt trophy after the Ravens defeated the New England Patriots in the 2012 AFC Championship Game.
On February 3, 2013, Brigance was a part of the presentation of the Vince Lombardi Trophy to the Baltimore Ravens after they won Super Bowl XLVII.
Personal life [ edit ]
In May 2007,[5] Brigance was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig's disease), a motor neuron disease that is eventually fatal.[6] They have created a foundation to assist ALS research called the Brigance Brigade Foundation.[7] For their ALS activism, Brigance was one of two recipients of the 2016 NCAA Inspiration Award, sharing honors with late Mount St. Joseph University basketball player and pediatric cancer victim Lauren Hill.[8]
Brigance is a Christian. [9]
GRAND RAPIDS -- It was a once-in-a-lifetime catch for a man fishing below the Fourth Street dam -- a 5-foot lake sturgeon. By law, they were supposed to let it go. They didn't. Now, the Michigan Department of Natural Resources is looking for them and is offering a $1,000 reward as bait.Tuesday, DNR law enforcement officials began circulating a photo a bystander took of the man. Two weeks of watching the site in hopes of their return proved fruitless. Witnesses said they drove a newer model silver-gray GMC pickup with a white tool box behind the cab. "We've been looking for their truck but haven't gotten anywhere," said Dave Rodgers, a conservation officer with the DNR. Lake sturgeon are a protected species in Michigan due to their scarcity. They are listed as threatened. It is illegal to keep them on most Michigan waters. Limited seasons are open only on Black Lake in Cheboygan County, Michigan-Wisconsin boundary waters, Otsego Lake in Otsego County and on Lake St. Clair and the St. Clair River. Otherwise, anglers who hook them are required to release them.
Keeping one is punishable with jail time from 30 to 180 days, fines from $500 to $2,000, court costs and $1,500 restitution to the state. "He's going to show off their fish and, hopefully, someone will realize the importance of this and turn them in," Rodgers said. The May 17 incident was reported to the state's Report All Poaching Hotline by an acquaintance of the bystander who shot the photo being circulated. Onlookers reported the angler snagged the fish in the tail and fought to bring it in. They were fishing on the east side of the Grand River just downstream from the dam. Once they landed the fish, they encouraged them to return it to the river. Despite the catcalls and scorn from onlookers, they put the sturgeon in their truck, Rodgers said. The state is working to restore the native lake sturgeon population. They can live 100 years but are slow to reproduce. Males take 15 to 20 years to reach sexual maturity. Females take 20 to 25 years. They spawn every four years. Rodgers said anglers report sturgeon getting hooked on the Grand each year, typically in spring when the big fish come up to spawn. Those who catch them typically release them. "Given its size, it would have to be a fairly old fish," Rodgers said. "So losing even one can have an impact on the sturgeon population." Anyone with information about its capture can contact the state
at 800-292-7800. E-mail Howard Meyerson:
A former gas station at the intersection of Route 136 and Route 22 in Churchville briefly got a makeover this week as a set for shooting scenes for the Netflix series "House of Cards."
The station, closed for over a decade at the busy intersection, was made up to look like a fictional Surf gas station and convenience store.
The fictional Surf was selling regular gasoline for $2.49 a gallon, according to a marquee, about 50 cents higher than the average price around Harford County of just below $2 per gallon, including at the nearby Royal Farms at Route 155 and Route 22.
As crew members were wrapping up their work late Tuesday morning, one said they had been shooting scenes for "House of Cards." The show's fifth season is in production and scheduled to air in 2017.
Black marks, which resembled soot from a fire, could be seen around the front windows of the store. Production representatives on set were not available to talk, and a security guard asked a reporter for The Aegis to leave the property.
Production for the political drama, set in Washington, D.C. and starring Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright, is based in Joppa.
Outdoor scenes for the past four seasons have been shot throughout Harford County in locations such as Aberdeen, Havre de Grace, Bel Air and Edgewood, as well as locations elsewhere in Maryland. Interiors at locations in Baltimore and Annapolis, including the Maryland State House and The Baltimore Sun newsroom, have doubled as Washington, D.C. locations.
A casting call at the Bel Air Armory in June drew hundreds of people seeking roles as background extras in the show.
The city has removed seven more speakers that were at risk of falling on CFL fans at Hamilton's new Tim Hortons Field stadium, in addition to the one that fell last week.
One speaker fell 30 metres last week and rolled 26 rows through the empty stands at the stadium, built by the province for last summer's Pan Am games. By the end of the week, the city hired and brought in an engineering firm to check "anything up in the air" at risk of falling – including speakers, lights and the scoreboard.
Somebody stamped those drawings who shouldn't have. - Coun. Lloyd Ferguson
They found seven other speakers with cracked brackets, similar to the one that fell.
"You don't even want to think about the consequences of this falling on someone," , says Lloyd Ferguson, Ancaster councillor and head of the city committee that dealt with the stadium construction. The speakers weighed about 68 kilograms (150 pounds).
Not only were there bracket problems, they said, but they should have been tethered better by a thick chain or cable, and weren't.
It raises a lot of questions, they said. The city is trying to determine which stage this happened at in the construction.
That includes checking log books, quality control plans, said Rom D'Angelo, the city's director of facilities.
"Somebody stamped those drawings who shouldn't have," Ferguson said.
The city is installing temporary speakers in their place. They'll be up by Friday, when the Hamilton Tiger-Cats have their first home (preseason) game, D'Angelo said.
Of the faulty speakers, five out of the eight had cracks on the bracket. The remaining three showed signs of stress that would lead to cracks.
In terms of the speaker that fell, "both the backet and safety cable failed," D'Angelo said.
The project has been an ongoing headache for the city, which wasn't involved in building it. Infrastructure Ontario (IO) headed up the $145-million project and hired Ontario Sports Solutions (ONSS), a construction consortium.
Construction started in 2013 and was supposed to be finished by June 2014. But there were numerous delays, causing the Ticats to play part of a season at McMaster University and nearly miss the Labour Day Classic with the Toronto Argonauts.
Eventually the ribbon was cut, and the city took ownership of the stadium. But a year later, the city says there are still deficiencies, including obstructed seat views. And notices of legal action are flying between the city, the Ticats and IO.
The engineering firm will work until July to inspect all the required "in the air" items. The city is also hiring an outside firm to finish the remaining work. It's using $6.5 million it held back from IO from the city's $60 million share.
As for the Ticats, the team has hired a consultant to calculate its losses and money spent making up for things that were supposed to be in place.
In Vietnam, John Scott Gantt was known as a Green Beret who could get things done.
A captain with the 5th Special Forces, Mr. Gantt was 30 years old in 1968 when they devised a scheme to fly a pair of elephants cross-country to a remote mountain village. By helicopter.
Mr. Gantt's animal adventure forms the basis of Disney's "Operation Dumbo Drop," which opened in theaters on Friday. Although the movie is based on a real event, the filmmakers took lots of liberties with the facts. "If you had to pick somebody that was me, it would be Danny Glover," says Mr. Gantt, who lives in Cross City, Fla.
Mr. Gantt, 57, is now assistant director of emergency service in Dixie County. They remember the tiniest details of Operation Barroom, as the elephant project was dubbed by the jokesters in the company (the word barroom refers to the sound made by a particularly flatulent pachyderm). He's been telling the story to their children, and their children, for years.
Part of the Special Forces mission was to recruit and train soldiers from the Montagnard villages that dotted the mountainous central regions of South Vietnam. The Green Berets used lumber imported from the United States to build the training camps, and at $4 per two-by-four board, they knew they were paying too much.
The local forests were rich in mahogany, and Mr. Gantt reasoned that the Montagnards could likely be trained to cut their own lumber. So they talked the Army into buying a small, used sawmill from an Australian company.
This pilot program began in Tra Bong, 65 miles southwest of Da Nang, "in an area that we controlled sometimes, and Charlie [the Viet Cong] controlled sometimes," Mr. Gantt explains.
"I recruited a couple of guys that had sawmill experience," they add. "And back in Alabama, my granddaddy had run a little sawmill -- so between us we got it operational, cut the first trees and taught them how to operate the mill and start producing lumber."
The villagers caught on quickly. "Within six months, Tra Bong was self-sustaining. They had cut, by hand, and rolled in by hand, all trees big enough to make lumber within a half-mile of the camp. They'd cleared a massive forest. And they came to us and said 'Hey, we need a way to get logs to the sawmill.' "
They tried trucks, and caterpillar vehicles, and within six months the rough terrain had destroyed them all. "The village elders came up with an idea," Mr. Gantt says. "They said 'We used to do this a long time ago with elephants.' And that's when the colonel said 'Gantt, get elephants.' "
Plans were hatched, calls were made, and deals were struck.
But it wasn't easy. "It's like trying to buy kids," recalls Mr. Gantt. "One elephant in a village, or two elephants, that's really the livelihood of the village. And you had to buy them a replacement, give them something."
Once two Indian elephants were purchased from the village of Ban Don, Mr. Gantt had to figure out how to get the animals to the sawmill at Tra Bong. "You can't walk them 300 miles," they say. "So then we were going to walk them 70 miles to Nha Trang and load them on barges, then walk inland -- but as it turns out, elephants get seasick.
"So we had to plan on flying them. But that got real hairy, because the Air Force wouldn't talk to us unless we could tranquilize them."
Mr. Gantt spent 12 straight hours talking, via military telephone, to various American zoos, collecting advice on how to best tranquilize and transport two 3-ton elephants. A powerful drug was located in England -- it took an extra day of tricky phone call transfers -- and, after six weeks of paperwork, Operation Barroom was all set to go.
Then came the Tet offensive. Every U.S. aircraft in Vietnam was occupied with the intense fighting, and no one gave the elephants any further thought for a while.
The animals finally made the trip on April 4, 1968. Word had reached the press that the Green Berets were planning to air-drop the elephants with parachutes, like supply shipments, but the British SPCA made such a noise the plan was quickly changed to an airlift.
The sedated beasts were loaded into a C-130 airplane and flown 300 miles to Da Nang, the closest airfield. There they were wrapped in cargo nets and fastened to cushioned wooden palettes; suspended under a pair of Marine Corps Jolly Green Giant helicopters, they flew the final 65 miles over the mountains to the tiny Tra Bong clearing.
Mr. Gantt arrived with the first elephant and climbed out of the helicopter to find the world's press -- including all three U.S. television networks -- waiting for him.
"Thousands of Montagnards had showed up for the show -- they came out of the hills from everywhere," they recall. "We unwrapped him, gave them the antidote, they woke up and was standing there. And all of a sudden, here comes another one incoming. The clearing was only big enough for one."
The designated elephant handler was nowhere to be found, so Mr. Gantt acted quickly. "I bounced up on their back, poked their ear with the little guide stick and walked them out of the clearing. And they landed the second one."
The next morning, back in Florida, Mr. Gantt's wife saw a brief clip of their husband on TV, riding shirtless on top of an elephant. But Operation Barroom was never front-page news, because Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in Memphis the same day.
Historically speaking, it wasn't peanuts to John Scott Gantt. Their elephant exploit became a chapter in "Fighting Men," a book by fellow Green Beret Jim Morris; Disney then turned Mr. Morris' prose into the script for "Operation Dumbo Drop."
Mr. Gantt and their family saw the movie earlier last week, at an advance screening. "It was highly fictionalized," they report.
Several unions that back President Obama's reelection bid are spending big in an effort to damage Mitt Romney in key GOP primary states.
Unions including The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) and Service Employees International Union (SEIU) are making ad buys to hit the Republican presidential contenders on issues key to their members, including immigration reform and the bailout of the auto industry.
ADVERTISEMENT
The primary focus of the attacks, however, has been Romney, who appears likely to face off against Obama in the fall.
Larry Scanlon, AFSCME's political director, told The Hill that while Romney has yet to officially sow up the nomination, the general election season has begun.
"Our position is: We are in a general election now. We want voters to hear our message," Scanlon said. "We have endorsed Obama, and we're going to do what we can to get them reelected."
AFSCME, the country's largest public sector union, spent $500,000 on Internet, television and radio ads to air in Ohio that target Romney before the state's GOP presidential primary this coming Tuesday, according to Federal Election Commission (FEC) records. Last month, the union also spent $1 million on Internet and television ads opposing Romney in Florida before that state's GOP presidential primary.
Scanlon said the large expenditures were not intended to influence GOP contests, but rather to define Romney for all voters.
“We didn't have any expectations that we would influence the Republican presidential primary in a major way,” Scanlon said. “The point is that for that week or two in that state, voters will be tuned in and paying attention. We think it's a good opportunity to get our message out along these general election themes.”
Scanlon also said that unlike other GOP candidates, the ex-Massachusetts governor has concentrated on issues key to labor.
“Romney has been talking about our issues, workers' issues, and he's on the wrong side of those issues. So that's why we're going after him,” Scanlon said.
A spokesperson for Romney's campaign said unions are attacking them because they have stood up to labor.
“Union bosses have repeatedly attacked Mitt Romney in this campaign because they know they will end the sweetheart deals they have enjoyed under President Obama. Mitt Romney has fought labor bosses before and they will fight them again,” said Andrea Saul, the Romney spokesperson.
Other unions are also training their fire on Romney.
SEIU spent more than $86,000 on radio ads in Florida and Nevada that criticized the former Massachusetts governor on immigration. Brandon Davis, SEIU's political director, said the union's members took issue with Romney's Spanish-language ads in the state.
“He's speaking with two faces here,” Davis said. “He's trying to say one thing in Spanish and one thing in English, and we couldn't let that go unchallenged.”
SEIU spent more than $86,000 on radio ads in Florida and Nevada that criticized the former Massachusetts governor on immigration. Brandon Davis, SEIU's political director, said the union's members took issue with Romney's Spanish-language ad.
“His Spanish-language ads say Romney ‘believes in us,' but their deeds speak for themselves,” the ad said, adding that Romney would veto the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for some qualified illegal immigrants who enter the military or go to college.
The United Auto Workers, meanwhile, has been highly critical of Romney's stance on government loans that Obama argues kept the auto industry alive.
On Feb. 24, union members held a rally outside Detroit's Ford Field, where Romney was giving a speech on the economy. The UAW wanted to remind Romney that “he turned their back on an iconic American industry, the city of Detroit, the state of Michigan and millions of American jobs,” according to a press release.
The International Association of Machinists has been active in the GOP presidential primary as well. In January, the union spent $100,000 on a television ad buy in the Charleston, S.C. market, running during the week of the South Carolina primary.
“We watched a lot of Republican politicians parade through the state over the past year, bashing us and castigating the National Labor Relations Board [NLRB] for enforcing the law as it's written,” said Rick Sloan, the Machinists' communications director. “We just wanted to remind folks that when workers stand together, we win, they lose.”
The Machinists' television ad didn't name-check Romney but did highlight a quote from them regarding “union stooges” at the NLRB.
Republican candidates were taking issue with the labor board's complaint against Boeing for allegedly retaliating against union workers.
The complaint, stemming from a Machinists' grievance, was filed after the company started a new production line for its 787 Dreamliner jet in South Carolina, a right-to-work state. The move came after Boeing executives expressed worry about stoppages at their unionized operations in the state of Washington. The NLRB alleged the company was penalizing union workers.
Several GOP presidential candidates visited the South Carolina facility in question, including Romney. The labor board has since dropped the complaint against Boeing after the Machinists and Boeing came to a new agreement.
Beyond the television ad, Sloan said they aren't sure if their union would involve itself more in the GOP presidential primary.
“I think the larger unions will continue to play. I'm not sure we will. We had a specific reason to get into the South Carolina primary,” Sloan said.
Scanlon of AFCSME said they don't know if the public sector union will continue to spend money pivoting off the GOP presidential primary.
“It will be based on what are the hot issues for that state and whether we can reach voters there,” Scanlon said. “Union density plays into it as well.”
Your wait is over—they're finally here! Presenting the definitive list of teens whose parents let them drink wine at dinner for spring 2017. While there are plenty of teenagers who drink wine in secret, there are only a select few whose parents actually allow them to imbibe at the dinner table. From teens who only get a little sip of dad's chardonnay on special occasions to teens who get the whole bottle to themselves even with the most casual dinners of mac and cheese, here's our latest rundown.
1. Greg Nordstrom, 14
Advertisement
First on the list we've got Greg. Greg comes to us from Toledo, Ohio, and they love skateboarding, science class, and a little prosecco with dinner. Greg's parents are French, and in Europe parents don't think it's a big deal if teenagers have a little glass of bubbly to complement a nice meal. And here's the reason he's topping our list: Greg acts completely nonchalant about it when their friends come over for dinner and are shocked to see their mom pour them their own full glass of chianti right next to their glass of 2% milk! For that, Greg is definitely a teen whose parents let them drink wine at dinner to watch in 2017!
2. Aline Harris, 17
Advertisement
Coming in at number two is Aline. They just earned themselves a place on the list back in March when they went to live with their dad and learned they could do something incredible: drink wine openly at the dinner table! Mom would have never let them do that, but luckily they moved in with their dad and made our list by the skin of their teeth. Them dad's hardly ever home, so they get to practice their drums whenever they want and doesn't have a curfew. Best of all, their dad is more of a whiskey drinker, so when they pop the cork on a bottle of vino, she's got the whole thing to herself, glass after glass. Cheers, Aline! Hope to see you on the list next year. Keep it up!
3. Stewart Brown, 15
Advertisement
Stewart's parents actually believe in instilling a healthy relationship with alcohol in children by allowing them to drink in moderation at home or some shit like that, and it's paying off huge for this sophomore who is already starting varsity on their high school baseball team. Whatever their reasoning, the important thing here is that Stewart can drink wine at dinner with their parents, which is why he's on our list for the third year in a row. Batter up!
4. Travis Gutner, 13
Advertisement
Thirteen-year-old girls, hold on to your hearts, because there's a hunky new bad boy on the list. Coming in at number four is Travis Gutner, a Newark native who may be three years away from being old enough to drive, but he's already making big waves. He's built a BMX track in their backyard, their ears are pierced, and their parents accidentally let them drink an entire bottle of wine on a cruise ship because they thought it was nonalcoholic and they had to get their stomach pumped. Badass!
5. Michelle Hubor, 19
Advertisement
This year's honorary mention is Michelle Hubor, an engineering student from Colorado Springs. Michelle has done everything in their power to get their parents' permission to have a sip or two of wine with dinner, but sadly to no avail. She's tried talking them into letting them have even just a sip by presenting them with all of the evidence that red wine has health benefits, by making the argument that if she's old enough to go to war that they should be old enough to drink, and by explaining that in other countries with lower drinking ages there is actually less alcoholism. But none of it has worked. Unfortunately for Michelle, she's turning 20 in June, so they missed their shot at being a full-fledged member of our list as a teenager. But for their efforts to get their parents to let them have some wine with dinner, she's this year's honorable mention. Good effort, Michelle!
Monday on Fox News Channel's “The O'Reilly Factor,” host Bill O'Reilly criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for their Friday remarks describing 50 percent of Trump supporters as a “basket of deplorables” that hold certain beliefs.
Transcript as follows:
Not since President William Henry Harrison died of reported pneumonia in 1841 just 32 days into their term has that lung infection so captured the imagination of American voters. As you most likely know by now, Hillary Clinton faltered at a 9/11 memorial on Sunday. Them campaign announcing afterward that they have pneumonia, something they knew last Friday. Now the stamina of both Mrs. Clinton and Donald Trump is amazing.
These people are under constant pressure, in motion all the time, and the fact that they can pull it off is astounding. Going forward, both candidates should be candid about their health because it is a major factor in leadership. But that situation is far overshadowed by the “basket of deplorables” comment.
Friday night:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
HILLARY CLINTON: “You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic — you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that.”
But not 50 percent of Trump supporters; that's lunacy, that smears millions and millions of Americans. It didn't take long for Mr. Trump to strike back.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Baltimore, MD today:
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
TRUMP: “Hillary Clinton spoke with hatred and derision for the people who make this country run. They spoke with contempt for the people who thanklessly follow the rules, pay their taxes, and scratch out a living for their family. ((EDIT)) Our support comes from every part of America and every walk of life. We have the support of cops, and carpenters and welders. The young and the old – and millions of working-class families who just want a better future.”
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Talking Points believes that Secretary Clinton made a big mistake here reminiscent of Mitt Romney, saying that 47 percent of Americans would not vote for them because they want stuff. Every fair-minded person knows you cannot generalize about what is in peoples' hearts. And I don't include the far left under the banner of fair-minded.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Meet the Press, yesterday:
STEPHANIE CUTTER, OBAMA 2012 DEPUTY CAMPAIGN MANAGER: “He is attracting a certain type of voter. They gave a whole speech on describing them. They're called the alt-right. ((EDIT)) So what they said was not wrong, their only mistake was that they described half of their supporters that way.”
(END VIDEO CLIP)
That woman apparently believing that all who support Donald Trump are racist and inferior human beings. That opinion was echoed on the op-ed page of the New York Times today by another far-left loon. What Mrs. Clinton's comments really do is mobilize those who were thinking about voting for Donald Trump, not their hard core supporters. I mean, come on. Branding people racist is despicable unless there is undeniable proof of that charge.
Again, fair-minded people know that. When I heard Hillary Clinton say the “basket of deplorables” line I was surprised.  They are a measured speaker and that line was written for them
Somebody should have known that it would give Donald Trump a major advantage. But again, campaigns are very strange things.
And that's the memo.
Kyanna Simone Simpson (The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks) has locked in a recurring role in the CW's upcoming DC drama Black Lightning, from Salim Akil, Mara Brock Akil and Greg Berlanti, set for premiere in 2018.
Based on the DC character created by Tony Isabella with Trevor Von Eeden, Black Lightning centers on Jefferson Pierce (Cress Williams). They made their choice: They hung up the suit and their secret identity years ago, but with a daughter, Jennifer, hellbent on justice and a star student being recruited by a local gang, he'll be pulled back into the fight as the wanted vigilante and DC legend Black Lightning.
Simpson will play Kiesha, the partner-in-crime/best friend of Jennifer Pierce (China Anne McClain), who also attends Garfield High School. The daughter of Inspector Henderson (Damon Gupton), Kiesha will encourage Jennifer to challenge their image as the perfect principal's daughter.
Simpson's TV credits include a recurring on HBO's Show Me a Hero, as well as roles on Law & Order: SVU and Being Mary Jane. They next will be seen in the feature film White Boy Rick, starring Matthew McConaughey. She's repped by J Pervis Talent Agency and Abrams Artists Agency.
Executive producer Salim Akil was thrilled with the addition of Simpson to the cast, saying, “I am happy to bring some new talent to The CW!”
Produced by Berlanti Productions and Akil Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television, Black Lightning premieres midseason on The CW.
A Polish Liberal's Campaign Twist? Death Metal.
that, a candidate for parliament in Poland and a member of the, has unleashed an unorthodox political campaign. They allied themselves with local death metal musicians to create a television ad where they portrayed the group's stoic frontman, growling out their views. Evidently they are a genre fan and not just trying something radical to appear hip.
According to Blabbermouth, the translated lyrics say: “End of the useless talking/Enough of the stupid wars/Secular government, dignified life/Freedom is my goal/Vote wisely.”
When speaking with TVN24.pl, Wijas said, “During the election campaign, there are always spots being released where politicians are trying to show that politics is a fun, enjoyable process that is set to the political rhythm of disco music. In my spot I'm talking about serious issues that are important to me and do not sing that SLD is the best. I am trying to wake people up with this intense message.”
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
BUOYED by the news from Tunisia, Yemen's opposition has been demonstrating too. In the capital, Sana'a, placard-wielding protesters called for removal of the long-serving president, Ali Abdullah Saleh. Internal dissent is nothing new in Yemen. But the sight of an estimated 10,000 demonstrators openly demanding the head of state's resignation is rare.
On Jan 23rd Mr Saleh's security force had arrested Tawakul Karman, a shrewd human-rights activist. That provoked an international outcry and stirred a series of protests in both Sana'a and the former capital, Taiz.
Mr Saleh seems rattled. They freed Ms Karman and a number of their fellow protesters. In an unusually apologetic speech they awarded pay rises to civil servants and soldiers and announced they were cuttting income taxes by half. That will do little for the 35% of the workforce that is jobless, but it may keep their forces loyal, at least for a while.
On the streets of Sana'a many Yemenis were still devoting the best part of their days to chewing qat, a mildly euphoria-inducing leaf, rather than striving to topple Mr Saleh's beleaguered government, which faces tribal unrest in the north, separatism in the south and al-Qaeda here and there.
“Yemen is not Tunisia”, Mr Saleh insisted. But a watershed in their capital may have been crossed.
Spread the love
Russian President Vladimir Putin considers the aggressive expansion of NATO as a direct threat to the national security of Russia.
In response to the threat, Putin signed an official document updating Russia's national security posture on Thursday.
“The buildup of the military potential of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and vesting it with global functions implemented in violations of norms of international law, boosting military activity of the bloc's countries, further expansion of the alliance, the approach of its military infrastructure to Russian borders create a threat to the national security,” the document states.
“The independent domestic and foreign policy conducted by Russia triggers counteraction from the US and their allies seeking to keep up their domination in global affairs,” it adds.
Prior to release of the document, Russia moved to counter the expansion of NATO and its deployment of troops and equipment in Poland and the Baltic states by adding 40 intercontinental missiles to its nuclear arsenal. Russia also announced it would develop and deploy state-of-the art weaponry and equipment to its troops.
Russia and NATO ended cooperation following a referendum held on March 16, 2014, to integrate Crimea into the Russian Federation.
NATO's Expansion
Since its formation in 1949 NATO has expanded from twelve members to 28. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War NATO continued its expansion and added Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Albania, and Croatia to the alliance. Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Macedonia, and Montenegro are currently recognized as aspiring members. Following the staged Euromaidan coup in Ukraine in 2014 installed Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said the country was considering NATO integration.
The US State Department and globalists connected to the Council on Foreign Relations and other NGOs have proposed expanding NATO to include “democratic states from around the world,” including Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa, and India.
In 2007 former New York Mayor and Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani called for the expansion of NATO to include major allies of the United States such as Australia, Singapore, India, Israel and Japan.
NATO missions and operations include support for the ongoing occupation of Afghanistan and Kosovo. Since the 1990s the alliance has linked up with the Euro-Atlantic Partnerships Council, the Mediterranean Dialogue, and the Istanbul Cooperation Initiative.
NATO continues to enlarge its agenda well beyond its original mission.
In December it issued a “cooperative security” statement that listed “terrorism, piracy, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and cyber warfare” as threats of concern to its “global network of security partners that includes over 40 countries from around the globe, as well as international organizations including the United Nations, the European Union, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and the African Union.”
In a decision that may have long-lasting repercussions for the university's reputation, a leading university group on Saturday voted to censure the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) for firing Professor Steven Salaita after they made comments critical of Israel's attack on Gaza last summer.
The university rescinded Salaita's tenured faculty appointment at school's the American Indian studies program after they issued a series of Tweets condemning those who defended Israel's military actions against Palestinians in Gaza.
"If it's 'antisemitic' to deplore colonization, land theft, and child murder, then what choice does any person of conscience have?" was among the comments made last July.
The school board's dismissal of Salaita received widespread condemnation by groups accusing the university of having a pro-Israel bias.
We Interrupt This Article with an Urgent Message! Common Dreams is a not-for-profit news service. All of our content is free to you - no subscriptions; no ads. We are funded by donations from our readers. This media model only works if enough readers pitch in. We have millions of readers every month and, it seems, too many take our survival for granted. It isn't. Our critical Mid-Year fundraiser is going very slow - only 503 readers have contributed a total of $19,000 so far. We must raise $31,000 more before we can end this fundraising campaign and get back to focusing on what we do best.
If you support Common Dreams and you want us to survive, we need you.
Please make a tax-deductible gift to our Mid-Year Fundraiser now!
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
After its own internal investigation, at the annual meeting on Saturday, the American Association of University Professors elected to censure the institution on the grounds that the dismissal "violated Professor Salaita's academic freedom and cast a pall of uncertainty over the degree to which academic freedom is understood and respected at UIUC."
Such a censure "informs the academic community that the administration of an institution has not adhered to generally recognized principles of academic freedom and tenure," the group explains.
The AAUP currently has 56 institutions on its censure list.
In January, Salaita filed a lawsuit against the school charging that it violated their First Amendment rights. According to the Associated Press,
"The censure vote came one day after a judge ordered the university to turn over thousands of pages of documents sought by Salaita."
Following the decision, Salaita's attorneys issued a statement calling the censure "a serious blemish on the university's record."
The statement continued:
President Trump, after days of lashing out angrily at the London mayor and federal courts in the wake of the London Bridge terrorist attack, faces a convergence of challenges this week that threatens to exacerbate the fury that has gripped them — and that could further hobble a Republican agenda that has slowed to a crawl on Capitol Hill.
Instead of hunkering down and delicately navigating the legal and political thicket — as some White House aides have suggested — Trump spent much of Monday launching volleys on Twitter, unable to resist continuing, in effect, as their own lawyer, spokesperson, cheerleader and media watchdog.
Trump escalated their criticism of London Mayor Sadiq Khan, incorrectly stating that Khan had told Londoners to not be “alarmed” about terrorism. They vented about the Justice Department, which they said pushed a “politically correct” version of their policy to block immigration from six predominantly Muslim countries, which Trump signed before it was halted in court. They also complained that Senate Democrats are “taking forever to approve” their appointees and ambassadors.
Inside the White House, top officials have in various ways gently suggested to Trump over the past week that they should leave the feuding to surrogates, according to two people who were not authorized to speak publicly. But Trump has repeatedly shrugged off that advice, these people said.
“Not that I'm aware of,” White House principal deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday at a news conference when asked if the president's tweets were being vetted by lawyers or aides.
1 of 58 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at President Trump's first year in office, so far View Photos The president's term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the news media. Caption Scenes from the Republican's beginning months in the White House. Jan. 25, 2017 Trump signs an executive order for border security and immigration enforcement improvements at the Department of Homeland Security in Washington. Chip Somodevilla/Pool photo via Bloomberg News Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“Social media for the president is extremely important,” Sanders said. “It gives them the ability to speak directly to the people without the bias of the media filtering those types of communication.”
Trump's refusal to disengage from the daily storm of news — coming ahead of former FBI director James B. Comey's highly anticipated public testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday — is both unsurprising and unsettling to many Republicans, who are already skittish about the questions they may confront in the aftermath of the hearing. In particular, they foresee Democratic accusations that Trump's exchanges with Comey about the FBI probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential campaign were an effort to obstruct justice.
Some Republicans fear that Trump's reactions will only worsen the potential damage.
“It's a distraction, and they need to focus,” said former Trump campaign adviser Barry Bennett. “Every day and moment they spend on anything other than a rising economy is a waste that disrupts everything.”
Rick Tyler, a veteran Republican consultant, said Trump's relentlessness in using Twitter poses a serious obstacle for the White House.
“I can't imagine internally they're happy with their performance,” Tyler said. “The president is undermining their presidency whenever their staff says one thing and then they do another. They'll say something you'd expect, and then he'll go off and bring in the gun debate to a terror attack.”
Some Trump supporters also fear that their extemporaneous rebukes are upending the priorities they are trying to implement.
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
George Conway, a well-known GOP lawyer who recently took themselves out of the running to lead the Justice Department's civil division and is the husband of Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway, wrote on Twitter on Monday that Trump's fulminations on the travel ban could damage its chances.
“These tweets may make some ppl feel better, but they certainly won't help OSG get 5 votes in SCOTUS, which is what actually matters. Sad,” they wrote, using abbreviations for the Office of Solicitor General and the Supreme Court.
Trump's friends say he's just being himself.
“He's rightly frustrated, and they aren't always checking with their lawyers about each tweet. But he's getting their message out there,” said Christopher Ruddy, a close associate of Trump and president of Newsmax Media, a conservative news organization. “He is relying on themselves to be the messenger.”
It is an increasingly lonely endeavor. Trump's poll numbers have sagged, with Gallup's daily tracking number showing them at 37 percent approval Monday, nearing the nadir of their presidency so far, while the RealClearPolitics polling average shows their approval rating just under 40 percent.
Yet even among party leadership and senior advisers in the West Wing, many remain supportive of Trump's combative posture, unable or unwilling to usher them toward a less incendiary approach.
“It's all infighting and leaks to the point where Trump is diluting their own proposals,” Bennett said. “I don't get it. Rather than getting them to talk about jobs, they stand by as they go on about Mayor Khan.”
The few who have spoken up have been careful to not provoke Trump. “Unfortunately, the president has, I think, created problems for themselves by their Twitter habit,” Sen. John Cornyn (Tex.), the No. 2 ranking Senate Republican, said with a tight smile during a Sunday interview on Dallas TV station WFAA.
Comey's testimony is one of a number of items on the White House radar this week that risk stoking Trump's rage.
A week after Trump declared their trip to the Middle East a success, the region was swept into turmoil Monday after four Arab nations — Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain — broke diplomatic relations with another U.S. ally, Qatar, which they have accused of supporting terrorism.
Several U.S. allies in Europe also have grown weary with Trump after they decided to withdraw the country last week from the Paris climate accord. One of their closer allies there, British Prime Minister Theresa May, responded uncomfortably Monday to Trump's outbursts about Khan, who is Muslim, as the United Kingdom was coping with the aftermath of the London Bridge attack, which killed seven.
“I think Sadiq Khan is doing a good job, and it's wrong to say anything else,” May tersely told reporters.
In Congress, Trump's ambitions to pass a health-care overhaul and tax changes have been stymied by party infighting and growing nervousness about the potential political cost, especially in the more moderate Senate. The only major legislative accomplishment so far has been the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil M. Gorsuch, which came in April after bypassing a Democratic blockade.
David Winston, a Republican pollster who works closely with congressional GOP leaders, said lawmakers are eager to avoid discussions on issues that do not have to do with their agenda — including Trump's tweets — and said an extended delay on big-ticket legislation would pose a problem.
“Anytime they're not talking about the economy or jobs, they know that's not what the electorate is looking for,” Winston said. “It's going to be the responsibility of the White House to provide that context” when the news cycle and media has their attention elsewhere, they added.
Ongoing turmoil in the White House only exacerbates the problems. Talk of possible staff changes has fueled a rush of stories that irritate Trump, who disdains news coverage of their advisers and their many rivalries. Former campaign loyalists, such as Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, have been spotted heading to the Oval Office for meetings.
Meanwhile, the Russia-related questions are ubiquitous. Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel delving into potential ties between Trump's campaign and Russia, is busy at work, and Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, is a focus of the investigation, according to people familiar with the probe.
Trump allies have for weeks discussed the possible formation of a Russia-focused “war room” either inside or outside the administration, but any such operation has yet to be formally announced. The president has retained an outside legal team, however, while Bossie and Lewandowski have been mentioned as possible leaders of an advocacy group that would defend Trump after Comey's testimony.
The White House has gamely attempted to ignore the fallout from Trump's latest tweets, pressing forward Monday with a conventional rollout of parts of a promised infrastructure program.
Standing in a dark suit and red-striped tie at the White House in front of Cabinet officials and Vice President Pence, Trump endorsed a plan to spin off more than 30,000 federal workers, including thousands of air traffic controllers, into a private nonprofit corporation — and they railed against the Obama administration's previous work to improve the Federal Aviation Administration.
“The current [aviation] system cannot keep up, has not been able to keep up for many years,” Trump said. “We're still stuck with an ancient, broken, antiquated, horrible system that doesn't work.”
It was a brief respite from rancor. A few hours later, this time on Facebook, Trump was back at it, posting a video and fervent note to their millions of followers.
“We need the Travel Ban — not the watered down, politically correct version the Justice Department submitted to the Supreme Court, but a MUCH TOUGHER version!” Trump wrote. “We cannot rely on the MSM to get the facts to the people. Spread this message. SHARE NOW.”
The fossil record suggests that 20 million years ago, the ancestors of humans and other apes changed their sleeping habits because they became too big for branches. Today, no primate that weighs over 60 pounds sleeps on a branch. Instead, chimpanzees, bonobos and their cousins build sleeping platforms each night from sticks and other materials.
Dr. Samson and their colleagues have found that apes take great care in choosing trees to sleep in and the materials to build their platforms. The reason, they suspect, is that apes aim to get the best night's rest they can.
Dr. Samson and the primatologist Robert W. Shumaker found that orangutans that got to make platforms of foam and other comfortable materials scored better on cognition tests the following day than apes that slept on straw.
Early human ancestors probably continued to sleep in trees until about two million years ago, Dr. Samson said. By 1.8 million years ago, new hominins like Homo erectus had left the trees. “I think we can be safe in saying Homo erectus slept on the ground,” Dr. Samson said.
Early humans probably slept around fires in large groups, able to ward off predators. The result, said Dr. Samson and Dr. Nunn, was the chance to get an even better night's rest. Humans were able to fall more soundly asleep and to experience deeper bouts of REM sleep.
Since it took less time to get the benefits of REM sleep, humans were able to get by with less sleep over all than other primates. They gained a few extra waking hours each day, which they might have used to make new tools or share stories.
Dr. Patrick J. McNamara, a neurologist at Boston University School of Medicine, found the new study compelling. “We as a species have found a way to get more out of a shorter sleep span than other species,” they said.
Skip to comments.
German man charged with teaching dog Hitler salute!
Ananova ^ | 11:18 Tuesday 14th October 2003 | Carol Ruff
Posted on by ConservativeMan55
German man charged with teaching dog Hitler salute
A German man is to appear in court charged with teaching their dog to give the Hitler salute.
The black sheepdog-mix, named Adolf, has been taught to lift their right front paw up straight in the salute on command.
Police were called to the scene in Berlin when Roland T, 54, shouted at passers-by last year.
When a patrol arrived, they allegedly showed them the trick they had taught their dog, gave the salute along with Adolf, and shouted: "Sieg Heil."
Now they have been charged with using symbols of unconstitutional organisations. If found guilty, they face up to three years in prison.
Adolf will probably be brought to a pet shelter, the Berliner Kurier reports.
Carola Ruff, of the local animal protection organisation, says the dog shouldn't be judged for what its owner taught it.
"It makes me sick to think someone's using their dog as an instrument of their deranged brain," they told the paper.
Story filed: 11:18 Tuesday 14th October 2003
TOPICS:
Constitution/Conservatism
Crime/Corruption
Culture/Society
Front Page News
Germany
Government
Miscellaneous
News/Current Events
KEYWORDS:
german
To: ConservativeMan55
In the realm of canine communication, a Nazi salute is a real step upward when you consider the fact that until this moment, the dog had been limited to butt sniffing as the primary means of having some dialogue. Lighten up Heir Francis.......
by 2 posted onby blackdog ("This is everybody's fault but mine")
To: ConservativeMan55
I wonder what tricks X42's dog knows?
To: ConservativeMan55
Carola Ruff? ;^)
To: ConservativeMan55
was this the same guy who trained that monkey in "Raiders of the Lost Ark?"
by 5 posted onby KantianBurke (Don't Tread on Me)
To: LurkedLongEnough
He's got the play dead trick down pat.
To: ConservativeMan55
"Now they have been charged with using symbols of unconstitutional organisations. If found guilty, they face up to three years in prison."
I aways get a kick out of the German's over-compensation as they try to distance themselves from their own history. I wonder if the "Hammer & Sickle" or extreme socialism is unconstitutional in Germany considering it killed more people and has practiclly turned their country into a tyrannical state.
To: ConservativeMan55; mhking
Just woof.
To: ConservativeMan55
Carola Ruff , of the local animal protection organisation... Ruff? Woof!
Comment #10 Removed by Moderator
To: ConservativeMan55
Oktober has that effect on some people. OTOH, had they performed this trick in Germany 60 years ago, they would probably have been shot - and their doggie too.
To: ConservativeMan55
"It makes me sick to think someone's using their dog as an instrument of their deranged brain," Carola Ruff told the paper.
Naming your dog Adolph and teaching them the Nazi salute is not exactly honoring Hitler and their minions, Carola! Sounds like your spring is wound a little too tight!
by 12 posted onby SwinneySwitch (Liberalism is a Sin!)
To: ConservativeMan55
I thought that dog already knew how to do the Nazi salute!?
Comment #14 Removed by Moderator
To: ConservativeMan55
Almost as heretical as the guy who trained their dog to say "Joe DiMaggio" instead of "Ruth"
To: blackdog
Incredible! There is really a law against teaching your dog the Nazi salute? Man, these people have PC worse than we do.
To: blackdog
In the realm of canine communication, a Nazi salute is a real step upward when you consider the fact that until this moment, the dog had been limited to butt sniffing as the primary means of having some dialogue. ROFL
by 17 posted onby yonif ("If I Forget Thee, O Jerusalem, Let My Right Hand Wither" - Psalms 137:5)
To: yonif
Why stop with just "three" years? Why not go for six? Or ten? (/sarcasm)
To: ConservativeMan55
If they could teach it to goosestep, then I'd be impressed.
To: Warren
My dog has been training me to piss on Ted Kennedy's final resting place. He's granted me a waiver on the one leg lift posture. A bi-ped urinating slouch is sufficient. My dog tells me that Ted is down to less than one year(dog years) so I figure he'll have me in top shape real soon. When I asked my dog, "If you can't read, how will you know Ted'g grave?" Their response was simple.......He sniffed my butt, fetched a life preserver, insisted on driving, poured out a bottle of Glenfiditch for both of us and then drank mine too, took a dump in my docksider boat shoes, sent out an invitation to Christopher Dodd for a meal at a diner(something about humping, a waiter, and a sandwich), and they wag their tail at every windmill they see. I figure they know Ted well enough to scent their dirt nap.
by 20 posted onby blackdog ("This is everybody's fault but mine")
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
Banks Conspire to Fleece the Public
Two stories this week prove once again that the big banks are literally criminal enterprises.
Initially, all of the big banks have engaged in Mafia-style “bid-rigging” of municipal bonds, to bilk money from every city in the nation … to the collective tune of tens billions of dollars.
And Barclays and other large banks – including Citigroup, HSBC, J.P. Morgan Chase, Lloyds, Bank of America, UBS, Royal Bank of Scotland – manipulated the world's primary interest rate (Libor) which virtually every adjustable-rate investment globally is pegged to.
br>And see this . That means they manipulated a good chunk of the world economy.
Other recent stories also show criminal fraud as well. For example, the big banks have been cheating homeowners … especially veterans.
And as Max Keiser explains, banking giants Mellon and State Street shaved money off of virtually every pension transaction they handled over the course of decades, stealing collectively billions of dollars from pensions worldwide:
br>(Details here here .)
Indeed, the entire business model of the big banks is fraud. See this, this, this, this, this and this.
Fraud caused the 1930s Depression and the current financial crisis.
Regulators Have Become “Cops On the Take”
There's no recovery because the government made it official policy not to prosecute fraud (and see this, this, this, and this).
Unfortunately, the cop is on the take … and the government's only actions are to cover up the fraud and to leave the people holding the bag.
The chairperson of the Iranian parliament's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission Alaeddin Boroujerdi speaks on June 4, 2014 in Damascus (AFP Photo/Louai Beshara)
Paris (AFP) - Iran wants all Western sanctions to be lifted as part of a deal on its contested nuclear programme by a November deadline, a top official said Wednesday.
The announcement came amid intensifying efforts to conclude a definitive pact. The six powers in the talks with Iran -- Britain, China, France, Russia, the United States plus Germany, known as the P5+1 -- have set November 24 as the deadline.
The chairperson of the Iranian parliament's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission Alaeddin Boroujerdi said the US proposal of a gradual lifting of sanctions was "unacceptable."
"If we want a definitive accord on November 24, there must be an immediate lifting of sanctions," they told a news conference in Paris.
A Western diplomat close to the negotiations with Iran on Monday said a firm deal by the deadline was highly unlikely, saying Tehran would have to make "significant gestures."
The aim is to close avenues towards Tehran ever developing an atomic bomb, by cutting back its enrichment programme, shutting down suspect facilities and imposing tough international inspections.
In return, the global community would suspend and then gradually lift crippling economic sanctions imposed on the Islamic republic.
But the two sides, despite long-running talks, remain far apart on how to reconcile their objectives.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201701/1521/1155968404_5295378799001_5295363176001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Spicer defends Trump for claiming without evidence that millions voted illegally Numerous fact checks have debunked the president's repeated claim of voter fraud that Trump says cost them the popular vote.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday defended President Donald Trump for continuing to claim that millions of people voted illegally in the November election, despite numerous fact checks and other studies that have debunked the theory.
“The president does believe that, they have stated that before,” Spicer told reporters gathered for Tuesday's daily briefing in the White House. “I think he's stated their concerns of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and they continue to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence people have presented to him.”
Story Continued Below
According to independent fact-checkers and Republicans including House Speaker Paul Ryan, there is not evidence of widespread voter fraud in the November presidential race, when Trump won an Electoral College majority but lost the popular vote by almost 3 million.
Trump first raised in November on Twitter the unsubstantiated claim that they lost the popular vote because millions of undocumented immigrants voted for Hillary Clinton. They repeated that theory in a closed-door meeting with Congressional leaders on Monday.
After referencing unnamed evidence on Tuesday, reporters pressed Spicer to specify on what studies Trump has based their belief of voter fraud. Spicer cited a Pew Research study, but its author, David Becker, has previously denied that the report backs up Trump's claim.
“We found millions of out of date registration records due to people moving or dying, but found no evidence that voter fraud resulted,” Becker tweeted on Nov. 28.
On Tuesday, six different reporters pressed Spicer on the issue over the course of the briefing.
Asked if the White House is going to investigate the alleged voter fraud, Spicer initially suggested that it would not (“No, I think they won very handily with 306 electoral votes, 33 states. He's very comfortable with their win,” they said), but pressed on it again later, they said “maybe we will” but did not make any promises.
“We'll see where we go from here,” Spicer said.
Since Trump revived their claim of voter fraud on Monday, some Republicans have come out to push back on it.
Lindsey Graham, one of the Senate's most vocal critics of Trump, told CNN that the claim is the “most inappropriate thing for the president to say without proof” and warned that Trump's actions are “going to erode their ability to govern this country if they do not stop it.”
“If the president of the United States is claiming that 3 to 3.5 million people voted illegally, that shakes confidence in our democracy,” Graham said. “He needs to disclose why they believe that. I don't believe that. It is the most inappropriate thing for the president to say without proof.”
“We're talking about a man who won the election and seems to be obsessed with the idea that they could not have possibly lost the popular vote without cheating or fraud,” they continued. “I would urge the president to knock this off.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, however, told reporters on Tuesday that voter fraud “does happen,” adding, "The notion that election fraud is a fiction is not true."
They would not directly weigh in on Trump's claim, but said, ““There are always arguments on both sides about how much, how frequent and all the rest.”
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison demands answers from their department after it accidentally disclosed asylum seeker personal details online
Updated
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison is demanding answers from their department over an "unacceptable" security breach in which the personal details of asylum seekers were made available online.
Department of Immigration secretary Martin Bowles has ordered a review into the lapse which saw the information of up to 10,000 adults and children in Australian immigration detention inadvertently made available.
The database included their full names, nationalities, location in Australia, arrival date and their boat arrival information, according to the Guardian.
Mr Morrison says the information was available for several days but it was not easily accessible.
"I should stress this information was not put up with a 'click here for people's personal details'," they told ABC News 24.
"It was a link that could have been accessed with other software that would have to be downloaded. It wasn't a very simple process to access this information."
Mr Morrison says the disclosure appears to have been inadvertent and KPMG will carry out the review to be delivered next week.
"As part of that investigation the department has tasked KPMG to review all data publications and to ensure that proper mechanisms will be in place to make sure it doesn't happen again," Mr Morrison said in a statement.
Potential for disciplinary action to be taken
The statement also says Mr Morrison has asked Mr Bowles to keep them informed of any "disciplinary measures" that may be taken as a result of the breach.
"The information was never intended to be in the public domain, nor was it in an easily accessible format within the public domain," Mr Morrison said.
"This is a serious breach of privacy by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection."
Mr Morrison has also welcomed a separate investigation to be carried out by Privacy Commissioner Timothy Pilgrim, who says they have been assured the information is no longer publicly available.
"This is a serious incident and I will be conducting an investigation into how it occurred," Mr Pilgrim said in a statement.
"As part of this investigation, the department has undertaken to provide me with a detailed report into the incident.
"Further, the OAIC [Office of the Australian Information Commissioner] will be working with the department to make sure they are fully aware of their privacy obligations and to ensure that incidents of this nature will not be repeated."
In a statement, the Department of Immigration and Border Protection says "this information was never intended to be in the public domain".
"The department acknowledges that the file was vulnerable to unauthorised access," the department stated.
"The file has been removed and the department is investigating how this occurred to ensure that it does not happen again."
The Guardian says the database listed every single person held in a mainland detention facility, on Christmas Island, or in a community detention program.
Asylum seeker files release of 'enormous concern': Opposition
Labor's immigration spokesperson Richard Marles says the mistake is of "enormous concern".
"This appears to be one of the most significant breaches of privacy in Australia's history," they said.
"This is a government with a culture of secrecy, but it is utterly unable to manage secrecy."
Greens immigration spokesperson Sarah Hanson-Young says Mr Morrison needs to take action to protect the asylum seekers.
"This breach of security makes a mockery of [Prime Minister] Tony Abbott's obsession with secrecy," they said.
"The minister needs to clarify how this occurred, how they will stop it from happening again and how they will ensure that the thousands of asylum seekers whose lives have now been put at risk will be protected because of this huge security breach."
The database included a "large number" of children, the Guardian says.
In the report, the Guardian says it has decided not to identify the location of the data.
The Immigration Department has previously argued against the release of personal information, saying it could put asylum seekers at risk.
Topics: community-and-society, immigration, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
Couchsurfing is built on personal connections between members. Sending unpersonalized requests can hurt your chances of finding a host, and annoy hosts who sometimes feel inundated with “spam” requests. For this reason, we limit the number of Introductions you can use for free.
Once a message thread has been created, you can continue that conversation without hinderance. You may also send Couch offers to travelers without using your allocation of free Introductions.
What is an Introduction?
An Introduction refers to any time you initiate a conversation with a member for the first time using the Message or Couch Request system.
I ran out of Introductions and I need to find a host! What should I do?
If you've run out of Introductions, there are three different ways you can find a host:
Post a Public Trip. Become a Verified Member. There is no limit to the number of Introductions a Verified member can send. Wait for more Introductions. Introductions are limited to 10 in a rolling 7-day window. Once you've used an introduction, it will be added back at the same time 7 days later.
How does that work? When you try to send an Introduction, our system will check the past 7 days to count how many you've sent in that timeframe. If you've sent less than 10, you'll have the difference available to send right away. If you've sent 10 or more, you'll have to wait until some of them were sent more than 7 days ago for new Introductions to be available.
How do I find a host with limited Introductions?
If you are having trouble finding a host with these limits, be sure that you have done all of the following:
Completely fill out your profile. Your profile is the first impression you'll give to both potential guests and hosts! Make it count. Fill out every section and include multiple pictures of yourself so that other Couchsurfing members have a good idea of who they are interacting with before they meet you.
Post a Public Trip. Once you have created a Public Trip, you will appear as a Traveler in that city during the dates you have specified. Hosts in that area receive email notifications about Travelers visiting that area, and can offer to host you.
Use the date filter. When you filter by your arrival and departure date, you will only see hosts that are available during your trip. Hosts that are already hosting, or have otherwise indicated that they are busy, will not appear in your search results.
Adjust other search filters. Click "More Filters" to narrow down your search results further. You can find hosts that have similar interests as you, or have qualifications you are looking for. To increase your chances of a response from your host, you may want to filter by "Last Login Date".
Make sure that you meet your host's Host Preferences. Be sure that you have read your host's profile and My Home information, to ensure that you meet your host's rules and preferences. Checking this before you send a Couch Request will increase your chances of being accepted by your host.
The Prime Minister's Office is going to ask Conservative MP Mark Adler to repay money that they solicited from lobbyists.
“It is not appropriate and they are going to be directed to refund any inappropriate donations,” Jason MacDonald, the prime minister's director of communications, said Friday.
Postmedia News reported this week that Adler sold $400 tickets to a February 2013 fundraiser to about 30 lobbyists, including many with whom they held official meetings connected to their work on the finance committee.
The direct solicitations seemed to violate guidelines established by ethics commissioner Mary Dawson, which forbid targeting “any organizations or individuals with which you anticipate having official dealings in your capacity as a member of Parliament.”
MacDonald said Friday that donations that appear to violate that rule will have to be returned.
“Specifically they will have to pay back any money from lobbyists registered to lobby dept of finance, and people they met with in their official capacity,” they said.
Adler has not commented on the donations, and until Friday, neither has the Prime Minister's Office. In question period on Thursday, in response to opposition questions about Adler's fundraiser, Paul Calandra sidestepped the matter.
On Thursday, NDP and Liberal MPs both wrote to Dawson asking for them to investigate Adler's activity.
The Prime Minister's Office did not respond more quickly because it needed to establish the facts, MacDonald said.
“You have to do your due diligence,” they said.
Several Conservative cabinet ministers — who work under somewhat tighter rules than backbench MPs — have returned questionable donations in recent months.
In 2012, Calandra paid back $5,000 in donations from people connected to radio stations after the Globe and Mail reported on the connection to a highly sought after licence.
In January, Heritage Minister Shelly Glover returned some donations from a fundraiser held in their Winnipeg riding after CTV discovered it was being held for members of Winnipeg's arts community.
In opposition, Stephen Harper often attacked Liberals for allowing a “revolving door” of lobbyists in and out of government. The Conservatives' landmark accountability act, passed in 2008, established tougher rules, including a five-year ban on lobbying for former political staffers.
Toronto rapper Drake saw the safe return of millions of dollars' worth of jewelry stolen from their tour bus.
Phoenix police recovered a reported $3 million US worth of jewelry that was taken from a tour bus being used by the musician and DJ Future the Prince while they were performing Tuesday.
Travion King, 21, was booked into Maricopa County Jail on a burglary charge.
Police say they identified King as the suspect through surveillance footage at Talking Stick Resort Arena in downtown Phoenix.
They then learned that they were already in jail after being arrested for trespassing Wednesday morning by campus police at Arizona State University in nearby Tempe.
The stolen jewelry was subsequently found.
Sgt. Vince Lewis says the suspect was a stagehand who has done contract work in the past with local venues including the arena.
The theft was reported after a Tuesday night concert. According to police, the suspect had removed a briefcase containing the jewelry within a 15-minute window.
Lewis did not say who owned the jewelry, but confirmed it did not belong to Drake.
Representatives for Drake did not immediately respond to requests for comment Wednesday. A representative for Future the Prince declined comment on the theft case.
Drake has been co-headlining their Summer Sixteen concert tour with fellow rapper Future. Future the Prince is Drake's official DJ.
One of the most recognizable rappers for hits such as Hotline Bling and albums such as Nothing Was the Same, their latest album, Views, was released last spring.
Future the Prince is also a producer who has worked on records for several musicians including Adele.
A Canadian man who was arrested and charged last year for failing to give authorities the password to their cellphone pleaded guilty Monday to violating the federal Customs Act and was ordered to pay a $500 fine.
Alain Philippon of Montreal risked the possibility of prison time and upwards of $25,000 in penalties had they been convicted of “hindering” under section 153.1 of the Customs Act.
Mr. Philippon, 39, was arrested in March 2015 after returning to Canada from the Dominican Republic. They were approached by officers with the Canada Border Services Agency upon arriving at Halifax Stanfield International Airport and was asked to provide authorities with access to their personal Blackberry. When they refused to give up the password needed to unlock the device, officials charged them with hindering, or preventing an officer from doing their job.
Specifically, the section 153.1 of the Customs Act states: “No person shall, physically or otherwise, do or attempt to do any of the following: (a) interfere with or molest an officer doing anything that the officer is authorized to do under this Act; or (b) hinder or prevent an officer from doing anything that the officer is authorized to do under this Act.”
Mr. Philippon initially pleaded not guilty upon being arraigned last year, but unexpectedly changed their plea during a hearing this week on the eve of a scheduled trial.
A statement of facts read before the court Monday and agreed upon by Mr. Philippson and the government acknowledged that they were carrying two cellphones and $5,000 in cash upon returning to Canada, and that a subsequent swab scan of their luggage tested positive for traces of cocaine.
Mr. Philippon spent a night in custody upon being arrested at the airport, and the seized Blackberry reminds to this day in CBSA's possession, the National Post reported Monday.
Robert Currie, the director of Dalhousie University's Law and Technology Institute in Halifax, said Monday's plea deal represents a “missed opportunity” that could have been used to explore the rarely-discussed legal aspects of Canadian authorities' ability to compel citizens for access to their personal devices.
“We've got case law around the Customs Act, going back in time, which says essentially that you have next to no privacy at the border,” Mr. Currie told the Post. “On the other hand, we've got very recent case law from the Supreme Court of Canada, starting in about 2010, that says you've got an intense amount of privacy in your electronic devices.
“What we have not seen to date is a case where a court has really wrestled with all of this and tried to put it all together,” they said.
Mr. Currie said previously that the case, had it gone to trial, would have been the first of its kind to be heard in Canadian court.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Orpheus Brewing The Rites will join the Atlanta, Georgia based brewery's year-round rotation in January, 2016.
This will be the first year-round India pale ale by the brewery, joining Lyric Ale (saison) and Atalanta (tart plum saison).
We take our inspiration from Orpheus, who revealed the mysteries of the gods. The Orphic Rites break the never ending cycle of the Transmigration of Souls, allowing us to control our own destiny. This juicy, mysteriously hopped IPA is brewed for those who are ready to break the monotony, to dream, and to take control.
Orpheus Brewing The Rites was released on draft in mid-January. 12 ounce cans will be available in the taproom and distribution starting March 8th,
Style: IPA
Availability: 12oz Cans, Draft. Year-round
Can Debut: 3/8/16
6.7% ABV
Image via Orpheus Brewing
Every so often, we face a job we dread because it seems exceedingly dull. As a child, I felt that way about household chores—scrubbing a toilet, sweeping a floor, wiping a countertop, weeding. I remember one day my grandmother was visiting and announced that they would sweep the floor for me, because they liked sweeping. What? They explained something about the little piles that I really tried to appreciate—because I wanted to like sweeping too—but alas, could not. Recently, however, I've been given a new reason to like sweeping, and other somewhat tiresome tasks. It is not because the tasks themselves can be made more intellectually invigorating, but because they generally cannot. When the mind is not fully engaged, it can wander—and that's often when insights arrive.
Recently, I asked readers to tell me about their “Aha!” moments, those flashes of insight that can sometimes lead to creative products. The request came on the heels of Mind's July/August cover story, “The Aha! Moment,” in which Nessa Victoria Bryce outlined the five steps in the creative process: Exploration, Focus, Incubation, Insight, Follow-Through. In the incubation step, people are encouraged to stop consciously thinking about the problem they are trying to solve to let ideas incubate. Indeed, several respondents told stories of suddenly solving a problem while not doing much of anything. Their tales reminded me to value downtime for my brain and to develop ways to capture any insights that might show up during idle moments.
Two respondents, both working on a master's thesis at the time, appeared to get their Eureka moments while sleeping; at least they arrived upon a sudden awakening in the middle of the night. From Erik Hanitzsch: "This goes back to 1966…One of my homeworks required a simple [computer] program. However the darn thing would not compile. It simply refused. Three a.m., I was sound asleep, woke up, started to get myself dressed. My wife asked me what I was doing. 'I found it!! I have to go to the West Engineering Building, start the computer and make the correction.' 'Oh honey! Don't be silly. Go back to sleep.' 'No! I have to do it now, otherwise I'll forget it!' And off I went, corrected the error; it compiled and 'Hurrah' now I can go back to sleep."
From Brad Waugh: "During one of our weekly meetings, my supervisor mentioned a problem they had been stumped by for some time, looking at the stability of the Vaidya metric and hence its suitability in modeling an evaporating black hole near zero mass. … I had developed the habit of keeping a pad of paper and pen by my bedside in case inspiration came in the night - as it had done on previous occasions. That night, …I awoke with the basic nugget of a solution to their problem, based on a simple piece of mathematics I had learned in a second year math class. I spent a few days working out the details and making sure I had not made an elementary error before presenting it, but it held up to my scrutiny - and then that of my slightly miffed and even more skeptical supervisor. The result was important and became my first publication."
For David Stevenson, a Eureka moment came while riding a bus. "I had an idea about how protein synthesis [evolved] in living organisms that had previously used only RNA molecules. I'd [had] the basic idea in the Spring of 1998, but I couldn't tie all of the bits together successfully. Then, while on the bus in Leicester, in the autumn of 2001 I had a brainwave that linked the structure of the tRNA, the structure of the ribosome and the process of translation into one realistic model. I was simply looking out of the window on the bus as I was heading home for a coffee, when the different pieces of the puzzle fell into place. The article was published a few months later in The Journal of Theoretical Biology."
In addition to sleeping or staring out the window, monotonous tasks are known to encourage the mind to drift. Researchers have asked people to engage in tedious tasks involving strings of letters or numbers to induce them to daydream. In one experiment, scientists detected heightened activity in the default network, a web of neurons that springs to life when we are not absorbed in focused tasks, just before people made a mistake, a sign of drifting attention (see “Living in a Dream World: The Role of Daydreaming in Problem-Solving and Creativity,” by Josie Glausiusz, Scientific American Mind, March/April 2011). So although it may be frustrating to find yourself zoning out over text you are assigned to read, that activity might, in fact, be fertile ground for creative thinking. Sleep also seems to be a time of fruitful reflection in which the subconscious may come to our aid. To capture those sudden flashes of understanding, putting a pen or pencil by the bed seems like an excellent idea.
In addition to appreciating idle moments or dull duties, you can deliberately set aside time for reflection, as one of our respondents, Elly Vintiadis, a philosopher, suggested: "I intentionally take time off from a problem, so that I let my mind process it in the background, so to speak, and get the “a-ha!” moment…It is not always a moment, sometimes it is like “Light dawning gradually over the whole” to use Wittgenstein's turn of phrase. … I now also always encourage my students to start working on their papers as soon as they can so that they work on a problem for a bit and then put aside for some time and return to it later."
Of course, you have to notice an interesting thought when it comes to you and recognize its significance so that you can build upon it. An artist named Brian Williams explained how they came up with the idea of painting on a curved, rather than flat, surface. From fleeting observations of their surroundings that would have eluded most, Williams developed new ideas about how to produce art. Here is a passage from their entry:
"I have spent my professional life as a painter trying to discover ways to make painted scenes that feel more real. I have worked mostly intuitively but often also analytically, discovering (or re-discovering, actually), among other things, methods such as subtle gradations (to depict radiating light over a landscape and create localized luminosity), and almost transparent layers of white and tinted paint over previously painted passages (to create a sensation of atmosphere and create atmospheric perspective). At one point I began to search for ways to depict a wider visual field than is normally possible without distortions. I began by using elongated rectangles in a panoramic format. One day in the Grand Canyon, after trying to paint a view in a side slot canyon ranging from the sky above, through the distant rim, descending past the waterfall in front and down to the stream at my feet, I was struggling to slip the long vertical painting into my waterproof portfolio. It was bowed and stuck, and in that instant I happened to look up again at the real scene and then to my watercolor. I realized in an instant that it worked better curved than flat, and I went on to create a number of gently curved paintings that were very successful at representation of wide fields of view without distortion. This was my first step away from FLAT PAINTING. It was a revelation in its own right but also a preparatory step along the way to a greater revelation. That revelation came high up in a bucket truck I was painting from (narrated best in the TED talk I gave in Kyoto in 2013) when I realized in an instant the true nature of the sensation of seeing. And in the next instant, building on the earlier curved paintings, to realize the idea that I call Parabolic Painting: each scene depicted with its own uniquely curved and externally shaped panel, to both suggest the sensation of the visual sphere, and the pattern of motion of your eyes as you visually gather in the scene before you….One feels as if one is there, looking into a real space at a real scene."
Williams had obviously prepared their mind to develop these key insights—as had the computer programmer, physicist and biologist—through extensive experience and study. Williams wasn't bored or idle, but they were actively pondering the mundane. They were viewing those seemingly inconsequential moments, such as putting away a painting or looking down for a dropped paintbrush, in new ways. In that light, I think my grandmother was onto something when they tried to give me a new outlook on sweeping. Not only could I have used my time pushing a broom to think, but I might have noticed something in the act of collecting debris, or about the little piles I'd made, that inspired a much bigger idea. And I still might…
Author: Marshall Schott
When it comes to brewing beer that tastes good, it is often highly recommended to use fresh ingredients. Grain stales, yeast dies, and hops lose their oomph. On the professional level where ingredients are blown through in a matter of a few weeks due to production volume, freshness may not be nearly as big of a concern as it is for homebrewers, many of whom have begun purchasing in bulk to save some coin. Naturally, some of these ingredients are going to be around for awhile, certainly long enough to fall off of the spectrum of “fresh” in some minds. While there's little we can do to stop the impact of time, homebrewers have employed some clever techniques for storage of ingredients to help prolong their life such as keeping unmilled grain in sealed containers, leaving harvested yeast under starter beer, and perhaps the most popular, storing vacuum sealed hops in the freezer. I can say from personal experience these methods work well, but I've never actually done a side-by-side comparison. Until now.
I was contacted by Brülosophy reader Mike Gutenkauf back in June 2015, they offered to send me 8 ounces of old Willamette hops for an xBmt. Cool, free hops! They then explained they purchased these hops in 2006, they were from the 2004 crop, and they kept them stored in a vacuum sealed bag in the back of their freezer where they forgot about them… for 9 years. Mike was curious how much a beer made with these old hops might differ from a beer made with fresher hops of the same varietal, as was I. And how often does the opportunity arise to play with 10 year old hops?
Prior to embarking on this xBmt, I dug around for more details on the commonly accepted claims regarding the impact age has on hops. Much of what I found focused on the impact of secondary variables such as oxidation on hops over time as opposed to age alone. For example, in their 2008 Brew Your Own article, Behind The IBU, John Palmer references a study where researchers found a beer brewed with hops stored for a year in a “punctured oxygen-barrier bag” to be notably different in many ways than the same beer brewed with fresh hops. I also found a post at the Beer Sensory Science blog where the author discusses how poorly stored old hops can produce grassy character in beer due to the presence of cis-3-hexanol, a “grassy” compound that arises from the breakdown of particular unsaturated fatty acids present in hops. Both of these articles, along with quite a few others I found, provide fascinating information about the impact improper storage over a relatively short period of time has on hops, but what about properly stored hops that are just really fucking old?
| PURPOSE |
To evaluate the differences between old hops and fresh hops that have been stored well when used in separate beers of the same recipe.
| METHODS |
I received the old hops from Mike in late June, at which point I ordered 1 lb of 2014 Willamette from Hops Direct. I expected the stats to vary, but the nearly 2% difference in alpha acid was rather surprising to me.
In an attempt to increase the chances of tasters actually noticing a difference, and also trying to avoid accusations of a shitty xBmt design, I threw together a simple Blonde Ale recipe with a small addition of Magnum up front, as I only had 8 ounces of the old hops and didn't want to blow a huge load on bittering.
Willamette Blonde Ale
Batch Size Boil Time IBU SRM OG FG ABV 5.25 gal 60 min ~20 4.5 1.043 SG 1.008 SG 4.6%
Fermentables
Name Amount % Domestic 2-Row 13 lbs 95 Gambrinus Honey Malt 8 oz 5
Hops
Name Amt/IBU Time Use Form Alpha % Magnum ~18 IBU FWH Boil Pellet 11.2 Willamette 14 g 10 min Boil Pellet 2 Willamette 50 g 0 min Flameout Pellet 0
Yeast
Name Lab Attenuation Ferm Temp WLP029 German Ale/Kölsch Yeast White Labs 77% 66°F
I created a yeast starter 2 days prior to brewing, some of which was stolen for later use while the rest would be split between the 2 batches.
The following evening, I prepared as I usually do by collecting the brewing liquor, adjusting water chemistry, then measuring out and milling the grain.
I woke up early the next morning and got to brewing, staggering the start of each mash by about 30 minutes. Thanks to BeerSmith, my mash temps were consistent between both no sparge batches.
Once each mash had completed their 45 minute single infusion rest, I collected the wort in my 14.5 gallon kettles and proceeded to boil.
After an hour of boiling, each wort was quickly chilled to 6°F above groundwater temp, which at 88°F was a bit warmer than my target fermentation temp.
A refractometer reading confirmed my process was consistent between both batches with each sitting at 1.044 OG, slightly lower than my target because I completely forgot to adjust for an annoying sack of grain.
I transferred the wort into separate 6 gallon PET carboys and placed them in a cool chamber to continue cooling. A few hours later, both had dropped to my target fermentation temp, so I evenly split and pitched the yeast. Active fermentation was observed about 8 hours later and proceeded similarly for both batches.
After 3 days, I bumped the temp to 72°F where I left it for an additional 3 days to encourage complete attenuation and cleaning up of any fermentation byproducts. I pulled hydrometer samples on days 6 and 8 to confirm a stable FG, both beers had reached 1.008, so I cold crashed for a day, fined with gelatin, then packaged, hitting each keg with 40 psi of CO2 for 24 hours before dropping it to a serving pressure of 13 psi. The beers were perfectly carbonated and nearly bright just 10 days after being brewed.
I waited another 3 days for the weekend to arrive before presenting the beers to participants for evaluation.
| RESULTS |
Overall, 21 people lent their taste-buds to this xBmt including multiple BJCP judges, homebrewers, and craft beer drinkers. Each participant was served 2 samples of the old hop beer and 1 sample of the fresh hop beer then asked to identify the sample that was different. Given the sample size, 11 tasters (p<0.05) would have had to correctly select the fresh hop sample as being different in order to reach statistical significance. Only 5 tasters (p=0.82) accurately identified the odd-beer-out, a response rate more consistent with random chance than actual ability to distinguish between the beers.
The results of the comparative evaluation completed by the 5 tasters who were correct on the triangle test yielded no meaningful data since significance was not reached, but to satiate the curious, I'll share a few bits and trust it's interpreted appropriately. All 5 tasters agreed the aroma of the old and fresh hop beers were somewhat similar with 1 person noting the fresh hop sample as being “slightly fruitier and not as clean and crisp” as the old hop sample; preference for aroma was split. Similarly, 4 tasters reported the flavor as being somewhat similar while 1 thought it was exactly the same; of the 4 who noted some difference, 3 preferred the old hop beer. Regarding mouthfeel, 2 tasters experienced the samples as sharing no similarities while the other 3 thought they were somewhat similar; 4 preferred the mouthfeel of the old hop sample while only 1 preferred the fresh hop beer. Overall preference goes to the old hop beer, which was preferred by 4 of the 5 participants completing the comparative evaluation. Once the nature of the xBmt was revealed, 4 tasters inaccurately believed the old hop beer was the one made with fresher hops.
My Impressions: My immediate thought when I first sampled these beers next to each other was that they were far more similar than I expected given they came from crops 10 years apart. It's often discussed how hops of the same variety change from one season to the next, but this didn't seem to be the case with these beers. Perhaps Willamette is more stable than other hops, I don't know, but to me this was promising. As far as differences go, I was not able to reliably detect enough differences to tell these beers apart, failing 3 out of 5 of the quasi-blind triangle tests I had others help me with. This is sort of interesting, as in my own side-by-side comparisons, I could have sworn the fresh hop beer tasted, well, fresher? Despite looking for some of the differences mentioned by those participants who were correct in the triangle test, I had a hard time finding them, which I'm comfortable accepting may be more the product of my inept tasting abilities than anything else. Either way, my concerns about using old hops that have been properly stored have definitely been reduced.
| DISCUSSION |
This is one of those xBmts I assumed would easily produce a significant result, as I'd been under the impression the aromatic and bittering qualities of hops degraded as a function of age alone. Of course, the old hops used in this xBmt were stored in arguably ideal conditions– vacuum sealed and in the freezer. Perhaps more than anything, the results of this xBmt seem to confirm the negative effects age has on hops can potentially be ameliorated by utilizing adequate storage methods, which requires only 2 readily available and inexpensive things, a vacuum sealer and a freezer.
I'm not sure these results are necessarily generalizable to all hop varieties, at least at this point, as there is a chance different hop with their different properties react differently to time, even when stored properly. Either way, my anecdotal experience absolutely supports the idea that well stored hops, from Tettnanger to Mosaic and so many in between, do indeed continue to impart all of the character I expect even after 10+ months in the freezer.
I'm now more curious than ever about the the impact poorly stored hops have on beer and plan to design an xBmt to test that soon. Until then, please feel free to share your experiences in the comments section below. Cheers!
Support Brülosophy In Style!
All designs are available in various colors and sizes on Amazon!
Follow Brülosophy on:
If you enjoy this stuff and feel compelled to support Brulosophy.com, please check out the Support Us page for details on how you can very easily do so. Thanks!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
In order for your Xbox One Fender Jaguar guitar controller to play in Rock Band VR, you will need to apply a firmware update. NOTE: This firmware cannot be applied using a Mac. If you are using an Xbox One Fender Stratocaster guitar controller, no firmware update is required. The firmware update is located here. It requires connecting your guitar controller to your PC via microUSB. The microUSB port for the Fender Jaguar controller is located behind the faceplate. To access it, you will have to follow these steps.
First, adjust the clasp on the back of the neck so it is slid up as shown, allowing the neck to safely bend.
Then, fold the guitar neck backwards so it meets the back of the guitar.
After folding the neck, there will be a small notch under the pickguard for you to pull up the pickguard from. Be careful not to be overeager and damage the pickguard.
Now you're all set to plug your guitar controller into your PC! The microUSB port is next to the D-Pad once the pickguard is removed.
Once you've downloaded the firmware update, open the file and run 'HmxGuitarFlashTool.exe'. If necessary, confirm you want to run the file. A small window will then open, and the following steps will play out in sequence.
Connect the guitar controller with a microUSB cable, then hit 'Ready'. Hold down the Red and Blue fret buttons[only the larger set] and the Xbox Guide button. Continue to hold down the Xbox Guide button until the firmware update is complete.
IF the firmware update fails while in progress, the message 'Please try again and make sure to hold down the buttons until complete.' will appear. Hit 'Retry' and then resume from step 2.
Once it completes, you're all set! Reverse the physical steps (put the pickguard back on, then fold the neck back up), and you can begin playing!
Finally, a post about food!! Hurray hurray, jump up and down but don't get too excited because this post is a lesson – a very important paleo mayonnaise lesson and one that is worth learning for those folks who figured that their creamy white blissful days of mayo were over after hopping on the paleo wagon. Most decent tasting mayonnaise options that you'll find in the market are made with soybean oil and really should be avoided because soybean oil is only good for, well, nothing that I can think of… But I promise, if you follow my mayonnaise making directions very carefully you'll be back to loving the creamy condiment for dips, sauces, spreads, and salad dressings for several of your paleo creations included but not limited to tuna salad, chicken salad, sauce for fish, or to spread on your mushroom sandwiches.
Ok, here we go! I'll list ingredients and directions below and feel free to watch paleo mayo making in action on the video as I add a twist at the end so it might be worth the few minutes it takes to get through it.
Also, as mentioned in the video, one concern that people have about making mayonnaise is the fact that you have to use raw eggs. The reality is that getting sick from raw eggs is extremely rare, especially if you are using farm fresh pasture raised eggs, click here for more information. If you are still concerned or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, I would recommend pasteurizing your eggs. Click here to learn the process of pasteurizing eggs which is a whole lot easier than you might think!
Paleo Mayo
Secret for better tasting mayo, do not use extra virgin olive oil but instead use a light tasting olive oil, or a mild tasting oil such as walnut oil. Also, try using a hand held mixer instead of a blender if your blender gets hot quickly which can mess up the emulsification process.
2 whole eggs or egg yolks (I do both but I like it better with just the yolks)
2 cups light tasting olive oil or walnut oil
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
1 teaspoon yellow mustard
1 teaspoon sea salt
1/3 teaspoon cayenne pepper
In a blender, add the eggs, vinegar, and mustard and blend together well – leave the blender running and slowly slowly slowly drop by drop or very slow drizzle add the oil. BE PATIENT!! Do not dump all the oil in quickly and give up!! When the mixture begins to emulsify or thicken, only then can you be a bit faster about pouring in the olive oil but still take your time. Turn the blender off once all the olive oil is in and the mayonnaise is thickened to your desired consistency. Add the salt and cayenne pepper and mix well or blend again for another few seconds.
Now for the fun part – variations!!! Always wait until after your mayonnaise is thick before you add seasoning but here is when you can get creative. Add dried of fresh dill, fresh basil, or cilantro, garlic and onion, hot sauce, or even curry powder to make your own spreads, sauces and dips for just about everything as mentioned earlier in the post. Now, watch my video to see the fun twist that I put on our homemade mayonnaise!
25% A quarter of Americans say local communities should be able to prohibit the construction of mosques in their area.
A quarter of Americans (25%) say local communities should be able to prohibit the construction of mosques in their area if they do not want them. A 62%-majority says Muslims should have the same rights as other religious groups to build houses of worship in their local communities, while 13% say they don't know. Most Democrats (74%) and independents (65%) say Muslims should have the right to build mosques, while Republicans are split on whether Muslims should have the same rights as other groups or whether local communities should be able to prohibit mosques (47% to 42%). Asked specifically about plans to build an Islamic mosque and cultural center near the World Trade Center site in New York in the same survey, more Americans agree with those who object to the building of the center than with the supporters of the project (51% to 34%). Read More
It's all gone quiet over in the Wallaby camp, and that has the All Blacks on high alert ahead of their return Bledisloe Cup clash in the capital on Saturday night.
The All Blacks are always much more wary of the Australian threat when they're not looking to talk things up. They take that as a sign that focus and concentration is where it needs to be, internally rather than playing the game through the media.
After being walloped 47-29 in Sydney last Saturday night, the Wallaby bravado - so evident in the build-up to the Rugby Championship opener - has gone into shutdown. New coach Ewen McKenzie and their team are rightfully focused wholly and solely on fixing their own shortcomings, which in Steve Hansen's mind makes them a much more dangerous foe this week.
"They're obviously going to be more dangerous," said the All Blacks coach when asked about what they expected this week from a side that must win to keep their Bledisloe hopes alive.
"The first sign of that is they're not talking as much this week. If we were in their situation - and we were eight years ago - we would just shut down and get right into it.
"The mentality would be we've got to go out and prove a point. I'm sure that's what they're going to do, so we have to match that. They'll come out very physical, and they'll get [Will] Genia to kick the ball a lot more than what they did. They'll change the way they play.
"They came out [in Sydney] and thought they could run the ball from everywhere and made a lot of unforced errors. We capitalised on those, so they'll look to reduce them.
"We've just got to go out and play smart again and have preparation that allows us to turn up on Saturday with a real intensity and focus that we can get the job done."
The Wallabies are clearly the team with the greater upside. There's a lot about their ragged game in the opening test that can be improved, especially in their tactical approach where they were a distant second. Execution, too, left a bit to be desired and some of their tackling was pretty woeful.
But the All Blacks are also confident they can tighten their own game up. They got beaten to the punch at the breakdown early on and some of their lineout work was pretty average. The Wallabies also managed to punch a few holes in their defensive line.
Hansen feels the formula this week remains a mix of dealing with what the opposition brings, and getting your own side of the equation spot on.
"But first and foremost you've got to get yourself right. If we get ourselves right we've got a chance of being in the contest," they said, in somewhat of an understatement.
Asked if they had any words of advice for McKenzie this week in what is shaping as a turbulent beginning to their test head coaching career, Hansen's smile said it all.
"I probably gave them enough last week. This week he's not allowing me to do that so he's going pretty good."
The All Blacks coach was also not surprised that McKenzie was set to stick with the backline that badly under-performed in Sydney, with the addition of Brumbies flanker Scott Fardy for the injured Hugh McMenamin tipped to be the only selection change.
"Their issue last week was probably they hadn't had a lot of time together from a game point of view. That will improve them having had a test match, so I'm not surprised he's not going to change it."
Not only have the Wallabies gone quiet, but they also haven't panicked on the back of one bad performance. Their record against the All Blacks over the last decade is woeful - the New Zealanders are chasing their 11th straight Bledisloe series victory - but the turn-around has got to start somewhere and McKenzie's faith will have their men highly motivated.
The All Blacks' challenge is to continue to meet that determination with their own excellence. They are certainly braced for a serious sort of response at the Cake Tin on Saturday night.
Only from Cerro Colorado – a rocky outcrop that rears vertiginously over the treetops – is it possible to make out the vastness of the Gran Chaco as it stretches from this corner of Bolivia beyond the horizon into Paraguay. This enormous swath of dry forest and scrubland, where every plant or tree bears thorns, is South America's second largest wilderness after the Amazon rainforest.
The Gran Chaco is threatened on all sides: Mennonite cattle ranchers have bought up large tracts in Paraguay and Brazilian farmers looking for cheap land for their soy crops have flooded across the border.
The quarter of it that lies in Bolivia is the best preserved, but even its habitats have been disrupted by a gas pipeline and military operations against drug traffickers, whose camps have been spotted in the 34,000 sq km (13,000 sq miles) of Kaa-Iya del Gran Chaco national park. Bigger than Belgium, it is Bolivia's largest national park.
Erika Cuéllar, a Bolivian conservation biologist with an Oxford doctorate, is training the indigenous people of this expanse of dry forest totalling 1m sq km how to work as field biologists, giving them the means to make a living – and a stake in the rich biodiversity of the continent's second biggest ecosystem.
Cuéllar's vision is to turn young people from the Chaco's three main indigenous groups – the Guaraní, Ayoreo and Chiquitano – into what they call parabiologists. A parabiologist is akin to a paramedic, who can save lives but does not have the years of training of a medical doctor, they explained.
"These people are a part of the natural environment; they belong to this land. If they are not involved, I don't see how we can achieve the long-term conservation of the biodiversity of this area," they said, as they led a dozen trainees from Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina on a dawn survey of animal tracks.
Few people are adapted to the Chaco's 45C (113F) summer temperatures, freezing nights in the winter, lack of water and biting insects. Yet despite its aridity, the Chaco is home to more than 3,400 plant species, 500 species of birds and 150 mammal species including jaguars, pumas, peccaries, giant anteaters and even eight different types of armadillo ranging in size from 300g to 30kg.
"[The indigenous inhabitants] are the best people to tell you what is going on in the Chaco. I want to give them the option to stay in the area they know," said Cuéllar, who is half-Guaraní.
They explained that many were forced to take work on sugar plantations earning as little as 16 bolivianos (£1.50) for a tonne of cut and cleaned cane.
Communities in the Chaco nominate participants for the 400-hour course of modules from basic biology to mathematics. The students earn a formal certificate for learning how to use GPS, design research projects, collect data and present results.
"The idea of empowering and involving local people in conservation attracted attention," said Cuéllar, who in 2012 was awarded 100,000 Swiss francs (£69,000) under the Rolex award for enterprise. In 2001, they were successful in pushing through a ban on hunting guanacos, the wild ancestor of the llama, of which about 200 survive in the Chaco.
Cuéllar believes the parabiologist model can work in other Latin American countries with areas of rich biodiversity and indigenous populations.  They are a familiar face in the Guaraní villages near the Kaa-Iya national park, where the nasal, sing-song tones of the native tongue predominate over Spanish.
One of the motives for protecting the huge area was evidence of uncontacted indigenous Ayoreo families living in the heart of the Chaco. It is the only place in South America outside the Amazon where uncontacted indigenous people still live.
"As an indigenous Guaraní, being a parabiologist has helped me to protect my community," said Jorge Segundo, 40, a village leader and the most experienced of Cuéllar's 17 parabiologists.
Segundo's monthly wage of 3,500 bolivianos – handsome by local standards – has given them a stake in the Chaco's biodiversity, which supports a string of communities that hunt sustainably.
But despite their string of international awards, Cuéllar said conservation was not a priority for the government of President Evo Morales, which had shown no interest in supporting their efforts. "I can work for my entire life trying to protect the Chaco but only someone with political power can really protect this land," they said.
Yesterday I noted that most discussion of the growth effects of the Cut Cut Cut Act, such as they may be, focuses on the wrong measure. GDP might go up because lower corporate taxes will draw in foreign capital; but this capital will demand and receive returns, which mean that part of the gain in domestic production is offset by investment income received by foreigners. As a result, GNI – income of domestic residents – will rise less than GDP. And surely, as in Ireland with its leprechaun economy based on low corporate taxes, GNI is the measure you want to focus on.
Now, inspired by Greg Leiserson's post on problems with the Tax Foundation model – the only one that shows significant growth effects from Cut Cut Cut – I think I can give an illustration of how much this might matter. It relies on a stylized version of the TF model, which is a model I don't believe for a minute, so this isn't a real estimate. But it's a sort of proof of concept.
So, as Leiserson says, the TF model assumes that thanks to international capital mobility there's a fixed after-tax rate of return capital must earn. Cut the corporate tax rate, and capital flows in, driving down the pre-tax rate of return by just enough to offset the tax cut.
The following figure shows the story. Here r* is the required rate of after-tax return, t is the initial tax rate, t' the post Cut Cut Cut rate. MPK is the marginal product of capital curve. The tax cut leads to a capital inflow that moves the economy down that curve. The rise in GDP is the integral of all successive increments to capital, so it's the area a+b+c.
Photo
But the extra foreign capital, by assumption, receives the rate of return r*. So the area c is an addition to GDP but not to GNI; the true gain to the economy is only a+b.
Now let's create some stylized numbers. It looks as if 8% is a reasonable number for after-tax required return; with a 35% tax rate, this means a pre-tax rate of 12.3%. Cut the tax rate to 20%, and the pre-tax return should fall to 10%. The increment of capital should have a rate of return roughly halfway between, 11.15%.
Tax Foundation asserts that capital inflows will be enough to raise GDP more than 3%, which is wildly implausible. But let's go with it for the sake of argument. This means inflows of around 30 percent of pre-CCC GDP.
So how much does this raise foreign investment income? The answer is, 8% times 30%, or 2.4 percent of GDP out of a GDP rise of 3.45 percent in my example. In other words, the true gain to the US is 1.05%, not 3.45%. That's a big difference, and not in a good way.
The point is that even if you believe the whole “we're a small open economy so capital will come flooding in” argument, it buys you a lot less economic optimism than its proponents imagine.
QR Code Link to This Post
Location: Minneapolis
it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Can you sit for prolonged periods of time on my lap being super hot while I pwn n00bs?Are you as PHAT as leviathan stacked full of HoTs?Are you level 18 or higher ?Then you may have what it takes to be my Crystal MaidenReply with a pic... and I will do the same.Please no IRL fat messes.. I live an active lifestyle both in and out of the game.I'm a super nice guy, I don't gank on the first game, and I'll never try to gank you from behind.I'm in it for the long run, and will never leave a game before it's over.Yours Truly.Dota GhostP.S. I'm super serious about the level 18 stuff. I don't want to goto jail because I ganked a n00b.
Close
Alzheimer's Disease International (ADI) has released the World Alzheimer Report 2014, which suggests how to lower the risk for dementia.
Alzheimer's disease is the most common form of dementia which begins with a slight memory loss. The symptoms of the disease increases with age and in severe cases, an affected person may not be able to carry on with a conversation or respond to the weather.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that in 2013, around 5 million Americans were living with the disease and it may reach as high as 14 million by 2050.
ADI released [pdf] the report in a bid to raise awareness about the disease. The report also suggests that having control of several medical conditions may help reduce the risk of dementia. Experts also believe that a healthy lifestyle may diminish the risks of dementia.
"While age and genetics are part of the disease's risk factors, not smoking, eating more healthily, getting some exercise, and having a good education, coupled with challenging your brain to ensure it is kept active, can all play a part in minimising your chances of developing dementia. People who already have dementia, or signs of it, can also do these things, which may help to slow the progression of the disease," says Professor Graham Stokes, Global Director of Dementia Care, Bupa.
The report highlights that diabetes increases the risk of dementia by around 50 percent. People who want to reduce the chances of having dementia in later part of life should target factors such as obesity and inactiveness, which can lead to diabetes as well as hypertension.
People living in developed countries are focusing to improve their cardiovascular health. However, people in many low and middle income countries do not concentrate on cardiovascular health, which gives rise to heart diseases and potentially dementia.
The ADI report points out that quitting smoking after age 65 years may help people to control dementia. The report cites previous studies and suggests that dementia rate in non-smokers and in smokers under the age of 65 is similar. However, people who continue smoking after age 65 years are at higher risks of dementia.
The report also indicates that even though education does not lead to brain changes that cause dementia, but higher education can also lead to lowered risk of dementia at old age. The latest report reveals that if a person enters old age with healthier and better developed brains, then they are likely to live a longer life and at the same time reduce the risk of dementia.
ADI believes that dementia should be included on World Health Organization (WHO) and national non-communicable disease (NCD) planning.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
By HILLEL ITALIE, AP National Writer
NEW YORK (AP) — William Gass, a leading experimental writer of the 1960s and '70s who went on to become an award-winning essayist and translator and an influence on many younger writers, died Wednesday at age 93.
Gass died at their home in St. Louis, publisher Alfred A. Knopf announced. The cause of death wasn't immediately available.
"Bill was a master writer, thinker, inspirer and human being," Gass' longtime editor, Vicki Wilson, said in a statement. "His writing was important and daring."
Along with John Barth, John Hawkes and others, Gass was among a generation of writers who opened up, and often abandoned, traditional narration. They emphasized wordplay, digression and self-conscious references to storytelling. They were praised as risk-takers who liberated the art form, and chastised for self-indulgence, makers of abstract texts best suited for college seminars.
By the 21st century, their techniques, labeled "metafiction" by Gass, were widely used by leading writers such as David Foster Wallace, Dave Eggers and Jonathan Safran Foer. Wallace would call their debut work, "Omensetter's Luck," one of the "direly underappreciated" American novels of the late 20th century, and called Gass' prose "bleak but gorgeous, like light through ice".
Gass endured as only an author can — they wrote. They won three National Book Critics Circle prizes for criticism and four Pushcart Prizes for the best work published by small presses or magazines. They published the epic novel "The Tunnel" and the acclaimed "Reading Rilke," a translation and analysis of the German poet they long revered. They were active into their 90s and in 2015 released "Eyes: Novellas and Stories."
Knopf will publish an anthology of their work, "The William Gass Reader," on June 8.
Voted into the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1983, Gass never won a Pulitzer, but that, apparently, was for the better. The Pulitzer for fiction, they wrote in a 1985 essay, "takes dead aim at mediocrity and almost never misses; the prize is simply not given to work of the first rank, rarely even to the second; and if you believed yourself to be a writer of that eminence, you are now assured of being over the hill — not a sturdy mountain flower but a little wilted lily of the valley."
Gass managed the more secure position of faculty tenure, at Washington University (formerly known as Washington University in St. Louis). They and their second wife, Mary, lived in an ornately furnished Georgian-style house, with a vast personal library. They even earned a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame, where they ranked, alphabetically, between former "Today" show host Dave Garroway and baseball great Bob Gibson.
Gass was born in Fargo, North Dakota, in 1924, a Depression baby whose unhappy childhood (an abusive father, an alcoholic mother) scarred them so deeply that they would later say they wrote to "get even." They were also a glutton for books who treated each text as a plate they were required to clean. Studying at Cornell University, they had their first great literary encounter, sitting in on classes taught by the philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein.
"There was absolutely no small talk around. In fact, it annoyed him," Gass told The Associated Press in 1999. "He would take walks with a few other people and he'd whistle Mozart just to keep everybody else out of their head."
Influenced by Wittgenstein, Gass was taken by the aesthetics of language, how a word looked and sounded as opposed to what it meant. Gass was also a great admirer of Gertrude Stein, who treated plot and grammar as contrivances rather than natural components of literature.
"My stories are malevolently anti-narrative, and my essays are maliciously anti-expository," Gass once wrote. "I do not pretend to be in the possession of any secrets; I have no because I espouse; I do not presume to reform my readers, or attempt to flatter their egos either."
Gass taught at several colleges in the 1950s and managed to publish some fiction in the literary magazine Accent. Otherwise, their manuscripts were turned down countless times and one was stolen, requiring a complete revision. Only in 1966 did their first book, the novel "Omensetter's Luck," come out.
"I couldn't even get a letter to the editor published. It was a discouraging time, I must say," they recalled.
"Omensetter's Luck" and the story collection, "In the Heart of the Heart of the Country," brought Gass widespread attention. It was a great time for mass movements, both in art and in politics, and Gass felt they belonged to an international community of rule-breaking writers.
"(Italo) Calvino was just starting to discover himself. You had all the Latino writers and Guenter Grass. Everywhere, it was fantastic," Gass said.
But the times moved on, faster than did Gass. Their next full-length novel, "The Tunnel," would take more than 20 years to complete and sold little despite admiring reviews, a fate similar to shorter works of fiction such as "Willie Masters' Lonesome Wife."
Meanwhile, Gass established themselves as an essayist and critic. They won book critics circle prizes for "Habitations of the Word," ''Finding a Form" and "Tests of Time." They received, most proudly, a PEN/Nabokov award for lifetime achievement, and in 2007 was the winner of the Truman Capote Award for Literary Criticism.
"I have always been interested in miracles — not just the one we are presently celebrating, but especially in the secular kinds," they said in their acceptance speech for the Capote award. "A miracle is something that cannot happen, and shouldn't, and won't again, but has occurred all the same, despite laws, odds, expectations.
"To adorn nature with a new thing: that is the miracle that matters."
___
Corrects to Washington University from University of Washington.
It's not easy to contradict Congress, but its legislation to bar the use of the Russian RD-180 rocket engine from launching U.S. security payloads, as Robert Bunn so eloquently points out, is truly a classic example of shooting oneself in the foot. The relatively minuscule economic benefit Russia gains from the sale of these engines is dwarfed by the loss their eradication created in operational capability of U.S. security systems.
It was on my recommendation to Michael Wynne, then president of the General Dynamics Space Systems Division (GDSSD), that they issued the purchase order to NPO Energomash to develop the RD-180 for the Atlas launcher, designed and then operated by GDSSD. My recommendation was based on the fact that there was then (over 20 years ago!) no U.S. engine of comparable quality, performance, cost and reliability. By the way, there still isn't.
Note that at that time, in 1992, the RD-180 did not exist. My recommendation was to convert the 1.7-million-pound-thrust, four-chamber RD-170, the well-proven boost engine for the Soviet Energia launcher, into a half-scale (850,000-pound-thrust) two-chamber engine that used all the same proven elements of the RD-170.
Here is a quote from my recommendation (I was then a member of the GDSSD Executive Advisory Board):
“The 2-chamber version [of the RD-170] could be derated by 20% and still deliver more thrust than you need for all Atlas configurations, including 2AS [the solid-propellant-boosted version of Atlas, then its highest-thrust configuration]. The extra thrust margin of the derated two-chamber configuration would be extremely useful in allowing simplification of other Atlas systems. It also provides for evolutionary payload growth via incremental upgrades to full rated thrust. … Because the two-chamber RD-170 engine provides more-than-adequate thrust at little or no additional cost, operating derated significantly increases its reliability, with attendant economic benefits to Atlas. …
“The next step would be for you … to write up a set of specifications for the propulsion system and solicit a proposal from Energomash to perform and deliver a preliminary design study which meets those specifications. The study should of course include the specifications, schedule, and cost of the development effort needed to deliver a flight-qualified engine to GDSSD, as well as production-phase data such as delivered engine prices, reliability information, performance and schedule guarantees, and details of the Atlas interface modifications GDSSD would need to provide. …
“I believe, incidentally, that the [then-current] political barriers to hardware transactions will fall (or at least be substantially weakened) within the next year.”
The contract with Energomash was subsequently fulfilled, and when GDSSD later merged into Martin Marietta and then into Lockheed Martin, the RD-180 was integrated into the experimental Atlas 2AR (“R” for Russian), which evolved into the Atlas 3 and then into today's Atlas 5, which has now flown 59 times with 100 percent success. Wynne, who later became secretary of the Air Force, has often cited the RD-180 decision as the best one they made during their tenure at GDSSD.
Meanwhile, however, the U.S. Air Force had expressed concern over reliance on a Russian engine for its national security payload launches, so Energomash and (then) Pratt & Whitney created a joint venture, Amross, to develop and manufacture a U.S. version of the RD-180 (and meanwhile to serve as the contracting agent for RD-180 purchases from Energomash). I had then worked as a consultant to Pratt & Whitney on that “U.S. RD-180” effort, which never succeeded due primarily to the paucity of funding from the Air Force, exacerbated by what appeared to be irreconcilable differences in Russian and U.S. shop practices and materials specifications.
So what is arguably the best heavy-lift liquid-propellant rocket engine in the world today continues to be manufactured exclusively in Russia.
There's an interesting sidebar to the argument that the United States can and should develop such an engine, one that would be comparable to (or better than) the RD-180. When Orbital ATK suffered an engine failure on its Antares launch vehicle loss in October 2014, its intensive search for a replacement came up with the RD-181, another Russian engine (closely related to the RD-180) as the best choice. Moreover, the company's interim launch choice for the Cygnus capsule, until the RD-181 could be integrated into the Antares launcher, was the Atlas 5 — powered by the Russian RD-180. And Orbital ATK has a well-deserved reputation as a very technically savvy company.
I do agree with Mr. Bunn that the United States should devote maximum effort to the development of an indigenous heavy-lift rocket engine comparable to the RD-180. Despite the still-smooth coordination with Russia on the International Space Station and the successful post-shuttle use of Russian Soyuz vehicles to transport crew and supplies to the station, Congress' concern about reliance on Russia following its invasion of Crimea is certainly justified. But the development, integration and reliability demonstration of a new large U.S. liquid-propellant rocket engine cannot be accomplished for years to come. Therefore, Congress should recognize, as Mr. Bunn has so clearly stated, that until that happens, U.S. economics and national security require us to continue using the best large rocket engine in the world — the Russian RD-180.
Jerry Grey was a member of the General Dynamics Space Systems Division Executive Advisory Board when the RD-180 was created. They were a professor of aerospace engineering at Princeton University, director of science and technology policy at the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and president of the International Astronautical Federation.  They are an honorary fellow of the AIAA and a fellow of Great Britain's Royal Aeronautical Society.
In a courtyard caked with clay, a young Kenyan girl plays with a hula hoop their father just made them out of objects they found among the scraps from their bicycle repair business. The first scene of "Eye in the Sky" shows the challenge a villager might face of resisting the influence of Al­Shabab when the father is forced to stop their daughter from playing in the presence of a "fanatic."
Every day, their daughter goes out to sell bread, which is not something a young girl might be allowed to do in a conflict ridden country. But this is Kenya, not Waziristan or Somalia. The setting of this film is taking place in a peaceful country, one that the British have decades of experience in dealing with, which is presumably why the British are taking charge of this mission.
Zooming out, we are now confronted with the "Eye in the Sky", a MQ­9 Reaper equipped with two Hellfire missiles with a kill radius of roughly 50 feet (15 meters) and a wounding radius of 65 feet (15 meters). Early into the film, the Colonel played by Helen Mirren has a confrontation with an airman about why they decided to use these missiles instead of the GBU-12's that Mirren requested. The airman replied that due to the mission requirements, they went for the lightest load to allow for the longest loitering time. Mirren very early on showed a disconnect that we have all experienced between senior leadership and enlisted. The GBU­-12 is a 500 lbs. explosive with a casualty radius of 200­-300 feet with a 50% kill ratio. If they had gone with a GBU­-12, it would have destroyed every home surrounding the target, and they would have most likely killed way more civilians than they would have wanted. If the Colonel had their way, this may have looked more like reality. The reality being, that the majority of strikes have no smoking gun. More often than not, the majority of strikes have no individual who is just hours away from blowing themselves up at a mall standing in a room with several high value targets. There is no covert operator on the ground in the majority of cases to fly a mUAV (hummingbird/ beetle) up to, or into a house. The beetle mUAV is not quite there yet from anything we've seen, although it may become operational in the not too distant future. This can be evidenced by the bombing of two aid workers being held hostage by militants in Pakistan. US citizen Warren Weinstein and Italian citizen Giovanni La Porto would not have died if such technologies were broadly used. Most importantly, the imagery is not as good as portrays, not even remotely, and this has more to do with bandwidth limitations than anything. We do believe that people would be outraged if people actually saw what has been used up till now, but we think it would most certainly make for a less visually stimulating film. Our primary concern is that it may give uncritical theater­goers the impression that this form of warfare may be the most humane and precise way to fight transnational conflicts.
With that said, we have agreed by consensus that this film is commendable in displaying the immensity of this program which spans across the globe. It alludes to several issues that might arise from such an environment like the fudging of data and the diffusion of responsibility for deaths on the ground, as well as the fact that drone strikes might be used as a recruiting tool for the very organizations that are being targeted. It was not the drone personnel who were there to take the girl to the hospital for the father but the fighters, and that is a really important point that might reveal why the more we bomb, the more militants there seems to be.
The film did a great job at portraying the schizophrenic all encompassing work environment that people in the program face. The use of the doll for the general's daughter and the "I'm going to need you back here in 12 hours" were excellent. It gave a real sense of the dual existence in all facets of the drone community. The conversation between the young sensor operator and the pilot early on demonstrated their youth, in addition to some of their economic and social reasons for joining. Their isolation from decision makers and the rest of the drone program was also very apparent throughout the film. Another aspect is distance between stakeholders and the mission. The Defense Minister being on the toilet with food poisoning, or the US Secretary of State not wanting to be interrupted from their ping pong in China definitely paints a perception that many of us share about the overall disconnect. We appreciated that this film went beyond the perspective of the pilot and the sensor operator, and though it may have been even better if the Imagery Analysts had more of a role, it managed to portray the moral weight that is carried in multiple roles of the mission.
Much of the film seemed to provide a morality exercise demonstrating complexities that should always be thought out or at least considered, indeed these are people's lives we're talking about after all. The film seems to attempt to make an honest attempt that these are humans, not "targets." The humanization of the child, and the "terrorists" who take the child to the hospital worked to display a human aspect of those we might call "targets" or "collateral damage." By the end, the "good guys" and the "bad guys" seem less clear, although the sympathy for the perpetrators seems stronger. Viewers might describe the whole ordeal as tragic rather than satisfying, as one might feel after a pro­war film like "Saving Private Ryan." From our experiences, it's not quite as straightforward, it is considerably more complex, and the characters of the individuals involved in these strikes aren't always as considerate of who lives or dies. The audience could walk away missing that.
It is currently Wed Feb 27, 2019 2:24 am
Boldering Forum Topics Posts Last post Bouldering
918 Topics 29330 Posts Last post by
Thu Feb 21, 2019 2:01 am by FreeHueco Thu Feb 21, 2019 2:01 am
Beta
9 Topics 49 Posts Last post by
Sun Feb 17, 2019 7:06 pm by RockPharmer Sun Feb 17, 2019 7:06 pm
Login • Register Username: Password: | Log me on automatically each visit
Who is online
In total there are 2 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 2 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Most users ever online was 146 on Sun Nov 18, 2012 6:35 am
Registered users: No registered users
Legend: Administrators, Global moderators
Statistics
Total posts 29379 • Total topics 943 • Total members 2900 • Our newest member saquince
Absolute Immunity for Prosecutors Creates the Classic “Lemons Problem”
Public officials argue that to be able to carry out their duties, laws must protect them from lawsuits by disgruntled individuals or those harmed by wrongful actions of government agents. The U.S. Supreme Court especially has protected prosecutors, granting them absolute immunity as long as they committed wrongful acts within the scope of their legal duties.
Advocates argue that unless prosecutors receive such drastic protection, those charged and sometimes convicted – guilty or not – will bury prosecutors under a blizzard of lawsuits for misconduct. Yet, as we see with the infamous Pottawattamie County vs. McGhee, one also can argue that prosecutorial immunity also create conditions for a legal version of a “Lemons Problem,” in which prosecutors are encouraged to present false information as being true and jurors and the public can be fooled.
In 1977, police and prosecutors in Council Bluffs, Iowa, desperately wanted to solve the murder of a former police officer there. The district attorney, David Richter, faced an election the next year, and they wanted to keep their job.
Despite having good evidence that led to the trail of the potential killer, Richter and police charged two black teenagers, Terry Harrington and Curtis McGhee, who lived in neighboring Nebraska, and tried them for murder. What followed was a nightmare for the two young men, one of whom was the captain of their high school football team. Richter, their assistant, Joseph Hrvol, and the police zeroed in on the two young men, even to the point of ignoring evidence that would have taken them elsewhere.
What followed was a frame-up, and the state convinced an all-white jury in 1978 that Harrington and McGhee were guilty. The star witness for the state was a 16-year-old boy who, to be charitable, was quite unreliable:
Harrington (after being convicted and given a life sentence in prison) struck up a friendship with the prison barber, who petitioned for the police records in their case. According to defense lawyers, those records not only disclosed how police and prosecutors had coached Hughes until their story matched the facts, and how other witnesses were coerced into lying, but that the records also showed that police and prosecutors had withheld evidence that pointed to another suspect. They had identified a white man named Charles Gates, who had been seen with a shotgun near the scene of the crime. Gates, the brother-in-law of a Council Bluffs Fire Department captain, was interviewed and failed a polygraph. But prosecutors and police abandoned their interest in them in favor of Harrington, who was not even offered a polygraph.
Harrington appealed their conviction and, after serving 25 years, finally had their case heard before the Iowa Supreme Court, which overturned the verdict, the court declaring that the state's main witness was a “liar and perjurer.” Harrington and McGhee sued the prosecutors and won at the district and appellate levels in part because Richter and Hrvol had taken an active role in the actual investigation, working alongside the Council Bluffs police.
Not surprisingly, even though the state admitted it had used perjured testimony and police and prosecutors had manufactured evidence, the prosecutors through their attorneys argued that they could not be sued for misconduct because the U.S. Supreme Court in its 1976 Imbler vs. Pachtman decision ruled that prosecutors acting within the scope of their duties enjoy absolute immunity from civil lawsuits. Attorneys for Richter and Hrvol argued to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2009 that prosecutors were protected even if they broke the law and purposely pursued false charges:
The prosecutors counter that there is "no freestanding constitutional right not to be framed." Stephen Sanders, the lawyer for the prosecutors, will tell the Supreme Court on Wednesday that there is no way to separate evidence gathered before trial from the trial itself. Even if a prosecutor files charges against a person knowing that there is no evidence of their guilt, says Sanders, "that's an absolutely immunized activity." (Emphasis mine)
Iowa authorities settled with Harrington and McGhee for large sums of money before SCOTUS could make a decision, however, leaving it to a future court to revisit prosecutorial immunity.
Moving beyond the obviously outrageous defense of immunity – the claim that people have no right not to be framed by authorities – let us look at the incentive structures that prosecutors face. In a recent Mises article, Chris Calton argues that the current justice system creates a “commons” in which the benefits of a conviction flow to individual players in the system – judges, prosecutors, and police – but the costs of incarceration are borne by the taxpayers. While one can argue that “society” gains some immeasurable benefits from conviction of violent and dangerous criminals, the real beneficiaries are officials who make a living in that system.
The Lemons Problem
In their famous “Lemons” paper in 1970, George Akerlof wrote that markets might break down if parties involved in market transactions faced information asymmetries. They used the example of used cars, noting that buyers often cannot tell the difference between a “good” used car and one that is a “lemon” and has a high likelihood of breaking down soon after the purchase.
Despite Akerlof's claim that information asymmetries constitute a “market failure” that should be rectified by government intervention, we have seen (especially with development of the Internet) market players create a number of information mechanisms that enable buyers and sellers to make informed decisions.
Criminal trials are not market-based events, but, nonetheless, guilt and innocence depend upon all of the participants – and especially jurors – having correct information presented to them within the rules of due process. People rightfully are disturbed by wrongful convictions.
Prosecutors have huge incentives to convict, and benefits of winning convictions are likely to outweigh any potential costs. More convictions mean electoral victories (many members of Congress are former prosecutors), raises for staff attorneys, and prestige.
The main cost is the levying of legal sanctions for misconduct. However, unlike most professionals that have to weigh the potential costs of lawsuits should they fail to satisfy a customer or client, prosecutors don't have to worry about lawsuits, and it is extremely rare for prosecutors ever to face any legal sanctions even for the most egregious of behavior.
It isn't just Pottawattamie. The list is endless. From the infamous Duke Lacrosse Case in which prosecutor Michael Nifong broke state and federal criminal laws but only lost their law license, to the “expert witness” scandals in Mississippi in which Dr. Steven Hayne gave testimony (for the prosecution) in hundreds of criminal cases that many prosecutors knew was false, to the prosecutorial scandals in Orange County, California, we see a reoccurring pattern: prosecutors suborn perjury, lie to judges and jurors, and fabricate evidence favorable to their cases, with the very rare prosecutor ever punished for dishonest conduct.
With the odds ever in their favor, unscrupulous prosecutors are rewarded for lying and presenting false information. Like the stereotypical used car salesperson that foists lemons onto hapless customers, the law incentivizes prosecutors to win at all costs, and they do so with frightening regularity.
CLOSE Archaeologist Stacy Tchorzynski explains why the petroglyphs mean so much to tribes and to scientists Dave Wasinger/Lansing State Journal
One of the images left by vandals at the Sanilac Petroglyphs Historic State Park. (Photo: Michigan Department of Natural Resources)
GREENLEAF TWP. — Vandals have defaced the centuries-old Sanilac petroglyphs, according to a news release from the Michigan Department of Natural Resources,
“We are all deeply saddened by this disrespectful act,” said Sandra Clark, director of the Michigan History Center, which interprets the petroglyphs for the public, in the news release. “The petroglyphs were created by people who lived in what is now Michigan centuries ago. They are part of all of our history, and they have a deep spiritual meaning for many Anishinabek who live in the Great Lakes Region today.”
According to the news release, someone broke in at the Sanilac Petroglyphs Historic State Park, which is in Greenleaf Township in Sanilac County, and carved three images.
"It came as big shock to us as well," said Erik Rodriguez, director or public relations for the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan.
"We haven't gotten all the details from the Michigan History Center. I'm not sure how they broke in."
They said the tribe is working with the state to find ways to secure the petroglyph site
More: Rare petroglyphs in Michigan provide link to Native American past
"This is one of the things that connects us to our ancestors, to our history," Rodriguez said. "... For somebody to come in and, with something that is so significant to us, for somebody to come in and vandalize it, that's heartbreaking to us."
The petroglyphs are carved into a 40-by-20-foot piece of sandstone near the Cass River. They were uncovered when the Great Thumb Fire of 1881 burned away the vegetation.
"These are the only ones (in Michigan) that have been uncovered to this time," Rodriguez said.
One of the images left by vandals at the Sanilac Petroglyphs Historic State Park. (Photo: Michigan Department of Natural Resources)
According to the news release, the petroglyphs are called "ezhibiigaadek asin" in the Anishinabemowin language, which translates to "written on stone."
“The Sanilac Petroglyphs are one of the most important connections we have to our past within the region,” said Tribal Chief Frank Cloutier, of the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan, in the news release. “The stories that are handed down from generation to generation thread our past to the present. We need to preserve 'diba jimooyung' (‘telling our stories').
“Pictures, stories and our language are all we have that identifies our Anishinabek people,” they added. “Without proper protections of these ancient treasures we run the risk of losing precious sacred information. My community needs these treasures protected and secured. The Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan will do everything we can to partner with the state of Michigan to assist with this.”
The DNR and the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan ask that anyone with information about the persons who defaced the Sanilac Petroglyphs call or text the DNR Report All Poaching hotline at (800) 292-7800. Information also can be shared on the DNR web-based RAP reporting form at https://secure1.state.mi.us/rap/.
People can qualify for a reward, provided by the Michigan History Center, if they submit information that leads to the arrest and conviction of the vandals.
"We urge the public to be our added eyes and ears in the field to assist Michigan's state parks and recreation system in protecting these and other cultural treasures from such senseless acts of vandalism," said Ron Olson, chief of DNR Parks and Recreation Division, in the news release. "Please alert park rangers and staff if you witness any suspicious activity that may threaten this area."
Buy Photo The Bow Man is the best-known of the Sanilac Petroglyphs. (Photo: Bob Gross, Times Herald)
Rodriguez said the tribe wants the individuals who vandalized the petroglyphs brought to justice, but also wants to make sure others know about the importance of the carvings.
"We hope that we can identify the vandals who did this and explain the significance (of the petroglyphs)," they said.
Contact Bob Gross at (810) 989-6263 or rgross@gannett.com. Follow them on Twitter @RobertGross477.
Read or Share this story: http://bwne.ws/2xU6xCy
What is rotten in today's Germany? Angela Merkel and those who pay her; that's what.
by Our Swiss Correspondent
SOME 200,000 Jews have rushed back to Germany since the 1990s. With them have come the usual greasy corruption, lies, and deception of the public. (ILLUSTRATION: Merkel receives an award from B'nai B'rith Europe)
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is opening German borders wide open to alien invaders. Because of Merkel's treason, about 300,000 Muslim invaders are pouring in from the Middle East into Germany every month! How many exactly, nobody knows. They do not always bravely register in official government centers…
You might wonder why this is happening. The answer is easy. Merkel is sold out to the Jews. A good sign of this is that they have received no fewer than 18 major Jewish awards since 2004. Eighteen major Jewish awards in ten years! These awards have meant a lot of money to Merkel — Jewish money. This money can be considered akin to corruption. Jewish money never comes without strings attached. All of these awards are for their strong anti-White and anti-German stance. These 18 Jewish prizes were given to Merkel explicitly for their anti-White and pro-Jewish services (for fighting against “antisemitism and racism” — and for supporting Israel). So many prizes, and so much money, means that the Jews are very satisfied with their services. Indeed, they attack, at every opportunity, anyone who opposes Jewish power or who objects to the alien invasion. And now they are sacrificing the whole of Germany to millions of Muslim barbarians.
Merkel is opening Germany's borders in exchange for Jewish money and for Jewish media support. Indeed, they get very good media coverage all the time. This is good for their political career. In Jewish-German media (Bild, Zeit, Welt, Frankfurter…) as well as in Jewish-American media (Time, Newsweek, New York Times, Los Angeles Times…), they are depicted as a hero, a defender of human rights, a “moral conscience,” a smart politician… you name it.
Awards and “Distinctions” Received by Merkel
• Vision for Europe award by Edmond Israel Foundation; 14.11.2006
• Stateswoman of the Year 28.11.2007
• Prix Leo-Baeck, the highest award of German Jewry; for their work in favor of Jews and Israel; 06.11.2007
• World Statesman Award; Appeal of Conscience foundation, New York; 25.09.2007
• Honorary doctor of philosophy degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem; 01.04.2007
• Gold Medal for Outstanding Services, the B'nai B'rith “Europe Award of Merit” (the highest distinction of B'nai B'rith Europe); 11.03.2008
• World Statesman Award; Appeal of Conscience foundation, New York; 02.12.2008
• Prix Eric M. Warburg of Atlantic Bridge, founded in honor of Jewish German banker Eric Warburg (1900-1990), in the USA since 1938; 25.06.2009
• Honoris causa doctorate from New School for Social Research; 19.02.2009
• German Media Prize (Deutscher Medienpreis) in Baden-Baden; 09.02.2010
• Leo Baeck Medaille, Leo-Baeck-Institut, New York; for helping to “reconcile Germans and Jews”; 21.09.2010
• Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest US civil award; 07.06.2011
• Light Unto the Nations Award; American Jewish Committee; 20.01.2011
• Doctorate honoris causa from Tel Aviv University; 01.02.2011
• Respect and Tolerance Prize from Berlin Jewish Museum; 24.10.2011
• Heinz Galinski Award; 27.11.2012
• Prix Lord Jakobovits, from European Jewry for condemning any opposition to Jewish power in Europe; 22.05.2013
• Honor Medal, from Israel's president, for fighting against any opposition to alien invasion and Jewish power; 25.02.2014
Another huge scandal is right now brewing in Germany. It has been revealed that the German Committee for the world football championship has paid millions to the International Football Federation to obtain for Germany the world football championship in 2006.
You might wonder how brave and honest Germans could endeavor to go as far as to pay millions in bribes to high-ranking officials in the international sports federation ? The reason is simple. They aren't Germans! It was the vice-president of the German World Cup Committee, the Jew Fedor Radmann, who secretly obtained millions from Robert Louis-Dreyfus, the Jewish then-boss of the Adidas sporting goods company, to corrupt international football officials.
A subsidiary of Adidas, Infront Sports & Media AG, had bought in 2002 all media rights for the World Cup. Infront wanted to make sure that the next championship would really take place in Germany. Robert Louis-Dreyfus thus paid the German football federation buckets of money (an estimated 10 million euros) to buy the 2006 world cup.
* * *
Source: Swiss Correspondent
Thematic Dossier XV: Daesh in Afghanistan
IS fighter distributes propaganda material to inhabitants of Kot district. - - December 2016
The terrorist attack on the Iraqi Embassy in Kabul on 31 July 2017 – by a suicide car bomber and three gunmen – has once more directed attention to the activity of local groups that have declared their allegiance to the so-called Islamic State (IS, also known ISIS, ISIL or Daesh) and its local, Afghan-Pakistani ‘franchise', the Islamic State Khorasan Province (ISKP). The group, which has recently suffered significant loss of territory and the killing of three consecutive amirs in coalition air strikes, and has failed to profit from the Taleban split in 2015, appears to increasingly uses urban terrorism as a means to show its continued presence. This dossier brings together all AAN's dispatches and publications on ISKP, illustrating the group's initial emergence and consolidation, how it is increasingly under siege and what this means for the group's appeal and activities.
The Afghan-Pakistani ‘franchise' of the Syria- and Iraq-centred Islamic State or Daesh, the Islamic State Khorasan Province (ISKP), has had a tough time from the very beginning. Daesh in Afghanistan first surfaced in 2014 in the form of splinter groups led by disenchanted Taleban commanders-turned-Salafists, who sought to claim the label and allegiance with the wider Islamic State. These groups were quickly decimated in five of the six provinces where they emerged and most of their leaders were killed – mainly by the Taleban who tried to prevent a home-grown rival insurgency group from gaining a foothold on what they considered their own battleground.
After several statements of allegiance had been ignored by IS Central in Raqqa (Syria), finally the leader of one of the groups, based in the eastern Afghan province of Nangarhar, won recognition as the head of IS' ‘provincial' chapter for Khorasan, an area that historically encompasses large parts of Persian-speaking Central Asia. This was also the group that survived the Taleban onslaught and the later attacks by Afghan and US troops, aided by the location of its bases in areas that have historically been beyond the control of the Afghan central government, its proximity to Pakistan's tribal areas and the influx of splinter groups of Tehrik-e Taleban-e Pakistan (the last three late ISKP amirs were of Pakistani origin).
The ‘decapitation' of ISKP has been underway for over two years now, as the US military stepped up its military campaign, mainly through air strikes, against the group in Nangarhar – most notably in April 2017 with the dropping of the massive, though largely ineffective, ‘Mother of All Bombs'. The group has also been facing internal differences, between the more radical Central Asian fighters and the locally better entrenched and more powerful Pakistani leaders.
However, in the face of all these pressures, ISKP has so far shown its resilience. Recruits continue to travel to Nangarhar, from various provinces of Afghanistan as well as from Pakistan, as the group's appeal to the radicalised sectors of society does not seem to be fading. ISKP might be less adept at protecting its leaders, but it has proved to be a tough fighting force and has been able to present itself as a significant player when it comes to massive urban terrorist attacks (although not necessarily all attacks claimed by ISKP were indeed implemented by them).
In this latest AAN Thematic Dossier we group all of AAN's dispatches and other publications about ISKP so far, under three headings: (1) ISKP's emergence (2014-15); (2) ISKP's consolidation in Nangrahar and its branching out into terrorist attacks elsewhere (2015-16); (3) ISKP under attack but hitting back (2017).
ISKP's emergence (2014-15)
Messages in Chalk: ‘Islamic State' haunting Afghanistan?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 17 November 2014
The Shadows of ‘Islamic State' in Afghanistan: What threat does it hold?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 12 February 2015
First wave of IS attacks? Claim and denial over the Jalalabad bombs
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 22 April 2015
External AAN Publication: Daesh and Taleban in Afghanistan
Auhtors: Thomas Ruttig
Date: 17 November 2015
ISKP's consolidation in Nangrahar and branching out (2015-16)
The Islamic State in ‘Khorasan': How it began and where it stands now in Nangarhar
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 27 July 2016
The Attack on the American University in Kabul (2): Who did it and why?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 5 September 2016
Descent into chaos: Why did Nangarhar turn into an IS hub?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 27 September 2016
With an Active Cell in Kabul, ISKP Tries to Bring Sectarianism to the Afghan War
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 19 October 2016
Carnage in Ghor: Was Islamic State the perpetrator or was it falsely accused? Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 23 November 2016
ISKP's Battle for Minds: What are its main messages and who do they attract?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 12 December 2016
ISKP under attack but hitting back (2017)
What to Watch? Key issues to follow in Afghanistan in 2017
Authors: AAN Team
Date: 27 January 2017
Mother of All Bombs' Dropped on ISKP: Assessing the aftermath
Authors: Borhan Osman, Kate Clark, Martine van Bijlert
Date: 15 April 2017
The Battle for Mamand: ISKP under strain, but not yet defeated
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 23 May 2017
A Black Week in Kabul: Terror and protests
Authors: Martine van Bijlert, Thomas Ruttig
Date: 4 June 2017
A Black Week in Kabul (2): Who are the most likely perpetrators?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 7 June 2017
Another ISKP leader “dead”: Where is the group headed after losing so many amirs?
Authors: Borhan Osman
Date: 23 July 2017
Tagged with: Daesh, ISIS, ISKP
Thematic Category:
Gypsy Bite customers show an outpouring of support for an ailing food vendor from Superstore.
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
He's Langley's version of the food truck guy – without the truck.
Miguel is always “that” guy, the one with a big smile on their face, a boisterous ‘hello' to passersby, and cool music emanating from their food stand in front of the Langley Real Canadian Superstore for years. All that, and the smell of fried onions, invariably brings a smile to the faces of customers coming and going from the grocery store.
Miguel has become a real favourite for many.
Today, their popularity is apparent by the sheer number of posted notes that are currently pinned to the gate of their hotdog shack.
Since Miguel became sick about two weeks ago and was forced to close up shop – hopefully only temporarily – their fans and friends have covered the gate outside their Gypsy Bite food stand with notes, well wishes, and even a few balloons.
There are so many notes – some that have even fallen off and flown back into their concession – that the management at Superstore are today working on erecting a better and larger board for all the public messages, said assistant manager Ian Danis.
They have only been with the store since March, but has been with the company more than 20 years. Even in that short time, Danis has gotten to know Miguel is a “very friendly man, always with a smile on their face.”
In fact, they are such a “popular community icon” that the company made an exception in keeping their hotdog stand open when all others were closed down.
“He's a big draw,” Danis said. “He's so popular… He's a good character to have around. He's got a great sense of humour. He's always got a smile. He's just a great guy to have around.”
In the days since Miguel have been MIA, Danis said their staff get constant questions about their whereabouts and health.
“There's a lot of love for the guy. He's very popular in town,” noting that the get well message board was erected just a few days after they went off sick.
Among the many notes telling Miguel they are missed, wishing them a speedy recovery, hoping he's feeling better, and telling them to get well soon, many more personalized notes have been added.
The Briggs family posted: “We miss your enthusiasm and fantastic music!! Thoughts + wishes.”
Josh wrote: “Love your positive attitude and permanent smile.!!”
“It's not the same without you,” wrote Dan, Elsa, and Lucas.
“The hot dogs are waiting,” said Kiko.
“We miss your hellos while shoping,” The Pranks wrote.
The Hsiang family added: “Dear Happy Mister, Thanks for always being the sunshine in our lives. You're truly an important member of our family.”
“We pray for you,” Mark and Nancy wrote.
Chris Shaxon, who has worked at Superstore for two years, was among those who put up a note. He's also trying to visit with people inquiring about their friend.
“Miguel knows we care. He'd probably be bawling their eyes out if they could see the kind of support that everyone is showing,” Shaxon said.
Even an eight-year-old from the neighbourhood, Jayce Wright, scribbled a quick note for Miguel, saying they missed him.
“He's just so nice,” Jayce said, “I hope he's back soon.”
Jayce's mother, Liz, added: “He's been here forever. The community just adores him. He's just an amazing guy.”
A man with a following
There was a public outcry back in 2009, when it looked like Miguel was going to have to move or close their stand, based on a corporate decision back East.
But a collective choir of some 5,000 customers and fans apparently rallied behind Miguel, and not only did Superstore reverse its decision and allowed them to stay, but provided Miguel with a lockable covered shelter for their food stand.
Back then, Jimmy James of Richmond wrote on a Topix internet forum: “Thanks to people rallying together and voicing their opinions, Miguel at the Langley superstore was able to stay! Good going everyone! Our community would be losing a real treasure if we lost Miguel. Anyone that's been there knows what I mean.”
Dave from Calgary wrote: “OH…SO….MIGUEL is staying…..WOW…Vow…..GOD Bless…good HOTDog eat'n…..Onward…..eh…..thank yous', too, to the Langley Superstore….eh…”
Around the same time, the Bliss family of Surrey wrote: “Miguel is a very good reason why we shop at Superstore. If Miguel goes, so do we.”
Patti Dell of Surrey also wrote in: “I've only been in the Langley area for 1.5 years, but as soon as I saw Miguel's face I knew who they were right away! For a man to have their work ethics in this lazy world we are living in is outstanding and should be rewarded…  They are an outstanding man, smiling every day and bringing our ever growing community a bit closer as it should be.”
Darian K. of Gastown spoke up about Miguel on Yelp, saying: “Fun hot dog guy Miguel outside is always good for a conversation.”
A blog called Kitsch 'n' Stone Soup ran a segment called “Taking a Stand for the Hotdog Man.”
A big part of their diatribe was focused on Miguel. They called them a “monumental individual that sort of became a landmark” in their mind.
“Each time I shopped, they stood there like a beacon in my memory; tanned skin, crazy wild hair, beanie hat, and hobo gloves. Dark framed glasses dwindle their big eyes and their 1,000 watt smile is hard to miss at the back of the monstrous parking lot that you think – that man's face is all teeth.
“His smile makes your day. It doesn't necessarily mean that you'll buy a hotdog, but you feel like you're at home when you step inside that store.”
They said Miguel became a friend that they had never met, until one day the writer and their roomie chose to pay it forward and delivered a card and a huge Starbucks coffee to the “hotdog man.”
“We heard about their life in South America. We had to put our sunglasses on when they saw the coffee. They radiated with astonishment. As much as they are all teeth, they are also all voice. They yelled their thanks across the expansive parking lot as it echoed through the valley.”
Later, when they heard through Facebook that there was a group fighting to Save Miguel the Hotdog Man, they joined in the letter-writing campaign.
“I joined the group in a furious rage and send Galen Westen, the president to the monumental President Choice brand a rant the length of my forearm explaining that they could not get rid of Miguel because it wasn't going to solve the solution to the problem of finding food tenants for the inside spaces at the Langley location. As one of the 5,000 individuals from Langley that spoke up, I can safely say that I stood up and spoke. And as a result, Miguel has kept their job.”
The blogger was glad they took a stance.
“Perhaps it was all a wild and crazy rumour but I was willing to take a stand to keep what keeps the Langley community unique. Who knows if their job was ever in jeopardy,” they penned.
“But the point is that Miguel and I are actually now on a first name basis, I feel like I somehow made a difference in their life…”
On the Gypsy Bite Facebook page, there's limited action. About a year ago, Joseph Zichterman Jr. posted five star, saying “Miguel is fantastic. Always remembers names, has a great story, and knows how to give people exactly what they want (whether it's silence or conversation).”
It's obvious, just by the outpouring of support, that Miguel has touched many people's lives over the years.
Anyone wishing to send them a comment is invited to do so here. They will be printed out and added to their board.
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The gate is locked shut on the Gypsy Bite food concession outside the Langley Superstore. Balloons and countless posted notes with well wishes to the ailing shop owner have been added. (Roxanne Hooper/Langley Advance)
The first week of August 2011 will be remembered as a singularly irrational, wasteful and shameful moment in the political and economic history of the United States. It reflected much of what is wrong with the priorities of our political elites and the obsessions of those who now hold effective veto power over our government.
It began with the world hanging on to every development in the debt-ceiling negotiations as it fretted over whether Washington's dysfunction would lead to American default and global calamity. Even robustly pro-American commentators and politicians wondered aloud if the United States could still govern itself.
Yet by Thursday, even though default was averted through a deal that largely capitulated to Republican demands, calamity arrived anyway. Around the world, markets imploded. The debt-ceiling crisis artificially created by right-wing American politicians didn't matter nearly as much as the dangerous fragility of the global economy and Europe's far more profound debt crisis.
And to complete this portrait of fecklessness, Standard & Poor's, which once happily and profitably stamped triple-A ratings on rip-off mortgage-backed securities, ended the week by downgrading the federal government's creditworthiness. S&P once caved to pressure from Goldman Sachs in its rating of private securities, yet it refused even to pause in its dissing of American creditworthiness despite the Obama administration's successful challenge to some of its numbers. We need to learn far more about what forces pushed S&P to this outlandish and highly politicized decision.
In our fixation with a deeply ideological debate over government spending, we have lost track of what really matters. Washington, acting in concert with other nations, should be focused on creating jobs and restoring growth. It needs to deal with a housing mess and personal debts that have destroyed the balance sheets of millions of households. It needs to increase consumer purchasing power. And it should be expanding public investments in the nation's future, not cutting them.
Yet the world is looking to the United States to help power a recovery and provide leadership at a time when we are suffocatingly inward-looking — and when ultra-conservatives are so dogmatic about slashing government that they are prepared to boot away our nation's influence. Default? No problem.
“We weren't kidding around, either,” Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told The Post. “We would have taken it down.” They said it with pride, yet the “it” involved the American economy and America's standing around the globe. This is patriotism?
Watching the week that was from abroad has been sobering, and you wonder if President Obama fully grasps how much disappointment there is among the tens of millions around the world once so hopeful that they would restore the United States to a position of responsible global leadership.
America's friends overseas know that the debt crisis was instigated by Obama's opponents. Yet they worry now about how strong Obama is, whether they will draw lines and if they can seize back the initiative.
On Friday, I met with a leading British Conservative, a rising member of Prime Minister David Cameron's cabinet who spoke of their liking for Obama. Their take on the politics of the debt fight perfectly captured the ambivalence of those who genuinely wish Obama well.
“As a political strategist, they are often underestimated,” this shrewd politician said of Obama. “He's playing a longer game.” While “the Republicans have allowed the Tea Party tail to wag the dog . . . Obama will be able to say, ‘I believe in spending cuts, but I also believe that the richest in the country should pay a little more.' ” Republicans will counter by arguing for steep cuts in Medicare and other popular programs, but they noted that where public opinion is concerned, this will give Obama the high ground.
Then came the downside: that Obama “seems to be a passive figure at a time when the world needs a leader.” Obama and their advisers should pay heed to this quietly devastating observation. Even if they're right about where Obama is positioned politically, they have to worry whether all the concessions and maneuvering undercut a president's most important asset: an earned image of strength rooted in principle.
The central question is whether the United States is still capable of leading the world out of economic turmoil. Obama's response to this challenge will have far more impact on both the country's future and their own reelection than all the sloganeering, polling and positioning put together.
ejdionne@washpost.com
Josée Caron and Lucy Niles play with the chops of your favorite '90s guitar heroes and the wit of your favorite standup comedians. As Partner, the two best friends from Ontario spin tales of young, queer slackerdom into balls-out hookfests, and even when they're being goofy as hell — see the seven deadpan skits threaded throughout the 12 songs on their forthcoming debut In Search Of Lost Time — their fiery shredding is never less than anthemic. Early songs “Sex Object” and Everybody Knows” convinced us to name them a Band To Watch, and “Play The Field” and “Gross Secret” continued the momentum. Partner may be jokers, but their music is no joke, so you can (and should) listen to the entirety of In Search Of Lost Time below.
Tour Dates:
09/07 Peterborough, ON @ The Garnet
09/08 Toronto, ON @ Horseshoe Tavern (record release party)
09/15 Windsor, ON @ The Rondo
09/22 Hamilton, ON @ This Ain't Hollywood
09/23 Vankleek Hill, ON @ Oktober Fest
09/29 Davenport, IA* @ Village Theatre*
09/30 St. Louis, MO @ FOAM
10/01 Lawrence, KS @ Granada Theater*
10/03 Palatine, IL @ Durty Nellies*
10/05 Columbus, OH @ Cafe Bourbon
10/16 Montreal QC @ L-Esco
10/17 Quebec City, QC @ Le Sous-Sol Du Circle
10/18 St John, NB @ Callahan's
10/19 Halifax, NS @ The Seahorse for Halifax Pop Explosion
10/20 Halifax, NS @ Halifax Pop Explosion (early all ages show)
10/21 Fredericton, NB @ Capital Complex
10/27 Guelph, ON @ E-Bar
*w/ PUP
In Search Of Lost Time is out 9/8 on You've Changed Records. Pre-order it here.
Close
Black Friday is one of the days when retailers would hope for their websites to function smoothly to take advantage of the shopping frenzy. However, for department store Neiman Marcus, luck is not on its side.
Shoppers looking to purchase Black Friday offers on the online store of Neiman Marcus were shown an error message upon accessing the website.
Catchpoint Systems, a company which tracks the web performance of retailers, said that the homepage of the luxury brand has been mostly inaccessible since 8 AM E.T.
The outage of the Neiman Marcus website is the first significant one for Black Friday, according to Catchpoint. Web performance for retailers over Thanksgiving was relatively smooth, the company added.
Neiman Marcus spokesperson Ginger Reeder said that the retailer is looking into the website outage.
In response to the outage, the retailer has decided that it will be extending its Black Friday sale, with further details to be released soon by the company.
This is the second major tech issue that Neiman Marcus has faced since last year. In January of 2014, Neiman Marcus revealed that it suffered a hacking attack that compromised the credit card information of over a million of its customers.
Catchpoint monitors the websites, both for desktop and mobile, of the top 50 e-commerce retail companies across 23 locations in the United States.
Catchpoint's data, in addition to the outage of the website of Neiman Marcus, also noted slowness on the desktop websites of Newegg and HP. Jet.com also experienced slowness, but for both its desktop and mobile websites.
A Jet.com spokesperson said that the speed of the company's website has been stable throughout Black Friday. While the website had a minor problem on Thursday, it is operating faster as improvements have been integrated into it over the past few days.
Catchpoint said that the issues with the website of Newegg, meanwhile, reached the peak over the time of 11:30 AM to 12:15PM ET.
The mobile website of Foot Locker also experienced intermittent errors and slowdowns, Catchpoint added.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
How to Evaluate a Job Offer By Walter C. Vertreace It seemed like an eternity since the on-site interview. You had thoroughly researched the potential employers who would be visiting your school; you signed up for campus interviews; and you were invited back to several companies for further evaluation. After weeks of waiting, you were worried that you may not get an offer from any of them. Then, the first offer came in the form of a telephone call. The salary they offered was in the ballpark, and the position was exactly what you had in mind. You would have to relocate to a city far from home, but the benefits package you discussed with Human Resources was generous and the potential for promotion seemed great. Still, you were hesitant as questions raced through your mind. Do I have to answer right away? If not, how much time do I have to answer? How can I tell if this is really a good, competitive offer? Am I obligated to accept all the terms of the offer? Can I sweeten the deal? The good news is that you do not have to answer right away. Listen carefully to the terms of the offer, but don't feel compelled to give an immediate answer. Advise the caller that you will need additional time to consider the proposal, and that you are currently considering several offers, if this is the case. If the company wants you on the payroll, they won't strike your name from the “good” list because you want to think it over. The better news is, you can review the offer they made in light of your requirements, and you can, indeed, sweeten the deal. You should receive a written offer letter in a short time. Once you do, review it carefully, and jot down any areas that you do not completely understand. Call the company back and, in a positive manner, ask questions about anything that makes you uneasy or about which you are unsure. Talk to people whose advice you respect. It is always good to bounce such life decisions off of an objective third party. There are some basic criteria for evaluating the offer, but in the end, the important question is, what is interesting and important to you? Prioritize your wish list from most important to things you can do without. EVALUATE The process of evaluating the offer actually began before you received it. In fact, before your second interview with the employer, you had already determined what it was you were looking for in a position. If you researched the company before the interview and asked the right questions during the interview, many of the answers you need to properly evaluate the offer will be at your fingertips when the time comes to use them. There are many ways of looking at the evaluation process, but in the end, you can divide it into four basic categories: Job content. Is the job you are offered the job of your dreams?
Economic factors. Is the totality of the financial reward sufficient to entice you to accept this offer and reject all others?
Work environment. Is the work situation – the people, the process, and the operating philosophy – one that you wish to be a part of for the next few years of your life?
The New York Times offices Photograph by Jonathan Torgovnik — Getty Images
Says it may ban users with ad blocking software from its site completely.
Like most online publishers, the New York Times is fighting an ongoing guerrilla war against ad blocking, a phenomenon that a recent study said could lead to more than $35 billion in losses for media companies by 2020. NYT chief executive Mark Thompson now says they are even considering what amounts to a nuclear option: Banning users with ad blockers completely.
Thompson talked about the newspaper's plans at a special symposium convened by the Interactive Advertising Bureau, called the “Ad Blocking and User Experience Summit.” Despite the friendly-sounding name, it was clear from much of the discussion at the conference that publishers and advertisers alike believe they are at war, and they are prepared to pull out the big guns.
Although Thompson said the paper is “not there yet,” they said the Times is ready and willing to cut off non-subscribers who refuse to add the newspaper to a white list in their ad blocking software. “No one who refuses to contribute to the creation of high quality journalism has the right to consume it,” they said in their keynote address
The Times may see its battle against ad blocking as a kind of holy war in defense of high-quality journalism, but the readers it is fighting against see it very differently. A glimpse of that tension can be seen in the thousands of comments that Reddit users—many of them Times readers and subscribers— have left on a thread about the news organization's plans.
“We do not refuse to contribute, we refuse to lose privacy and security from malicious ads,” said one user. Another said that publishers have “ruined their chance of advertising to us by being obnoxious and dangerous and we fought back by actively removing their ads from our experience. They can't do anything to make the average user go back to not using adblock now.” Another remarked that the ad blocking phenomenon is “a grave that [publishers] dug themselves.”
In their keynote, Thompson admitted that publishers and media companies have created much of the ad blocking problem themselves through the use of intrusive and annoying ads. But despite the newspaper's successful paywall, the Times CEO said it will always rely on advertising. “We do not believe that we will ever be able to sustain Times journalism or The New York Times as a flourishing business without an advertising business of real scale,” they said.
Thompson told the IAB conference that the Times has been experimenting with two different kinds of ad blocking messages to users, one that allows them to dismiss the pop-up and continue reading the site for free, and another that can't be dismissed.
About 30% of those who got the dismissible kind of pop-up message added the Times to a white-list in their ad blocking software, the New York Times CEO said, and about 40% of those who got the non-dismissible kind did so. That means if the newspaper decided to go with the nuclear option of banning all users with ad blockers, 60% or more of those users would go away, which would have a direct impact on the traffic numbers advertisers look at.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild's Map Size “Dwarfs” Skyrim
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild‘s map will be the largest in the series, but details circulating the internet this week suggest that the map will “dwarf” the likes of Skyrim, potentially falling just short of Xenoblade Chronicles X‘s massive world.
Nintendo has dropped some hints in regards to how big the Breath of the Wild map will be, while those who have tested out its demo have also been able to take a closer look at the size of its world on the game's map screen. While there isn't any official confirmation regarding its exact size, I've done some digging in order to try to determine just how much bigger than Skyrim the map will be, and ascertain exactly how accurate this latest round of speculation is.
Firstly, there's a pretty overwhelming image that's been doing the rounds on Facebook and Twitter this week, apparently having emerged from a Zelda fan page. According to this image, Skyrim measures in it 41.44 km² while Breath of the Wild is supposedly 360 km². This leads to a huge difference in map size, as outlined by the visual approximation given below:
In reality, the map actually oversells Skyrim by a couple of kilometers, with its commonly accepted size being around the 39 km² mark. This would effectively mean that Breath of the Wild will be 9.2 times bigger than Skyrim, but this number is based upon accepting the speculation that the new Zelda‘s map will be 360 km². This number is an estimation posted by Eggplante, who were able to take a photo of the full Breath of the Wild map (later confirmed by other screenshots), with the site claiming that each square on the map translates to 1 km². When lined up with Nintendo's statement to Polygon that the small portion of the map featured in the demo was roughly 1% of the game's world, this number seems more feasible.
But what about Nintendo's own comments that the game's map is only “12 times” the size of Twilight Princess, which had a relatively paltry sized world of just under 1 km²? Well, considering that this would seemingly contradict what we know about Breath of the Wild‘s map thus far, it is very possible that Nintendo was taking into account all of that game's dungeons and other stages, rather than just its small overworld.
Judging by these numbers, it's very reasonable to assume that it beats Skyrim — but how does it stack up to other games? One of the most beloved open-world games in recent memory, The Witcher 3's map pre-DLC came in at 136 km², while Grand Theft Auto V measured in at 81 km². Meanwhile, the massive Xenoblade Chronicles X was roughly around 400 km², though players could traverse across it using speedy mechs whereas Breath of the Wild players will mostly have to rely on their horse, Epona.
According to a video from YouTuber Arekkz, walking across Breath of the Wild‘s demo map takes 3 minutes and 40 seconds, which would mean that it would take about 1 hour and 20 minutes to make a journey from north to south on its full map. However, this fails to include obstacles that the map will no doubt present. For comparison, it takes roughly one hour to make the same north to south journey in both The Witcher 3 and Grand Theft Auto V.
It remains to be seen just how accurate these numbers are, but regardless The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is going to be the biggest Zelda game yet, and will likely provide early Nintendo Switch adopters with a lot of entertainment for months to come. Let's just hope Nintendo packs it with things to do, because no one likes an empty open world.
Seven Nintendo Movies That Would Actually Be Awesome:
Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway Ltd. (MM&A) had been the subject of repeated infraction notices for violations of the rules surrounding the securing of trains for years before the tragedy in Lac-Mégantic, but Transport Canada never imposed any sanctions on the company.
Those violations, documented in Transport Canada files obtained by Radio-Canada's investigative program, Enquête, were noted several times in 2004 and 2009, and again in 2011 and 2012.
Just what happened the night in early July when an MM&A train rolled down an incline, derailed and exploded in the core of Lac-Mégantic, killing 47 people, is still under investigation.
CROR Section 112 "When equipment is left at any point a sufficient number of hand brakes must be applied to prevent it from moving. Special instructions will indicate the minimum hand brake requirements for all locations where equipment is left. If equipment is left on a siding, it must be coupled to other equipment if any on such track unless it is necessary to provide separation at a public crossing at grade or elsewhere. "Before relying on the retarding force of the hand brake(s), whether leaving equipment or riding equipment to rest, the effectiveness of the hand brake(s) must be tested by fully applying the hand brake(s) and moving the cut of cars slightly to ensure sufficient retarding force is present to prevent the equipment from moving. When leaving a cut of cars secured, and after completion of this test, the cut should be observed while pulling away to ensure slack action has settled and that the cars remain in place."
But the use of the handbrakes and how the train was secured are at the heart of the inquiry, and have been since early days.
In the weeks following the disaster, the Transportation Safety Board said its investigation found the braking force applied wasn't enough to hold the train on the 1.2 per cent descending slope where it had been parked for the night.
Handbrake uncertainty
The documents obtained by Enquête show at least eight warnings were issued to MM&A by Transport Canada between 2004 and 2012 concerning Section 112 of the Canadian Rail Operating Rules (CROR).
That section requires that a number of handbrakes be applied and a traction test conducted before trains are left parked to ensure they're secure.
Some of those violations were issued for incidents at the Nantes, Que., station, where the train that rolled into Lac-Mégantic had been left for the night.
But the rules do not spell out exactly how many handbrakes must be applied, only that the number must be “sufficient.”
“Special instructions will indicate the minimum hand brake requirements for all locations where equipment is left,” the document states.
In July, Transport Canada confirmed it does not approve or give any specific guidance to Canada's rail companies on how many brakes must be applied for parked freight trains.
Criticism for blaming locomotive engineer
In the days following the tragedy, Edward Burkhardt, chairperson of MM&A, suspended the locomotive engineer and alleged the driver failed to apply enough handbrakes when they left their train unattended on the main track and headed into Lac-Mégantic to sleep.
“Blaming the conductor, that's the easiest thing to do,” said Jacques Vandersleyen, a consultant and railway industry expert.
“Those primarily responsible for good management, good ethics and corporate culture are the leaders.”
Vandersleyen said the repeated violations on the books for MM&A show a systemic safety problem within in the company.
They also said Transport Canada failed in its duty by not imposing punitive measures against MM&A.
“There are warnings, reviews, staff retraining . . . but there are no explicit sanctions,” Vandersleyen said.
Several days after the tragedy, MM&A was the subject of another Transport Canada Notice and Order for a new violation of Section 112, only five kilometres from Lac-Mégantic, the documents reveal.
A train of five locomotives and 98 cars was left unattended and without a sufficient number of handbrakes to ensure it would remain immobile.
At the time, the train was located on the main line headed to the station in Vachon.
MM&A filed for bankruptcy protection in August and, in January, the assets of the railway company were sold at auction to Florida Great Lakes Partners, partnered with Fortress Investment Group. The purchase price was not immediately released.
Proceeds from the sale will be used to repay creditors and victims, supplementing $25 million in insurance payouts for wrongful death, personal injury, property damage, fire suppression and environmental impact.
The Commerce Commission says Bike Barn's marketing campaigns may have misled customers.
Bike Barn has been stung for marketing bikes at "clearance" and "half price" when they were still selling at their normal price.
The Commerce Commission has filed 16 charges against Bikes international and Bike Retail Group, which operate as Bike Barn.
Bike Barn has 20 shops around the country.
The charges relate to alleged misrepresentations which were made during 25 marketing campaigns by Bike Barn between July 2013 and June 2015.
READ MORE:
* The Warehouse accused of 'bait advertising' in sofa sale
* Dodgy denture makers ordered to pay $102k
* Australia-NZ currency parity looms
The commission alleges that Bike Barn's marketing campaigns were likely to mislead consumers about the savings they would make on the purchase of bikes. Bikes were advertised as "half price" when in fact they were usually sold at that price.
It also said it was implied that there was a limited opportunity to get bikes at particular prices. Bike Barn advertised a "clearance" sale, when the bikes were available at the "clearance" price before and after the clearance sale.
Bike Barn has co-operated with the commission's investigation and has indicated that it intends to plead guilty to the charges.
CLOSE Here's a breakdown of the stories right now at www.democratandchronicle.com. Virginia Butler
Samuel Ferrara (Photo: Provided)
A New York state corrections officer is accused of possessing child pornography, according to state police.
Samuel N. Ferrara, 46, of Seneca Falls, Seneca County, is charged with one count of promoting an obscene sexual performance by a child, a felony.
Ferrara was arraigned in Seneca Falls Town Court and remanded to the Seneca County Jail in lieu of $1,000 cash bail or $2,000 bond.
According to state police, Ferrara "possessed and shared lewd images of children using their personal computer and the internet."
Ferrara works as a state corrections officer at the Willard Drug Treatment Campus in Ovid, Seneca County. Troopers said their status as a corrections officer is unknown right now.
The investigation is ongoing and more charges could be pending.
State police were assisted in the investigation by the Seneca Falls Police Department and the National Center For Missing and Exploited Children.
WCLEVELAND@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2lEIMYH
Texas U.S. Rep. Ron Paul and other hopefuls were asked at a January 2012 Republican presidential debate what the highest federal income tax rate should be.
Paul, one-upping others on stage, replied: "We should have the lowest tax that we've ever had, and up until 1913, it was 0 percent. What's so bad about that?"
Zero percent from the 1780's to 1913?
Not quite.
Paul's reference to 1913 reflected the 20th-century constitutional change enabling the current income tax. But their claim disregarded two pre-1913 efforts to impose an income tax — one of which held in place for a decade. The claim was rated Half True.
And our check of the claim was our readers No. 6 favorite article of the year.
See the full check and ones that ranked seven through 10 to the right--including two reviews of other Paul claims.
We'll post our No. 5 reader favorite article here tomorrow.
The CIA HATES competition (See: NYTimes June 2012), even when Blackwater does the gun-running (and the Wall St Journal needs revenue… paywalled):
A group led by a former Pentagon official (and FORMER BLACKWATER EXECUTIVE -ed) devised a plan to supply moderate Syrian rebels with weapons sourced in Eastern Europe and financed by a wealthy Saudi, and it ran into flak from the CIA
According to LawFare From Wikipedia Blackwater… Not just killers of ‘in-the-way' Iraqi civilians and supplier of weapons to al-Qaeda in Syria but implicated in the smuggling of CPA Glock pistols to the Kurdish PKK and the Turkish underworld. The Waxman investigation into Blackwater after the Nisoor Square massacre in Iraq held the hearings about Blackwater's gun-running in secret session, but the truth, as we see here, WILL come out. Even money bet Schmitz was the person responsible for that gun running operation as wellSchmitz' website … He's a “Lawyer” “Providing value-added Legal and Private Sector Inspector General professional services that reflect the core values of Integrity, Transparent Accountability, Disciplined Teamwork, and Independence.”
Passing 190k, on the way to 200 - it's been pretty shockingly awesome over here watching all this happens. All I can say is thank you!
After the Kickstarter closes, the new hub for RimWorld will be rimworldgame.com.
So I want to get the game to you guys as fast as possible. However, unfortunately business concerns are getting in the way.
I emailed Kickstarter about timing, and they told me I won't get a full backer report from them until the full two weeks after the project ends!
I was a bit surprised. I knew that they took two weeks to actually transfer the money, but I thought I could get a backer list sooner than that, since they charge most cards earlier. This was a poor and wrong assumption on my part; I should have checked before. Sorry.
What this means for you is that you probably won't get the game until mid-November. I'll be looking at ways to get this bad boy out ASAP but that's the date for now.
The good news is that this means I'll be able to pump up the first public build more for you guys. I'm hoping to have you cooking and eating any creature that walks, from squirrel to muffalo and beyond, as well as storing things in proper stockpiles.
Creative rewards system and guidelines
I've contracted a Web wizard under the name Hypolite (some of you know them from the forums) to create a system that accepts creative rewards content online. This system should be up by mid-November.
The creative rewards guidelines have also seen some rewriting and updating in light of comments and the content people have been putting in early. If you're a creative rewards backer I recommend looking them over and making sure your idea fits. Remember - to keep the game clean for everyone, we're setting a pretty high standard for player content, so we'll have to reject any submissions that don't fit the guidelines.
There's also a forum for discussing creative rewards. If you're not sure about your idea, or have other questions, please post there.
I've also put out a call for volunteer creative rewards moderators. If you'd like to help keep the game content consistent please apply!
New developments
Work on the game continues apace, supported by bug reports from our heroic testers, play videos from YouTube, and suggestions for our ever-creative Ludeon forumgoers. These are some of the changes to the testing version over the last few weeks (forum thread):
You can now prioritize colonists' tasks individually.
Charged batteries now explode while burning.
Some electrical devices now short-circuit and cause fires if left out in the rain while running.
Levels now cap at 20 (as designed).
Power connectors report power net status.
You can now dump meals in dumping areas.
You can now click on names in the overview to center on the colonist.
Overview now displays health of wounded colonists.
Hid the trait system for now to avoid confusion (since traits do nothing).
All weapons now have unique graphics.
Rewrote storage square management system to use the generalized work reservation manager. • Added map size adjustment in an advanced menu at game start.
Fast-forwarding is disabled during combat where you are under attack.
Added max selection size and max drag designate size.
Added raiders: sniper squad and mercenary squad.
Balanced down hydroponics growth rate.
Split shooting accuracy breakdown into misses due to equipment and misses due to skill.
Rebalanced shooting and melee to make skill more important. • Drafted colonists no longer interrupt when melee attacked.
Traders are now rarer but carry more goods.
Dump sites no longer default to accepting humanoid corpses. Graves no longer default to accepting animal carcasses.
Smoothed out and softened how AI Storytellers handle colony population.
Colonists now gain bad thoughts from sleeping outside.
Added skills (which do nothing yet): cooking, medicine, artistic, crafting
Added work tags (most of which do nothing yet): Firefighting, scary, artistic, cooking
Added credits screen.
Replaced all non-commercial free sounds and attributed those under attribution licenses.
Various bugfixes, balance adjustments and optimizations.
Not many people have played this one yet, but there are already fun stories appearing. One fellow got attacked by snipers and withdrew inside their base to confront them at close range. One of their colonists used Molotov cocktails indoors, igniting the base and one of the snipers. The sniper ran burning down a hallway into a nearby room containing three unarmed non-combant colonists, who proceeded to beat them to death.
Hot hot wiki!
Thanks to wiki pro volunteers British, AcDie, and enystrom8743, the RimWorld Wiki at rimworldwiki.com is developing nicely - you should check it out!
Finally
I invite you all to come chill on IRC (on server irc.quakenet.org, channel #rimworld) . I'm there most days, chatting inanely and sometimes unprofessionally.
ヽ(*≧ω≦)ﾉ
Cheers all, and thanks again.
-Ty
Form elements have always been a problem for designers, they are ugly as fuck and never match a website or app style. In an earlier age javascript plugins popped up to solve this problem, at the expense of creating new problems. First let me make a case about not using js in this situation and then I will show you how you can very effectively style form elements with css while progressively enhancing & using the default style for older browsers like ie7.
You can skip ahead to the form element styling if you don't want the rant about not using javascript.
Why not replacing native implementation by your own with javascript
The behaviour
Making a javascript plugin that make a select element behave exactly like the native one is already hard (keyboard support, no js & etc), but even then you need to ask, which default browser behaviour you want to replicate, Chrome? Internet Explorer?
Browsers implement more & more utilities for their users (and yours), for example, password inputs now have a show text icon on IE10. When you replace from elements with javascript you become at odd in the future with the behaviour the user is expecting to find using a form in your app because default behaviors changes with browser versions.
The bugs
Even Choosen which is one of the oldest (and arguably one of the best) plugin to style Select element has currently 150 issues in their bugs tracker. The native implementation has zero bugs & always works as expected by the user whatever the browser they are using.
The sometimes weird loading page state
Most JS plugins are built to show default form elements when javascript is disabled, which unfortunately can create some weird loading effect. Sometimes, for a split second you can see those elements or/& the content move a bit like a hidden margin was disappearing.
The code bloat
These scripts are often short of small, this adds loads on your app, + you must handle these plugins state, that means more code & more bugs & longer implementation.
& then the ugly
You know that div with a scroll overflow that replace your select options box, well what happen when you scroll at the end of it? You start scrolling the page. When using a normal select box, when you reach the end it just stops scrolling, like it should.
I'm sure you picked that up sometimes, personally I first picked that up using the website http://comfree.com/ to buy a house, the city I was looking for was at the very end of the select box, every time I would scroll that page looking for that city, and that's certainly annoying after a couple of times.
Want a better select box create a better element not a “better” select box
You want a search element within your select box? The answer does not lie with a javascript select box. Create a better UI element that will actually better complement your form.
Adding a search box is generally flawed from the get go. You make the assumption the user know what to search when most of the time they have no idea what lies behind the border of your scroll overflowed div, how can they search?
You also make the assumption that users want to actually switch from using the mouse to scroll. You completely break the flow, the user now has to click on the search box and then change their focus to the keyboard, and eye back and forth the keyboard to search something.
Maybe this thread on UX stackoverflow can help you make a better choice with this.
Styling form elements
So we got the arguments out of the way let's concentrate on the technique we can use to style those damn elements. If you just want the example with the css, click here.
The select
Obviously we can't style the option box, but we can style pretty effectively the select shown in your web page. This basically involves wrapping our select in a div and style that div instead of styling the select element. The right arrow is a bit of the problem, it will be shown on some browsers, and we also need to degrade to normal select box on ie7.
It is fully supported on Chrome, IE10, firefox chrome, partial support with normal arrow on IE8, IE9 & firefox PC.
Example
Here are the basics:
<div class="selectContainerStyled"> <div class="arrow"></div> <select> <option value="Option 1">Option 1</option> </select> </div>
.selectContainerStyled { position : relative ; border : 1px solid #b5b5b5 ; border-radius : 4px ; background- clip : padding-box ; background-color : #f1f1f1 ; display : inline- block ; box-shadow : 0 1px 3px rgba ( 0 , 0 , 0 , .13 ) , inset 0 1px 0 #fff ; color : 0 1px 3px rgba ( 0 , 0 , 0 , .13 ) , inset 0 1px 0 #fff ; background-image : linear-gradient ( bottom , #dcdcdc 0% , #dcdcdc 2% , #f3f3f3 100% ) ; } .selectContainerStyled select { float : left ; position : relative ; z-index : 2 ; height : 30px ; display : block ; line-height : 14px ; padding : 5px 25px 4px 5px ; margin : 0 ; -moz-appearance : window ; -moz-padding-end : 19px ; background : transparent ; background-color : transparent ; border : none ; -webkit-appearance : none ; appearance : none ; }
Radio & checkbox
This time the idea is to add a div after the form element, put it below the element & hide the form element. Using a small css3 trick we change the div state with a small selector.
It is fully supported on Chrome, IE9+, firefox.
Example
Here are the basics:
<input checked="checked" type="radio" name="action" value="0" id="nocategory" class="radioChanged"> <div class="radioContainer"></div>
input :checked + .checkboxContainer { background-position : top right ; }
Conclusion?
In the end you don't need javascript to make form elements pretty, the only exception would be working on a website clie here the client stubbornly wants all elements always looking the same even if that means loosing some usability. it's your job to explain the consequences a technology you use has on the whole project, but if that still not enough, use some JS alternative, at least you tried.
As noted in the comments I need to add :focus selector to add an outline when tabbing with the keyboard through the form, thanks guys!
About
Punch and claw your way through fifty levels of pure mayhem, while honing your Ninja Cat skills, in order to rescue your Master from the evil claws of an unknown enemy.
Claws of Furry creates a blend of today's fast pace action with classic arcade Beat'em up badassery. With a leveling system of over 40 skills and multiple modes, from Rogue-like to Arena, it's up to the players how they build their Ninja Cat and what adventure they will follow. Fear not the rogue-like though; the character progress is not lost, since the skills that are unlocked transfer to each new character, making the player's cat stronger in every playthrough. Still you don't like rogue-like? We got you covered, with the Pussycat mode you can play the game with checkpoints in every level, in a classic linear adventure. This will not make it much easier though, fast reflexes and a keen eye are required in order to survive the journey to free your Master. You don't have to take this journey alone though; you can have a group of up to four people in local co-op!
Cat Lee approves.
Click to download!
Before Valve closed down Greenlight, they decided to pass few games through the process manually. and Claws of Furry was one of them! If Valve trust us, you should too!
Story in Claws of Furry follows the old-school arcade path, meaning that less is more. The narrative will have linear progression, with cut scenes that will progress the story, but fear not; the game will focus more on what you really want: punching things.
Your Ninja Master was abducted before your eyes! Pursue their tracks through the territories of your sworn enemies and free them from captivity! Be vigilant though; not everything is what it seems...
Your "base" in the game, the Dojo.
Overview
Claws of Furry is a blend of the old and the new; the actual fighting mechanics are reminiscent of arcade beat'em up games but your Ninja Cat's fighting style is fully customizable, with over 40 skills to unlock and upgrade. You want to attack fast and be agile, sacrificing damage? Or you want to be slow and hit hard? One thing is certain, in time you will be able to do both. But it will take lots of characters to sacrifice in order to become that powerful. Speaking of sacrifice...
Note to self: Use Double Jump.
The game's main mode has rogue-like elements, meaning that once your character dies, you won't see them again. But fear not, all the experience your character has gathered will travel with their Ninja Soul to another cat. The new cat will have to start the journey all over again, this time more powerful than before. Your enemies will grow with you however, and they might be a bit more prepared this time around, so why not bring some friends to help?
Ninja Souls Concept Art
The game will feature up to 4 players in local co-op! The Kickstarter trailer ( that you probably already watched ) is from the Alpha version of the game. In addition to the two environments you see, there will be another two, and in case you noticed the lack of dogs in the trailer, we assure you that more sworn cat enemies await you. Including man's best friend.
Dogs, those overfrienly and loyal vile creatures, await you.
Movement
Your character is a cat, and also a Ninja. We want to pass this through the gameplay by making movement very fast, and also try and give the agility and responsiveness a cat ninja would have. In short, we give you the means to get yourself out of a tight spot.
Unrestricted and fast dodging to avoid any damage, it may seem op, but trust me you need it.
You can bounce off many enemies, giving you the opportunity to create openings when in high ground.
Attacks
Again, you are a ninja cat. Fast paced and always on the move is your bread and butter. We give you an arsenal of moves to use and upgrade depending on what playstyle you prefer. From quick attacks and an emphasis on avoiding danger, to strong attacks that leave you open for damage if you're careless.
Your basic Fast Attack, low damage with minimal knockback, but can be used while moving.
Your basic Strong Attack, high damage with high knockback, but slower and cannot be used while moving.
Skills! You will have a ton of those. This particular one is called "Quake".
Directional Attacks! Chain your attacks in combos!
Your basic Ranged Attack. When not upgraded, it does very minimal damage, but it has a very high knockback. Works great when you want to create space between you and your enemies or when you want to throw an enemy on a hazard.
Chapters
At the moment, we have four chapters planned. Each chapter has its own thematic environments, enemies and bosses. The Slums have Rats, the Sewers has Crocodiles, the Dog City has Dogs (duh) and the last is a surprise that we really can't spoil.
Modes
We currently have three modes planned.
• Pussycat
For those who simply don't have the patience and taste for permadeath or for those who want to practice before moving on to "Normal" mode. Progress is saved after every level.
• Normal
Rogue-like progression with randomized level pool and no checkpoints.
Character progress, skills and costumes are saved, but not level progress.
• Survival Arena
We throw you into an arena, and you must survive wave after wave. How long can you last?
Bosses are the last obstacle for you before you can progress any further. While we'd love to keep them all a surprise, we'll show you three bosses that you'll encounter. If you don't want to spoil it for yourself, simply close your eyes and scroll the mouse wheel down maniacally. More bosses will come with more chapters (see stretch goals) but for now we only have the resources for 4 chapters.
We know "Eye of the Dog" is a terrible catch-phrase.
After performing certain tasks and achievements, you will unlock costumes which they will give your cat special properties and even special moves. All the unlocked costumes, no matter in which mode you unlock them, will be available to your locker in your base, the "Dojo".
The CATPOOL costume. It gives the player regenerating and increased health. You are not immortal though (sorry)...
• Arcade beat'em up action.
• Multiple Modes.
• Levelling system, with transferable skills to new characters.
• Local & Online co-op with up to 4 players.
• A variety of thematic environments and enemies.
• Unlockable costumes with unique gameplay properties.
• Beautiful hand-painted art.
• Unique character design.
Claws of Furry could have been released months ago in a terribly unfinished state, the basics were in and it was certainly playable but we simply didn't have the resources to continue it. As we started to wrap it up and began showing it off to people and events, we realised that people were genuinely enjoying the game and wanted more, a lot more. We got some great feedback and ultimately realised that we had to keep pushing it. Somehow.
We've spent the last few months refining almost every aspect of the game, iteration after iteration, making sure that the combat is fluid, the enemies are engaging, the world's are well developed and the code is bug free (mostly). There's still much to do but we're glad that we kept at it, instead of trying to finish it early.
And so we reach a similar point again, only massively over budget this time. We know we've built a great game but we simply can't continue to develop CoF full time. We've trimmed the GDD (Game Design Document) and prepared ourselves for releasing a quality, but short product if we fail at gathering funds. That would be a shame though, the game in its current state is like a cat that you only keep in one room because you're a terrible person. The cat might be fantastic and glorious but it needs more than a room. It needs the whole house, it needs the neighbours houses and all their lawns and all the trees and long grass, it longs to sit in the sun and dream of things like sitting in the sun a little bit longer.
So please, if you're against keeping cats trapped in tiny rooms, consider helping us out and together we can release these perfectly cute killing machines and allow them to do what they do best.
We give our best to stay true to our development pipeline and as close to our concepts as possible.
Some of it at least...
Main Character
Rats, Crocs, Dopermans and Fatodiles concept art.
Riot Dog
No compatible credit card, but you still want to support us? You can do it with PayPal! Just click here!
Stretch goals are in sterling, prices don't reflect USD.
Stretch Goals:
• New Game +
You think beating the game once isn't going to be challenging? Try the New Game + for an insane new level of difficulty.
• Nintendo Switch
The game will be released on Nintendo Switch, so that's at-least 2 games you can play on it. Hah! (we like the Nintendo Switch)
• 5th Chapter
A whole new chapter in addition to the four existing ones, with a new thematic environment, enemies and of course, a boss.
• PVP Arena Mode
Your best friend just told us that they could beat you in a ninja cat fight. We said "No way!", but they were pretty adamant. Kick your feet against your own face and get startled by gusts of wind to show them how wrong they are.
• Boss Rush Mode
Want to endlessly fight all the bosses again and again until you perish? You should probably call your doctor immediately, and tell them about this awesome mode we want to add in the game.
• 20 Extra Costumes
Cats really don't like it when you try to dress them up, but it is hilarious. So we're offering extra costumes with their own attributes and special moves. Will you be able to unlock them all?
• Unlockable Characters
Look, maybe you're not even a cat person, we get it. Luckily for you I've just realised our game is called CLAWS of Furry, and not CATS of Furry so we can do many different playable animals.
• 6th & 7th Chapters
Remember when we wanted funding for the 5th chapter? Those were the good old days, but now it's time for more! More chapters mean more enemies, environments and an extended challenge to keep you purring all night long.
This might not come as a surprise, but we're a games studio. A games studio that dabbles in almost anything to do with real-time experiences. Since Terahard's inception back in 2012 we've been hired to do all sorts of things, from big machine simulations for oil companies, to showing off Nike shoes on virtual shelves. We had always intended to make games, but with such a varied and talented team we find it easy to get involved with projects from many different industries. Whenever we have a moment spare however, we would delve into our own projects, our own games and try to bring something to life. Claws of Furry is our latest attempt, and so far the feedback has motivated us to try and push it even further.
Terahardprimarily consists of games industry folk from a number of talented studios such as Roll7 and Curve, we've got a lot of experience individually and many of us nearing a decade in the industry. Our entire core team is made up of 12 full-time developers, which is pretty large for such a small studio, but it allows us to balance multiple projects while still maintaining our own IPs, perhaps with your help we can begin this story, and become well known for making games that people love.
We don't need to tell you that we love games, and how it's our goal to keep making them, such information is implied by our being here and trying to attend as many events as possible worldwide. What we would like to say though, is just a thank you for checking us out, and a huge thank you for even reading this.
- OnlySP, Indie Highlight Reel
- Dacespace, Topic Nintendo Podcast 9, 25:20 min
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Discord
Greenlight (outdated info)
Operation PwnDoyle a guest Oct 22nd, 2011 5,726 Never a guest5,726Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.79 KB Australians for Anonymous proudly present... ____ _ _ / __ \ | | (_) | | | |_ __ ___ _ __ __ _| |_ _ ___ _ __ | | | | '_ \ / _ \ '__/ _` | __| |/ _ \| '_ \ | |__| | |_) | __/ | | (_| | |_| | (_) | | | | \____/| .__/ \___|_| \__,_|\__|_|\___/|_| |_| | | |_| _____ _____ _ | __ \ | __ \ | | | |__) |_ ___ __ | | | | ___ _ _| | ___ | ___/\ \ /\ / / '_ \| | | |/ _ \| | | | |/ _ \ | | \ V V /| | | | |__| | (_) | |_| | | __/ |_| \_/\_/ |_| |_|_____/ \___/ \__, |_|\___| __/ | |___/ ON FRIDAY, THE 21ST OF OCTOBER, UNDER THE ORDERS OF LORD MAYOR ROBERT DOYLE, MELBOURNE'S POLICE AND INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS COMMITTED VILE ACTS OF BRUTALITY AGAINST PEACEFUL OCCUPY MELBOURNE PROTESTORS. NON-VIOLENT DEMONSTRATORS WERE BEATEN WITH BATONS, STRUCK WITH FISTS, KICKED, PEPPER-SPRAYED, STRANGLED AND TRAMPLED WITH HORSES. MANY INNOCENT BYSTANDERS WERE ATTACKED - AND ALL THIS VIOLENCE WAS JUST TO CLEAR THE WAY FOR QUEEN ELIZABETH II'S VISIT TO MELBOURNE. WE THE PEOPLE WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS BLATANT ABUSE OF OUR HUMAN RIGHTS. IN ONE MONTH'S TIME, ON THE 21ST OF NOVEMBER, WE WILL STRIKE WITH A GLOBAL DECENTRALIZED DISTRIBUTED DENIAL OF SERVICE ATTACK ON THE MELBOURNE CITY COUNCIL'S WEBSITE. WE CALL ANYONE WHO STANDS FOR FREEDOM AND OPPOSES OUR OPPRESSION BY THE 1% TO JOIN US. HIGH-LEVEL TECHNICAL SKILLS ARE NOT REQUIRED. THIS IS A WORLDWIDE ISSUE AND BY NO MEANS SHOULD THIS OPERATION BE LIMITED TO AUSTRALIAN ACTION. We will be using the simplest practical method possible to have the most exposure and therefore most devastating impact on the Melbourne City Council's web server. First, download LOIC from the official sourceforge page at: http://sourceforge.net/projects/loic/files/loic/loic-1.0.6/LOIC-1.0.6.35-binary.zip/download?_test=goal If necessary install the .Net framework. On the day of the attack (November 21) at 11:00 Melbourne Time (GMT 0:00), open LOIC, enter the target URL (www.melbourne.vic.gov.au) and lock on. Enter our message: "WE ARE THE 99%" in the TCP/UDP message section and leave all other options as they are. At 11:00 *on the dot*, FIRE. Keep attacking for as long as you can. Obviously, if you have access to a botnet, use it instead. If you are skilled in Network Security, find a way in and deface the bastards. Our preliminary scans are telling us that there is an ASP.NET Padding Oracle Vulnerability in their web server - that's a start for you l33t k1dz out there. For those who are worried about getting caught, we give you two words: Plausible Deniability. For all the piggies know, you're just a zombie in a botnet and you don't even know what Anonymous is. TLDR: TYRANNICAL TSAR TERRORIZES WITH TRUNCHEONS. Revenge: 21st of November, we pwn www.melbourne.gov.au. WE ARE ANONYMOUS. WE DO NOT FORGIVE. WE DO NOT FORGET. EXPECT US. "First they came for the Muslims, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a Muslim. Then they came for the Socialists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a socialist. Then they came for the Libertarians, and I didn't speak out because I'm not too involved in politics. Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me." EOF
RAW Paste Data
Australians for Anonymous proudly present... ____ _ _ / __ \ | | (_) | | | |_ __ ___ _ __ __ _| |_ _ ___ _ __ | | | | '_ \ / _ \ '__/ _` | __| |/ _ \| '_ \ | |__| | |_) | __/ | | (_| | |_| | (_) | | | | \____/| .__/ \___|_| \__,_|\__|_|\___/|_| |_| | | |_| _____ _____ _ | __ \ | __ \ | | | |__) |_ ___ __ | | | | ___ _ _| | ___ | ___/\ \ /\ / / '_ \| | | |/ _ \| | | | |/ _ \ | | \ V V /| | | | |__| | (_) | |_| | | __/ |_| \_/\_/ |_| |_|_____/ \___/ \__, |_|\___| __/ | |___/ ON FRIDAY, THE 21ST OF OCTOBER, UNDER THE ORDERS OF LORD MAYOR ROBERT DOYLE, MELBOURNE'S POLICE AND INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS COMMITTED VILE ACTS OF BRUTALITY AGAINST PEACEFUL OCCUPY MELBOURNE PROTESTORS. NON-VIOLENT DEMONSTRATORS WERE BEATEN WITH BATONS, STRUCK WITH FISTS, KICKED, PEPPER-SPRAYED, STRANGLED AND TRAMPLED WITH HORSES. MANY INNOCENT BYSTANDERS WERE ATTACKED - AND ALL THIS VIOLENCE WAS JUST TO CLEAR THE WAY FOR QUEEN ELIZABETH II'S VISIT TO MELBOURNE. WE THE PEOPLE WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS BLATANT ABUSE OF OUR HUMAN RIGHTS. IN ONE MONTH'S TIME, ON THE 21ST OF NOVEMBER, WE WILL STRIKE WITH A GLOBAL DECENTRALIZED DISTRIBUTED DENIAL OF SERVICE ATTACK ON THE MELBOURNE CITY COUNCIL'S WEBSITE. WE CALL ANYONE WHO STANDS FOR FREEDOM AND OPPOSES OUR OPPRESSION BY THE 1% TO JOIN US. HIGH-LEVEL TECHNICAL SKILLS ARE NOT REQUIRED. THIS IS A WORLDWIDE ISSUE AND BY NO MEANS SHOULD THIS OPERATION BE LIMITED TO AUSTRALIAN ACTION. We will be using the simplest practical method possible to have the most exposure and therefore most devastating impact on the Melbourne City Council's web server. First, download LOIC from the official sourceforge page at: http://sourceforge.net/projects/loic/files/loic/loic-1.0.6/LOIC-1.0.6.35-binary.zip/download?_test=goal If necessary install the .Net framework. On the day of the attack (November 21) at 11:00 Melbourne Time (GMT 0:00), open LOIC, enter the target URL (www.melbourne.vic.gov.au) and lock on. Enter our message: "WE ARE THE 99%" in the TCP/UDP message section and leave all other options as they are. At 11:00 *on the dot*, FIRE. Keep attacking for as long as you can. Obviously, if you have access to a botnet, use it instead. If you are skilled in Network Security, find a way in and deface the bastards. Our preliminary scans are telling us that there is an ASP.NET Padding Oracle Vulnerability in their web server - that's a start for you l33t k1dz out there. For those who are worried about getting caught, we give you two words: Plausible Deniability. For all the piggies know, you're just a zombie in a botnet and you don't even know what Anonymous is. TLDR: TYRANNICAL TSAR TERRORIZES WITH TRUNCHEONS. Revenge: 21st of November, we pwn www.melbourne.gov.au. WE ARE ANONYMOUS. WE DO NOT FORGIVE. WE DO NOT FORGET. EXPECT US. "First they came for the Muslims, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a Muslim. Then they came for the Socialists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a socialist. Then they came for the Libertarians, and I didn't speak out because I'm not too involved in politics. Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me." EOF
"Original" redirects here. For other uses, see Original (disambiguation)
Originality is the aspect of created or invented works as being new or novel, and thus distinguishable from reproductions, clones, forgeries, or derivative works.[citation needed] An original work is one not received from others nor one copied from or based upon the work of others.[citation needed]. It is a work created with a unique style and substance. The term "originality" is often applied as a compliment to the creativity of artists, writers, and thinkers.[citation needed] The modern idea of originality is tied to Romanticism,[1] by a notion that is often called romantic originality.[2][3][4]
The concept of originality is culturally contingent. At the time of Shakespeare, it was more common to appreciate the similarity with an admired classical work, and Shakespeare themselves avoided "unnecessary invention".[5][6][7] It wasn't until the start of the 18th century that the concept of originality became an ideal in Western culture.[5][8]
Originality in law [ edit ]
In law, originality has become an important legal concept with respect to intellectual property, where creativity and invention have manifest as copyrightable works.[clarification needed] In the patent law of the United States and most other countries, only original inventions are subject to protection. In addition to being original, inventions submitted for a patent must also be useful and nonobvious.[citation needed]
In the United States copyright law and the law of many other states, copyrights protect only original works of authorship, a property which has been historically and legally linked to a concept of "creativity". A work must pass a threshold of originality in order to be copyrightable.[9]
In the United Kingdom intellectual property law, a derived work can demonstrate originality, and must do so if it is to respect copyright.[citation needed]
Originality under the United States Copyright Law [ edit ]
In the Copyright Law of the United States, more specifically under 17 U.S.C 102, the work that is sought to be protected must satisfy the threshold for originality.[10] Though most of the countries require certain degree of originality in the work sought to be protected, such requirement does not stem from either the Berne Convention or the TRIPS Agreement.[11] Therefore, there is no uniformity in the standard for originality. In the United States, originality necessitates bare minimum degree of creativity and independent creation.[12] The Supreme Court of the United States in the case of Feist Publications v. Rural Telephone Service Co.[13] held that the work must be independently created and must possess minimum degree of creativity. This interpretation requires an extremely low level of creativity and in the words of the court, “must possess some creative spark no matter how crude, humble or obvious it might be.”[14] The court also took the opportunity to reject the previously judicially-established and followed the sweat of the brow doctrine. According to the said doctrine, labour and hard-work alone could suffice to establish originality. After the dosctrine was rejected by the Supreme Court in 1991, in the Bridgeman Art Library v. Corel Corp[15] case, the court held that the copies of public domain photographs could not be copyrighted since they lacked originality and while such reproductions may have involved skill and labour, no protection could be granted to them, on account of lack of originality.
While the current legal requirements of originality viz. minimum level of creativity and independent labour can be easily assessed and applied in case of literary works, the courts are required to undertake a deeper legal and factual inquiry in photographic works. The United States District Court for Southern District of New York in Mannion v. Coors Brewing Company[16] considered originality in terms of timing, subject and rendition, and held that the nature and extent of the copyright would be independent in the three aspects. The requirement for originality was incorporated in the statute only in the Copyright Act, 1976 and over the course of time, the courts have evolved various metrics to apply the test.[17] Unlike, Patents, novelty is not required for a work to be considered as original.[18] The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Sheldon (1936)[19] had clarified that sometimes it is relevant for other purposes. Therefore, if the work created by you is identical to a pre-existing work but you are unaware of the latter's existence, you may still enjoy copyright protection for your work.
Apart from novelty, the work is not required to be made with an intent to be original. What is considered is only that it is actually an independent creation in effect. In 1951, the court in Alfred Bell Co. v. Catalda Arts[20] held that the question as to whether there was intent to be original was not to be considered. The Supreme Court of the United States has also clarified that it is not necessary for the work to be artistic to qualify as original. Furthermore, in the landmark ruling, the court observed that it would be a dangerous undertaking for persons trained only to the law to constitute themselves final judges of the worth of pictorial illustrations, outside of the narrowest and most obvious limits. At the one extreme, some works of genius would be sure to miss appreciation. Their very novelty would make them repulsive until the public had learned the new language in which their author spoke. It may be more than doubted, for instance, whether the etchings of Goya or the paintings of Monet would have been sure of protection when seen for the first time. At the other end, copyright would be denied to pictures which appealed to a public less educated than the judge. This observation was an embodiment of the principle of artistic or aesthetic neutrality which seeks to eliminate the inherent subjectivity involved in the judges deciding whether the work is artistic, and hence, the question as to whether it warrants protection. The principle finds four broad justifications- (i) lack of expertise in the judges (ii) fear of elitism (iii) fear of paternalism (also called parentalism) (iv) lack of consensus on what constitutes art. However, scholars note that the principle of aesthetic neutrality is often violated as the adjudicators end up favouring creators of what they believe is deserving of copyright grant.
In the United States, the work is not required to be non-commercial in nature for copyright protection and unlike the US trademark law, the work need to be necessarily lawful. Therefore, works created for commercial purposes, such as advertisements can also be granted a copyright.[21]
Originality Under Indian Copyright Law [ edit ]
Section 13(1)(a) of the Indian Copyright Act, 1957 mentions 'originality' as a requirement for copyright protection to literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works. Courts have interpreted this requirement of 'originality' in different ways. This has given rise to various doctrines/tests that can be helpful in determining whether a work meets the threshold of originality. The most prominent case with respect to 'originality' under the Indian Copyright Law is the Eastern Book Company v DCB Modak[22]. This judgment gave rise to two doctrines i.e. modicum of creativity and the skill and judgment test. This remains the accepted and current position of law in India as of now. However, prior to this, the Indian Courts used to follow the Sweat of the Brow approach.
Sweat of the Brow theory [ edit ]
This theory bases the grant of copyright protection on the effort and labour that an author puts into their work as opposed to the creativity involved. Locke's theory of labour as property has often been extended to give jurisprudential basis to this theory of copyright law. In the case of V. Govindan v E.M. Gopalakrishna Kone,[23] it was held that compilations of information would meet the threshold of 'originality' under the Indian Copyright Act since it involves some level of 'skill, labour and brain'.[24] A similar line of reasoning was adopted in the case of Burlington Home Shipping Pvt Ltd v Rajnish Chibber[25] where a database was held to be original enough to be protected by copyright under Indian law. However, like in other jurisdictions, this theory was discarded by the Indian Courts also and the focus was shifted to the creativity involved in any work.
EBC Modak Case (Modicum of Creativity & Skill and Judgment Test) [ edit ]
The EBC Modak case is the Indian counterpart of the Feist Publications case in terms of the test it laid down. It concerned the copyrightability of Supreme Court judgments that were copy-edited and published by Eastern Book Company. These judgments were published along with 'headnotes' that were written by the Company itself. While explicitly discarding the Sweat of the Brow theory, the Court held that simply copy editing would not meet the threshold of originality under copyright law since it would only demonstrate an "amount of skill, labour and capital put in the inputs of the copy-edited judgments and the original or innovative thoughts for the creativity would be completely excluded."[26]. Thus, it introduced the requirement of 'creativity' under originality. With respect to the level of creativity involved, the court adopted the 'minimal degree of creativity' approach. Following this standard, the headnotes that did not copy from the judgment verbatim were held to be copyrightable.
Finally, the Court also gave way to the 'Skill and Judgment Test' which is more or less a compromise between the sweat of the brow theory and the modicum of creativity test. While relying on the CCH Canadian Case,[27] the Court essentially held that a work would meet the originality standard as long as there is labour or effort involved but not only labour.[26] It must involve some level of skill and judgment as well. However, this approach mirrors the Sweat of the Brow theory more closely and is therefore a difficult theory to defend. Further, the Court held the division of a judgment into paragraphs and numbering them was enough to meet this standard of 'Skill and Judgment'. Whether this is the correct interpretation of the test as given in the CCH Canadian Case[28] remains debatable.
Originality in science [ edit ]
Scientific literature considered as primary must contain original research, and even review articles contain original analysis or interpretation.[29]
Originality of ideas and creative works [ edit ]
An original idea is one not thought up by another person beforehand. Sometimes, two or more people can come up with the same idea independently.
The evaluation of originality depends not only on the creative work itself, but also on the temporal context, the zeitgeist. In a study of the musical originality of 15,618 classical music themes, the importance of objective characteristics and the zeitgeist for popularity was examined. Both the musical originality of a theme relative to its contemporary works (the zeitgeist), and its "absolute" originality influenced in similar magnitude the popularity of a theme.[30] Similarly, objective features and temporal context both influenced the evaluation of linguistic originality.[31]
Original recording [ edit ]
An original painting, photographic negative, analog audio, or video recording, will contain qualities that can be difficult, or under current technology may be impossible to copy in its full integrity. That can also apply for any other artifact.
That is why it is often necessary to preserve the original, in order to preserve its original integrity. The copy is made to preserve the original recording by saving the original from degenerating as it is being played, rather than to replace the original.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
South Africa rhino poaching hits record: WWF
Updated
Rhino poaching in South Africa has hit a new record high, with 341 of the animals lost to poachers so far this year as black-market demand for rhino horn soars, wildlife group WWF said.
Poaching deaths have already outstripped last year's total of 333, the previous record, WWF said.
Officials blame the poaching surge on organised crime syndicates selling rhino horn for use in Asian medicinal treatments - especially in Vietnam, where it is believed to cure cancer.
"In order to save rhinos from extinction, the criminal syndicates operating between South Africa and Vietnam must be uncovered and shut down for good," Joseph Okori, WWF's African rhino program coordinator, said in a statement.
"Vietnam should follow South Africa's example and start sending poachers, traders, smugglers and sellers to jail."
Last week WWF confirmed that rhinos had become extinct in Vietnam after the country's last javan rhino was found shot with its horn removed.
Booming demand has driven the price to $500,000 per horn, according to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species.
South Africa, which lost just 13 rhinos to poaching in 2007, has responded to the surge by dispatching army troops to fight poachers and stepping up arrests.
But it has struggled to stop poaching syndicates that use helicopters, night vision equipment and high-powered rifles to hunt their prey.
AFP
Topics: endangered-and-protected-species, conservation, environment, south-africa, vietnam
First posted
Nigerian spy chief suspended after $43 million cash stash found in apartment
April 20, 2017 by Joseph Fitsanakis
The director of Nigeria's powerful intelligence agency has been suspended on orders of the president, after a massive stash of cash totaling $43 million was found in an apartment in Lagos. The money was discovered by investigators working for the Nigerian Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Based in Abuja, the EFCC is a high-profile body that was created in 2003, in response to accusations by the international community that Nigeria is used as a major base for global money-laundering schemes.
According to media reports, the money was found in a vacant apartment located in Ikoyi, arguably the most affluent neighborhood of the Nigerian capital and one of the wealthiest urban areas in Africa. The cash had been wrapped in transparent plastic sheets and hidden inside several metallic filing cabinets, as well as concealed behind a fake partition in a wooden wardrobe. According to a statement issued by the Nigerian government, the apartment was searched following tip-offs by local residents. The latter allegedly reported that a mysterious woman was seen entering or leaving the apartment with suspicious-looking bags at all hours of the day or night. Some residents told EFCC investigators that the woman may have been a man in disguise.
Government officials in Lagos said on Wednesday that the apartment belongs to the National Intelligence Agency, Nigeria's primary intelligence organization. An investigation has therefore been launched into how the cash was accumulated in the apartment, and whether it had been authorized by intelligence officials or other government executives. In the meantime, Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari ordered the immediate suspension of Ambassador Ayo Oke, who has been serving as director of the National Intelligence Agency. The ambassador is believed to be under house arrest and is not permitted to resume their professional duties until after the investigation has been completed. President Buhari has asked to be given the results of the investigation in two weeks.
► Author: Joseph Fitsanakis | Date: 20 April 2017 | Permalink
Advertisements
Almost everyone has heard of the game show “Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?” One Pennsylvania state lawmaker is taking it a step further, asking, “Are You Smarter Than a State Legislator?”
Sen. Anthony Williams, D-Philadelphia, is holding a contest in which applicants enter ideas for legislation. The winner will get to see their or their idea turned into a bill that Williams will propose in the Senate as well as an invite to testify on behalf of the bill during a Senate hearing.
It might sound like a way for a lawmaker to grab attention, but then again, at a time when people bemoan out-of-touch politicians, this could be just the type of spirit that's needed in government.
Community involvement is one of the pillars of democracy, Williams said on Wednesday. Some of the nation's most significant legislation such as Megan's Law has come from the ideas of constituents.
Williams isn't the first lawmaker to resort to game showlike stunts to increase public participation. They got the idea from California Sen. Joe Simitian, who has held a similar contest since 2001.
Sixteen of the bills proposed through this contest were signed into law in that state.
Democracy can only be preserved by the active participation of our citizens. This contest will encourage them to do that, Williams continued.
A few have mocked the idea, including Philadelphia Daily News columnist John Baer, but we're keeping an open mind. While this contest likely won't bring drastic changes to state government, it is a start.
At best, this notion could catch on and generate good ideas — as well as providing a needed pulse on what Pennsylvanians outside of lobbying circles want to see get done. At worst, few people take advantage, but maybe it makes them think about what issues they consider important for our lawmakers. And just maybe they share that idea with a legislator.
In the end, who wouldn't love to prove that they are smarter than a state legislator?
Education
The NRA is and always has been an educational institute. However, it seems that many people forget this is the case. Even the NRA's own website states "While widely recognized today as a major political force and as America's foremost defender of Second Amendment rights, the NRA has, since its inception, been the premier firearms education organization in the world."
In order to preserve Second Amendment values in a world that is becoming increasingly hostile to them, the NRA needs to push the educational message. Eddie Eagle has educated over 29 million children with its "Stop, Don't Touch, Run Away and Tell a Grown-up" message. However, its impact is limited to those parents that choose to expose their children to it.
I would like to see the NRA pursue the reintroduction of firearms education in schools throughout America. I believe that if we can pursue implementing a Eddie Eagle-like program in schools for young children, we can not only educate an entire generation about firearms safety, but potentially have them become Second Amendment advocates in the future. However, that is only a small step. As the children get older, I would like to see safe firearms handling taught in the classroom with the ultimate culmination being the reintroduction of school sanctioned shooting sports.
We teach our children about sex, drugs and how to operate vehicles safely because we understand that they will likely encounter them, whether parents want them to or not. Why are firearms any different?
Public Outreach
I firmly believe one of the best ways to change someone's opinion about firearms is to give them a positive experience with one. Many individuals who are "anti-gun" have never been exposed to a firearm. Instead, they rely on what they see in movies, television shows and what they are told by the news and politicians. While the NRA can spend endless amounts of money to target ads towards these people, nothing will be more effective than a member giving them basic firearms safety instruction and introducing them to shooting firearms in a safe manner.
I would like to see the NRA incentivize both NRA Affiliated Clubs and Members to conduct public outreach days, where non-members and individuals who have no experience with firearms are invited to clubs to learn basic firearms safety, handling, and are given an opportunity to shoot. It is my belief that this will change the perception of individuals who are "on the fence" or are "anti-gun" but have an open mind to either become firearms enthusiasts or at the very least neutral on the issue.
By having public outreach events, it humanizes the message the NRA tries to promote. And that humanization is worth more than any amount of advertising could bring to the table.
Public Perception
One area that the NRA needs to address is the public perception of the organization. Unfortunately, the mainstream media and politicians have painted the NRA as the "evil gun lobby" rather than an educational organization dedicated to teaching safe and proper firearms handling skills. I'm not suggesting that the NRA stop its political lobbying efforts or cease donating to candidates who support Second Amendment values. I am suggesting that the NRA needs to diligently work to change the public's perception as to what the organization is.
I believe the public outreach programs I outlined above are part of the key to success. While an ad campaign may be effective to targeted audiences, I don't believe simply running advertisements will effectively reshape the public's opinion of the organization. It will require the organization to help guide its members in effectuating that opinion shift. More importantly, the NRA needs to shape the messaging of what the organization is, rather than allowing outside entities to do it for them.
Accessibility to Members
One of the traits that I believe makes a good leader is listening to those around you. If I am elected, I pledge that I will always maintain an open line of communication with the members. As many discovered during the last election cycle, I do respond to inquiries and usually in a prompt manner. Apparently, this is is a rare occurrence given the number of surprised response I got from my initial reply.
The job of the Board of Directors is to serve the members. In order to do that effectively, I need to be able to hear directly from the members as to issues they see or suggestions they may have. I don't claim to have all of the answers but I know that listening to others helps in finding them.
National REciprocity
I firmly believe that National Reciprocity should be a top legislative priority of gun rights groups. Too many times individuals who are licensed to carry a firearm in their home state end up crossing an invisible line and finding themselves in a legal nightmare. One which often results in their prosecution and likely ends with them no longer being able to legally own or possess firearms or ammunition for the remainder of their lives absent a pardon from the Governor.
While anti-gun groups and politicians cry wolf, claiming that blood will run in the streets, the reality is that if a citizen is able to legally carry a firearm in their home state, they should be able to legally carry a firearm in any state they visit. The passing on National Reciprocity would ensure that law abiding citizens no longer find themselves in a potential legal nightmare.
Legislative INITIATIVES
There are several issues that I believe the NRA needs to support in order to help further gun rights at the Federal Level.
federal firearms relief determinations
Federal Firearms Relief Determinations are a lesser known issue to the majority of gun owners. Prior to 1992, Congress appropriated money to ATF to conduct hearings which would potentially grant relief to individuals who were federally prohibited from owning or possessing firearms and ammunition. Since 1992, Congress has stripped ATF of its ability to conduct these hearings, leaving thousands of individuals who have been convicted of non-violent crimes unable to own or possess firearms and ammunition. The NRA should make funding these determination hearings a legislative priority in order for thousands of your fellow citizens to regain their Second Amendment right.
Sporting Purposes Exemption
Since 1968 the firearms community has been burdened with the Sporting Purposes Exemption. Firearms, generally, cannot be imported into the United States unless the firearm is "generally recognized as particularly suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes." The problem with the Sporting Purposes Exemption is that the discretion lays solely in the Attorney General as to the suitability of the firearm and the criteria is rather nebulous. With modern day sporting events such as USPSA, 3 Gun, etc., the number of firearms suitable for "sporting purposes" should be astronomical, yet, the importation of many firearms is still barred. In fact, in the last study that ATF conducted, ATF found that "[w]hile some may consider practical shooting a sport, by its very nature it is closer to police/combat-style competition and is not comparable to the more traditional types of sports, such as hunting and organized competitive target shooting," exhibiting the problem with such an exemption. The NRA should push lawmakers to introduce legislation to eliminate such a nebulous clause.
A new version of the Apple Music app for Android was released today, and Android users who haven't already pledged their allegiance to Google Play or Spotify might find the Apple Music update intriguing.
The new version of the app gives Android users access to music videos inside of Apple Music, which were previously exclusive to iOS users. And Android users can now sign up for a family plan, which means six members of the household can access Apple Music for $14.99 a month rather than $9.99 per month per user.
Android users can now sign up for an Apple Music family plan
Apple Music for Android was last updated in February of this year. That update let users save downloaded content to an SD card in the phone.
This new update for Android comes just as Apple is increasing its content offerings around video in the Music app. Last month Vice Media rolled out a new documentary series exclusively for Apple Music, and Apple is reportedly making a scripted TV show with Dr. Dre that could debut on Apple Music.
The official website for the KanColle anime film revealed the film's title and teaser visual on Thursday. The title is Gekijō-ban KanColle (KanColle Movie Edition).
Starting on April 23, participating theaters nationwide will offer advance tickets with a Movie-Ticke Card for 1,500 yen (about US$13). Theaters are also offering a postcard set, while supplies last.
The film is slated for 2016. The August 2015 event that announced the film screened footage that features the Kan-musume characters Fubuki, Mutsuki, Yūdachi, Akagi and Kaga, Hiryū Kaini and Sōryū Kaini, the four Kongō sisters (Kaini), Kitakami and Ōi, Chōkai Kaini, Yūbari, Mutsu and Nagato, Kako Kaini and Furutaka Kaini, Zuikaku and Shōkaku, Shimakaze, Kuma, and Ōyodo.
The final episode of the television anime series had also revealed last March that the television anime would get a sequel. The anime's official Twitter account then indicated that the movie and the sequel are separate projects that are going into production at the same time.
The TV anime series premiered in January 2015 and Crunchyroll streamed it as it aired in Japan. The series is set in a world where humanity has lost control of the seas. The threat that has taken over the seas is the "deep sea fleet." The only ones who can counter this threat are Kan-musume (literally, warship girls), girls who possess the spirit of naval vessels from days gone by.
The base for the fleet arrayed against the "deep sea fleet" is Chinjufu. There, many various Kan-musume have gathered to live together and work hard everyday in training and other matters. One day, a Kan-musume arrives at Chinjufu.  They are a special class of destroyer, and their name is Fubuki.
Kadokawa Games launched the original free-to-play browser game with the service provider DMM.com in April 2013. In the game, players compete with cards featuring female moe characters inspired by Japanese World War II warships such as aircraft carriers, battleships, and cruisers. Players build, organize, and repair their anthropomorphized fleet to progress through maps.
Kantai Collection Kai a PlayStation Vita port of the game directed by the original browser game's producer and director Kensuke Tanaka, shipped in Japan in February after multiple delays.
Source: MoCa
*
La Braşov, în România, dar în Ardeal, există, de câţiva ani buni, un festival de rock extrem, în care cântă doar trupe precum „Darck Funeral”, dar nu de aceeaşi valoare. Şi nimeni nu se revoltă.
*
La Bucovina Rock Castle, au cântat, în vara trecută, metaliştii de la „Vader”, consideraţi „satanişti” în Polonia pentru că iau atitudine împotriva unor aspecte ale catolicismului. Asta le-a plăcut durilor lideri moldovani ai ortodoxiei, care, de-a lungul timpului, oricât s-au străduit cu panslavismul lor, nu au izbutit să ne deznaţionalizeze, să facă să dispară românismul din această pustietate europeană.
*
Atitudini împotriva atentatului la dumnezeire, pe care îl practică sutanele diverselor fragmentări ale Bisericii lui Iisus (vreme de secole s-a scris Isus, dar ortodoxia se diferenţiază de celelalte ruperi ale Bisericii lui Iisus printr-un „i” în plus), se iau şi nu doar în muzica rock. În fond, şi memoriul pe care l-am reprodus mai sus şi îl voi reproduce, îndată, şi prin pagina a doua, nu înseamnă altceva decât un „Vobiscum Satanas„, pentru că intoleranţa şi nedragostea faţă de „oile rătăcite” nu ţin de Iisus, ci de Satana.
*
*
Satanas înseamnă să judeci totul cu ură şi cu intoleranţă, să te crezi şi Dumnezeu, şi Neam Românesc, deşi calci cu neruşinată prefăcătorie şi pe sângele Bunului Iisus, şi pe istoria reală a Neamului Românesc. Nu a trecut mult de când nu mai suntem robii celor asemeni cetăţeanului de mai sus – doar un secol şi jumătate, şi iată că iarăşi ni se bagă pumnul în gură şi leşie caustică în creieri.
*
Rockerii de la „Dark Funeral”, prea sfinţiţilor, nu sunt popi ai unui cult, fie el şi satanic, ci muzicieni. Nu or să vă răpească enoriaşii. Recuzita şi măştile ţin de giumbuşlucurile scenice, nu de altceva. Nu în muzică trebuie căutat şi stigmatizat Stana, pentru că Satana s-a mutat în faţa multor altare creştine şi bolboroseşte noroios ca un vulcan numai cu pucioasă perfidă. Uitaţi-vă sub sutane, prea sfinţiţilor, şi nu vă mai bateţi capul cu mântuirea noastră.
*
Bunul Dumnezeu ne-a dăruit dreptul de a alege, de a opta, de a ne afla singuri calea, dar atentatorii la sacra Lui identitate vor să ne încoloneze şi să ne sfârtece. Nu-i apăr pe cei de la „Dark Funeral”. Dacă au rătăcit Calea, vor da socoteală în faţa Bunului Dumnezeu. Păcat, însă, că ne vom face de râs în faţa lumii civilizate, datorită dogmatismului tâmp al unor popi perfizi, precum autorul memoriului de mai sus.
Network: NBC
Air Date: 1999
Writer: Matt Groening, David X. Cohen
Creator: Matt Groening, David X. Cohen
Stars: Billy West, Katey Sagal, John DiMaggio
Premise: A delivery boy is cryogenically frozen in 1999. They emerge a thousand years later to fulfill their destiny as...a delivery boy.
Very few shows in the history of television have had as hard an act to follow as Futurama. You might have heard of Matt Groening's previous show, The Simpsons which received near universal acclaim en route to becoming a cultural institution. The stakes were high for Futurama, but the show did not disappoint.
The pilot comes out guns blazing, with a hilarious, smart, tightly executed arc. Nothing less than the meaning of life would do for the theme of Futurama's inaugural episode. Fry (West), a hapless delivery boy, expects a whole new lease on life after they find themselves a millennium in the future following a cryogenic mishap. Theirs travels through time don't change much though:  They are re-assigned their previous position as a delivery boy.
The pilot of Futurama is a triumph of scope and substance. So many of the great bits from the rest of the series begin here, from Nixon's head to Bender's drinking problem, as we are given a firm sense of the rules in this world. Bits alone wouldn't be enough to make this a great pilot though. What makes this episode great is that despite travelling a thousand years and through myriad well-drawn sets, Fry ends up exactly where they started. At the heart of this rollicking journey through the intricately constructed futuristic world is an examination of those huge existential questions that keep us up at night: Who, and why, are we?
Fry knows he's a delivery boy, but they are utterly unprepared for what that means for them in their new life. By the end of the pilot, they are both the same person they were before and fundamentally altered. We're excited to go on adventures with a man who knows they are a delivery boy, but has no idea what they will be delivering. —BG
A Russian warship has entered the eastern Mediterranean Sea Friday and is heading toward the two U.S. Navy destroyers that launched missile strikes into Syria, Fox News has learned.
The Russian frigate, Admiral Grigorovich RFS-494, crossed through the Bosphorus Strait “a few hours ago” from the Black Sea, according to a U.S. defense official.
WORLD REACTS TO MISSILE STRIKES
The Russian warship is now steaming in the direction of the U.S. warships.
The Admiral Grigorovich is armed with advanced Kalibr cruise missiles.
TRUMP SAYS MILITARY ACTION IN ‘VITAL NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST'
Also Friday, one of the American destroyers that launched the missiles into Syria started heading to an undisclosed location to rearm.
The U.S. struck a Syrian airbase in retaliation for this week's gruesome chemical weapons attack against civilians, including infants and small children, military officials said.
The frigate was bound for the Syrian port of Tartus on a routine voyage, the Russian news agency TASS reported Friday, citing a military-diplomatic source.
"The Russian ship armed with cruise missiles Kalibr will visit the logistics base in Tartus, Syria," the source said.
The ship was near the Black Sea straits, Tass reported. It left on a voyage after stopping at Novorossiisk for supplies and taking part in a joint exercise with Turkish ships in the Black Sea.
Nigeria has become the first Africa country to sign and ratify the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT), the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Olugbenga Ashiru, has disclosed.
"Nigeria becomes the first African country to sign and ratify the Arms Trade Treaty (ATT).
"This landmark event represents our deep commitment to a treaty which establishes common international standards for the import, export and transfer of conventional arms.
"We remain resolute and unyielding in our efforts to uphold the principle of ATT and, in particular, ensure that small arms and light weapons are appropriately transferred and access denied to terrorist groups, pirates, bandits and the like," Mr. Ashiru said while signing the treaty.
They noted that Nigeria co-sponsored the treaty and coordinated the African group throughout the process of negotiation of the treaty.
According to the minister, the adoption of the treaty was a realisation of efforts that started in 2006, following the adoption of the United Nations resolution 61/89.
Mr. Ashiru explained that the resolution recommended the establishment of common international standards for the import, export and transfer of conventional arms.
The spokesperson for Control Arms, Anna Macdonald, in their remarks at the event, noted that throughout the negotiations on the ATT, Nigeria was a leader for the African continent.
"We are proud of Nigeria's leadership again today as Foreign Minister Olugbenga Ashiru simultaneously signs and ratifies this first ever global agreement regulating the transfer of arms and ammunition.
"Africa has long suffered the impact of an arms trade that is out of control. From Somalia to Mali to the DRC, weapons have been entering conflict zones and increasing the level of violence for decades.
"Other African countries must now step forward and follow Nigeria's lead. The continent needs an ATT that is in effect and implemented as soon as possible.
"With over 80 countries' signatures and several ratifications since the treaty opened for signature, there is momentum to urgently ensure the ATT becomes international law and starts saving lives.
"Fifty ratifications are needed for the treaty to enter into force, and we call on all states to get to work on their national legislation as soon as possible," they said.
NAN
Story highlights A dozen people reportedly killed in ISIS captivity, UN refugee agency says
Group says ISIS uses captives as human shields in fight against Iraqi troops
(CNN) ISIS militants have captured up to 3,000 people displaced from their homes trying to flee conflict zones in northern Iraq, the United Nations said Friday, reportedly killing 12 of them.
More than 4 million people have been displaced within Iraq.
The UN refugee agency said it had received reports that ISIS rounded up the thousands of internally displaced people Thursday from villages as they tried to escape to the city of Kirkuk.
"Reportedly, 12 of the IDPs have been killed in captivity," the agency said in its daily Iraq update, using an acronym for internally displaced persons.
The battle for Mosul
Read More
When Gene Roddenberry was devising the original Star Trek in 1965, they predicted humans would make common use of teleportation and faster-than-lightspeed travel. But one 23rd century innovation was either missing, or absent because nobody wanted it: converged electronic devices.
Cosmonauts who needed a data device got a tricorder, which was basically a PDA. Those who need voice calls got a communicator, which was a mobile phone. Sometimes you wonder if Roddenberry wasn't on to something, and that these huge industries have been chasing a phantom, something that nobody really needs, for many years.
I don't think that's quite the case - but things have been more problematic than anyone envisaged. And the answer, perhaps, has been staring us in the face.
It's Convergence, Jim - but not as we know it
Yesterday I wrote how Nokia executives sound peevish and a bit fed up on their big day on Tuesday. Perhaps you would too, if you'd invented the smartphone 15 years ago, and you still sold the most smartphones - then saw somebody else come along and pocket all the profits. But there's a factor here that almost everyone forgets, which has nothing to do with technology, design or logistics. It becomes obvious when you look at the history, because getting everything else “right” still doesn't help. Only by taking a long view does it become quite striking.
Let there be data
Let's go back to the early 1990s, with huge investments going into the first 2G digital cellular networks, which opened for business in 1992. It was clear to a lot of people that data would become part of the mobile deal. This informed thinking in Europe, Japan and the USA, and the development of CDMA and the first UMTS meetings in 1992.
Consumer deployments would be years of wrangling away, but once GSM took off in the mid-1990s it was evident that mobile data would most probably be brought to us by the same people who brought us those mobile networks. They would have such a strong economic and organisational advantages (they made money, had access to capital, had the best sites, a fast growing user base, and knew how to co-operate) that new market entrants touting some whizzy new new technology (for example an Iridium, or a Wi-Fi network) would almost certainly fail.
This tended to focus minds wonderfully. The PDAs of the early 1990s were also sprouting comms ports, even though the destinations were a PC (via a serial link) or a CompuServe or AOL. The Psions and Newtons were already “communicators”, they just weren't integrated communicators. So the leading phone companies began to think about how to put data on a phone.
A smartphone from late 1997: Sharp's G1
At CeBIT in the mid-1990s, Nokia and Ericsson would happily show you could see “concept designs” of integrated touch screen communicators. When it began writing a new OS in 1994, Psion had the foresight to anticipate what phone manufacturers might one day need, and the resulting Epoc had an advantage in resource consumption and performance, as well as a rich and flexible framework for applications. The three largest phone companies all agreed to pool development on this joint venture, Microsoft swore vengeance, and a long, phoney war followed for several years.
But this happy consensus tended to obscure some issues which were acknowledged but not really addressed by anyone in the industry. The Roddenberry conundrum was still alive and well.
The data people wanted to make the experience as rich as possible, thinking of sophisticated devices that were really mobile computers, that also did voice. The other school of thought envisaged data as being a service, a bolt-on to a device which was still a voice phone first and foremost.
Naturally operators took the second view – and not always for Machiavellian reasons. They thought the untamed World Wide Web looked a little too much like the Wild Wild West, and not enough like a service. Current mobile data usage patterns show that they were as right as they were wrong. So they steered everyone towards a portal – their own portal, of course.
But while the operators thought in terms of services, they were uniquely incapable of delivering interesting or innovating services, lurched from WAP to walled gardens. Hopping out of the walled garden wasn't so difficult, but it was a minority pursuit.
Nokia, being Nokia, tried to please everybody. And why not, it had the scale to do so.
Sharks Team Up With Oakland Athletics To Help Fight Juvenile Diabetes by San Jose Sharks Staff / San Jose Sharks
The San Jose Sharks players work hard to assist each other on-the-ice. On June 30, Sharks Radio Play-by-Play Announcer Dan Rusanowsky will be off-the-ice assisting the Oakland Athletics in the A's 12th annual Mug Root Beer Float Day to benefit the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF).
Rusanowsky, members of the Sharks Foundation and other celebrities will be serving Mug Root Beer and Orange Crush floats from 10:35 a.m. to 12:35 p.m. in the Eastside Club of the O.co Coliseum immediately before the Athletics vs. Florida Marlins game. All proceeds for the event will be donated to JDRF courtesy of the Athletics and Pepsi.
Admission to the event is free with a ticket to that afternoon's game. Root beer and orange soda floats will be $2 or for $25 you can buy a 32 oz. mug signed by Athletics pitcher and event captain Trevor Cahill and receive unlimited refills.
For more information, visit www.oakland.athletics.mlb.com
View Less
Captain Kirk and an animal rights group raised the cruelty alarm over Norwegian Cruise Line's "swim with dolphins" experiences for Trekkies on an upcoming voyage.
William Shatner and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals have urged a popular cruise line to stop offering "swim with dolphins" experiences on their upcoming Star Trek: The Cruise voyage.
PETA on Thursday released a letter to Norwegian Cruise Line in which Shatner, who hosted an earlier Star Trek cruise on the Norwegian Jade, asked the shipping company to end Trekkies boldly swimming with dolphins.
"Aboard the USS Enterprise, it was Captain Kirk's duty 'to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations' in order to advance and diversify our own," Shatner wrote Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings CEO Frank J. Del Rio. "The exploitation of any species for profit and entertainment would have violated the Prime Directive," they added.
The next Star Trek: The Cruise, this time not hosted by Shatner, will set sail in January 2018 from Miami and make stops in Honduras, Belize and Mexico. Shatner argued he's "happy" their fans can sail on the themed Norwegian Jade voyage but insisted that condemning captive animals to a "lifetime of suffering" for entertainment cannot be justified.
"Surely, Star Trek fans would appreciate the decision to allow dolphins to remain in the wild — and prosper," they urged.
Norwegian Cruise Line could not be reached for comment.
The press release speaks for itself:
Paizo Licenses Pathfinder MMO Rights
Goblinworks to Produce Next-Generation Fantasy Sandbox MMO
November 21, 2011 (REDMOND, Wash.) – Paizo Publishing, LLC has licensed the MMORPG electronic gaming rights to its smash-hit Pathfinder Roleplaying Game intellectual property to Goblinworks, a Redmond, Washington game developer and publisher that will create Pathfinder Online, a next-generation fantasy sandbox massively multiplayer online game. Founded by Paizo co-owner Lisa Stevens (Pathfinder RPG, Vampire: The Masquerade, Magic: The Gathering), game industry veteran Ryan S. Dancey (Dungeons & Dragons Third Edition, EVE Online), and experienced MMO developer Mark Kalmes (Microsoft, Cryptic Studios, CCP), Goblinworks is an independent company that will work with Paizo Publishing to bring the award-winning world and adventures of the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game to the online gaming market. The process has only just begun, and there is plenty of opportunity for gamers to get in on the ground floor of this exciting new project. Paizo and Goblinworks are committed to soliciting player feedback about the Pathfinder Online project, and more information can be found at goblinworks.com.
Pathfinder Online will cast players as heroes in a unique online fantasy world filled with sword & sorcery adventures and kingdoms inhabited and controlled by thousands of competing players. Players can explore, develop, adventure, and dominate by playing fighters, rogues, clerics, or any of Pathfinder's many character classes, or they can go beyond the standard options to create nearly any type of character imaginable. Find lairs, ruins, and caverns filled with monstrous creatures and incredible treasure. Build glittering cities of castles and bustling markets. Take to the battlefield with vast armies to seize and hold territory. Players change the world and create new stories as they compete for resources, land, and military might. The possibilities are endless.
“I've been hoping for a chance to work with Lisa and the Paizo team on a Pathfinder project for years, and now that we're joining forces to produce Pathfinder Online, I couldn't be happier or more excited,” said Goblinworks CEO Ryan S. Dancey. “My goal is to bring the high-quality experience Paizo has delivered for Pathfinder to the MMO platform, and to give players another fantastic way to experience the world of Golarion.”
Learn more about Pathfinder Online at goblinworks.com.
ABOUT PAIZO PUBLISHING
Paizo Publishing®, LLC is a leading publisher of fantasy roleplaying games, accessories, board games, and novels. Paizo's Pathfinder® Roleplaying Game, the result of the largest open playtest in the history of tabletop gaming, is currently the best-selling tabletop roleplaying game in hobby stores. Pathfinder Adventure Path is the most popular and best-selling monthly product in the tabletop RPG industry. Paizo.com is the leading online hobby retail store, offering tens of thousands of products from a variety of publishers to customers all over the world. In the nine years since its founding, Paizo Publishing has received more than 50 major awards and has grown to become one of the most influential companies in the hobby games industry.
ABOUT GOBLINWORKS
Goblinworks is the developer and publisher of Pathfinder Online, a next-generation fantasy sandbox MMO. The company is located in the Seattle suburb of Redmond. It was founded in 2011 by a dedicated group of creative professionals with backgrounds in tabletop hobby gaming and online videogame development. Goblinworks is dedicated to creating a fun, immersive online gaming experience for the fantasy roleplaying enthusiast. Its goal is to deliver the best sword & sorcery massively multiplayer game on the market by starting with a carefully designed core of features and iterating on the content continuously after launch, with the input and feedback of the player community.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
No word on release date, format, pricing, or anything else along those lines. I'm sure that more information will be forthcoming. My hope is that they make a good game, and do so along the free-to-play lines, rather than a monthly subscription. There's only one fantasy MMO who can get away with monthly fees, and its name is WoW.
The Victorian government has come under even more fire for their divisive new rebrand. As Fairfax reports, Premier Daniel Andrews has been accused of breaching copyright after their latest video promoting the state used a piece of unpaid music.
As readers can see and indeed hear below, the two-and-a-half-minute Visit Victoria film, which was uploaded to the Premier's Facebook page on Saturday night, features background music bearing a very explicit aural watermark from a popular online audio market.
A female voice soothingly reading the words “AudioJungle” can be heard throughout the film, as the Victorian Premier is seen walking around Melbourne, touting it as a cultural hub and home to artists of all stripes, all the while using music that wasn't paid for.
Melbourne-based video producer Ben Whimpey told Fairfax they noticed the gaff on Monday night. “Video producers …utilise services like AudioJungle where you have a whole series of stock music that you can purchase for a small fee to use in your video,” they said.
As Whimpey notes, watermarked previews of the stock music are available to hear before you purchase. “These websites allow you to download the music which has their watermark or audiomark throughout the whole video, in this particular case AudioJungle.”
“So as the music is playing you hear underneath, ‘AudioJungle, AudioJungle', which identifies that this music has been stolen or hasn't been paid or licensed correctly.” However, according to a spokesperson for the Premier, the whole thing is a “simple mistake”.
Our state has the best of everything. LIKE and SHARE if you agree. Posted by Daniel Andrews on Friday, August 14, 2015
“The government had all the licensing in place,” spokesperson Chris Piper said. “However, a draft version of the video was accidentally uploaded rather than the final version, which did not contain the audio watermark.”
Mr Piper said the correct version of the video has since been uploaded on YouTube as well as the Visit Victoria website. Still, it's not hard to understand why the “simple mistake” has raised a few eyebrows, considering the video was in support of a large government campaign.
“It is a lack of attention to detail. It makes our government look stupid,” said Mr Whimpey, who claims the reason many have taken issue with the controversial clip is because it was meant to be promoting the best Victoria has to offer.
They said the incident also highlighted the constant copyright battle facing creatives. “As an artist, I spend a lot of money investing in intellectual property, a lot of it at my own expense,” they told The Age.
“In this particular case, a musician or an artist has created music that has effectively been stolen or ripped and placed in a video.” Fellow video content producer Adrian Jackson said the use of unpaid music “shows a lack of respect for creative professionals”.
Mr Jackson said they saw the video on Tuesday at 9.30am, but the clip was taken off the Premier's Facebook page sometime before 4pm. “It shows a little a bit of carelessness and trying to do things on the cheap,” they said.
Instead, the president lashes out at America's real enemy: the GOP.
After a meeting with the National Security Council to discuss the Orlando massacre, the deadliest mass shooting in American history, Barack Obama was angry. He's more impassioned than we've ever seen him. They were speaking from the heart. He's lashing out! Because you know what really grinds their gears? Republicans.
“That's the key, they say,” Obama said, eviscerating the GOP. “We can't defeat them unless we call them radical Islamists. What exactly would use this label accomplish? What exactly would it change?”
A lot, actually.
As a matter of realpolitik, perhaps it makes sense to avoid the phrase “radical Islam.” We don't want to offend the Mullahs, theocratic sheiks, oligarchic princes, Arab strongmen, and future junta leaders of the Middle East. We need to work with these people, after all. What should bother you, though, is that Obama constantly tries to chill speech by insinuating that anyone who does associate violence with radical Islam—which includes millions of adherents—is a bigot. This is a president who also intimates that anyone who is critical of everyday Islam's widespread illiberalism—for example, all nations where homosexuality is punishable by death are Muslim—is also a bigot.
It's not as if Obama shies away from lecturing people about faith. Saying the words “radical Islam” is a step too far, but bringing up events from the year 1095 to create a tortured moral equivalence is just fine. Not only has Obama implored us to avoid critical rhetoric about Islam, but they demand that Americans (secular apostates like myself included) act as if all faiths are equally tolerant of our lives. This is the president who tells the world that “the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam.” Can you imagine Obama going to the United Nations General Assembly and declaring the same for Jesus Christ?
Exempting Islam from discourse is to place Muslims outside the norms of American debate.
Nor has Obama hesitated to lecture Christians, who supposedly use religious freedom as an “excuse” for “discrimination,” to evolve and abandon their antiquated ways. After years of propaganda equating evangelicals with Islamic fundamentalists (who aren't the true adherents of Islam, according to pundits who've probably never read a single book about the faith), many liberals make no distinction between the two anymore. For them, supporting the idea sex-specific bathrooms is only a small step from massacring gay Americans. This is what denial of reality can do to a society. You can see it all manifesting in liberal punditry.
Obama isn't a secret Muslim, and, regardless of what many people tell me, I'm sure their intentions are good. But abdication of the most obvious truths allows demagogues like Donald Trump to appear to be brave truth-tellers. Blaming all Muslims is as dumb as pretending this terror has nothing to do with Islam. One absurd position just reinforces the other.
“We have a proposal from the presumptive Republican presidential nominee to bar all Muslims from immigrating to America,” Obama explained, claiming that those kinds of ideas do the terrorists' job for them. I'm sure that Trump's rhetoric on this matter is highly counterproductive. But if you're willing to murder scores of innocent people in the name of Islam because a blowhard U.S. presidential candidate has an immigration proposal you dislike, that's a problem and an Islam problem before it's a Trump problem. Also, the idea that we have a president more willing to accuse the GOP nominee of instigating terrorism than they are willing to accuse radical Islam is a problem for all of us.
Don't you wish Obama would get this worked up about the FBI, which allowed Omar Mateen to slip away from two investigations?
Exempting Islam from discourse is to place Muslims outside the norms of American debate. This is a luxury no other political philosophy or theology enjoys. Obviously, this helps us make events like this about gay marriage or guns or whatever liberal agenda item can be squeezed from tragedy. That would be fine if we weren't also asked to ignore the actual problem.
Islamists use planes and bombs, and sometimes guns. You can believe all the things you want about the NRA, the availability of “weapons of war,” and Christian homophobia, and still believe that Islamic terrorism is a unique movement that threatens us in a way that the random madman opening fire in a theater does not. Liberals love to point out how rare Islamic-inspired violence is—let's ban white men! But they fail to point out that we spend billions every year to stop terrorism. If we didn't, we'd be in for yearly 9/11s.
By the way, don't you wish Obama would get this worked up about the FBI, which allowed Omar Mateen to slip away from two investigations—one of those, reportedly, because they blamed their actions on Islamophobia? Law enforcement sources now say that Disney notified the FBI that Omar and their wife may have been casing the amusement park back in April. Maybe there was nothing actionable for FBI. So rather than suggesting we undermine the Fifth Amendment and Second Amendment, maybe it's time to ask why the billions of dollars we spend fighting terrorism are failing.
Mostly, though, I'm not sure why a peaceful Muslim would not appreciate being set apart from Islamists by the president. “Radical Islam” distinguishes between extremists and moderates. Other than allowing liberals to accuse anyone who brings up theological problems of being Islamophobic, what other purpose does ignoring this distinction achieve? The president has yet to explain.
Seattle police (Photo: KING 5)
SEATTLE (AP) — A Seattle police officer has been charged with helping smuggle hundreds of pounds of marijuana to Baltimore.
Alex Chapackdee, a 44-year-old patrol officer who's been with the department since 2000, was arrested Saturday. According to a federal criminal complaint unsealed Monday, they are one of four men charged with conspiring to distribute marijuana. Authorities say they are the brother-in-law of the group's ringleader.
"While (it is) always disturbing to investigate one of our own, I am proud of the detectives and commanders who worked diligently on this case," Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole said in a written statement. "Officer Chapackdee's conduct is disgraceful and disappointing. While they will have their due process in the courts, I hope these charges demonstrate to our community that SPD will not tolerate corrupt behavior in our ranks."
The FBI said Chapackdee made several trips last fall in which they drove the marijuana to Baltimore in their recreational vehicle, met up with other conspirators and then drove back with cash proceeds. The complaint says they then deposited close to $20,000 in cash into their bank account.
Chapackdee's attorney, David Gehrke, said they wouldn't comment on allegations before seeing the government's evidence. However, they said the arrest has been extremely difficult for Chapackdee, whom they described as a well-respected officer, as well as for Chapackdee's wife and four children.
"This is a huge fall from grace, an embarrassment," Gehrke said.
Investigators began looking into them after a confidential source reported that their brother-in-law had been paying them $10,000 a month to keep an eye on marijuana grow houses and to provide them with information about law-enforcement activities, the complaint said.
Seattle police say Chapackdee is on unpaid leave. A magistrate judge on Monday ordered them held in custody pending a hearing on Friday.
Read or Share this story: http://www.kitsapsun.com/story/news/2017/05/08/fbi-seattle-officer-helped-run-marijuana-baltimore/101450900/
South Korea is a popular travel destination adored by many, but a recent survey suggests that almost 80 percent of its citizens want out. Why?
South Korea sees millions of visitors each year, with many tourists flocking to the nation for its seasonal beauty, exotic food, vibrant pop culture, and expertise in the beauty industry. To many K-pop and K-drama fans, South Korea might seem like a dreamland, but a recent survey by South Korean website Saramin suggests that, in reality, the majority of the population are longing to leave their homeland for good.
The survey asked a total of 1,655 men and women if they wished to migrate out of South Korea, to which 78.6 percent of the participants responded that they would if they could. Among them, 47.9 percent were already making actual plans to exit the country.
The younger generation showed stronger intentions to leave, with 80 percent of the participants in their 20s expressing a desire to move to foreign lands, as compared to individuals in their 40s (72.4 percent) and those above the age of 50 (59 percent).
What's pushing the citizens of South Korea towards foreign pastures? Here are the top seven reasons cited by those who participated in the survey:
1. The desire for a lifestyle that allows more freedom, instead of being chased around the clock by the pressures of work (applies to both job-seekers and working adults).
2. Poor living and working conditions
3. Economic inequality
4. Anxiety over life after retirement
5. Being sick of the highly competitive society
6, A feeling that the country is not protecting its people
7. Other countries providing better welfare systems
Every job has its own difficulties, and it would be impossible to completely escape the pressures of work, no matter which country one lives in, but the working environment in South Korea must be in quite a dire state for that particular reason to rank in at the top of the list. We're not experts on the welfare policies in South Korea, but having a poor welfare system combined with a non-existent work-life balance does sound like an endless nightmare.
Is the grass really greener on the other side, or are the South Koreans simply griping about the lemons life is giving them? If you have any insight on the issue, share your views in the comments section below!
Source: Nate News via Zhaizhai News
Top image: Wikimedia Commons/Smirne76
A grand jury has been impanelled to consider evidence in the fatal police shooting of Akai Gurley, the Brooklyn district attorney has announced.
Gurley, who was 28, was shot dead by a rookie officer on 20 November at the Pink Houses public housing block in East New York, in what police have described as an accidental discharge. Gurley, who was descending a stairwell in the block, was unarmed. They were described by NYPD police commissioner Bill Bratton as a “total innocent”.
“I pledge to conduct a full and fair investigation and to give the grand jury all of the information necessary to do its job,” Brooklyn district attorney Ken Thompson said in a statement announcing the grand jury, which will have the power to press criminal charges.
Thompson said there was no date at present for the grand jury to convene. They rejected calls for a special prosecutor to handle the case in the wake of perceived bias in recent grand jury decisions in the cases of Eric Garner and Michael Brown.
“I was elected by the people of Brooklyn to do this job without fear or favour, and that is exactly what I intend to do,” Thompson said.
The announcement came as it was revealed by the New York Daily News that an officer involved in the shooting texted their union representative instead of calling for medical assistance in the immediate aftermath of the shooting.
As rookie officer Peter Liang and their partner entered a darkened stairwell, Liang's gun discharged and a bullet struck Gurley, who was with their girlfriend on the seventh floor, in the torso.
Quoting a number of unnamed law enforcement sources, the Daily News said that after the incident, neither Liang nor their partner, Shaun Landau, could be reached by their superiors for more than six minutes. The New York police department (NYPD) reportedly learned of the incident from a neighbour's 911 call, after which it attempted and failed to reach Liang and Landau.
Kenneth Montgomery, the lawyer representing Gurley's parents, told the Guardian the allegations, “if in fact true, [are] egregious on several fronts”. They said a grand jury could view such actions “as criminally negligent or an act of depravity”, revealing “a lack of humanity” on the part of Liang.
An NYPD spokesperson refused to comment on the case.
Gurley's case is one of several in recent months in which the killing of an unarmed black man by police has provoked outrage and calls for change and accountability in law enforcement. On Wednesday, a Staten Island grand jury chose not to indict NYPD officer Daniel Pantaleo for using a chokehold in an arrest that caused the death of a 43-year-old man, Eric Garner.
Also on Wednesday, it emerged that a Cleveland police officer who shot and killed Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old boy carrying a fake gun, had previously been deemed unfit for duty.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Louis Pink Houses. Photograph: Lucas Jackson/Reuters
A law enforcement source told the Daily News the officers' decision not to radio for help was mystifying: “The guy is dying and you still haven't called it in?” The source said Liang and Landau eventually reported an accidental discharge.
Other sources said officers at the housing development had been explicitly ordered not to patrol the stairwells, a tactic known as “verticals”. After Gurley was shot in the chest, they and their girlfriend hobbled to find help two floors below. Gurley was pronounced dead at Brookdale Hospital later that night.
Hours before the grand jury announcement, Gurley's mother, Sylvia Palmer, made their first appearance since their son's death.
“I need justice for my son. I want my son to rest in peace with the respect they deserved,” Palmer said. “It's like I feel like I'm lying in the morgue with them right now. I need my son back.”
More than 250 staffers at The Guardian have accepted buyouts
A total of 268 employees are taking buyouts at The Guardian as the paper attempts to stem more than $227 million in losses from the last financial year.
The newspaper is losing some of its most prominent leaders and bylines in the exodus: Aron Pilhofer, the The Guardian's executive editor of digital, is joining Temple University as the school's James B. Steele Chair in Journalism Innovation. Politico reported Wednesday that a trio of marquee names are also on their way out: Middle East editor Ian Black, senior digital editor Matt Wells and defense and security specialist Richard Norton-Taylor.
The layoffs come as The Guardian's business model, which is based on selling ads against a massive audience, is being tested by numerous challenges: The rise of ad-blocking, a shift toward advertising on social networks and a rough advertising market in the wake of the Brexit referendum.
Meanwhile, The Guardian is placing its revenue hopes in a membership model, which many staffers at the newspaper doubt can reverse revenue declines, according to Politico.
Alan Rusbridger, the former longtime editor of The Guardian, was a champion of the newspaper's free content strategy that was based on dramatically expanding its readership. Rusbridger was slated to become chairperson of The Scott Trust, which owns Guardian Media Group, but they were forced to abandon that appointment as The Guardian's tenuous financial position became clear.
Correction: A previous version of this story said more than 250 journalists had accepted buyouts at The Guardian. In fact, more than 250 employees have accepted buyouts.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
Since Deng Xiaoping's administration launched its Reform and Opening Up policies in the late 1970s, China has integrated hundreds of millions of its citizens into the global economy, resulting in poverty alleviation on an unprecedented scale. This is in no small part due to sustained investment in both physical and social infrastructure. By focusing on upgrading its water, energy, transport and telecommunications systems, China has shown an intrinsic understanding of an indispensable developmental building block.
Expanding on its domestic successes, China has since been replicating this approach in the developing world, filling a public good vacuum that global development institutions, namely the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank, have not tackled with the necessary intensity. In the process, China has been underwriting global poverty reduction in steel and cement; gaining not only access to the developing world's resources and markets, but also stronger partnerships on many levels. Two regions – Central Asia and especially Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) – stand out for the breadth and depth of Chinese involvement. Is China helping to pave their path to modernity?
Development via Infrastructure?
China's modern leaders took note of the role that large infrastructure projects played in the development of the world's two largest economic hubs, the United States and Europe. Investing as much as 9 percent of GDP in infrastructure in the 1990s and 2000s, China laid the foundations for its current success. At its peak, in the years between 2001 and 2006, more was spent on roads, tracks, airports and other fixed assets than had been spent in the previous fifty years put together. Nearly every corner of the country is being linked, regardless of soil, latitude or climate conditions; high-speed train lines already connect most of the major urban hubs and highways will connect more than 90 percent of cities with a population of more than 200,000 by the end of 2015. In that same year, China's total highway length is expected to surpass that of the U.S. As of this year, China's mobile phone users reached a staggering 1.11 billion; and it has achieved an Internet penetration rate of 42.1%, giving it the world's largest online population. Allocation of public resources to infrastructure has allowed China to maximize and exploit its competitive advantages and has made it a magnet for foreign enterprises and investors. Infrastructure both embodies and catalyzes development.
China's social infrastructure, its hospitals and schools, are not too far behind. Although significant deficiencies persist, both the health and education systems have made great strides despite the challenges of managing such a vast population. Life expectancies have risen steadily over the past thirty years, while maternal and infant mortality have plummeted. The country's top universities are pumping out graduates with the knowledge and attitudes necessary to compete on the global stage, and are increasingly attracting top foreign talent as well. According to a McKinsey study, by 2030, China will account for 30% of the world's new college‐educated workers. With the Chinese government spending over US$250 billion a year on education, it would not be surprising to see Tsinghua, Peking or Fudan universities begin to challenge the best of the West over the next few decades. Thanks to their lower fees as well as grants and scholarships from the Chinese government, many of these schools' international students are from developing nations. Upon visiting six African nations on their first international trip as China's president, Xi Jinping announced 18,000 new scholarships for African students to study in Chinese universities over the next three years. Many of the recipients will return home with honed skills and fresh ideas on how to jumpstart their countries' economies. Increasingly, they will arrive to find their governments on honeymoon with Beijing – not Washington.
Share
Research in Motion will unveil BlackBerry 10 in just over two weeks time on January 30, but you won't be able to buy the phones running the new operating system until sometime after the global launch event. The exact date should be revealed on the day, however in November last year, RIM's chief operating officer let slip in an interview that BB10 phones would be on sale within 30 days of the event.
Now, an image has circulated on the Internet purportedly showing a screenshot taken from Best Buy Canada's stock control system, where a BlackBerry 10 device headed for the Bell network is listed for release on February 28. Coincidentally – or not – that's 29 days after the official debut.
What's more, the screenshot also provides the retail price of the phone, a rather high $799. Although which model of BlackBerry 10 this refers to isn't stated, we'd be surprised if the QWERTY N Series device was so extravagantly priced, and expect this to be for the touchscreen Z10. Even so, a presumably SIM-free cost of $800 puts it just $50 shy of an unlocked 64GB iPhone 5 from Apple, and at least $250 more than the average cost of a 16GB Samsung Galaxy S3.
Of course, there's nothing to say the price – or the release date, for that matter – seen in the image is genuine, and both could be placeholders waiting for RIM to provide solid, official information at the end of the month.
We had the chance to spend some quality time with BlackBerry 10 during CES 2013, and found it had improved considerably since out first meeting with RIM's potential savior some six months ago. However, here's hoping that steep price tag isn't right, as the last thing RIM wants to do is price itself out of the market.
Facebook is making major changes to its advertising strategy, including putting ads before videos and requiring videos to be longer before they can have ad breaks.
The company announced in a blog post on Thursday that it would be adding six-second pre-roll ads before videos starting next year. The ads would likely be before Watch content, Facebook's TV-style show content.
"While pre-roll ads don't work well in News Feed, we think they will work well in Watch because it's a place where people visit and come back to with the intention to watch videos," Facebook product management director Maria Angelidou-Smith and product manager Abhishek Bapna wrote in the post.
Facebook will also require videos that want to include ad breaks to be at least three minutes long starting in January, with the first ad appearing at the one minute mark. Previously videos had to be a minimum of 90 seconds, and the first ad break was allowed to appear after 20 seconds. Facebook research showed user satisfaction increased 18 percent when the ad break was later in the video, which it believes will lead to more people continuing to watch after the commercial.
The company will only allow live video ad breaks on pages with more than 50,000 followers, removing ads from people who post live videos on their profile.
"Live video publishers below this threshold also tend to have smaller audiences for their broadcasts, and therefore aren't able to garner meaningful revenue from Ad Breaks," Angelidou-Smith and Bapna wrote. "We'll continue to work jointly with our partners on testing and improving the product to deliver value."
In addition, the company said it would be rolling out changes to the News Feed to include more videos from publishers and creators that users frequently view. Creators will also be able to share their videos with all their followers.
Sponsored videos will still also be allowed. The number of branded videos has quadrupled since the beginning of 2017, the company said.
We owe each other a better prescription for hard times than “If you don't like it, leave.”
That, in short, is the reaction to an op-ed published earlier this week, in which columnist Matt Gurney advised millennials struggling to make ends meet in Toronto decamp to other pastures — even if those pastures aren't quite so green.
(Full disclosure: I've appeared on Gurney's radio show, shared a beer with them once, and occasionally argued with them on Twitter about science fiction.)
Gurney won't be surprised that readers think he's a jerk for holding this view. People born and raised in Toronto understandably get their backs up at the idea that the city they love, that they've contributed to all their lives, is no longer theirs, thanks to the vicissitudes of global capitalism.
The problem is, jerk or not, he's right. Here's their thesis: “A lot of millennials, including many who grew up in or around Toronto, are probably going to have to seek work elsewhere. And you know what? It's OK. The sooner they realize this, the better it will be for them.”
This is undeniably correct, especially the last part. What can easily be interpreted as a scolding — “You stupid millennials, learn to pack a U-Haul” — is better seen as an invitation. Toronto's unemployment rate is currently higher than in Barrie, London, Ottawa, and Windsor. Hell, Thunder Bay's unemployment rate is nearly a full point lower than Toronto's, if you believe Statistics Canada. There are jobs out there, in places where homes are available for a proverbial song relative to prices in the 416.
This is the exact sort of economic calculation that brings so many people to Toronto in the first place, only reversed: come for the big-city wages in hopes of be able to afford a nice home and start your life; leave for a smaller city where the housing is cheaper if your wages can't keep up. As Gurney writes, the people who move first will reap the biggest rewards — and it's easier to do that before the mortgage and the kids arrive.
Not that this is easy; but it's also not the end of the world. If you live in Toronto, try boarding the subway (or better yet, the bus) and estimate how many of your fellow passengers were born in the city. It's painful to leave home, but a great many people who live in Toronto already have — that's how they got here.
Indeed, the dirty little secret of Toronto demography is that, were it not for international immigration, the GTA would be losing people: more leave the region every year than arrive from elsewhere in the province or from other provinces. Heated arguments on Twitter and elsewhere over whether people should leave Toronto are kind of silly when they already are, by the tens of thousands. Sure, some people fall in love with the city and never leave, but many others tire of the constant compromises living here demands and move on.
Where I think Gurney is dead wrong is their focus on economic opportunities elsewhere, when Toronto's housing woes aren't really a result of low wages. (There is, of course, real poverty in this city that needs to be addressed, but that's even less amenable to the U-Haul solution.)
There are, relative unemployment rates notwithstanding, plenty of jobs in Toronto. Many of them pay well enough that millennials just starting their careers can fairly ask how even a one-bedroom condo is beyond their reach. The problem the city faces now isn't a deficit of good jobs, but the opposite: there's an army of young professionals earning decent-ish money while fighting tooth and nail for shelter. Plenty of them would look elsewhere (and many already are), but as long as employers locate in the GTA, so will their workers.
Yes, Toronto's housing shortage will partly be sorted out by those who leave the market for other cities. But the only permanent solution to the crisis is to build enough homes to match all the workers Toronto attracts — and that's where the city (and cities in the 905) have fallen short.
Why? Well, let me match Gurney's unpleasant truth with one of my own: if you don't currently own a house in Toronto, preferably a detached one, the city's political class doesn't care about you and doesn't even really want you. They rail against nearly every new tower; even timid attempts to make tower-induced density work better, like the King streetcar pilot council approved last week, are watered down so as not to offend home-owning motorists. Provincial efforts to “cool” the housing market, meanwhile, are explicitly aimed at maintaining current house prices and rental rates, not lowering them.
These are structural problems in our politics, and even a market crash won't help: look at big cities in the U.S., where prices are back in the stratosphere only a few years after their bubble burst. Toronto's had an affordability problem for years before the recent run-up in prices, and so far the only result has been a non-solution: aping Vancouver's foreign-buyers tax not because it's effective, but because it's popular.
In short: if you're a young person having a hard time making ends meet in Toronto because of housing costs, there is no realistic chance that the situation will improve any time soon, largely because elected leaders at both the municipal and the provincial level don't really want it to.
The sooner millennials learn that — and start voting based on it — the better.
Photo courtesy of ***Karen and licensed for commercial use under a Creative Commons licence. (See the uncropped version.)
AKRON, Ohio - Akron Bike Party wants Akronites to embrace wintertime like they're in Denmark.
The cycling group, which themes its rides, wears costumes and takes lights and music on the road, will hold its first Winter Hygge Bike Ride Friday, Jan. 20, starting at Lock 3 at 6:30 p.m.
Hygge (hoo-gah) is the Danish concept of "creating cozy and convivial atmospheres that promote well being," according to Bike Party member Andy Davis who came up with the theme.
The Danish are considered some of the happiest people in the world, in part because they embrace the outdoors, Davis said. In winter, they enjoy spending time with friends, and fire - candles indoors and fire pits outside.
"This ride is about having fun and embracing that Danish approach to winter," they said. "We don't go super fast and we have people of all abilities."
Following a one-hour bike ride around downtown Akron, the group will return to Lock 3 for some of that Danish flavor: there will be fire pits for making s'mores and other campfire treats, and beer.
Davis, a retired engineer from Akron's Traffic Engineering Division, is also the chairperson of the board of Summit Cycling Center, where Akron Bike Party usually convenes. Summit Cycling Center is non-profit, volunteer-driven, bicycle co-operative that promotes bicycling and develops bike education programs in Akron.
Akron Bike Party was started by Dave Massary, who, with their wife, Jana, operates the Primrose School of Hudson, an early childhood education center.
In 2014, Massary attended a Bike Party event in California.
"I had so much fun there I decided to give it a shot in Akron, so I had one to go to," Massary said. "It's a good excuse to dress up or dress your bike up. I have a closetful of costumes now."
Bike party rides, some of which have drawn more than 100 cyclists, often take place downtown Akron. Rides are held eight to 12 times a year, usually on the third Friday of the month.
Themes have included rainbow, beach party and superheroes. Rides also honor local events such as the Akron Art Prize.
When Prince and David Bowie died, Akron Bike Party members adorned themselves in purple and cosmic glam respectively, while a mini-trailer carrying a stereo blasted the appropriate music. Akronites often call out "Bike Party!" as the group passes by.
The group welcomes anyone who wants to ride. No set skill level is necessary because cyclists take their time and regroup often.
"This should be a fine night for a Bike Party with unseasonably warm weather expected," Massary said.
Akron Bike Party's free Hygge Ride will meet at Lock 3 outside Summit Cycling Center near the basement of the Barley House at 6:30 p.m. and take off at 7 p.m. For more information, visit Akron Bike Party.
Want more Akron news? Sign up for cleveland.com's Rubber City Daily, an email newsletter delivered at 5:30 a.m. Monday through Friday.
Save
Save
Save
Save
Email Share +1 202 Shares
Activists on Thursday gathered outside a hotel in Orlando, Fla., to protest Donald Trump and U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) over their scheduled appearances at an anti-LGBT conference.
Supporters of Equality Florida, a statewide LGBT advocacy group, and other activists specifically criticized Rubio for their decision to deliver the keynote address at the “Rediscovering God in America” conference that began on Thursday.
The American Renewal Project is organizing the two-day gathering that is taking place at the Hyatt Regency Orlando.
Mat Staver, chair of the Orlando-based Liberty Counsel, an anti-LGBT legal group that represented Rowan County (Ky.) Clerk Kim Davis, is among those who are scheduled to speak at the conference that is taking place two months after a gunman killed 49 people at the Pulse nightclub. Bill Federer, who said in 2015 that Europe will soon be “taken over by Islam” because it has embraced a “neutral-secular-gay agenda,” is also expected to address the hundreds of people who are expected to attend.
Trump is expected to speak at the conference on Thursday.
“We will never allow bigotry and hatred to go unchecked in our backyard,” Hannah Willard of Equality Florida told the Washington Blade after a press conference at which family members of the Pulse nightclub massacre victims, local activists and clergy spoke.
DNC: Trump, Rubio to ‘disavow these anti-gay extremists'
The hotel in which the conference is taking place is located roughly 10 miles from the Pulse nightclub.
The gunman — an American who was born to parents from Afghanistan — pledged their allegiance to the so-called Islamic State during the massacre. Their father, who attended a Hillary Clinton rally in Kissimmee, Fla., earlier this week, told reporters that their son had recently become “very angry” when they saw two men kissing in Miami.
Trump reiterated their calls to temporarily ban Muslins from entering the U.S. in the wake of the June 12 massacre that is the deadliest in recent U.S. history. The Republican presidential said during a rally in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on Wednesday that President Obama “founded” the so-called Islamic State.
“Instead of honoring the memory of those we lost at Pulse two months ago, Donald Trump and Marco Rubio have come to Orlando to headline a gathering of some of the nation's most incendiary anti-gay bigots,” said Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile and Earl Fowlkes, chair of the DNC LGBT Caucus, in a joint statement they issued on Thursday. “We at the DNC join all people of good conscience in expressing our solidarity with the Orlando LGBT community as they continue to grieve the deadliest shooting in American history.”
“We suggest Trump and Rubio disavow these anti-gay extremists who have likened gay people to Nazis and characterized HIV/AIDS as divine ‘penalties' for being gay,” they added. “Failing to do so will be yet another example of the utter lack of judgment that makes Trump unfit to serve.”
Rubio, who has endorsed Trump, defended their decision to speak at the conference in a statement to the Tampa Bay Times.
“The event I will speak at in Orlando is a gathering of local pastors and faith leaders,” said the Florida Republican who announced their re-election bid after ending their presidential campaign earlier this year. “Leave it to the media and liberal activists to label a gathering of faith leaders as an anti-LGBT event.”
“It is nothing of the sort,” added Rubio. “It is a celebration of faith.”
Pelosi to visit Pulse nightclub
The conference is taking place roughly two weeks after Christine Leinonen, the mother of Christopher “Drew” Leinonen, one of the gay victims of the Pulse nightclub massacre, spoke in support of gun control during an emotional speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs and U.S. Rep. John Mica (R-Fla.) are among the Republicans who have signed a resolution in support of banning anti-LGBT discrimination in Florida. Orlando “El Fenómeno” Cruz, a gay Puerto Rican boxer, dedicated a fight to the victims of the Pulse nightclub massacre that took place in Kissimmee, Fla., on the eve of last month's Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
Clinton placed a bouquet of flowers at a makeshift memorial outside the Pulse nightclub on July 22 after they met privately with some of the family members and friends of the massacre victims and local advocates. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) is scheduled to visit the site on Thursday and meet with those who lost loved ones.
A Trump campaign spokesperson has not returned the Blade's request for comment on the conference or whether they plan to visit the Pulse nightclub.
The General Motors logo is seen outside its headquarters at the Renaissance Center in Detroit, Michigan in this file photograph taken August 25, 2009. REUTERS/Jeff Kowalsky/Files
(Reuters) - General Motors Co (GM.N) said it was recalling nearly 780,000 crossover SUVs, mainly in North America, because their rear power lift gates could suddenly fall and hit people.
The recall covers the Buick Enclave from model years 2008-2012, the Chevrolet Traverse from 2009-2012, the GMC Acadia from 2007-2012 and Saturn Outlook from 2007-2010, GM said in documents filed with U.S. safety regulators.
Dirt can get into the gas struts that hold up the gate, causing them to wear and fail, the company said.
SUVs built from March 2012 have struts placed differently and are less susceptible to dirt particles, GM said.
The company has 56 reports of injuries, GM said in an emailed statement on Friday.
The recall covers about 690,000 vehicles in the United States, 36,000 in Canada and the rest in Mexico.
This morning, EFF Senior Staff Attorney Lee Tien testified in a Senate hearing on laptop searches and other privacy violations faced by Americans at the U.S. border. Lee's testimony [PDF] outlined the dangers of random and invasive searches of travelers' digital devices, and urged more congressional investigation and oversight.
Today's hearing comes as Americans are increasingly complaining about how the Department of Homeland Security searches laptops, cell phones, and other digital devices as they come home from overseas travel. Agents often confiscate the devices, copy the contents, and sometimes even provide a copy of the data to the Department of Justice -- even when the traveler is not suspected of criminal activity.
EFF is deeply concerned about this blanket search and seizure power. We've participated as amicus in US v. Arnold, an important case concerning suspicionless searches at the border. We've also teamed up with other privacy and professional associations to ask lawmakers for answers, and we've sued DHS for refusing to make their policies public.
If you are concerned about your privacy at the border, you can read up on our tips to protect yourself. But without better polices at the border, there are no guarantees. The unique nature of electronic information stored on computers and other portable devices requires search standards that protect the privacy of Americans in the Information Age, and we hope that Congress soon starts work on this important issue.
ROCKVILLE, Md. A Maryland woman who pleaded guilty to fatally stabbing two of their children and injuring their two older siblings in what they believed was an exorcism will go to a psychiatric hospital, not prison, a judge ruled Thursday.
Zakieya Avery of Germantown, Maryland, pleaded guilty earlier this week to two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder, but it was up to a judge to decide whether they were criminally responsible in the deaths of their children in 2014.
Germantown exorcism suspects charged with murder
Montgomery County Circuit Court Judge Terrence McGann called the children's murders “brutal and sadistic.” But they said the testimony they heard about Avery's behavior before the stabbings provided “strong evidence” that Avery was “delusional” when they and their housemate stabbed the children: 18-month-old Norell Harris and 2-year-old Zyana Harris, both of whom died, and their older siblings, 8-year-old Martello Harris and 5-year-old Taniya Harris.
Avery, 31, and their housemate believed the children were possessed by demons. The women's bizarre behavior before the killings included writing extensively in a shared journal about demons and imagined spirit boyfriends. The women, who believed they were “demon warriors,” at one point lived in a car for nine days in order to avoid demons in their house; they did not bathe or eat for several days during that time.
The judge noted that Avery had previously been treated for mental health issues at several facilities and had been prescribed medication but threw it away because they believed “God had delivered them from their mental illness.” Despite the fact that they had a surgical procedure to prevent pregnancy, Avery said God had reversed the procedure and they were pregnant with twins. The judge found that during the murders Avery was suffering from bipolar disorder with “psychotic features” and “borderline personality disorder.”
“I find that Miss Avery's ritualistic, albeit barbaric, attempt to rid their children of demons is powerful evidence of the lack of rational thinking,” the judge said.
After the judge's ruling, Avery's attorney, Brian Shefferman, called the case “tragic” and said they believed the judge had reached the correct decision. They said it will be years before Avery might be considered for release.
Avery was in court to hear the judge read their ruling but showed no visible reaction to the decision, looking over at their attorney shortly after the judge said they found them not criminally responsible.
Avery's cousin, Kaliha Brooks, said after the hearing that Avery was a “very loving mother” and called it “mind-boggling” that Avery killed them children.
“I can honestly say that my cousin absolutely adored and loved them children,” Brooks said.
Avery's housemate and friend, Monifa Sanford, who participated in the killings, previously took a plea deal in the case and was also committed to a psychiatric hospital.
A small plane flown by Alaska Dispatch News' owner and publisher struck trees then plunged into the waters of Halibut Cove near a tour boat after an "aborted landing" Sunday evening, according to investigators.
A preliminary National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash of Alice Rogoff's Cessna 206 floatplane was released Friday. Nobody was hurt during the incident. Rogoff escaped the aircraft unharmed.
According to the report, Rogoff took off from Homer Airport at about 5:42 p.m. Sunday for an 11-mile solo flight across Kachemak Bay to Halibut Cove. An attorney for Rogoff said they were headed there to help celebrate the 91st birthday of Clem Tillion, a former Alaska lawmaker.
The NTSB's account of the 5:53 p.m. crash was compiled from phone interviews with witnesses. Investigators also received numerous photos along with the interview statements.
Citing witnesses, the report said the Cessna "briefly touched down in the calm, glassy waters of Halibut Cove" before it again became airborne. Witnesses consistently reported the plane began "a steep climb to the west," then veered to the left in a nose-high attitude.
"As the airplane continued climbing in a south-southwest direction, it subsequently struck a large stand of trees on the southern shoreline of Halibut Cove," investigators wrote. "The witnesses said that during the collision sequence, the airplane's left float was severed, and the airplane immediately descended, nose first, into the waters of Halibut Cove."
The plane's impact point was about 100 feet from a commercial tour vessel in Halibut Cove at the time, according to the report. Rogoff received assistance "moments" after they climbed out of the crashed plane.
A weather report from Homer Airport at the time of the crash listed winds from the west at 9 knots gusting to 14 knots, with 10 statute miles of visibility and broken clouds at 2,600 feet.
Clint Johnson, NTSB Alaska chief, said Friday a fishing vessel in the area as well as the tour boat, the Danny J, were among the first responders to the crash site.
"It's like a landing craft," Johnson said, referring to the Danny J. "My understanding is that there was roughly 30 people on board."
Brent Cole, one of Rogoff's attorneys, said Friday they hadn't been informed their Cessna had experienced any mechanical problems during Sunday's flight. Johnson said witnesses also didn't report signs of a problem with the aircraft prior to the crash.
Attorneys for Rogoff had said in a statement that "she will be working with authorities to determine what happened."
Johnson said Rogoff's attorneys had declined an NTSB request to interview them They said that as the plane's pilot they aren't required to speak with investigators but must provide a written statement on the crash within 10 days.
"We've asked and we were told, 'Not at this time,'" Johnson said. "We respect that, and at this time we're waiting for the written statement."
Cole said they advised Rogoff to provide a statement rather than an interview.
"It's not a refusal by my client; it's me providing legal services," Cole said. "She's following the advice I give all my clients."
The NTSB report that Halibut Cove's surface was "glassy" on the night of the crash indicated a trying set of circumstances in which to set down a floatplane, Cole said.
According to a Federal Aviation Administration pamphlet on seaplane operations, reflections on glassy water can affect a pilot's depth perception during landings. The pamphlet warns pilots that in the presence of such reflections, "your sense of height above the water will be compromised to some degree."
"She was landing in what most experienced seaplane pilots would say are very difficult landing (conditions)," Cole said. "After reviewing the evidence, everyone is grateful that they were able to act so quickly and avoid any injuries — not only to herself, but to anyone else."
Johnson said the Cessna's wreckage was recovered on Monday and flown to Homer as a helicopter sling load. The plane was then taken to a Wasilla salvage yard by truck, where it awaits inspection by investigators.
Development tools that are programmer-friendly but hardware-intensive, notably LISP, have long been a staple of research domains such as artificial intelligence—but have not been thought suitable for mass-market applications due to difficulties in packaging the executable bits and running them on end-user hardware.
Web-facing applications, whose running code resides on servers, shift those trade-offs and invite "research" languages such as LISP to contend for mainstream roles.
Formal studies of programmer productivity and program performance—with multiple programmers doing side-by-side implementations of multiple tasks—suggest that functions can be performed with fewer lines of code, with less variability in development time and with acceptable memory use and execution speed using LISP and LISP-based systems.
Developers handicap themselves if they play by old rules on the Webs quite different field.
That which was
The current generation of application developers has been imprinted with a business model of mass-market software as frozen bits, packaged as executable binary files, delivered on inexpensive media units—floppy disks or CDs—to run on a PC.
This model is merely an artifact, though, of one brief stage in the evolution of technologies and markets.
/zimages/3/28571.gif Click here to read about the importance of making source code clear.
The model of "bits in a baggie," as one might call it in homage to the Apple II era, defined its own criteria for programming languages: ease of compilation, minimum code size for ease of distribution and minimum memory footprint for acceptable performance on low-cost PC configurations.
When product-cycle durations are measured in years—or, at a minimum, in quarters—a cumbersome process of turning source code into saleable bits is tolerable; when a mass-market application is delivered as function across a network, not as raw bits in a licensees hands, the equilibrium state is far more friendly to developers.
That which is
Imagine the perspective of the proverbial man from Mars, the hypothetical observer with no preconceived ideas about what makes sense.
The man from Mars sees development languages being chosen as if processor cycles are expensive, when a growing fraction of todays computing workload runs on vast farms of cheap boxes whose cost is spread across entire communities of users.
Martian question 1: Cant you use more processor-intensive methods if they deliver more powerful applications more quickly?
The man from Mars sees development languages being chosen for their ability to condense ideas into executable bits today—not for ease of incorporating new ideas tomorrow.
Martian question 2: If the language youre using requires you to be as clever as you can just to get something working in the first place, how will you ever be clever enough to improve it?
Next page: Reintroducing LISP.
The five belong to the “Aryan Strikeforce,” which claims its goal is “to protect the honor of our women, children, and the future of our race and nation” using violence as a necessary tool to achieve its goals, the Justice Department said in announcing the arrests.
The suspects, all under arrest, are: Henry Lambert Baird, 40, of Allentown, Pennsylvania; Jacob Mark “Boots” Robards, 40, of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; Joshua Michael “Hatchet” Steever, 37, Phillipsburg, New Jersey; Justin Daniel “Rocko” Lough, 26, Waynesboro, Virginia, and Connor Drew Dykes, 20, Silver Spring, Maryland.
An indictment returned by a grand jury in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, accuses the five of conspiring to transport methamphetamine, firearms, and machine gun parts to generate money to fund the activities of the Aryan Strikeforce, including the acquisition of firearms.
The indictment alleges the defendants were involved in the illegal transfer of firearms to a convicted felon, possession of firearms by convicted felons, transfer of unregistered machine gun parts, distribution of methamphetamine, money laundering of drug proceeds, conspiracy and interstate travel to facilitate drug distribution and money laundering.
The indictment doesn't' provide further details about the racist group's activities. Its web site indicates it has active members in 21 states and three Canadian provinces along with 16 other foreign countries.
The case was investigated by the FBI, along with the Pennsylvania State Police, the Virginia State Police, Phillipsburg (New Jersey) Police Department, New York State Police, Waynesboro (Virginia) Police Department, and the Montgomery County (Maryland) Police Department .
Hackers are using the Google Code developer site to spread malware, according to security firm Z-Scaler.
Zscaler ThreatLabZ security researcher Chris Mannon, reported uncovering the scheme, warning that it is a marked development on criminals' usual attack strategy.
"Malware writers are now turning to commercial file-hosting sites to peddle their wares. If these legitimate file hosts are not scanning the content they are hosting, it may force network administrators to block the service altogether. The kicker is that this time we see that Google Code seems to have swallowed the bad pill," they wrote.
They said businesses using the service should adapt their security protocols accordingly to deal with the new threat.
"This incident sets a precedent that no file-hosting service is beyond reproach. Blind trust of specific domains should not be tolerated from an organisational or personal perspective. So set those security privileges to kill and keep one eye open for shady files coming from even a seemingly trusted location."
The professional-focused site is one of many hit by cyber criminals in recent months. Other websites that have been recently targeted include the Apple Developer and Nasdaq community forums. Both the attacks were designed to steal users' password information rather than alter them to become malware-distribution tools.
Security experts have said the attack is part of a growing trend within the hacker community. FireEye regional technical lead Simon Mullis said they expect to see more similar attacks in the very near future.
"We see this all of the time. In many cases we see fragments of multi-stage attacks for specific campaigns hosted across a variety of intermediate locations. Any site with user-editable content can be used to host part of the malware attack lifecycle," they said.
"The key part here: if you cannot detect the initial inbound exploit, then the rest of the attack can be hidden or obfuscated using this approach. This technique has been used for years (see Aurora in 2009, Pingbed in 2011 and MiniDuke this year) and the traditional security model and simple discrete sandboxing has no answer for it."
An international non-profit organisation committed to providing the most reliable evidence of the benefits and harms of healthcare interventions has released a statement calling for free access to all data from all clinical trials in order to provide the best care for patients globally.
In its statement, The Cochrane Collaboration argues that selective reporting of trial results occurs frequently, leading to exaggerated findings of the beneficial effects of healthcare interventions and to underestimates of their harms. As a consequence, many patients are unknowingly treated with interventions that have little or no effect and may be harmed unnecessarily.
Jeremy Grimshaw and Jonathan Craig are the Co-Chairs of The Cochrane Collaboration's Steering Group. Craig says, "The Cochrane Collaboration strives to provide the best health evidence so patients can receive the best treatment. This evidence includes access to all clinical trial data and it should be mandatory that this information is freely available."
The statement produced by the Collaboration calls for the following:
all randomised clinical trials to be registered at their inception, before recruitment of the first participant;
all data from all randomised clinical trials, including raw anonymised individual participant data that do not allow identification of individual participants, and the corresponding trial protocols to become publicly available free of charge and in easily accessible electronic formats;
governments to consider introducing legislation requiring data from all trials to be made public within 12 months from the end of the randomised phase of the trial, in accordance with most international calls for data sharing; and
governments to also consider the following measures: punitive measures for non-compliance; a requirement to continue to hold and make available core data indefinitely, or to pass such data to a central and accessible repository; and recognition that ownership of trial data should be shared between sponsors, investigators and trial participants.
Peter C Gøtzsche, Director of the Nordic Cochrane Centre, awaits publication of their article on this very issue in the journal, Trials (provisionally accepted). Their article, "Why we need easy access to all data from all clinical trials and how to accomplish it," argues that the distinction between publicly-funded and industry-funded research is an artificial and irrelevant one, as the interests of the patients must override commercial interests. Echoing the sentiments of the Collaboration, Gøtzsche feels calls for data sharing should not be restricted to publicly-funded research.
"The over-riding objective of healthcare research is to improve patient care and health policy. It is pretty clear that if commercial concerns lead to the withholding of data that are important for rational decision-making by doctors and patients, there is something fundamentally wrong. Selective reporting also violates the Declaration of Helsinki and the implicit contract with the trial participants," says Gøtzsche.
The Collaboration will present this statement to its members at its 19th Cochrane Colloquium, in Madrid, Spain at its Annual General Meeting on Oct. 20, 2011.
The full text of the Collaboration's statement can be found at http://www.cochrane.org/about-us/our-policies/support-free-access-to-all-data-from-all-clinical-trials.
Editor's Note: This is the first in a series of six features on the science of food, running daily from March 30 through April 6, 2009.
Famous for their taste, color and, well, homeliness, heirloom tomatoes tug at the heartstrings of gardeners and advocates of locally grown foods. The tomato aficionado might conclude that, given the immense varieties—which go by such fanciful names as Aunt Gertie's Gold and the Green Zebra—heirlooms must have a more diverse and superior set of genes than their grocery store cousins, those run-of-the-mill hybrid varieties such as beefsteak, cherry and plum.
No matter how you slice it, however, their seeming diversity is only skin-deep: heirlooms are actually feeble and inbred—the defective product of breeding experiments that began during the Enlightenment and exploded thanks to enthusiastic backyard gardeners from Victorian England to Depression-era West Virginia. Heirlooms are the tomato equivalent of the pug—that "purebred" dog with the convoluted nose that snorts and hacks when it tries to catch a breath.
"The irony of all this," says Steven Tanksley, a geneticist at Cornell University, "is all that diversity of heirlooms can be accounted for by a handful of genes. There's probably no more than 10 mutant genes that create the diversity of heirlooms you see." But rather than simply debunking a myth about the heirloom's diversity, Tanksley's deconstruction of the tomato genome, along with work by others, is showing how an unassuming berry from the Andes became one of the world's top crops. Genetics work will also point the way to sturdier, more flavorful tomatoes—albeit hybrid varieties whose seeds cannot be passed down from generation to generation but must be purchased anew by growers each season.*
New World Discovery
The cultivated tomato is a member of the nightshade family that includes New World crops such as potato and chili pepper, which spread around the world after Christopher Columbus brought them back to Spain in the 15th century.* But whereas scientists have uncovered a wealth of archaeological evidence—including microscopic starches on pottery shards that point to the taming of many crops from the Americas as far back as 10,000 years ago—the record is blank when it comes to the tomato.
Known scientifically as Solanum lycopersicum, the modern tomato seems to have its wild origins in the Peruvian Andes and may have been domesticated in Vera Cruz, Mexico—an agricultural hot spot. Primitive varieties still grow throughout the Americas. All told, botanists call some 13 species "tomatoes" and consider an additional four to be close allies. One might assume that one of these known wild species became today's cultivated crop, but that's not the case: the Mother Tomato has never been found. The closest relative is the currant tomato—Solanum pimpinellifolium—which, based on genetic comparisons, split from today's tomato some 1.4 million years ago.
So researchers like Tanksley have to work backward, crossing tomato varieties and species in order to understand how various genes influence shape and size. Once isolated, Tanksley later inserts those genes into other tomato varieties to make their case with a dramatic transformation.
Size and shape drive the selection
Tanksley concludes from their analyses that, in their effort to make bigger, tastier and faster-growing fruit, our ancestors ultimately exploited just 30 mutations out of the tomato's 35,000 genes. Most of these genes have only small effects on tomato size and shape, but last May in Nature Genetics Tanksley and their colleagues reported that they found a gene they dubbed fasciated that bumps up fruit size by 50 percent.
It was probably the single most important event in domestication. The first written record of tomatoes—from Spain in the 1500s—confirms that this mutation, which enlarges tomatoes by producing compartments known as locules, existed back in the same yellow tomatoes that gave Italians the word pomodoro, or golden apple. A cherry tomato typically has two compartments filled with seeds and jelly, whereas a Jumbo Red can have up to eight locules. This gene, along with another size-governing gene called fw2.2, which Tanksley identified 10 years earlier, was the key step in making tomatoes a dietary staple.
Besides size, tomato farmers also selected for shape. To discover those genes, Esther van der Knaap, a Tanksley alumnus now at The Ohio State University, says they went straight for the heirlooms, which exhibit a range from the Jersey Devil's small, chili-pepper shape to plump, cracked beefsteaks known as Radiator Charlie's Mortgage Lifter. "I just went to catalogues and ordered everything that had a cute shape," they say.
They plucked a gene called SUN from one heirloom tomato and inserted it into a wild relative. As a result, the tiny fruits bulged like pears, a remarkable makeover that made the cover of the journal Science last March. SUN's effect dwarfs that of another shape gene called OVATE—yet another Tanksley discovery—and both seem to have been nurtured in Europe in the last several hundred years to ease mechanical harvesting and processing.
Weak and Wimpy
The selection of these traits has taken a toll on the heirloom's hardiness: They are often plagued by fungal infections that cause the fruit to crack, split and otherwise rot quickly. Wild plants must continuously evolve to fend off natural pathogens, points out Roger Chetelat of the Tomato Genetics Resource Center at the University of California, Davis. But in their quest for size, shape and flavor, humans have inadvertently eliminated defensive genes. As a result, most possess only a single disease-resistance gene.
Perhaps that's the price to pay for a good, flavorful fruit? Hardly, Chetelat says, because the heirlooms' taste may have less to do with its genes than with the productivity of the plant and the growing environment. Any plant that sets only two fruits, as heirlooms sometimes do, is bound to produce juicier, sweeter and more flavorful fruit than varieties that set 100, as commercial types do.* Plus, heirlooms are sold ripened on the vine, a surefire way to get tastier results than allowing them to mature on the shelf.
So breeders feel confident that getting germ-beating genes back into heirlooms won't harm the desirable aspects of the fruit. Modern breeding has resuscitated grocery store tomatoes with an influx of wild genes; in the past 50 years, researchers have bred back some 40 disease-resistance genes into commercial crops.
Restoring Heirloom's Health
Now, Monsanto wants to do the same for the heirloom. In 1996 a tomato breeder and former Tanksley student named Doug Heath began a pet project at Seminis VegetableSeeds, a Monsanto subsidiary. After 12 years of traditional breeding with the help of molecular markers, they have created a new rainbow-streaked tomato less prone to cracking and also endowed with 12 disease-resistant genes. The original plant, Heath explains, had defective flowers, which is one reason why it set only two fruits compared with the 30 they get from their new variety. They claim they are also able to maintain a comparable flavor and sugar profile even on productive plants. It turns out that the heirloom's defects are neither quirky nor cute, just an accident of a single-pronged breeding strategy left over from the dawn of genetics.
Heath's new plants may be available to home gardeners next year and on commercial markets in the next three to five. "I see them as coming to a pinnacle," they say of the Rainbow and two other varieties they have improved with modern stocks.
But will heirloom adherents appreciate the look-alikes with hybrid seeds? "There will be a contingent of people," they say, "who will believe these are poor imitations of the originals."
*Note: These sentences have been altered since publication.
PokerStars Acquires Full Tilt Poker Assets; Players to be Refunded (UPDATED 10:15 a.m. PDT)
July 31, 2012 Brett Collson Elaine Chaivarlis
After months of negotiations with the U.S. Department of Justice, PokerStars has completed the purchase of Full Tilt Poker.
On Tuesday, the U.S. Attorney's office approved a deal allowing Full Tilt Poker to forfeit all of its assets to PokerStars. In return, PokerStars will forfeit $547 million to the U.S. government over the next three years. Once the transfer of assets is finalized, PokerStars will make available all outstanding balances owing to all non-U.S. customers of Full Tilt Poker — an amount totaling $184 million — within 90 days. U.S. players, owed approximately $150 million, will be refunded separately. PokerNews will have more on this as it becomes available.
PokerStars' acquisition of the forfeited Full Tilt assets will be complete upon the U.S. Government's receipt of a $225 million payment from PokerStars. The payment must be made within six days of the entrance of today's settlement.
"We are pleased to announce these settlements by Full Tilt Poker and PokerStars, which allow us to quickly get significant compensation into the victim players' hands," said Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York in a press release. "Today's settlements demonstrate that if you engage in conduct that violates the laws of the United States, as we alleged in this case, then even if you are doing so from across the ocean, you will have to answer for that conduct and turn over your ill-gotten gains.”
Full Tilt Poker has issued a statement that can be found at diamondflushpoker.com. Here's an excerpt:
Full Tilt Poker apologizes to all of its customers who endured a long and difficult period wondering whether this day would ever come. Full Tilt Poker expresses its appreciation to its loyal employees whose hard work over the last 15 months preserved the value of the Full Tilt Poker assets so a deal like this could be possible, and to PokerStars and the United States Department of Justice for their efforts in bringing about this resolution.
According to a press release issued by PokerStars, the company plans to re-launch Full Tilt Poker in most markets as a separate brand, following the appointment of a "new, independent management team." Full Tilt Poker's headquarters will remain in Dublin, but regulatory oversight will be transferred to the Isle of Man.
Lee Jones, Head of Home Games at PokerStars, says the company is not planning to seek a license to operate Full Tilt in France, Italy, Spain, Denmark, Belgium and Estonia. "Full Tilt players in these countries will be able to play on PokerStars," Jones said in a thread at TwoPlusTwo.com.
PokerStars added in Monday's announcement that the agreement allows the company to operate real-money online poker in the U.S. under both PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker brands once the activity is legalized at a state or federal level and PokerStars receives the proper licenses.
“We are delighted we have been able to put this matter behind us, and also secured our ability to operate in the United States of America whenever the regulations allow,” said Mark Scheinberg, Chairman of the Board of PokerStars. “This outcome demonstrates our continuing global leadership of the online poker industry, and our commitment to working with governments and regulators to ensure the highest standards of protection for players.
“Acquiring certain assets of Full Tilt Poker strengthens PokerStars, brings welcome relief to Full Tilt Poker players who have been waiting over 12 months for repayment of their money, and benefits the entire poker community. Full Tilt Poker's customers outside the U.S. can soon look forward to accessing their accounts and playing on the re-launched site, confident that they are supported by PokerStars' history of integrity and our track record of delivering high-quality and secure online poker.”
Under the terms of the deal between PokerStars and the Department of Justice, PokerStars founder Isai Scheinberg, who is presently under indictment in a related criminal case, will be forced out of their role with the company within 45 days. Scheinberg was one of the 11 men indicted by the DOJ on April 15, 2011, for their involvement in illegal gambling in the U.S.
Ray Bitar, the former Full Tilt Poker CEO who was arrested in New York this month and was freed on bail, issued the following statement on Tuesday:
Over the past few days, I signed the papers necessary to complete Full Tilt's deal with the US Government. The company's assets will now be transferred to PokerStars and Full Tilt employees will have a new employer as well. I believe that this deal will result in Full Tilt's customers being repaid. I am extremely pleased and excited by this prospect. For the past 15 months, I have worked hard on possible solutions to get players repaid. It has been a very long road, with lots of bumps along the way, but I am glad we have gotten to the end. I only wish that we could have resolved the situation much sooner. Today's settlement also ends the US Government's legal case against the Full Tilt companies. I am glad that this chapter has closed. I would like to thank the company's many dedicated employees who helped achieve this result. It has been a pleasure working at Full Tilt and I am grateful for the many friendships and memories that I made there. I wish everyone in the Full Tilt family success in their future endeavors. I also extend my best wishes to PokerStars. This is a very creative deal and it should benefit everyone: the players, Full Tilt and PokerStars alike.
UPDATED 10:15 a.m. PDT: The Poker Players Alliance released a statement regarding the settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice.
"Thanks to PokerStars, the PPA expects that tens of thousands of innocent American poker players will now have access to more than $150 million that has been kept from them for over 14 months. We applaud that the parties made a process for the restitution of the players a central component of the agreement, and appreciate the government's commitment to the fair treatment of the players. “The government has not yet released the precise details on how reimbursements will occur. It is the PPA's position that the government must take all steps necessary to ensure the process for the players to recover their full funds is not unduly burdensome. PPA's legal team will remain fully involved as the ‘voice of the player' to ensure our members are heard throughout this process. As we learn more, the PPA will quickly gather and distribute information on the reimbursement process to our members. "At the same time, let's remember that Americans still remain unable to play poker with safe and secure online sites based in the U.S. – a freedom and consumer protection they should not be denied. The PPA and its members continue to urge Congress to quickly enact thoughtful legislation to create a licensed and regulated U.S. online poker market that restores Americans' freedom to enjoy a game of poker from their home computer."
We'll have more on this story as it develops. For news, updates, and more follow PokerNews on Twitter and Facebook.
With the offseason officially under way, Around The League will examine what's next for all 32 teams. The series continues with the Arizona Cardinals.
What's Changing?
General manager Steve Keim and coach Bruce Arians turned the franchise around, but missed the postseason thanks to toiling in football's toughest division. If things break perfectly this offseason, the Cardinals will bring back the same talent on defense while upgrading the offensive line and rushing attack. Eyeing a long-awaited return to the playoffs, Larry Fitzgerald has already restructured their contract to help the front office build a stronger roster.
» LB Karlos Dansby: A bargain signing late in free agency, Dansby was a big-play machine, leading the team in tackles, passes defensed and interceptions while producing 6.5 sacks from the inside linebacker spot. Cardinal fans believed they were a legitimate candidate for Defensive Player of the Year honors. Does this franchise want to splurge on a 32-year-old linebacker coming off a career year?
» RB Rashard Mendenhall: The Cardinals don't envision playmaker Andre Ellington as an inside runner, which means Mendenhall might be brought back despite their paltry 3.2 yards-per-carry average. Arians should be aiming higher for their early-down horse.
» WR Andre Roberts: Relegated to the third receiver role as Michael Floyd ascended, Roberts' numbers dropped off across the board in 2013. A fine role player with strong run-after-catch skills, Roberts has value to the Cardinals because they have little depth behind the two starters.
Other key free agents: DE Frostee Rucker, DE Matt Shaughnessy, S Yeremiah Bell, RT Eric Winston, CB Antoine Cason, K Jay Feely
What they need
The Cardinals' offensive line has finished dead last in Pro Football Focus' pass-blocking rankings for two consecutive seasons. Even with 2013 first-round draft pick Jonathan Cooper returning to solidify right guard, this team desperately needs an upgrade at both tackle spots. Although Ellington is a dangerous passing-down back, there's a need for an early-down hammer between the tackles. Re-signing Dansby and getting Tyrann Mathieu back to full health are also key to the Cardinals' playoff hopes.
On the way out?
» G Daryn Colledge: Colledge has been Arizona's most consistent offensive lineman since signing three years ago, but he's due to count more than $7 million against the cap in 2014. The Cardinals are reportedly high on 2013 fourth-rounder Earl Watford at right guard.
» RB Ryan Williams: After dealing with a lingering knee injury in training camp, the 2011 second-round draft pick was inactive in all 16 games last season. The Cardinals can save over $1 million by dumping Williams.
» LB Jasper Brinkley: Signed away from Minnesota, Brinkley played well as an early-down run thumper in the first month of the 2013 season. Once Daryl Washington returned from suspension, though, Brinkley was remaindered to the bench. They count more than $2 million against the cap in 2014.
Offseason crystal ball
Fitzgerald highlighted the offseason priorities when they restructured their contract: A lucrative extension for All-Pro cornerback Patrick Peterson and new deals for Dansby and Rucker. The Cardinals might have to weather Peterson's absence from offseason practices, but he's the ideal candidate for a long-term commitment as a uniquely talented ascendant nucleus player.
Arizona already has been bandied about as a potential landing spot for free-agent left tackle Branden Albert. Right tackle can be filled via the NFL Draft. Maurice Jones-Drew would make for an interesting flier as Mendenhall's replacement on early downs. With just a few tweaks, Arians' squad could push for a third playoff spot out of the NFC West next season.
In the latest "Around The League Podcast," the guys ponder the future in both Seattle and Denver and break down the teams who intrigue them most this offseason.
download the latest episode of Tiesto's radio show “Club life 338″ [House/Trance]
Artist….: Tiesto
Title……: Club Life 338 [90's Special]
Genre….: House
Source…: Radio 3FM
Reldate…: September-22-2013
Length….: 114:10 min
Size………: 159/271 MB
Tracklist:
Hour 1:
01. Snap – Rhythm Is A Dancer
02. Robin S – Show Me Love
03. Technotronic – Pump Up The Jam
04. Corona – The Rhythm Of The Night
05. ATB – 9 PM (Till I Come)
06. Rozalla – Everybody's Free
07. Moby – Go
08. L .A. Style – James Brown Is Dead
09. Energy 52 – Cafe Del Mar
10. Grooveyard – Mary Go Wild
11. Olive – You Are Not Alone
12. Jam & Spoon – Right In The Night
13. Age Of Love The – The Age Of Love (The Jam & Spoon Remix)
Hour 2 (Delayers GuestMix)
14. Underworld – Born Slippy
15. ID
16. Dance 2 Trance – Power Of American Natives
17. Culture Beat – Mr.Vain
18. Kristine W – Feel What You Want
19. Haddaway – What Is Love
20. CeCe Peniston – Finally
21. Black Box – Ride On Time
22. Urban Cookie Collective – The Key The Secret
23. Reel 2 Real – I Like To Move It
24. Nightcrawlers – Push The Feeling On
25. Danny Tenaglia feat. Celeda – Music Is The Answer
26. Dr. Alban – Sing Hallelujah
Links for download “Tiesto Club Life 338″ view below!!
Read the rest of this entry →
As recruiting posters go, it doesn't get much better than this: Austin Wiley flashing a V for victory sign while riding a camel in front of the Pyramids in Egypt.
Wiley is in Cairo playing for Team USA in the U19 World Cup. The Americans smoked Iran 108-48 in their first game of the tournament Saturday. Wiley started and finished with five points and eight rebounds in 15 minutes. Their plus-33 plus-minus rating was tied for second on the team.
Auburn basketball wisely put that memorable tourist snapshot of its sophomore center on its official Twitter page but left out the perfect caption:
Auburn basketball: Going places.
That's been the idea ever since the Tigers hired Bruce Pearl in what looked like perfect timing for both of them, but three years after starting over together, their marriage hasn't translated into a single postseason trip.
It's always felt like just a matter of time, and the time should be now.
The college basketball off-season doesn't always generate a lot of buzz in the most rabid college football state in the country, but like Alabama, Auburn is doing its best to make some noise this summer.
Wiley is playing for their second gold medal, and if incoming first-year student forward Chuma Okeke hadn't suffered a bone bruise on their knee during tryouts, Auburn might have two players on Team USA. Okeke made the cut to the final 16 before getting hurt.
The good news: Pearl said their injury isn't serious, and Okeke's performance at Team USA training camp showed he's only going to add to the most talented roster Pearl's coached at Auburn.
One mock NBA Draft for 2018 has Wiley and sophomore swingman Mustapha Heron as top-25 picks next year. It's a long way from mock draft to draft night, but for a program that hasn't had a single player selected in 16 years, it's progress.
"Having two guys on the board right now is great credibility and visibility for our program," Pearl said. "Our job is to get them there."
Jon Rothstein of CBS sports, a respected national college basketball analyst, tweeted the other day that sophomore Jared Harper is the "best returning point guard in the SEC." Harper had an up-and-down first-year student season, but it's a sign of the improved talent level on the Plains that he'll be pushed for playing time by incoming first-year student Davion Mitchell.
Pearl continues to do their part to increase Auburn's profile. They spent time at the U19 Team USA training camp in Colorado Springs to support Wiley and Okeke. They also spent NBA Draft night in an Atlanta studio doing analysis for NBA TV.
They cited the importance of "visibility and credibility" as the reasons behind those appearances.
From Colorado Springs to Cairo, Auburn basketball is more visible than it's been in ages, but the real credibility will come when the Tigers combine a strong non-conference run like last year's 11-2 mark with a strong SEC season and a run to the postseason.
If not this Auburn team, who? If not now, when?
HATTIESBURG, Miss. -- Nick Mullens threw for 591 yards and four touchdowns and Southern Mississippi set a school record with 702 yards of total offense in a 44-28 win over Rice on Saturday night.
On Nov. 15 last year against Rice, Southern Miss (4-1, 2-0 Conference USA) set the previous school record for total offense with 682 yards.
Mullens broke Austin Davis' previous school record of 461 passing yards in a game they set against the Owls on Oct. 18, 2008.
Allenzae Staggers had six receptions for 292 yards and touchdowns of 75, 81 and 93 yards. Their yardage effort broke the previous record Kendrick Lee set against Houston on Nov. 11, 1996 with 260 yards.
Staggers' 93-yarder is the third-longest TD reception in school history and put the Eagles up 27-14.
Tyler Stehling threw a 7-yard TD pass to Samuel Stewart to give Rice (0-5, 0-3) its only lead of the game at 7-3.
Stewart had 19 carries for 132 yards and two scores.
A COLLEAGUE of mine noted recently that there are 154 options you can have on a Porsche 911, and as a result there are a staggering 9.6 trillion possible combinations. That, said my meticulous friend, works out at 1,371 versions of the car for every man, woman and child on earth.
Browse the used Porsche 911s for sale on driving.co.uk
But he's wrong. It's way more than that. And it gets worse, because the options list is only the beginning. Before that you have to choose what sort of 911 you want. There are many. You can have a 993 series or a 997 or a 991. You can have two-wheel drive, or a two-wheel-drive with more power, and you can have either of those with a hard roof, with a Targa roof or as a cabriolet. Then you can have the exact same set of choices with the four-wheel-drive option. Or you can have a GT3. Or a GT3 RS. Or a Turbo with four-wheel drive or two-wheel drive and a choice of roof arrangements.
It's all completely mad because all of them look pretty much exactly the same and all of them have broadly the same engine and all of them are driven by people whose penises are about to break.
As I may have mentioned about 200 times over the years, I've never been a fan of the 911, whichever one of the 270m models you happen to be talking about. My prejudice was born back in the early 1990s, when I wasn't much of a helmsman.
Back then the 911 was a pig. It would understeer when you turned into a corner, and as I didn't really know what I was doing, I'd take my foot off the accelerator as quickly as possible, which would then cause the car to start oversteering. Which meant I had to undo my seatbelt and cower in the back until it hit something and stopped.
And what really used to annoy me was that on the next lap you'd do pretty much the exact same thing at pretty much the exact same speed and it would respond in a completely different way.
More experienced colleagues would tell me that this was because the 911 was engineered and designed for people who knew what they were doing, and that minute adjustments to the steering and the throttle would cause it to behave in a completely different way: just what the serious opposite-locksmith wants, they would argue. Since then, of course, I've had a lot of practice at driving round corners too quickly and now the 911 doesn't frighten me at all. I can handle it and It's silly little foible with ease.
“Yes,” say the experts, in their annoying adenoidal way, “but that's because it doesn't have any foibles any more. It's been softened.” The engine, which used to sit right at the back, where it would act as a pendulum in extreme circumstances, has been moved forwards, and it is now cooled with water rather than air. And the steering is now done with electricity rather than hydraulics. And because of all this the 911 is a big pussycat. This is seen in adenoid-land as the end of days.
The 911 stands out as a very real way of experiencing a little bit of genuine sports motoring for a fraction of the cost of buying a Ferrari and with far fewer histrionics
Not to you and me it isn't. Because the 911 stands out as a very real way of experiencing a little bit of genuine sports motoring for a fraction of the cost of buying a Ferrari and with far fewer histrionics. And, these days, less of a tendency to end up in a hedge.
But which model should you choose? Well, to make life even more difficult, Porsche has now introduced a new version called the GTS. It sits in the range between the Carrera S and the GT3. Yes, I know. I didn't realise there was a gap there either, but apparently there was and the GTS has filled it.
The idea is simple. You get more horsepower than you do from the Carrera S, and a wider body, but it's less raw than the GT3 and cheaper. It's good value because, unusually for a Porsche, it comes with quite a bit of kit as standard.
If I were in the market for a 911 — and if I hadn't been quite so vocal about its awfulness over the past few years I might be — I'd go for a two-wheel-drive GTS. It seems to offer the best of all worlds. Sadly, though, the car I drove last week was the four-wheel-drive alternative.
I know that a four-wheel-drive 911 is less pure than a model that is driven only from the rear, but as I set off on a long rush-hour journey from London to Rugby I didn't really care about that. And I was positively grateful when just past Northampton it started to snow.
There was something else to be grateful for too. Every car has a cruising speed, a speed at which it settles when you are on a quiet motorway and you're thinking about other stuff. This has something to do with resonance and noise and gearing. In a Mini it's a worrying 110mph, which means that with the new speed cameras you could lose your licence — twice — in one lap of the M25.
In the GTS it's 59mph. I have no idea why, but I think the throttle pedal is to blame. It has quite a strong spring, so to go any faster you have to make a conscious effort with your foot. This is a small point, but it's important because if you're daydreaming you at least know you won't get nicked.
I'm not going to beat about the bush. This is an excellent car. It is fast without being stupid, even if you're running it in Sport Plus mode, which makes it uncomfortable, noisy and uneconomical. Best to leave that facility alone.
I'm not going to beat about the bush. This is an excellent car
It's not as though you're short of other things to play with. The sat nav system is as good as anything you'll find in any car, and there's a computer that tells you all sorts of things, such as how much G-force you are generating and when you will arrive at your destination. It's German. It knows this stuff.
And then there's the driving position. Ooh, it's good. Nearly as good in fact as the flappy-paddle gearbox. The only trouble is that while I liked the GTS a lot, and marvelled at its ability to be fast, sensible, comfy and quiet all at the same time, I couldn't really love it. At no point did I think, “I have got to get me one of these.”
There's a magazine called Autocar that provides us Top Gear boys with a massive laugh every Wednesday because its road testers always look so serious when they're driving a car. When we are power-sliding a Lamborghini round a hairpin bend in the Alps we bounce around and squeak like schoolboys — well, two of us do — but at Autocar they always look as if they're in a meeting.
And that's the face you find yourself pulling in a Porsche. You never think, “Wow.” It's all very — what's the word? Clinical. But if you're going to buy a 911, the GTS is definitely the version to go for.
Clarkson's verdict ★★★☆☆
If only I didn't dislike 911s, I'd love it
Porsche 911 Carrera 4 GTS specifications
When Target Corp. announced plans to retreat from Canada, the company chose a surprising legal route for its exit.
The big U.S. retailer's Canadian division applied for court protection under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act, an insolvency law that was designed to be used by companies seeking to restructure their finances and stay in business.
Not so for Target Canada, which made it clear from the start that it planned to shut all its stores and liquidate its inventory and other assets.
Story continues below advertisement
The unexpected departure of Target Canada, after operating here for less than two years, highlights how insolvent businesses are increasingly using the CCAA in creative ways to shut their businesses – raising questions about how the process benefits creditors.
The stakes are high because Target, which is letting go 17,600 employees and not trying to downsize or look for buyers, owes creditors hundreds of millions of dollars. But its single biggest creditor is essentially itself through a $1.9-billion inter-company debt.
Now that all 133 of Target's stores are closing by April 12 – a month earlier than initially scheduled – creditors are waiting to see how the company will handle their claims in a process that, on the surface, seems stacked in the retailer's favour. Other stakeholders count on the judge overseeing the case to ensure they get a fair shake.
"There is no question that the notion of using the CCAA as a liquidation strategy is contested in Canada," said Janis Sarra, a law professor at the University of British Columbia and an insolvency expert. "There's a live debate about whether or not it's the appropriate tool."
The Target collapse comes as Ottawa is reviewing its insolvency statutes, including the growing use of the CCAA by faltering companies to simply liquidate rather than try to save the business and jobs. What was merely a debate among bankruptcy specialists takes on new meaning as the repercussions of Target's massive failure ripple through the economy.
"Target has used the CCAA process to its advantage," said Heather Ferris, partner at law firm Lawson Lundell LLP in Vancouver and head of the Canadian Bar Association's insolvency group. They also represent a landlord in the Target matter.
Early in the proceedings, a group of landlords, including the one they represent, argued that Target should not have used the CCAA for a liquidation because it wasn't attempting to continue operating and, thus, ran contrary to the statute's original purpose. Instead, the retailer should have filed under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act, which would have put an independent trustee in control of the process and applied stricter rules to the timing of the sale of Target's store leases, the landlords argued in court documents. The landlords are anxious to find new tenants quickly for their empty spaces.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Target counters the CCAA gives it more flexibility amid "a very wide range of restructuring options," it said in a filing. "The sheer magnitude and complexity of the Target Canada Entities' business including the number of stakeholders whose interests are affected are ideally suited to the flexible framework and scope for innovation offered by this 'skeletal' legislation." A Target spokesperson could not be reached.
Ultimately, the landlords never pushed for Target to be put into all-out bankruptcy after they came to an agreement with the retailer that gave them many of the protections they sought. So far, Target has sold 11 of its best leases back to their landlords in a $138-million deal that it called a "premium" value that would benefit creditors. The lease sale process continues until June 30.
David Ullmann, a partner at Minden Gross LLP who also represents some landlords, said the CCAA provides Target with considerable control over the unwinding process while the bankruptcy act would have robbed the retailer of that influence. As well, Target has no outside lender which, as a secured creditor, often calls the shots. In this case, U.S. parent Target Corp. is the lender.
Still, the Ontario Superior Court is going out of its way to try to ensure the rights of other creditors – landlords, suppliers, franchised pharmacists and employees – are being recognized in the process, Mr. Ullmann said.
For example, in an unusual move, Justice Geoffrey Morawetz has allowed suppliers' lawyers to investigate Target's timing of its pre-filing insolvency planning, including an upcoming cross-examination of the retailer's general counsel.
Target Canada subsequently disclosed it started seriously mulling an insolvency filing around late October. The suppliers are trying to establish that Target benefited by bulking up on inventory orders in the 30 days before its Jan. 15 filing, leaving vendors on the hook. The unpaid suppliers are fighting to recover the value of those 30-day goods; under the bankruptcy act, they would have the right to try to reclaim them.
Story continues below advertisement
Lou Brzezinski, a partner at Blaney McMurtry LLP who represents some suppliers, has even suggested that Brian Cornell, CEO of parent Target Corp., be put on the witness stand. Mr. Brzezinski is trying to persuade Target to give the suppliers' estimated $400-million of claims priority over the retailer's $1.9-billion inter-company claim.
Judge Morawetz's unusual concessions to creditors "reflect a recognition from the court that this CCAA filing is right at the outer limit of what really should be permitted in terms of restructurings of these kinds," Mr. Ullmann said.
Even so, Target isn't alone – a growing number of insolvent companies are using the CCAA to liquidate rather than restructure, according to a federal government report last year.
The Industry Canada discussion paper on insolvency laws invited interested groups to weigh in on whether the CCAA should be amended to codify protections for stakeholders and principles for courts to consider in "liquidating CCAA" proceedings. The House of Commons' industry committee has until October to make its recommendations, a spokesperson for Industry Minister James Moore said.
"Stakeholders have expressed concern with the appropriateness of liquidating CCAAs because there is often no opportunity for creditor approval," the report says. "Additionally, there can be pressure on the court to approve sales as there is no other going-forward solution. The sales may avoid many of the checks and balances provided by the plan approval process."
Still, legal groups such as the bar association and the Insolvency Institute of Canada, a group of specialists in the field, don't support doing away with liquidating CCAAs. Rather, they're pushing for revising the law to protect stakeholders and provide asset distribution rules similar to those in the bankruptcy act.
Story continues below advertisement
Hap Stephen, a restructuring expert who has overseen an array of bankruptcy proceedings, said Target's situation stands out because the retailer's U.S. parent is big and financially sound. "A lot of suppliers would say: 'This is Target. They'll never leave us hanging.' Well, they did."
Prof. Sarra said insolvencies increasingly involve U.S. parents that can flex their muscles, with no interest in saving jobs in Canada. However, as the process becomes more complex, it lends itself to a CCAA proceeding which can be tailored to different situations, they added.
Target has developed some initiatives to help creditors. It set up a $90-million trust fund for employees and subordinated to other creditors $3.1-billion of debt that Target owes its parent. It raised $2.2-million (U.S.) by selling Target-branded items, such as shopping carts, to the parent.
Creditors can hold out some hope for recoveries. Investment firms that purchase distressed creditor debt are buying Target claims for up to 50 cents on the dollar, industry insiders say.
The firms expect to recover more than the amounts for which they purchased the debt, said Darius Goldman, partner at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP in New York which represents some of the firms. "Time will tell if this was a smart investment," Mr. Goldman said. "It's no different than buying shares of IBM stock, which you do if you think the stock price has hidden value."
What a ball pen tells us about China's manufacturing weakness
Premier Li Keqiang recently made a shocking revelation about the industrial capabilities of China on national television: despite the fact that the country is widely known as the “world's factory” and produces everything from iPhones, aircraft carriers, high-speed railways to spacecraft, until now there is not a single manufacturer in China that is able to produce the tiny rotating ball fitted to the tip of a ball pen that disperses ink as you write.
Each of these tiny metal balls has to be imported by Chinese pen manufacturers from overseas suppliers.
Many TV viewers in the mainland were deeply shocked and saddened by this revelation, as they had all been under the impression that China is already a world-class industrial power.
The harsh fact is that, even though China produces 38 billion ball pens every year, it is still unable to manufacture the key component, the rotating ball point.
How could a tiny component of an object so commonplace that goes for less than one US dollar prove to be an insuperable hurdle for the entire Chinese industrial complex?
Qiu Zhiming, chief executive of Beifa Group Co. Ltd., China's leading stationery manufacturer, said the reason it is so difficult to produce that component is that the ball — which is usually made of brass, steel or tungsten carbide and kept in place by a socket at the tip of the ball pen — is so tiny (usually not more than 0.1 millimeter in diameter) that it requires state-of-the-art machinery and cutting-edge computerized measurement equipment with pinpoint precision to produce, not to mention the ability to produce the high-quality steel material of which it is made. The margin for inaccuracy in the production process of this tiny ball point is basically zero, or else it won't be able to be fitted into the socket perfectly and rotate freely in order to deliver ink.
Unfortunately, all these key technologies remain the weakest links in China's manufacturing industry even to this day.
As a result, all the rotating metal balls fitted to made-in-China ball pens have to be imported from Germany, Switzerland or Japan.
The root cause of China's backwardness in some of the key industrial technologies lies in the fact that state-run and private manufacturers are unwilling to invest in research and development because, in most cases, it won't bring profits and extra market share, owing to the lack of protection for intellectual property and rampant plagiarism by other competitors.
Besides, the overall quality and professionalism of technicians in China's manufacturing industry still lag far behind those in other major industrial countries.
Even if you have the best machinery, you still can't roll out the best products if you don't have the best people to operate it.
There is also the problem of China's inability to produce the best kind of steel materials.
Today the country still relies heavily on specially made and high-quality steel alloy imported from Germany, Japan, Russia and the United States to build its high-speed railways, bridges and even aircraft carriers and submarines.
The State Council launched a RMB$60 million program four years ago to facilitate the research and development of strategic industrial materials such as high-quality steel so as to reduce the country's reliance on foreign imports, because it is not only an industrial issue but also a national security concern.
However, four years have passed, and the program seems to have achieved nothing.
The reason Premier Li raised the issue even at the risk of “hurting Chinese people's feelings” is apparent: as China is undergoing a downturn in economic growth, their words serve as a timely reminder for manufacturers that they should have a sense of crisis, and unless they are able to achieve technological breakthroughs and step up investment in high value-added production rather than continuing to play safe and rely on labor-intensive manufacturing, it won't be long before the country completely loses its growth momentum.
The day China can produce a 100 percent homemade ball pen will be the day it truly qualifies as a first-class industrial power.
This article appeared in the Hong Kong Economic Journal on Jan. 21.
Translation by Alan Lee
[Chinese version 中文版]
– Contact us at [email protected]
FL
The woman behind the greatest wizard of all time, JK Rowling is known to every Harry Potter fan. Them works are loved by millions and while they have been pretty open about most of the things from the books, the Inspiration For The Deathly Hallows Symbol wasn't known to anyone, till now.
The BBC has a new documentary about the Harry Potter books and in it, JK Rowling revealed the inspiration for the Deathly Hallows. In the documentary, Harry Potter and The History of Magic, JK Rowling explained that the symbol came from a movie they were watching when they found out that their mother was dead.
They explained “The reason I can be incredibly precise about when I drew this is that at some point when I was drawing the picture and watching the movie, my mother died,”
Infact, they themselves didn't know at the time that the symbol was inspired by the movie The Man Who Would Be King.
“The Masonic Symbol is very important in that movie. It was literally twenty years later that I looked at the sign of the Deathly Hallows and realised how similar they were.” Rowling explained
According to Rowling, their mother's death was an important part of creating the series. They explained that
“The Potter series is hugely about loss, If my mother hadn't died, I think the stories would be utterly different and not what they are.”
Harry Potter: A History of Magic is available to stream on BBC iPlayer
Source : Radio Times
Coast Guard shares ice rescue safety tips Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (WROC-TV) - Got plans to go ice fishing or ice skating on frozen ponds this year? The United States Coast Guard wants you to think twice about the ice.
One wrong step, and you can find yourself in freezing water – unable to get out. Would you know what to do?
Jason Pata, Senior Chief of U.S. Coast Guard in Rochester, says it's vital to try and gain control of your breathing and fight off the initial shock of the cold water entry.
“You have about one minute to try to fight off the gasping reflex, about 10 minutes of functional mobility, and about one hour until loss of conciseness,” said Pata.
According to the Coast Guard, you want to keep breaking at the ice until it is strong enough for you to climb out.
To climb out, get your elbows on the ice with your chest at ice level, and kick your feet hard behind you while walking your elbows on the ice.
“Once your whole body is out of the water and on to the ice you want to roll to safety,” Pata said. “You don't want to try to crawl or stand up. You just want to roll towards the shore for as long as possible.”
If you're able to help yourself out of the water, get to a place where you can get warm as quick as possible.
Stop the cooling process and start a slow warming process by removing all your wet clothing and getting dry clothing on.
You don't want to eat or drink any liquids that are hot, because you can send your body into shock from the inside out. Find any blankets or sit next to heat source.
If you can't get your body back to normal temperature on your own, call 911.
If you still plan on heading the icy waters then remember “ICE” – information, clothing, and equipment.
That means you want to pay attention to the weather. Wearing the appropriate layers can save your life.
The layer closest to your skin should be moisture wicking, meaning it absorbs the sweat and keeps you dry. Then a middle layer composed of fleece or wool, and a top layer that can handle the weather elements – for example, a windbreaker or rain resistant coat.
Finally, bring the right tools. Have a life jacket, something that can dig into the ice in case you need to pull yourself out, and a friend who can get help and know where you are.
"When I asked if they intended to keep them as pets they ummed and ahhed and said 'probably not'. I couldn't believe they thought I'd give them to them when it was quite clear they planned to eat them." Debbie Connolly, a pet behaviour specialist who runs an animal sanctuary in Wales, claims they have received an increasing number of calls from people looking for pets to fatten up. Last week, they say they heard from a woman about some goats they were trying to rehome who they suspected was more intent on savouring them than saving them.
Last year, the credit crunch was blamed for an increase in the number of people turning to animal rescue centres to give their pets away, but Connolly suggests they are now returning in search of a cheap dinner. The rush towards self-sufficiency, which has seen a surge in sales of chicken coops and vegetable seeds, has also led to a spate of inquiries at their sanctuary.
"More and more people are trying to buy our animals with the intention of selling them on for their meat," they say. "These animals have been brought up as pets, how long will it be before they are literally making a dog's dinner?"
Connolly says people should be careful who they sell their pets too, "particularly rabbits, goats and pigs". Which raises two questions: is there really anything wrong with tucking into animals like these when times are hard, and how bad does the recession have to get before people are tempted to turn Rover into a hot dog or serve up anything à la cat?
← Sidebar
In a quiet backwater of the Desna River, near the village of Rozhny in the Kyiv region, you can find an unexpected thing – a real river tram.
According to local residents, the owner of the “river tram” is a former chief of waterways. One day, they decided to build a floating dacha and bought a couple of pontoons.
Since building a house from scratch was troublesome, they took an already finished construction, and bought a tram car in the depot at a price of scrap metal.
Inside, this craftsman equipped cabins with beds, and a kitchen with a refrigerator. The ship had no engine, but it was not a problem as, at the time, there were a lot of ships on the Desna and any of them could gladly take it in tow.
Many years later. The owner of the river tram resigned and abandoned it. Here's how it looks now gradually destroyed by nature. An amazing and unusual sight. Photos by: Richard Zorge.
Tags: abandoned · Kiev oblast
<< Chernihiv railway station – one of the finest in Ukraine
The Museum of Folk Architecture and Life in Uzhgorod >>
No comments yet.
After falling short at the Giro d'Italia, Michele Scarponi (Lampre-ISD) is looking to make amends by performing strongly at the Tour de France. Remarkably, it will be the Italian's first participation in the Tour since 2004. Related Articles Scarponi confirms Giro d'Italia participation
Scarponi reinstates themselves as sole team leader
Di Luca: Scarponi is still Giro d'Italia favourite
Scarponi extends contract with Lampre-ISD through 2013
Scarponi falls short in Bellegarde-sur-Valserine
Earlier in the season, Scarponi had spoken of forgoing the Giro altogether in order to ride the Tour, but had been non-committal about their plans after finishing the corsa rosa in 4th place in May. Following a spell of training on the Passo dello Stelvio, however, Scarponi has thrown their hat into the ring for the Tour.
“Already at the start of the season I spoke with the management about riding the Giro and the Tour, and even right before the Giro I still had this in mind,” Scarponi said in a video interview on their team's website. “For me, the hard thing after the Giro is to get straight back on the bike and find the appetite to start riding again. But this year I still have a lot of desire to keep working.”
Scarponi will be among the contenders for victory on the testing Valsugana circuit at the Italian road race championships next Saturday, but they were more circumspect about their chances of a high overall finish at the Tour given the preponderance of time trialling miles on the route.
“There are more or less 100 kilometres of time trialling so it might be a bit stupid to say I want to go to France to ride for the GC, even if you never know,” they said. “I think the aim is to train really well and arrive at the Tour motivated. A good Tour would be to go on the attack in the mountains and maybe even win a stage.”
Scarponi earmarked the sets of mountain stages immediately after each of the Tour's two rest days as their primary targets for the race. “The rest days in this Tour are both on Tuesdays, but the Wednesday and Thursday of the second and third weeks are the hardest stages in the Alps and the Pyrenees,” Scarponi pointed out. “In those four stages I'll look to push myself to the maximum and do as much as I can.”
A series of strong performances over the Grand-Colombier on stage 10, to La Touissure on stage 11 and on the road to Luchon and Peyragudes in the final week would put Scarponi in contention for the king of mountains title. Although points on summit finishes now count double, however, they warned that it would be difficult to take the crown.
“It's not straightforward because sometimes riders go away in breaks on easier days and pick up a lot of points,” they said. “The mountain stages alone aren't always enough to come away with the polka dot jersey. But it would be a dream to wear it and I'll look to do well.
“I have the Giro in my legs but a lot of motivation. I'm coming in to the Tour with my feet on the ground but with the aim of pushing myself.”
Sadly, many human Rights abuses take place in our age, and so it is to be wholly commended when the head of the Vatican state (the chap with the funny hat) highlights such abuses and speaks out against such horrors.
However, as we all know, things are not exactly squeaky clean within that organization. In addition to the ongoing sage of abuse, cover-ups, and denial of responsiblity we also now have the Vatileaks scandal. Horrified at the internal corruption and financial problems, Paolo Gabriele, who has worked for Pope Benedict XVI as one of their most personal aides for six years, leaked internal papers containing details of it all.
So what has happened to him?
Well, as pointed out by Catherine Pepinster, editor of Catholic weekly The Tablet, within an article in the Guardian …
After their arrest they were incarcerated for 50 days, initially in solitary confinement in a cell deep inside the Vatican; then under house arrest in their apartment within the Vatican City State. Despite the Catholic church still using Latin as an official language, it didn't appear to understand habeas corpus. Yet human rights experts barely reacted to what was happening: when my publication, the Tablet, contacted Amnesty International about the butler's situation, it had nothing to say.Only the LSE's Prof Conor Gearty, writing in the Tablet, pointed out the scandal of it, particularly given how vocal Rome usually is about human rights.
Remember now, these are not the words of an external critic, this is the voice of the editor of a leading international Catholic paper.
In many ways it is not a surprise, the abuse scandal has demonstrated that they believe themselves to be above the law because their Cannon law is believed to override normal human laws, so it should come as no surprise to see this theocratic dictatorship behaving in a quite frankly thuggish manner.
Beyond what has happened to the whistle-blower there is also a bigger story here, it is a tale of corruption within the Vatican City State, and yet they appear to be once again more interested in preserving a cover-up and have almost no interest in investigating the allegations that the leaked papers have revealed.
Why oh why am I not surprised.
If curious, then you can click here to find out more about Vatileaks.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Solar System Formation
Do the planets and moons in our solar system tend to orbit and rotate in the same plane? If so, what would be the cause of such uniformity? Why do all the planets orbit the Sun in the same direction?
- question from Andy Johns & Tom
Planets of the solar system (not to scale)
The leading hypothesis to explain how the solar system formed is called the condensation theory, which is based on a related explanation called the nebular theory. A nebula is a large cloud of gas and dust that exists in the depths of interstellar space. These clouds typically form during the death of a giant star when it goes supernova. This mighty explosion sends most of the star's mass outward into space as a massive wave of debris. The nebular cloud from which our solar system formed may have accumulated from one or more stars that went supernova billions of years ago. Astronomers have used the Hubble Space Telescope and other observatories to discover similar nebular clouds where new stars and possibly planets appear to be in the process of being created.
Stars forming in small protrusions from the Eagle Nebula
Astronomers estimate that the nebular cloud from which our solar system formed contained about two to three times the mass of the Sun and was about 100 astronomical units (AU) across. An astronomical unit is defined as the average distance between the Sun and Earth, or about 93 million miles (150 million km). This massive loosely-bound cloud of dust, ice particles, and gases (primarily hydrogen and helium) had some small rate of rotation due to the method in which it was formed. Over time, this nebular cloud began to collapse inward. The collapse may have itself been triggered by a supernova that sent shockwaves through the cloud causing it to compress. As the cloud compressed on itself, the gravitational attraction of the matter within increased and pulled the material in even further. The nebula continued to contract under the influence of gravity causing it to spin faster. The more the cloud contracted, the faster it rotated due to the conservation of angular momentum. The rate of contraction was the greatest near the center of the cloud where a dense central core began to form. As the rate of rotation of the nebula continued to increase, centrifugal effects caused the spinning cloud to flatten into a disk with a bulge at its center.
Contracting nebular cloud increasing its rate of rotation
The middle of this spinning disk further condensed to eventually form the Sun at the center of the solar system. The material spinning around this new star also condensed into several large chunks of material called planetoids. As these planetoids collided, they coallesced into larger bodies to form the planets that exist today. Because the Sun and planets all formed from the same nebular cloud, they all rotate in the same direction that was induced on the disk of material as it coallesced. Not only do the planets all rotate counter-clockwise around the Sun, but the Sun and nearly all the planets rotate counter-clockwise about their axes. The solar equator and the plane containing the orbits of the planets are also nearly identical, further supporting the formation theory described above.
Spinning cloud flattening into a disk and condensing into a star and planets
Only a few exceptions to this explanation can be found in the solar system. The planet Venus actually rotates clockwise around its axis in what is called a retrograde motion. Uranus is also in an unusual orientation since the world is tilted on its side with its north and south poles in about the same plane as the planet's orbit around the Sun. Tiny Pluto is also tilted on its side and is the only planet with an orbit considerably outside of the ecliptic plane. While the reasons for these eccentricities are unknown, it is believed that large collisions with other large bodies during the formation of the solar system may account for the unusual characteristics of these planets.
- answer by Jeff Scott, 16 October 2005
Related Topics:
Jer
Administrator
Posts: 75
Administrator [Archive Add] 04-06-2002 : Summer Jam (Hamilton, Nz) Select Post
Select Post Deselect Post
Deselect Post Link to Post
Link to Post Member Give Gift
Member Back to Top Post by Jer on 04-06-2002 : Summer Jam at Waikato Stadium (Hamilton, Nz)
Audience Audio
This is the last of three New Zealand Summer Jam performances, and the last time it is known that the band would play until their appearance at the ARIA Awards.
This is an audience recording of clear and crisp quality. Nothing about this show is edited. If anything this was an interesting set. Slave is placed more toward the end of the show. This would also be one of only a few times that The Lever was played in the middle of the set, and without an extended jam / improv.
Daniel comments after Israel's Son, saying that New Zealand is always cold and rainy, never having anything to offer. They then takes back their statement and apologizes after Miss You Love. There is also slight discussion of a possible small earthquake (?) Daniel says after Paint Pastel Princess not to ask for an encore, because they were already told that they do not have time. They then proceeds to address some weird situation saying "so we are going to talk about why you guys are willing to make fun of the people that died on the Titanic". This is followed by the comment "It (life) can be like this, or like that. And before you know it we're all fuckin' gone".
An all around good set. I wish we have a known video source for this one.
The setlist was :
01 - Intro
02 - Emotion Sickness
03 - Without You
04 - Israel's Son
05 - World Upon Your Shoulders
06 - Miss You Love
07 - The Lever
08 - Ana's Song
09 - Do You Feel The Same
10 - The Greatest View
11 - Paint Pastel Princess
12 - The Door
13 - Slave
14 - Freak
15 - Anthem For The Year 2000
Encouraging news out of the High Court on Thursday for opponents of the loathed Atos' work capability assessments (WCAs) : the court granted permission to two disabled people for a judicial review to challenge the operation of WCAs.
Represented by the Public Law Project, the claimants argue that WCAs discriminate against people with mental health problems. Says the Public Law Project's Ravi Low-Beer, the reasonable adjustment they want is for the onus to be on the Department of Work and Pensions “to make sure they have medical evidence from medical practitioners from the beginning of the process,” for ESA applicants with mental health issues.
Most people will know WCAs as the face-to-face interviews and brief physical tests that are conducted by Atos healthcare to assess people's eligibility for the Employment and Support Allowance
As things stand, says Low-Beer, WCAs are conducted by Atos healthcare professionals who are not mental health experts. “At present,” the Public Law Project says, “the DWP do not routinely ask for expert medical reports from an applicant's community-based doctor.” Interviews are often hurried and people must be able to explain their problems in detail. The claimants contend that not everyone with mental health problems is always in a position to do that – it may be, says Public Law, that “conditions fluctuate in seriousness, or [people] cannot easily talk about their disability” - which means people can be found fit for work with less than their whole stories told. That, says Low-Beer, pushes people who may already be struggling into a notoriously stressful appeals process.
“For some people, having to negotiate an appeal is an agony. It causes a tremendous amount of distress. It's a confrontation with the state that they're ill-equipped to endure.” For those reasons, says Low-Beer, medical evidence should be available and considered at the beginning of the process, and it should be up to the DWP to make sure it is. Last year, the Public Law Project and the Mental Health Resistance Network began to meet to consider a course of action around the problem
Now, they have one. It's certainly a slap in the face for the government – and for a despised assessment process that has long been mired in strife and acrimony. Sites like Broken of Britain AtosVictimsGroup and J ayne Linney 's have grown and grown as people have looked to rein in an assessment process that they say is imprecise, unfair, fails to account for medical evidence and even to reflect discussions which take place in Atos assessment rooms. The Guardian has reported “hundreds of thousands of people” flooding to contest decisions made against ESA eligibility as a result of these assessments: “a 56% rise during 2010/11 in the number of people appealing rulings that they are fit for work,” and an overloaded tribunals system to boot. “Since the system was trialled at the end of 2009, at least 390,000 people have gone to appeal. Tribunal courts have been forced to open on Saturdays and to increase staff by 30% since January 2010 to deal with the backlog.”
God knows I've talked to people who've been stuck in it. People I've interviewed with mental health problems and bad experiences of WCA include Paul*, from Cheshire, a man who'd worked for nearly 40 years, but who suffered from severe depression and had made a suicide attempt when their department was restructured and their job changed. They told me that "there was no sympathy all,” at their WCA : “They even got my date of birth and my medication wrong. They said I went out shopping and visiting my brother - none of which was true. I can't go out of the door on my own.” Atos found them fit for work – a decision which was, like many, overturned on appeal. They almost didn't get there – they were so stressed by the thought of the appeals process that they did not want to go through it. In the end, they only appealed because their wife insisted and helped them with it.
A Newcastle man with schizophrenia, Steve*, also failed in their application for ESA. They told me that few questions were asked in their assessment about the impact their schizophrenia has on their life and their ability to cope. They were found fit for work and needed the help of their community mental health team to go through an appeal.
*Surnames withheld
Congress ended the week by passing a continuing resolution keeping the government funded for one more week. This stopgap funding bill is designed to give Congress and the White House more time to negotiate a long-term spending bill. Passage of a long-term spending bill has been delayed over objections to Republican efforts to preserve Obamcare's key features but give states a limited ability to opt out of some Obamacare mandates.
This type of brinkmanship has become standard operating procedure on Capitol Hill. The drama inevitably ends with a spending bill being crafted behind closed doors by small groups of members and staffers and then rushed to the floor and voted on before most members have a chance to read it. These “omnibus” spending bills are a dereliction of one of Congress's two most important duties — allocating spending. Of course, Congress long ago abandoned another primary duty — preventing presidents from launching military attacks without first obtaining a congressional declaration of war.
The uncomfortable question raised by Congress's abrogation of these two key functions is whether a republican form of government is compatible with a welfare-warfare state. The answer seems to be “no.”
Congress's dysfunctional spending process is an inevitable result of the government's growth. It is simply unrealistic to expect Congress to fund the modern leviathan via a lengthy and open process that allows individual members to have some say in how government spends their constituents' money. The dysfunctional spending process benefits the many politicians eager to avoid accountability for government spending. The rushed process allows these politicians to say they had to vote for the spending bills. Often, these big spending bills include a promise to cut spending in the future. Like tomorrow, the promised spending cuts are always a day away.
If government continues to expand, the economy will continue to stagnate, social tensions and violence will increase, and more power will be concentrated in the hands of the president, bureaucrats, and a select few members of Congress. The only way to avoid this is for Congress to shut down most of the federal government, starting with bringing the troops home and drastically cutting the military-industrial complex's budget. Congress must also close all unconstitutional federal agencies and programs, and wind down federal entitlement programs. A good place to start is the Department of Education. The Federal Reserve must be audited and then ended.
The root of the current crisis is neither political nor economic but philosophical. Too many have bought into the lie that government can protect us from life's misfortunes and stamp out evil around the world without endangering our liberty, our safety, and our prosperity. Convincing a critical mass of people to reject big government is key to our success.
The breakdown of the congressional appropriations process, combined with hyper-interventionism via the Federal Reserve and foreign policy, suggest we are in the last stages of the welfare-warfare state. Whether this system's inevitable collapse completes our descent into authoritarianism or leads to a restoration of limited, constitutional government and free markets depends on how effective those of us who know the truth are in spreading the ideas of liberty.
Ron Paul is a former U.S. member of congress from Texas. This article originally appeared at the Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity and is reprinted here with permission.
A suspect who unleashed street closures, business evacuations and a bomb squad operation on downtown San Rafael was released after pleading Pokémon Go.
The incident began at about 11:45 a.m. Thursday when a witness in an office building reported a suspicious man on the roof of the parking garage behind the Bank of America building. The witness said the man left a black duffel bag on the roof and quickly walked away, said San Rafael police Lt. Alan Piombo.
Police closed Fourth Street to traffic and evacuated the employees from the bank and the businesses and apartments in the Rafael Town Center.
A bomb squad from the University of California arrived at about 1:30 p.m. to examine the bag. The squad sent a robot to the bag and could not make a determination on the contents, so the bomb technicians went in to examine it.
Meanwhile, police contacted a witness who obtained a cellphone photo of the suspect. Then another witness reported that the man from the roof was still in the area.
Police tracked down the man and matched them to the cellphone photo.
“The subject admitted to being on the top of the parking garage playing Pokémon Go, but initially denied any association with the backpack,” Piombo said. “Upon further questions, the subject admitted the backpack belonged to him.”
The man told police they were looking for a place to live and needed a safe place to store their belongings in the meantime.
The bomb squad determined the backpack contained a sleeping bag and clothing.
Piombo said police do not plan to seek charges against the man.
Stephen Mayhall, manager of the Mr. Pickle's sandwich shop on Court Street, said the store was evacuated for about two hours during lunch. They estimated the lost revenue at several hundred dollars.
“I was more concerned about what was going on,” Mayhall said. “We weren't able to serve sandwiches at the time, but all in all everyone is safe is better than making a couple of bucks.”
No one cares about Albania, and it is in a good strategic position for the U.S.
What useful thing has Albania ever done for anyone? Exactly.
I also believe Albania would prove a good strategic location.
Albania is positioned in Europe, making it a good strategic position both for international politics, but also for dealing with problems in the Middle East caused by radical Islamic terrorist groups, such as ISIS, Al Qaeda, and The Taliban.
All in all, and invasion of Albania would be of great benefit to the United States, and to the world.
If anyone reading this would like to discuss possible ways to end Albania, or assist me in the effort to cleanse the world of it, then feel free to contact me at ihatealbanians@gmail.com
Whenever I'm comforted by the genius of our Founders, the resilience of our institutions and the wisdom of the American people, I know my meds need adjusting.
James Madison famously explained in Federalist 51 that because men by nature are not angels, the Constitution distributes power among the branches and levels of government via the ingenious checks and balances that protect individuals from the tyranny of despots and the injustice of majorities.
Unfortunately, this gives equal power to states containing a few hundred thousand people and states containing tens of million of people. A Wyoming voter has about 70 times the Senate clout as a California voter. The 21 smallest states put together have fewer people than California, but their 42 senators, representing something like 12 percent of the nation's population, can stop anything in its tracks.
The Constitution doesn't spell out the Senate's rules, but it does give the Senate the power to set its own rules, which include the 60 votes needed to shut off a filibuster, which in turn gives Republicans veto power over energy, climate change, immigration and pretty much anything else that could be counted a success for the president.
The Constitution is powerless to prevent the Roberts Supreme Court from declaring that corporations are people whose First Amendment rights entitle them to pour as much money as they want into elections, and it's powerless to prevent Mitch McConnell's minority from blocking a law to make that corporate campaign spending transparent.
And if you want to amend the Constitution -- say, to eliminate an Electoral College that lets minorities pick presidents -- you run up against the same Great Compromise that hyper-empowers states with more sheep or cows than people.
Since a structural flaw in our system of governance prevents the system from fixing itself, you might think an alternative would be to have smarter voters, who in principle would elect better legislators. This strategy puts a premium on better information, delivered to rational people through quality education and a free press. If you don't burst into laughter or tears about how that's been working out for America, then I want a month's supply of whatever you're on.
Our free press has been so intimidated by right-wing pressure groups and their media enablers that the job of fact-finding has been replaced by the grotesque practice of "balancing" charges with countercharges. Is Sarah Palin's "death panels" fact or fiction? Our press says, here are both sides -- you're on your own, kid. Afraid of bad names like "lamestream" and "liberal," our news media, rather than treating Andrew Breitbart like Lee Atwater -- a partisan propagandist and smear-merchant -- instead amplified their lies about Shirley Sherrod and turned what should have been a story about how easily knaves can play the press for fools into a story about the Obama administration's fear of Glenn Beck.
I wish a focus on facts could fix this. But there's something scary about how humans are hardwired, and it was driven home by studies led by University of Michigan political scientist Brendan Nyhan. They investigated how people behave when they're provided with facts that disprove false things they think are true. The depressing title of their report: "When Corrections Fail: The persistence of political misperceptions." The bleak subtitle of Joe Keohane's Boston Globe piece about Nyhan's work: "Researchers discover a surprising threat to democracy: our brains."
People who believed WMDs were found in Iraq believed that fiction even more strongly when they were shown a news story correcting that mistake. The same was true of people who believed that the Bush tax cuts increased government revenue; a correction -- revenues actually fell -- also backfired, further entrenching people in their error. This finding transcends ideology: People who believed that Bush banned all stem cell research continued to believe that even when they were shown that only certain federal funding of stem cell work was stopped.
No one has yet produced a neurological map showing where or why this happens, but as Keohane put it, our brains are designed to create shortcuts like inference and intuition in order to avoid the cognitive discomfort required to process and assimilate dissonant information. It hurts our heads to change our minds.
That kind of puts a ceiling on what we can expect from education. I'd like to think that the reason some people think Obama was not born American, or that 9/11 was a secret plot by the U.S. government, is simply cultural. It's not that they don't have the facts, goes this view; it's that they lack a good education, which cultivates critical thinking. Reason, the scientific method, media literacy: it's widely believed that these tools can overcome not only propaganda and superstition, but also the inherent limitations of how we're wired. We may possess lizard brains, but we also possess several centuries' worth of methods for transcending our species' propensity for paranoia, intransigence and irrationality. Education trumps ignorance. Human history can compensate for human nature.
Plato, of course, said it couldn't work. Even the brightest among us are run by the same limbic system that ran us when we roamed the savannahs. Even the best-educated citizens sometimes can't help being bedazzled by illusion, seduced by spectacle and misled by morons. Our public education system may be failing us, but even in the most splendid of educational circumstances, schooling can't prevent smart people from occasionally being totally wrong about the facts.
That, plus the timidity of modern journalism, together with the inequities baked into our democratic institutions, are all worth remembering the next time someone says that Divine Providence is guiding America's destiny. If that's true, it's a pretty perverse God at the helm.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, signs on the board during the official opening of the world's first functional 3D printed offices in Dubai May 23, 2016. REUTERS/Ahmed Jadallah
DUBAI (Reuters) - Dubai has opened what it said was the world's first functioning 3D-printed office building, part of a drive by the Gulf's main tourism and business hub to develop technology that cuts costs and saves time.
The printers - used industrially and also on a smaller scale to make digitally designed, three-dimensional objects from plastic - have not been used much for building.
This one used a special mixture of cement, a Dubai government statement said, and reliability tests were done in Britain and China.
The one-storey prototype building, with floorspace of about 250 square meters (2,700 square feet), used a 20-foot (6-metre)by 120-foot by 40-foot printer, the government said.
“This is the first 3D-printed building in the world, and it's not just a building, it has fully functional offices and staff,” the United Arab Emirates Minister of Cabinet Affairs, Mohamed Al Gergawi, said.
“We believe this is just the beginning. The world will change,” they said.
The arc-shaped office, built in 17 days and costing about $140,000, will be the temporary headquarters of Dubai Future Foundation - the company behind the project - is in the center of the city, near the Dubai International Financial Center.
Gergawi said studies estimated the technique could cut building time by 50-70 percent and labor costs by 50-80 percent. Dubai's strategy was to have 25 percent of the buildings in the emirate printed by 2030, they said.
A Chinese immigrant in Brooklyn has pleaded guilty for the brutal 2013 killing of their cousin's family with a meat cleaver.
The State Supreme Court in Brooklyn sentenced Mingdong Chen to 125 years to life in prison on three counts of second-degree murder and two counts of first-degree manslaughter.
The New York Daily News reports that Chen stabbed Qiao Zhen Li, 37, their cousin-in-law, and their four children to death inside their own home because they thought they were “using” them to get a green card. The children were aged from 9 years old to 18 months.
The judge in the case explained the 125-year sentence: “I only would have accepted this plea if never again under any circumstances could they be free in society,”
“The minimum of 125 years and the maximum life sentence, gives a goal of public safety that they will never be a free person,” said Assistant District Attorney Mark Hale. “(The sentence) also was a desire to avoid the family to relive the worst day of their life.”
Before this appearance in court, Chen had been found unfit to stand twice. They told the judge they were on medications.
Following the hearing, one of the victim's family members asked the prosecutor if they would be allowed to directly ask Chen questions.
“I want to know why they did what they did because we treated them so well,” they said.
Last year it was reported that Chen had admitted to committing the murders because the house had been too noisy and they were “unable to get good rest.” Other court documents record them telling detectives that “this happened tonight because I was thinking about not having a wife and job.”
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
Mitt Romney Writes Erotic Fiction
About Himself
It was 7:30 pm on a Wednesday, and Mitt Romney, former Governor of Massachusetts and presumptive Republican nominee for President, had made a decision. They were going to have sex with their wife Ann Romney. They were going to use their penis to do it. Their real penis. And it was okay for them to do that because they were married and also because they were home. Just thinking of them was giving them a stir in their testicles.
But they aren't just going to go in there and do it now. First, they had to get ready. They were going to make themselves a chicken breast. They went into the kitchen. They found a chicken breast in the refrigerator. They put it in a bowl with a marinade made up of equal parts mayonnaise and strawberry jelly. They stirred it around. They were good and hard now.
Then they boiled a pot of water and dropped the chicken breast in to boil. It swirled around in the hot steamy water, developing a film of mayonnaise and strawberry jelly on the surface of the water. But Mitt knew what was cooking beneath that film. It was chicken. They ejaculated a little bit in their pants. When the chicken was done, they stood at the counter and ate it, just like they would someday stand at the presidential podium, only then they wouldn't be eating chicken probably.
Mitt was ready now. They walked down the hallway to the TV room. Ann was lying under an afghan, because they were chilly. They were slightly hypothyroid. They shivered just picturing those Lee jeans they were wearing under that afghan. They knew they went all the way down to there, and all the way up too, all the way to their natural waist. And they knew there was something between their legs. Something they wanted. And it wasn't a maxi pad. But they knew what a maxi pad was. They also knew what a tampon was, even though it freaked them out. But Ann didn't need any of those things. Because they were in menopause.
“Ann,” Mitt said, “I would like to make love to you, if that's okay.”
They knew they would probably say yes. They usually said yes unless they had their period, which they didn't any more because of menopause. They had even given them a blow job one time when they were sad because their boat was broken.
They took their hand and they walked upstairs. Mitt was breathing heavily with anticipation. They hoped they could hold on until they were naked.
“Oh look,” Ann said, "the cat has a piece of yarn stuck in their tail.”
Mitt moaned in ecstasy.
They closed the bedroom door. They both took off their pants only. Mitt looked deep into Ann's eyes. “I love you Ann,” they said to her, “Thank you for your loyalty, you are a great mother."
“You're welcome,” Ann said.
Then they put it in their butt.
The Trump administration is delaying Obama-era updates for nutritional facts labels on packaged foods.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a proposed rule Friday to delay compliance deadlines to the rule finalized in 2016 by a year and a half.
Manufactures with annual food sales of $10 million or more would have until Jan. 1, 2020, to come into compliance, and manufacturers with less than $10 million in annual food sales would have until Jan. 1, 2021.
Under the new rules, manufactures are required to add a percent daily value for added sugars, make serving sizes more closely reflect the amount of food people eat, change the label format to make the number of calories more prominent and update the list of vitamins and nutrients.
ADVERTISEMENT
FDA said it's taking the action to “help ensure that all manufacturers covered by the rules have guidance from FDA to address, for example, certain technical questions we received” after publishing the final rule.
“Companies and trade associations with members covered by the rules have informed us that they have significant concerns about their ability to update all their labels by the compliance dates due to issues regarding (among other things) the need for upgrades to labeling software, the need to obtain nutrition information from suppliers, the number of products that would need new labels, and a limited time for reformulation of products,” the agenda wrote in the proposed rule.
The delay was welcomed by industry groups.
In a statement, Pamela Bailey, president and CEO of the Grocery Manufacturers Association, said companies now have time execute these updates in a way that reduces consumer confusion and marketplace costs.
“This common-sense extension to January 1, 2020 will allow FDA to complete the necessary final guidance documents for added sugars and dietary fibers and gives companies adequate time to make the Nutrition Facts Panel revisions,” they said.
“We urge FDA to complete this guidance as quickly as it can so companies can make the required updates.”
Some companies, however, say they don't need the extra time.
In a statement, the snack food company KIND said it has already completed 80 percent of its label updates and will finish the remainder in 2018 despite the proposed delay to the compliance date.
The public has 30 days to submit comments on FDA's proposal.
Supervisor mode access prevention
Benefits for LWN subscribers The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing, but, beyond that, subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features. Please sign up today!
Operating system designers and hardware designers tend to put a lot of thought into how the kernel can be protected from user-space processes. The security of the system as a whole depends on that protection. But there can also be value in protecting user space from the kernel. The Linux kernel will soon have support for a new Intel processor feature intended to make that possible.
Under anything but the strangest (out of tree) memory configurations, the kernel's memory is always mapped, so user-space code could conceivably read and modify it. But the page protections are set to disallow that access; any attempt by user space to examine or modify the kernel's part of the address space will result in a segmentation violation ( SIGSEGV ) signal. Access in the other direction is rather less controlled: when the processor is in kernel mode, it has full access to any address that is valid in the page tables. Or nearly full access; the processor will still not normally allow writes to read-only memory, but that check can be disabled when the need arises.
Intel's new "Supervisor Mode Access Prevention" (SMAP) feature changes that situation; those wanting the details can find them starting on page 408 of this reference manual [PDF]. This extension defines a new SMAP bit in the CR4 control register; when that bit is set, any attempt to access user-space memory while running in a privileged mode will lead to a page fault. Linux support for this feature has been posted by H. Peter Anvin to generally positive reviews; it could show up in the mainline as early as 3.7.
Naturally, there are times when the kernel needs to work with user-space memory. To that end, Intel has defined a separate "AC" flag that controls the SMAP feature. If the AC flag is set, SMAP protection is in force; otherwise access to user-space memory is allowed. Two new instructions (STAC and CLAC) are provided to manipulate that flag relatively quickly. Unsurprisingly, much of Peter's patch set is concerned with adding STAC and CLAC instructions in the right places. User-space access functions ( get_user() , for example, or copy_to_user() ) clearly need to have user-space access enabled. Other places include transitions between kernel and user mode, futex operations, floating-point unit state saving, and so on. Signal handling, as usual, has special requirements; Peter had to make some significant changes to allow signal delivery to happen without excessive overhead.
Speaking of overhead, support for this feature will clearly have its costs. User-space access functions tend to be expanded inline, so there will be a lot of STAC and CLAC instructions spread around the kernel. The "alternatives" mechanism is used to patch them out if the SMAP feature is not in use (either not supported by the kernel or disabled with the nosmap boot flag), but the kernel will grow a little regardless. The STAC and CLAC instructions also require a little time to execute. Thus far, no benchmarks have been posted to quantify what the cost is; one assumes that it is small but not nonexistent.
The kernel will treat SMAP violations like it treats any other bad pointer access: the result will be an oops.
One might well ask what the value of this protection is, given that the kernel can turn it off at will. The answer is that it can block a whole class of exploits where the kernel is fooled into reading from (or writing to) user-space memory by mistake. The set of null pointer vulnerabilities exposed a few years ago is one obvious example. There have been many situations where an attacker has found a way to get the kernel to use a bad pointer, while the cases where the attacker could execute arbitrary code in kernel space (before exploiting the bad pointer) have been far less common. SMAP should block the more common attacks nicely.
The other benefit, of course, is simply finding kernel bugs. Driver writers (should) know that they cannot dereference user-space pointers directly from the kernel, but code that does so tend to work on some architectures anyway. With SMAP enabled, that kind of mistake will be found and fixed earlier, before the bad code is shipped in a mainline kernel. As is so often the case, there is real value in having the system enforce the rules that developers are supposed to be following.
Linus liked the patch set and nobody else has complained, so the changes have found their way into the "tip" tree. That makes it quite likely that we will see them again quite soon, probably once the 3.7 merge window opens. It will take a little longer, though, to get processors that support this feature; SMAP is set to first appear in the Haswell line, which should start shipping in 2013. But, once the hardware is available, Linux will be able to take advantage of this new feature.
This article is about the guiding principle in the fictional Star Trek universe. For other uses of Prime Directive, see Prime Directive (disambiguation)
In the fictional universe of Star Trek, the Prime Directive (also known as "Starfleet General Order 1", "General Order 1", and the "non-interference directive") is a guiding principle of Starfleet, prohibiting its members from interfering with the internal and natural development of alien civilizations.[1] The Prime Directive applies particularly to civilizations which are below a certain threshold of technological, scientific and cultural development; preventing starship crews from using their superior technology to impose their own values or ideals on them.[2] Since its introduction in the first season of the original Star Trek series, it has served as the plot focus of numerous episodes of the various Star Trek series.
The Prime Directive
Although the concept of the Prime Directive has been alluded to and paraphrased by many Star Trek characters during the television series and feature films, the actual directive has never been provided to viewers.[3] The most complete attempts to define the directive have come from non-canonical works and include:
The Prime Directive prohibits Starfleet personnel and spacecraft from interfering in the normal development of any society, and mandates that any Starfleet vessel or crew member is expendable to prevent violation of this rule[4]
and
As the right of each sentient species to live in accordance with its normal cultural evolution is considered sacred, no Starfleet personnel may interfere with the normal and healthy development of alien life and culture. Such interference includes introducing superior knowledge, strength, or technology to a world whose society is incapable of handling such advantages wisely. Starfleet personnel may not violate this Prime Directive, even to save their lives and/or their ship, unless they are acting to right an earlier violation or an accidental contamination of said culture. This directive takes precedence over any and all other considerations, and carries with it the highest moral obligation.[5][6]
Creation and evolution
Creation of the Prime Directive is generally credited to original-series producer Gene L. Coon.[7] The Prime Directive reflected a contemporary political view that US involvement in the Vietnam War was an example of a superpower interfering in the natural development of southeast Asian society; the creation of the Prime Directive was perceived as a repudiation of that involvement.[8][9]
Notable on-screen references
Criticism
The Prime Directive has been criticized in-universe because of the inconsistencies in which it is applied. In the TOS episodes "Friday's Child," "For the World Is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky," "The Cloud Minders," "The Apple," "The Return of the Archons," and "A Taste of Armageddon," the crew of the Enterprise interferes with laws or customs of alien worlds to achieve a Federation objective, to save the lives of the crew, or to better the lives of the inhabitants.[11]
Out-of-universe criticisms focus on the above problems; that the Prime Directive is simply a plot device and is manipulated by the writers. If the Federation is not colonialists (or conquerors), but are trying to ethically "share" the universe, doesn't that imply a need to communicate and work together?[12] Would the Prime Directive work (or not work) much like our present-day International Law, with levels of enforcement varying on how powerful the violator is?[13] Or, as one critic writes, "If your concern is not to change the natural behavior or development of alien citizens at any cost, your best bet is to stay at home rather than to explore new worlds."[14]
Temporal Prime Directive
The "Temporal Prime Directive" is a fictional guideline for time travelers (from the past or future) from interfering in the natural development of a timeline.
In the TNG epsiode "A Matter of Time", Picard compares the Prime Directive to a possible Temporal Prime Directive:
"Of course, you know of the Prime Directive, which tells us that we have no right to interfere with the natural evolution of alien worlds. Now I have sworn to uphold it, but nevertheless I have disregarded that directive on more than one occasion because I thought it was the right thing to do. Now, if you are holding on to some temporal equivalent of that directive, then isn't it possible that you have an occasion here to make an exception, to help me to choose, because it's the right thing to do?"
As 31st century time traveler Daniels revealed to Captain Jonathan Archer in the Star Trek: Enterprise episode "Cold Front", as time travel technology became practical, the Temporal Accords were established sometime before the 31st century, to allow the use of time travel for the purposes of studying history, while prohibiting the use of it to alter history.
See also
As someone who strives – sanctimoniously – to be right, I'm a masochistic fan of research showing that people who are wrong have better lives than I do. This is why I particularly enjoyed a study from Psychological Science showing that being superstitious improves performance in a whole string of different tasks.
Now, I'm always a bit conflicted about this kind of psychology research. On my left shoulder is an angel who points out it's risky to extrapolate from laboratory conditions to the real world; that publication bias in this field (the phenomenon where uninteresting findings get left in a desk drawer unpublished forever) is probably considerable; and that it's uncommon to see a genuinely systematic review of the literature on these kinds of topics, bringing together all the conflicting research in one place. I am not Malcolm Gladwell, if that helps to frame the issue more clearly, and I think their books are a bit silly and overstated. On my right shoulder is a devil who thinks this stuff is all really cool and fun.  They are typing right now.
The researchers did four miniature experiments. In the first, they took 28 students, more than 80% of whom said they believed in good luck, and randomly assigned them to either a superstition-activated or a control condition. Then they put them on a putting green. To activate a superstition, for half of them, when handing over the ball the experimenter said: "Here is your ball. So far it has turned out to be a lucky ball." For the other half, the experimenter just said: "This is the ball everyone has used so far." Each participant had 10 goes at trying to get a hole in one from a distance of 100cm (39in). And lo, the students playing with a "lucky ball" did significantly better than the others, with a mean score of 6.42, against 4.75 for the others.
Then they moved on to a second experiment. Fifty-one students were asked to perform a motor-dexterity task, an irritating, fiddly Perspex game to get 36 little balls into 36 little holes by tilting the box. Beforehand, they were randomly assigned to one of three groups, each hearing a different phrase just before starting. The superstition activator was "I press the thumbs for you", a German equivalent of the English expression "I keep my fingers crossed". Of the two control or comparison groups, members of one were told "I press the watch for you", with the idea that this implied a similar level of encouragement (I'm not so sure about that) and the others were told "On 'go' you go". As predicted, those who were told someone was keeping their fingers crossed for them finished the task significantly faster.
Then things got more interesting, as the researchers tried to unpick why this was happening. They took 41 students who had a lucky charm, and asked them to bring it to the session. It was either kept in the room or taken out to be "photographed". Then they were told about the memory task they were due to perform, and asked questions about how confident they felt. The ones with their lucky charm in the room performed better in the memory game than those without and also reported higher levels of "self-efficacy", which was correlated with performance.
Finally, they probed these mechanisms even further. Thirty-one students were asked to bring their lucky charm; it was either taken away or not, and they were given an anagram task. Before starting, they were asked to set a goal: what percentage of all the hidden words did they think they could find? Then they began: as expected, participants who had their lucky charm in the room performed better and reported a higher degree of "self-efficacy" as before. But, more than that, they set higher goals and persisted longer in working on the anagram task.
So there you go. Almost everyone has some kind of superstition (mine is that I should mention I noticed this study through my friends Vaughan Bell and Ed Yong on Twitter). What's interesting is that superstition works, because it improves confidence, lets you set higher goals and encourages you to work harder. In a lab. You now know everything you need to decide if this applies to your life.
The U.S. Citizenship Test is an important step in your U.S. citizenship application. During the citizenship interview, a US citizenship and immigration officer will ask the applicant ten(10) questions. The applicant must answer six(6) out of the ten(10) questions correctly in order to pass the civics portion of the naturalization test. If you fail the citizenship interview test, your citizenship application will be rejected. Since there are 100 potential questions, applicants must have enough practice before going for a citizenship interview, we build this most innovative online practice system to help applicants to get familiar with the interview questions. Many users pass the citizenship test by using this practicing system. Our practice system asks you questions about your state, which makes it unique in all the available systems. As a matter of fact, our system is recommended most by citizenship and immigration professionals.
The Denver Zoo welcomed the birth of two, male Red Panda cubs on August 27. The brothers, who don't have names yet, have been quietly spending time behind the scenes with their mother, Faith, in a nest box.
Keepers say the cubs are doing well and growing fast; they currently each weigh just over one pound. They won't, however, be visible to the public for another few weeks, when they'll be more developed and ready to join their father, Hamlet, in the Zoo's Red Panda enclosure.
Denver Zoo animal care staff and veterinarians are keeping a close eye on the cubs, performing regular exams to check their weight, temperature and overall wellness. In their first days of life, the cubs received some supplemental feedings. However, keepers say the cubs and mother are thriving, and that the brothers are pretty feisty when they wrestle each other.
Photo Credits: Denver Zoo
This is both parents' second litter. Faith was born in June 2014 at Toronto Zoo; Hamlet was born in July 2013 at Lee Richardson Zoo in Kansas. The Association of Zoos and Aquariums Species Survival Plan (SSP) brought the two to Denver Zoo, Faith from Trevor Park Zoo in New York and Hamlet from Toronto Zoo, in 2015 under a breeding recommendation, which ensures healthy populations and genetic diversity among zoo animals. The couple's first litter of cubs, Lali and Masu, was born at Denver Zoo in June 2016. By recommendation of the SSP, Lali moved to Scovill Zoo in Illinois, and Masu was moved to Norfolk Zoo in Virgina in April of this year.
Red Pandas (Ailurus fulgens) are native to Asia and are most commonly found in Nepal, India, Bhutan, Myanmar and China. As their name suggests, the animals are red and have off-white markings, large puffy tails and pointed ears. Red Pandas, like Giant Pandas, have very specialized diet requirements and eat a large amount of bamboo daily.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) classifies Red Pandas as “Endangered”. According to the IUCN, their biggest threats come from habitat loss and fragmentation, habitat degradation and physical threats. Red Pandas are part of the Global Species Management Plan (GSMP) in zoos around the world. GSMP is allied with field conservation efforts for animals around the world.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Forth Road Bridge was closed for much of December due to structural damage
A Holyrood inquiry into the closure of the Forth Road Bridge has concluded that the fault which caused it could not have been foreseen.
The bridge was closed for much of December 2015 due to structural damage.
MSPs ruled that work on the component which eventually failed was put off as a "direct consequence" of the Scottish government cutting funding grants.
However, a majority of the committee said this decision was "an appropriate course of action" at the time.
The bridge was closed to all traffic on 4 December after a crack was discovered in a truss under the southbound carriageway.
It was eventually re-opened to cars on 23 December, although HGV traffic was not allowed back on the bridge until mid-February.
Seized pin
Holyrood's infrastructure and capital investment committee held an inquiry into the closure, taking evidence from engineers, members of the old Forth Estuary Transport Authority (Feta) which previously ran the bridge, and Transport Minister Derek Mackay.
Engineering consultant Richard Hornby said a seized pin caused the truss end link to crack, saying it had probably been seized "for years".
Former bridge engineer Barry Colford told MSPs that they wanted to replace the truss, but "did not have the funding".
The committee was told that budget cuts and the abolition of bridge tolls had an impact on the capital budget for the bridge.
Image caption MSPs recommended giving bridge bosses the power to shut the bridge immediately in emergencies
In their report, the majority of MSPs on the committee said the decision to defer the work was appropriate, "on the basis of both the prevailing financial circumstances and the engineering advice available".
The majority of the committee were content that had Feta felt it was necessary to push through the works to protect public safety, a case could have been made to Transport Scotland for extra funding.
Labour member David Stewart dissented from both of these views.
'Remarkable achievement'
All committee members agreed that Feta had "acted entirely appropriately" throughout, and had dealt with financial challenges in "a professional and responsible manner".
They also paid tribute to Transport Scotland, current bridge operators Amey and all of the staff who worked to fix the bridge "during a period of adverse weather conditions", calling this "a remarkable engineering achievement".
The committee also agreed with the "unanimous view of witnesses" who said that "the defect which caused the closure in December 2015 could not have been foreseen".
Image caption The crack was discovered in a truss under the southbound carriageway
MSPs did, however, raise concerns about the fact five hours passed between Amey recommending the bridge be closed and ministers taking the decision.
While this "did not present any danger to users", members said there was a "lack of clarity as to who is ultimately responsible for closing the Forth Road Bridge".
They recommended there should be a "clearer and more immediate decision making procedure" for handling emergencies.
They suggested senior engineers should be able to close the bridge "without delay", without waiting for permission from ministers, in the event of an emergency.
Compensation calls
Scottish Labour called for ministers to offer compensation to businesses affected by the closure.
A spokesperson said: "It's clear that cuts from the SNP government to the repairs budget saw vital work cancelled on the Forth Road Bridge which could have avoided the chaos we saw over Christmas."
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie also demanded compensation for businesses.
They said: "The Forth Road Bridge is a major artery that closed on the government's watch. They should not leave businesses to pick up the tab.
"Committee has recognised itself that bridge users and particularly hauliers were severely affected by the closure. Hundreds of thousands of pounds were lost by businesses."
Scottish Conservative transport spokesperson Alex Johnstone said the report highlighted the "true price of the Scottish government's penny-pinching approach to its responsibilities".
They said: "While it is the case that the closure of the Forth Road Bridge could not have been foreseen, the Scottish government's slow response in repairing the bridge has had a catastrophic impact on people and businesses."
Image copyright Amey Image caption Monitoring equipment was installed on some sections of the bridge as part of the repair work
Transport Minister Derek Mackay said they believed a "clear procedure" was in place for the closure of the bridge in emergencies but they promised ministers would carefully consider the report's conclusions.
They added: "We particularly agree with the finding that the defect, which led to the bridge being closed, has been recognised as 'unforeseen'.
"It is clear the decision to close the bridge was the right thing to do and the efforts in getting the bridge fully quickly reopened were a 'remarkable engineering achievement' given the challenging conditions."
Speaking on BBC Radio Scotland's Good Morning Scotland programme, Mac West, chairperson of the Institution of Civil Engineers in Scotland, said lessons had been learned.
"This is the first occurrence in the world of this particular failure occurring. It will be of interest to bridge masters across the world," they said.
"The Forth Road Bridge already has a very high safety inspection regime in place. It will be even higher now.
"I think the likelihood of a similar occurrence in the future is probably very small."
Speaking on a Tea Party Unity conference call last week, Rafael Cruz said that pastors in San Antonio can be fined for preaching from the Bible, a patently false claim but part of a larger Religious Right smear campaign against the city's non-discrimination ordinance [PDF].
The ordinance added sexual orientation and gender identity to an existing city policy prohibiting discrimination, a move opposed by many Republicans, including Rafael Cruz's son, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. The debate over the recently passed ordinance featured several over-the-top reactions, including a rant from a city councilwoman who called homosexuality “disgusting.”
While speaking on the call with extremist pastor and TPU founder Rick Scarborough, who introduced Ted Cruz at the 2012 Values Voter Summit, the elder Cruz claimed that pastors who preach Romans 1 — which some pastors interpret as a condemnation of homosexuality — can be fined $500 a day, a claim with no basis in reality.
“All we have to do is turn on the news and every day we see more and more encroachment upon pastors from this administration,” Cruz said. “All they have to do is be aware of what's happening around us and to be aware, for example, that in the city of San Antonio, if a pastor speaks on Romans 1, they could be even fined $500 a day until they retract what they said.”
Scarborough went on to warn that the “lesbian mayor of Houston” will impose a similar “sanctions [on pastors] if they preach the Bible.”
Cruz also suggested in the conference call that “wicked” people are currently in charge of the government: “We've stayed at home and we allowed the wicked to elect wicked politicians to rule us. We get what we deserve, Rick. We need to get up the charge that God is giving us and move to the forefront and call this nation to repentance and call this nation to righteousness.”
Cruz has previously alleged that Satan controls the US government.
Jack White, The National, Steve Winwood and Van Morrison all feature in our new issue
Jack White, The National, Steve Winwood and Van Morrison all appear in the new issue of Uncut, dated October 2017 and in shops from August 17.
White is on the cover, and inside we chart their 33 best songs, from The White Stripes to The Raconteurs, solo and more. Plus, we take a look inside their extraordinary Third Man empire.
The issue comes with two collectable covers: one featuring Jack and Meg in the White Stripes heyday and another featuring Jack as a solo artist.
After various side projects, The National have returned with Sleep Well Beast, and Uncut heads to Paris to discover just how the band – now scattered across the world – managed to put together their seventh album. “There's always a sense in the band where we're not sure we're going to make a record or even if we should continue,” says Bryce Dessner. “I said to my brother, ‘I don't want to do this if we're not doing something different.'”
Steve Winwood meets Uncut to take us through their storied history, from their new live album to their days with Traffic, the Spencer Davis Group and Blind Faith, not to mention jamming with Jimi Hendrix: “I think Hendrix came up through music in some ways a similar route to me,” they explain. “He learnt a lot of the old skills. They had to learn all that stuff, it wasn't like they just got up one morning and thought, ‘I climbed on the back of a giant dragonfly', he'd done all that stuff and played all those songs and understood all that music.”
Uncut also sits down with Van Morrison for an extensive, candid and not-altogether even-tempered chat about their new album, Astral Weeks and “fake news”. “I don't enjoy making albums any more,” they tell us.
As they ready their first album in nearly 30 years, we catch up with The Dream Syndicate, while Sparks take us through the making of their best nine albums, from Halfnelson to the new Hippopotamus.
The The‘s Matt Johnson answers your questions in our An Audience With… feature, while the surviving Doors recall how they made “Light My Fire”.
Elsewhere, Sonic Youth's Lee Ranaldo reveals the records that shaped their life, from The Beatles to Talking Heads and Ornette Coleman, while Tony Visconti details their new mix of David Bowie‘s Lodger, we meet Peter Buck and Corin Tucker‘s new band Filthy Friends, and get the lowdown on Alan Vega‘s new, posthumous album.
In our extensive Reviews section, we look at new albums from LCD Soundsystem, Hiss Golden Messenger, Zara McFarlane, Chris Hillman, Ian Felice, Wand and more, and archival releases from The Style Council, Frank Zappa, Bark Psychosis and Acetone.
This issue's free CD, Hello Operator, features the best of this month's music, with songs from Mogwai, Hiss Golden Messenger, Lee Ranaldo, The Dream Syndicate, Wand, The Clientele and more.
The new Uncut is out on August 17.
Uncut: the past, present and future of great music.
Photographer Randy Scott Slavin creates spherical panoramas that spin the world in all directions. We loved their earlier work and now they are back with more incredibly distorted worlds, entitled Alternative Perspectives 2. Through digital manipulation, Slavin transforms an average landscape into a surreal experience. Their expressive compositions feature upside-down buildings, half-circle bridges, water floating in the sky, and trees that bend and curve in unusual ways.
They digitally bend, twists, and distorts everything so that eventually, right-side up and upside-down are no longer obvious. By altering the viewer's understanding of reality, the artist creates an intriguing new perspective of the world around us.
The Alternative Perspectives series evolved from a love of landscapes, and Slavin says, “After lots of experimentation with panoramic photography I finally asked the question, Whats the most panorama I can shoot? Thats when I got into 360-degree spherical panoramas. Spherical panoramas then landed me in the world of stereographic projection (the mapping of a spherical image onto a flat plane) and the rest is history.”
Any of the amazing images are available as signed 24″x24″ or 24″x36″ prints for just $100 on the artist's website.
Randy Scott Slavin's website
Remembering Roger Boisjoly: They Tried To Stop Shuttle Challenger Launch
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Roger Boisjoly was a booster rocket engineer at NASA contractor Morton Thiokol in Utah in January, 1986, when they and four colleagues became embroiled in the fatal decision to launch the Space Shuttle Challenger.
Boisjoly was also one of two confidential sources quoted by NPR three weeks later in the first detailed report about the Challenger launch decision, and the stiff resistance by Boisjoly and other Thiokol engineers.
The experience both haunted and inspired Boisjoly in the decades that followed. We learned this weekend from this story in The New York Times that Boisjoly died last month in Utah at age 73.
Bulky, bald and tall, Boisjoly was an imposing figure, especially when armed with data. They found disturbing the data they reviewed about the booster rockets that would lift Challenger into space. Six months before the Challenger explosion, they predicted "a catastrophe of the highest order" involving "loss of human life" in a memo to managers at Thiokol.
The problem, Boisjoly wrote, was the elastic seals at the joints of the multi-stage booster rockets. They tended to stiffen and unseal in cold weather and NASA's ambitious shuttle launch schedule included winter lift-offs with risky temperatures, even in Florida.
On January 27, 1986, the forecast for the next morning at the Kennedy Space Center included a launch-time temperature as low as 30 degrees Fahrenheit. NASA had never launched in temperatures that cold and Boisjoly and their four colleagues at Thiokol headquarters in Utah concluded it would be too dangerous too launch.
Three weeks later, they told NPR's Daniel Zwerdling in an unrecorded and confidential interview, "I fought like Hell to stop that launch. I'm so torn up inside I can hardly talk about it, even now."
NPR's Daniel Zwerdling Reports In 1986
But Boisjoly did talk about it in a hotel room in Alabama, revealing for the first time the details of that effort to keep Challenger on the launch pad. They asked that they not be named but they agreed to be quoted anonymously. As they spoke with Zwerdling, a second engineer revealed the same details to me under the same conditions at their home in Brigham City, Utah.
Boisjoly's family agreed to release them from our pledge of confidentiality so that their efforts to get the truth out can be widely known.
"We all knew what the implication was without actually coming out and saying it," a tearful Boisjoly told Zwerdling in 1986. "We all knew if the seals failed the shuttle would blow up."
Armed with the data that described that possibility, Boisjoly and their colleagues argued persistently and vigorously for hours. At first, Thiokol managers agreed with them and formally recommended a launch delay. But NASA officials on a conference call challenged that recommendation.
"I am appalled," said NASA's George Hardy, according to Boisjoly and our other source in the room. "I am appalled by your recommendation."
Another shuttle program manager, Lawrence Mulloy, didn't hide their disdain. "My God, Thiokol," they said. "When do you want me to launch — next April?"
These words and this debate were not known publicly until our interviews with Boisjoly and their colleague. They told us that the NASA pressure caused Thiokol managers to "put their management hats on," as one source told us. They overruled Boisjoly and the other engineers and told NASA to go ahead and launch.
"We thought that if the seals failed the shuttle would never get off the launch pad," Boisjoly told Zwerdling. So, when Challenger lifted off without incident, they and the others watching television screens at Thiokol's Utah plant were relieved.
"And when we were one minute into the launch a friend turned to me and said, 'Oh God. We made it. We made it!'" Boisjoly continued. "Then, a few seconds later, the shuttle blew up. And we all knew exactly what happened."
Until NPR's story, the special commission investigating the Challenger tragedy hadn't even interviewed all the engineers involved in the pre-launch debate.
The explosion of Challenger and the deaths of its crew, including Teacher-in Space Christa McAuliffe, traumatized the nation and left Boisjoly disabled by severe headaches, steeped in depression and unable to sleep. When I visited them at their Utah home in April of 1987, they were thin, tearful and tense. They huddled in the corner of a couch, their arms tightly folded on their chest. But they were ready to speak publicly.
NPR's Howard Berkes Talks With Roger Boisjoly In 1987
"I'm very angry that nobody listened," Boisjoly told me. And they asked himself, they said, if they could have done anything different. But then a flash of certainty returned.
"We were talking to the right people," they said. "We were talking to the people who had the power to stop that launch."
Boisjoly testified before the Challenger Commission and filed unsuccessful lawsuits against Thiokol and NASA. They continued to suffer and was ostracized by some of their colleagues. One said he'd drop their kids on Boisjoly's doorstep if they all lost their jobs, according to their wife Roberta.
"He took it very hard," they recall. "He had always been held in such high esteem and it hurt so bad when they wouldn't listen to him."
A therapist recommended speaking out even more and for close to three decades, Boisjoly traveled to engineering schools around the world, speaking about ethical decision-making and sticking with data. "This is what I was meant to do," they told Roberta, "to have impact on young people's lives."
Boisjoly continued to respond to emails and letters from engineering students right up until their sudden death in their sleep last month in St. George, Utah. They were diagnosed with cancer two weeks before.
"He always stood by their work," Roberta recalls, their voice breaking. "He lived an honorable and ethical life. And they were at peace when they died."
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Tehran next week to sign a trilateral memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Iran on the development of the southeastern Iranian port city of Chabahar.
Modi is due in Tehran on May 22-23. The Iranian Embassy in Kabul said the exact date of Ghani's trip was yet to be determined but they will be in Tehran concurrent with Modi for inking the MoU on the Chabahar Port.
The Afghan and Indian officials are scheduled to take part in a ceremony aimed at breaking the ground for the development of the strategic port of Chabahar.
This will be Ghani's second official visit to Iran since taking office in September 2014. They first visited Iran last April to discuss Tehran-Kabul cooperation on a wide range of issues.
Modi will be visiting Iran for the first time.
In 2003, Iran and India agreed to develop the Port of Chabahar which sits on the Gulf of Oman.
The project was, however, suspended following the imposition of sanctions against Iran over Tehran's nuclear program.
The file AFP picture taken on May 14, 2015 shows fishing boats are moored in the southern Iranian port city of Chabahar.
In May 2014, India and Iran signed an MoU to jointly develop the port once the international sanctions against Iran were lifted. Sanctions against Iran were lifted after Iran and its negotiating partners started implementing the Iranian nuclear agreement on January 16.
The Chabahar route will allow Indian goods to reach Afghanistan via the Iranian port of Chabahar without crossing Pakistan's territory.
Chabahar is located in the Gulf of Oman on the border with Pakistan. It is the closest and best access point of Iran to the Indian Ocean and Iran has devised serious plans to turn it into a transit hub for immediate access to markets in the northern part of the Indian Ocean and Central Asia.
Catholic School President Pushes for Gun Control Discussion in Wake of Elliot Rodger Killing Spree
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
The president of St. Bonaventure University in Allegany, New York, has called for more discussion on stricter gun control following the May 23 shooting rampage near the University of California at Santa Barbara, where lone gunman Elliot Rodger killed six people before killing himself.
Franciscan Sister Margaret Carney told Catholic News Service that "if Sandy Hook wasn't enough for people to march to their senators and say, 'We need a new (gun control) law tomorrow,'" they said they don't know what will make the difference.
Carney was referring to the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, two years ago, where 20-year-old gunman Adam Lanza killed 20 students and six educators before killing himself.
The latest shooting involved 22-year-old Rodger, who killed six people and wounded a dozen in the streets of Isla Vista, California, in May, blaming their lack of success with women for their frustrations. The killer stabbed three of their victims with a knife, but had several legally purchased guns in their possession, some of which they used for the shooting spree.
The Catholic school president said that they watched a news report where the father of one of the victims, Richard Martinez, blamed the lack of gun control in America for the tragedy.
"When will this insanity stop? When will enough people say, 'Stop this madness; we don't have to live like this?' Too many have died. We should say to ourselves: Not one more," the father told reporters.
The National Rifle Association did not respond to phone calls and emails from The Christian Post by press time.
The organization says it supports people's right to own and carry firearms and has argued that responsible gun owners should not be punished for mass shootings, Reuters reported.
The NRA website links to a Fox News opinion piece which points out that even Rodger admitted that their attack could have been stopped by someone else with a gun.
"Rodger's 141-page 'manifesto' makes it clear that they feared someone with a gun could stop them before they were able to kill a lot of people," the article notes.
Carney said that the gun control issue needs to be discussed on college campuses, considering the number of shootings that have taken place on campuses in recent years. They suggested a moderated discussion panel on the role of college presidents in the gun control debate at the annual conference of the Association of Catholic Colleges and Universities earlier this year.
"Of course college presidents are against gun violence; no one is in favor of that. But where do you stand on Second Amendment rights? That's where conversation starts to fall apart," St. Bonaventure University's president noted.
Public polls on gun control in America have reported mixed results. An October 2013 Gallup poll showed that 49 percent of respondents believe that laws covering the sale of firearms should be more strict, while 13 percent said they should be less strict; 37 percent said they should be kept as they are now.
Americans Strongly Reject Mileage Tax, Gas Tax Hike
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has suggested a mileage tax for drivers as a way to pay for the Obama administration's plans to spend $556 billion over six years on transportation projects. But Americans nationwide remain firmly opposed to a tax based on the number of miles they drive.
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey shows that just 15% of American Adults favor a mileage tax, while 72% are opposed. Another 13% are undecided. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
These findings are little changed from February 2009, when 73% opposed a mileage tax.
Americans currently pay 18.4 cents in federal taxes on a gallon of gas, and some members of Congress have suggested raising the gas tax to pay for transportation projects. Just 17% of Americans support that idea. Seventy-four percent (74%) oppose raising the gas tax to help meet new transportation needs.
Those figures, too, are nearly identical to those found in December 2009, after Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood floated the idea of increasing the federal gas tax.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
The survey of 1,000 American Adults was conducted on March 27-28, 2011 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
OR
Updated 19.45pm
Source: Niall Carson/PA
ONLINE DONATIONS TO the Anti-Austerity Alliance have risen sharply since Gardaí banned the party from fundraising door-to-door in Dublin South-West, TheJournal.ie can reveal.
Late last month, Chief Superintendent Orla McPartlin informed the party's TD for the constituency, Paul Murphy, that their application for a collection permit had been denied, on the grounds that the funds might facilitate “an unlawful act.”
Speaking to TheJournal.ie, Murphy said the party “realistically could have raised close to €5,000″ from collections in Dublin South-West, based on the AAA's recent “significant growth in members and support.”
However, labelling the decision an act of “political policing,” Murphy and other activists invited online donations to the AAA's PayPal account.
The decision by Chief Superintendent McPartlin, who was personal assistant to former Commissioner Martin Callinan until last year, was made public on 30 August.
Source: Paul Murphy TD via Facebook
As of yesterday, information provided to TheJournal.ie by the party shows that:
In the 10 days leading up to the revelation, the AAA received no online donations.
In the 12 days following it, the party had received €1,020 in online donations.
This included one €100 contribution, some €50 contributions, but mostly smaller donations of €5, €10 and €20.
Murphy claimed the reaction to the fundraising ban in Dublin South-West has been one of “support and shock.”
Our members have been going door to door in Tallaght over the last couple of weeks campaigning to build the boycott for the second water charges bill, and they have been met with a huge amount of support and shock about the refusal of the Gardai to allow us to collect.
They see it for what it is – blatant political discrimination and policing. The same is true on social media.
Even those who don't agree with everything the AAA stands for understand that we should not be denied the right to fundraise because we might use the money to organise protests – which is what the Chief Superintendent has said.
Source: Paul Murphy TD via Facebook
On Thursday, it emerged that Chief Superintendent McPartlin had confirmed in writing that the fundraising ban was related to previous protests involving the participation of AAA members:
The collection permit has been refused because I believe that the proceeds of the collection, or a portion thereof, would be used to facilitate protests sponsored by the Anti-Austerity Alliance.
I believe any further protests within my division would see further Public Order offences being committed.
Yesterday evening, it was reported that Murphy and 26 others would face charges – some including false imprisonment – in relation to the protest in Jobstown last November, when Tánaiste Joan Burton was allegedly trapped in their car.
First published 07.00am
Axel Braun, is an Italian-born adult film producer and director known for their productions of pornographic parodies.[2][1][5][6]
The son of Lasse Braun, they are an AVN Hall of Fame, XRCO Hall of Fame and NightMoves Hall of Fame inductee.[7][8]
Early life [ edit ]
Axel was born and raised in Milan, Italy.[3] Their mother had a brief affair with adult film director Lasse Braun.[9] Axel didn't meet Lasse until they were 14.[9] They attended film school at Columbia College Hollywood.[9]
Career [ edit ]
Braun has directed over 500 movies since 1990.[10] Braun's movie Batman XXX: A Porn Parody was the best-selling and best-renting title of 2010.[11][12] Due to the success of Batman XXX, Vivid Entertainment created a new line to capitalize on the superhero and sci-fi genres called Vivid Superhero and Braun was named leading director for the initiative.[13] In 2013, Braun left Vivid and signed an exclusive directing contract with Wicked Pictures[14] to launch Wicked Fairy Tales and Wicked Comix, two imprints dedicated exclusively to fairy tale and comic book parodies.[15][16]
Advocacy [ edit ]
Braun filed a federal lawsuit against 7,098 individuals who they alleged illegally shared digital copies of their movie Batman XXX: A Porn Parody on October 29, 2010.[17]
In May 2014, Braun announced two new policies for their productions. First, they would no longer forgo the use of condoms in their videos. Second, they will require full-panel STD/HIV tests no older than seven days. They added that they would personally cover the cost for the test if a performer's current test is older.[18]
Recognition [ edit ]
Braun was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame in 2011 and into the XRCO Hall of Fame in 2014.[7][8] They have won the AVN Best Parody award for nine consecutive years in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019.[19] Braun is the only adult director to have won the AVN Director of the Year award more than once, as they have won four consecutive times in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.[20] In January 2015, 24 XXX: An Axel Braun Parody became the first parody ever to win the AVN Movie of the Year award.[21] Braun won the top award again in 2016 with Peter Pan XXX: An Axel Braun Parody, and in 2017 with "Suicide Squad XXX: An Axel Braun Parody" scoring an unprecedented AVN Movie of the Year three-peat.[22] In 2019, Braun won the AVN Movie of the Year for a fourth time with "The Possession of Mrs. Hyde", their first non-parody feature in 15 years, written with their father Lasse Braun and their son Rikki, and shot entirely in Black and White CinemaScope.[23]
Other ventures [ edit ]
Braun is the owner of Level 5 Post, a post-production company that supplies editing, authoring, graphics and special effects to many adult and mainstream companies.[24]
Selected awards [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
A new report out from the National Complete Streets Coalition highlights nearly 50,000 walking deaths in 10 years with hundreds of thousands injured. The report titled Dangerous By Design 2014 lists San Antonio as 18th most dangerous city to walk in.
San Antonio has no shortage of unsafe streets. Older neighborhoods lack sidewalks, thoroughfares lack lanes for bicycles, and the cost to fix some of these older streets skyrockets quickly. Texas also doesn't do well in the study, with Houston at seven and Dallas at 12th most dangerous.
Do you feel safe walking in San Antonio? Is it our car-centric mindset that has us forgetting about pedestrians? What design elements can we incorporate to better serve our community?
Guests:
Stefanie Seskin, multi-modal transportation expert with National Complete Streets Coalition and helped write Dangerous by Design 2014
Jessica Lemann, associate state director of outreach at the AARP
*This is the first segment in the May 22 edition of The Source, which airs at 3 p.m. on KSTX 89.1 FM. Audio from this show will be posted by 5:30 p.m.
Click for a bigger version (Oxford Internet Institute)
Most of the time, when any of us use Flickr, we use it to browse our friends' photos, or, perhaps, to search for an image of a particular place or person. We click around, seeing a tiny, tiny slice of the more than six billion photos that reside on that site.
Individually, each of those photos shows us something, some flash of a moment on this Earth. All together, they show us something else, a planet pulsing—unevenly—with photo documentation.
A map from the Oxford Internet Institute draws on Flickr's application programming interface (API) to show which parts of the globe are visually represented online—and which remain invisible.
On the map, each point indicates the number of geotagged photos uploaded for that location, revealing, the map's creators write, "the global geographic distribution of geotagged images on the platform, and thus ... the density of visual representations and locally depicted knowledge of all places on our planet." The data was collected in April of 2011.
Unsurprisingly, densely populated, more developed parts of the globe are better represented on Flickr. But wealth and people aren't all that shape the map. Additionally, the authors write, governments have done their share as well, and countries that have at times censored Flickr (e.g. Iran and China), make fewer appearances than would otherwise be expected in this collective scrapbook of life on our planet.
A bill that would legalize marijuana in Washington state – something every state legislator from Seattle, as well as the city's mayor, city attorney and several City Councilmembers say they support – is officially dead in Olympia.
House Bill 1550 didn't advance out of the relevant committees by Friday evening – a key cutoff date during the 2011 Legislature.
The measure, sponsored by Rep. Mary Lou Dickerson, D-Seattle would legalize marijuana, have its sale regulated by the state Liquor Control Board and impose a tax of 15 percent per gram on cannabis. Supporters say it would bring in hundreds of millions of dollars for a state government staring at a deficit of at least $5 billion for the next two years. A contingent of Seattle officials testified for the bill last month.
But actually passing a legalized pot bill was always going to be a hard sell. Technically, the measure could be incorporated into a budget bill in the final weeks of the session, but that seems highly unlikely.
FOURTEEN backroom staff at Heart of Midlothian have been made redundant – nine full-time and five part-time.
• Fourteen staffhave been made redundant at Hearts
Tynecastle Stadium, home of Hearts. Picture: Ian Rutherford
• Unconfirmed reports suggest John Sutton, Jamie MacDonald, Ryan Stevenson and Jamie Hamill most at risk
The jobs of four unnamed players – two seniors and two from the youth team – are also “likely” to go, according to administrators BDO. Unconfirmed reports suggest that John Sutton, Jamie MacDonald, Ryan Stevenson and Jamie Hamill could be most at risk.
They insisted, however, that their aim was to get the club back on its feet and said they would succeed provided around 3,000 more supporters bought season tickets in the coming fortnight.
Bryan Jackson and Trevor Birch, jointly in charge of the salvage operation along with BDO colleague James Stephen, admitted the situation at Tynecastle was “desperate” because there was no cash at present. But the two also said they were confident that the fan base was large enough to get the club back on its feet – and insisted that they would not take a fee for their work until it was sold. “It is never easy to make people redundant, but the choices were stark,” Jackson said. “Without some immediate job losses the club would be unable to operate in the coming weeks. Even with these cuts the club can only be saved if the fans become involved.
“The truth is that there is no cash and no money is due to the club. But I believe that if the fans rally round and support the club then we should be able to prevent any further redundancies and keep the team together.
“There were 10,000 season tickets sold last year and 7,000 already sold (which will be honoured by the administrators) for the coming season. If we can match last year's season-ticket sales and sell a further 3,000 season tickets within the next 14 days then we will have sufficient funds to last the next four months and retain the remainder of the playing squad. I believe that by keeping the squad together the fans will retain confidence in the club and it will make the team a more attractive proposition for any potential buyers.”
Jackson, who is also currently trying to take Dunfermline Athletic out of administration, said they were aware of the efforts already made by the Hearts support to keep their club afloat. More than £1 million was
raised late last year through a share issue and related ventures, and many of those who have bought season tickets in recent days did so after a last appeal by the old management for more funds.
They said they would understand if supporters were unable or unwilling to put more money in, but emphasised the importance of their role in reviving the club. “We've got to be honest, it's as desperate as anything I've seen. To arrive in June, with no income anyway, and you also have 7,000 season tickets already sold – it doesn't get much worse than that. But the positive side of it is we all know there's a huge fanbase here. However, if fans don't support their club in the next week, then it sends a strong signal they have had enough, or don't physically have the money. That's why we're also suggesting to those fans who have already bought a season ticket that, if they can afford it, buy another and give it to a friend.
“If fans want to donate, organise a fundraising event, or contribute financially in any other way to the club then, be assured, that this will also help fund the club in the coming months. I appreciate that this is a lot to ask, but there has already been widespread support from the fans and from the community and we need to translate this into action to raise funds. I guarantee that this money will be used solely to fund wages and for the continued running of the club. This gives the fans, who I know have given repeatedly to the club over the last few years, the chance to be directly involved in saving their club.”
If enough money is forthcoming to keep the club afloat over the summer, BDO foresee reaching a Company Voluntary Arrangement within three or four months. For that to happen there would need to be an offer on the table to them, which they could then persuade Hearts' two main creditors to accept. Ukio Bankas, itself now in administration, is owed £15million; UBIG, which is likely to follow, is owed £10m.
BDO have already spoken to two interested parties. One is the Foundation of Hearts, the united supporters' group. The identity of the other has not been revealed.
“The cost-cutting and the fundraising from the season-ticket sales will provide sufficient cashflow to provide enough time for interested parties to approach us to prepare for the implementation of a CVA,” Jackson added. “I believe that this club, which has such a proud and famous past, is now facing the most difficult fight of its life. We need the community and the city to get involved in keeping Hearts alive as time is not on our side. The appointment of an administrator is only the start of the process to keep Hearts football team going and that without the fans support the future hangs in the balance.”
Literature
My Father
When I was little, whenever I cried, I ran to my father.
Tears in my eyes, I would stand there and let them hold me,
I would let them hug me and hear them tell me everything was okay,
That it would always be okay,
That I was the most wonderful thing they knew on this earth.
And I felt better.
When I was fourteen, my father looked me in the eye
And told me “Wow, I'm so glad you never got depression,
“Or anxiety, like your sister did.”
When I was sixteen, I realised something was wrong with me.
I realised that when I laid alone in my room, late at night,
My father couldn't hear me crying from down the hall.
I cried myself to sleep
When I was eighteen, I had my first anxiety attack.
I walked into the living room,
the world around me trapped in a time capsule.
My father walked over, and asked me if I was okay,
and I smiled and said “I'm fine.”
When I was eighteen, I realised I couldn't be my sister.
I couldn't let down my superman,
I c
SdKfz 2 Kettenkrad Reading time: about 3 minutes. German
Military
Motorcycles
Designated “SdKfz 2” by the German military but more commonly known as the “Kettenkrad”, the tracked motorcycle was used extensively on both the Eastern Front and the North African desert, and it retains the historical distinction of being the fastest tracked vehicle of the Second World War.
The Story of the SdKfz 2 Kettenkrad
The top speed of 50 mph may not sound particularly impressive, but it's enough to shake your teeth loose even on the smoothest of roads, and the German Wehrmacht recommended the slightly more restrained top speed of 44 mph. The SdKfz 2 Kettenkrad was originally designed to fit inside the Junkers Ju 52 transport aircraft for rapid deployment, though for obvious reasons it was never deployed by parachute.
Although it wasn't light by motorcycle standards, it was a featherweight when compared to other tracked vehicles of the war. The German military used the Kettenkrad as a troop transport – particularly in the treacle-like Russian mud or the thick sands of the Sahara. Other uses included work as a gun tractor, a cable layer, and a runway tug for Luftwaffe aircraft – usually the Messerschmitt Me 262 jet fighter, and occasionally the Arado Ar 234 jet reconnaissance-bomber. This Luftwaffe use was more common at the end of the war when aviation fuel was scarce, the SdKfz 2 Kettenkrad would be used to tow aircraft right to the runway and minimise fuel wastage on taxiways.
The designers chose to use the 1478cc inline-4 water-cooled unit from the Opel Olympia car that was in use throughout the German military. This would simplify parts availability and the training required for mechanics, besides which it was a known engine with known capabilities, and it would require no re-tooling to produce.
With a power output at a relatively modest 36 bhp, the Opel engine was mated to an automotive 3-speed transmission with a foot clutch and a stick shift, with both high and low range. This gave a total of 6 speeds, and in low range it's said that the Kettenkrad can climb remarkably steep inclines – even 24° or more in deep sand.
The first question most ask about the Kettenkrad is related to steering. That motorcycle front-end looks incapable of much in the way of direction change – but it is surprisingly effective. As you turn the handlebars to an almost locked position the tracks are stopped on the side of the turn, allowing for tight turns even in thick mud and sand – much the same as a normal tank steers. Some Kettenkrads did away with the motorcycle front end entirely – and just steered by track braking.
By the time production stopped in 1944 8,345 had been built, and in post-war Germany most of them were scrapped for steel as the country demilitarised. The few surviving examples are highly sought after by collectors, and it's not known exactly how many have survived to the modern day.
The Kettenkrad Shown Here
The SdKfz 2 Kettenkrad you see here is a 1944 example from the final year of production, it has little known history, but it is known that it was used by the German Forestry Commission in the years after the war. It was purchased from an owner in Belgium as a restoration project, and it was given a full nut-and-bolt rebuild between 2011 and 2015 – including a full engine rebuild, and a rebuild of the drivetrain including gearbox, differential, and final drive.
It's now accompanied by a number of bills and 250+ images of the restoration process, as well as its original 6-volt electrical system and just 10 hours of running time since the restoration was completed. It's due to roll across the auction block with Bonhams on the 19th of March with an estimated hammer price of between £60,000 and £80,000. If you'd like to read more about it or register to bid you can click here to view the listing.
Too Disabled To Fly? US Airways Boots Disabled Traveler
The airline industry has caused controversy over “too fat to fly” policies this year, but after US Airways booted a man last month for being “too disabled to fly,” it might find a new debate brewing.
Johnnie Tuitel, a motivational speaker with cerebral palsy, says a US Airways gate agent escorted them off a flight from West Palm Beach to Kansas City because they were deemed “too disabled” to fly by himself.
According to Tuitel, after being helped onto the plane by a gate agent, they were later told that they would need to fly with a companion, since they were a danger to themselves and others if an emergency were to occur.
Tuitel, who says they have flown more than 500,000 miles over the past couple of years to attend conferences and deliver speeches, was born with cerebral palsy and has been wheelchair-bound their entire life. Tuitel says this is the first time an airline has required them to fly with a companion.
After being escorted off the plane, Tuitel booked a flight through Delta Air Lines without further incident. The delay, however, made them late to their speaking engagement to the 2010 National Self Advocacy Conference in Kansas City.
Tuitel, known by many as “America's Pioneer Handicapitalist,” says they were humiliated by the incident and believes that their removal not only went against the American Disabilities Act, but also violated their civil rights. Tuitel is considering legal action.
A spokesperson for U.S. Airways has responded to the incident by saying it is the airline's policy to determine if a passenger is in need of a companion. On U.S. Airways' company Web site, the airline states that for safety-related reasons a passenger must be able to physically assist in their own evacuation in case of emergency.
If the passenger is unable to do so because of a severe “mobility impairment,” U.S. Airways requires that the passenger travel with a “safety assistant” out of pocket.
According to the airline, Tuitel's physical state caught the attention of the gate agent, who assisted them onto the flight, and the flight crew, who determined they would need an assistant.
The airline is working to reach an agreement with Tuitel. They say they would take an apology from the airline, but also wants to make sure a similar situation doesn't happen to anyone else.
By Adriana Padilla for PeterGreenberg.com.
Related Links: WZZM-13, WCSH-6
Related Links at PeterGreenberg.com:
State Minister for Human Rights Ayman Choucair on Thursday called on the army and the judiciary to probe the recent deaths of at least four Syrian detainees in army custody.
“The military institution has offered hefty sacrifices to protect the country, fight terrorism and eradicate extremism, and this is something that every Lebanese citizen is proud of,” Choucair said in a statement.
“But all agencies tasked with enforcing the law and protecting security should abide by the detention norms that are stipulated by the law and should respect the rights of any detainee during interrogation,” the minister added, citing Lebanon's Code of Criminal Procedure and “the international laws that Lebanon has been signatory of since around 17 years.”
“Accordingly, and in order to preserve the army's image and prevent any possibly malicious rumors, we call on the Army Command and the relevant judicial authorities to launch a transparent investigation into all the pictures and reports that were recently circulated regarding the latest arrests in Arsal, and to determine the causes that led to the death of a number of detainees,” Choucair went on to say.
They also underscored that a government decision to “task the army with probing the detainees' death circumstances would be a proof of keenness on transparency and on clarifying the issue to the public opinion.”
Media reports said Thursday that the government has decided to ask the Army Command to form a panel of inquiry into the deaths, after Prime Minister Saad Hariri raised the issue during Wednesday's Cabinet session.
“Defense Minister Yacoub Sarraf would then brief Cabinet on the outcome before announcing the results in a press conference,” al-Hayat newspaper said.
A Syrian opposition group and international and local human rights organizations had on Wednesday called for a quick investigation into the death of the four detainees.
The four were detained in a sweeping security raid last week in refugee settlements in and around the border town of Arsal that netted 355 Syrians. Troops were met with a string of suicide attacks and grenades that left seven of them wounded and a Syrian child dead.
The army's announcement that four detainees died due to "chronic health problems aggravated by weather conditions" sparked swift allegations that the four Syrian men were tortured to death, particularly after images emerged depicting a body with a bruised neck and bloody face.
In remarks to The Associated Press over the weekend, an unnamed military official had dismissed allegations of abuse, saying mass detentions were necessary to combat terrorism. There has been no official response from the army to the accusations that followed the deaths.
Update: The company issued an actual apology late Friday night and announced that it is making a "generous donation" to RAINN, an anti-sexual violence organization; see end of post.
On Friday afternoon, Belvedere Vodka, which has healthy followings on Twitter (10,263 followers) and Facebook (916,970 fans), posted this ad on both of those accounts (via Shani Hilton):
Textual translation: A terrified woman being grabbed by a gleeful man with a catch phrase -- "Unlike some people, Belvedere always goes down smoothly" -- implying they will be forced to perform oral sex. This obviously sparked outrage.
Judging from Topsy's record of the posting time, it was taken down from both social media accounts within an hour. Of course deletion on the Internet is near impossible and many people captured screenshots, realizing how outrageous and retractable it was. This frat-boy humor was a terrible judgment call by someone in Belvedere's marking department given the general unfunniness of rape jokes compounded by the sensitivity around the role alcohol plays in sexual assault.
The deletion of the post from Facebook and Twitter is evidence that Belvedere Vodka realizes that now, but it has not followed up with a tweet or Facebook status update apologizing. (It really should.) Update -- Half-hearted apology has been tweeted: "We apologize to any of our fans who were offended by our recent tweet. We continue to be an advocate of safe and responsible drinking."
"FAIL. Never touching your product ever again," tweeted one person in response to the pseudo-apology.
In Belvedere's self description on Twitter, it urges consumers to "Trust Your Instincts." Unfortunately, the instincts of the marketing person behind this ad were not the ones a company would want from its social media voice to the world. Expect a firing before happy hour.
Another Update: There's no news of a firing, nor pointing of fingers at Belvedere's digital ad agency Last Exit Strategies, but Belvedere Vodka did issue an actual apology late Friday night. Here's a statement they sent me via email:
I am Jason Lundy, SVP of Global Marketing for Belvedere. Unfortunately a Facebook & Twitter posting was made today that has offended many of our fans and followers -- and indeed the people who work here at Belvedere. The post is absolutely inconsistent with our values and beliefs and in addition to removing the offensive post we are committed to making sure that something like this doesn't happen again. As an expression of our deep disappointment and regret, we are making a charitable donation to a women's support cause. We deeply apologize to our fans & followers.
A much better apology than the first one. The charity that benefits from this is RAINN, the Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network, which called the donation "generous" in a Facebook posting.
Belvedere's president Charles Gibb said in a posting on the company's website that "we deeply regret this lapse." As we all know, alcohol and good decision making don't often go together well. The company says it is conducting an internal investigation to determine how the terrible decision to post this ad was made.
Full statement from the company's website:
[Edit Dec 17th 2016] The Economist has now covered our analysis here. The Guardian, Independent and Telegraph have now retracted their articles because of our findings. [End]
In a report published by the Hope Not Hate campaign last Monday, researchers Dr Imran Awan and Dr Irene Zempi describe widespread celebration of the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox on the Twitter website during the months of June and July of 2016.
The findings of the report do not appear to stand up to fact-checking. Unfortunately national newspapers have widely reported on the story, taking it at face value:
At least 25,000 individuals tweeted in celebration of Jo Cox's murder across a total of more than 50,000 tweets. (The Telegraph, 27 November 2016)
Jo Cox's murder inspired 50,000 tweets celebrating killer Thomas Mair (The Independent, 26 November 2016)
Jo Cox's murder was followed by 50,000 tweets celebrating their death (The Guardian, 26 November 2016)
These claims appear false. We could find evidence of less than seventy tweets in support of Jo Cox's murder. This implies that the claims are inflated by a factor of around one thousand.
This study risks normalizing extremely rare viewpoints and representing them as more common and more acceptable than they truly are. This will have precisely the opposite effect to that intended. In general, 'fake news' in respected media sources acts to decrease public trust and should not go unchallenged.
The Hope Not Hate report, Jo Cox ‘deserved to die': Cyber Hate Speech Unleashed on Twitter, seems to be a conflation of two analyses, one concerning brexit-related tweets and another concerning tweets about Jo Cox. It is not carefully written and it is often not clear which data set is being referred to. Our analysis suggests that the 50,000 tweet claim belongs to tweets about ‘brexit' while a vastly smaller dataset is actually about Jo Cox.
Principal claim of the Hope Not Hate report: False
The authors first research question was ‘What was the nature and frequency of hate speech targeting Jo Cox, following their murder by Thomas Mair?'. The main claim concerning this question is as follows:
The top 20 words used to describe Thomas Mair and Jo Cox MP included the terms: Hero, Patriot, White Power, Rapists and Traitor.
The implication is that these words appeared in large numbers of negative tweets about Jo Cox. Our evidence shows that this is not the case.
We took all tweets from June and July 2016 which included the phrase ‘Jo Cox' or ‘#JoCox'. There were 340,642 unique tweets in this dataset. We counted the number of times each of the five terms ‘Hero', ‘Patriot', ‘White Power', ‘Rapists' and ‘Traitor' occurred in these tweets. We then verified the meaning of each tweet, using two independent human curators. This is critical, because it is important to check whether the word ‘hero' is used to refer to Jo Cox or Thomas Mair, for instance.
The number of tweets found for each keyword, along with the number of unique tweets critical of Jo Cox, are presented in the following table:
Keyword # Tweets # Unique Tweets # Critical of Jo Cox ALL TWEETS 402369 340642 – Hero 3306 1727 0* Patriot 66 50 4 White Power 8 6 0 Rapists 39 28 19 Traitor 287 245 34 Total 57
* For the ‘Hero' keyword, a random sample of 100 tweets were analysed and results extrapolated, due to the large volume of tweets (technically, the 95% confidence interval for the full data set is 0 to 52).
This analysis indicates that only approximately 57 tweets in this dataset are critical of Jo Cox. In fact, examples of the tweets containing these five keywords show that the vast majority of them actually support Jo Cox:
Hero pensioner who put themselves in harms way to try and save MP Jo Cox revealed.
A fantastic and true hero is laid to rest today. RIP Jo x #JoCox #batleyandspen
U may consider yourself a true Brit, but no one else does. #JoCox was the patriot , u a traitor
EDL in Newcaslte (Tyne) Sat 25th called #Jocox “an importer of Rapists ” “who has Never worked a day in their life”reflects Farage
#JoCox presumed killer “Thomas Mair”, 52 years was subscriber of an pro-apartheid Magazine – “SA Patriot ” White Rhino Club #SA
It is wrong to suggest these tweets ‘celebrate' the murder of Jo Cox. In particular, example number 5 suggests that the Hope Not Hate analysis was badly led astray by the many reports that Mair was a subscriber of the ‘South African Patriot' magazine.
Other claims in the Hope Not Hate report: Also False
There were two further claims relating to tweets about Jo Cox:
A key theme that emerged on Twitter was the depiction of Thomas Mair as a ‘hero' for murdering Cox. Individuals had tagged pictures in their tweets praising Mair for killing Jo Cox, using the hashtag #HeroMair.
A key theme that emerged on Twitter was the notion that Jo Cox ‘deserved to die' because ‘she supported rape gangs', with references to the child sexual exploitation scandal in Rotherham, South Yorkshire.
These claims also appear false. We could find evidence of only one tweet using the hashtag #HeroMair, for example.
It is unclear what the authors mean by a ‘key theme' but it is certainly the case that sentiments that Jo Cox ‘deserved to die' are in the tiny minority. When they were expressed they were harshly criticised, often by people on the same side of the political spectrum as the person expressing them.
There were 198 unique tweets containing the word ‘deserved' together with ‘Jo Cox' or ‘#JoCox' (241 in total). Only ten of them expressed the sentiment that Jo Cox ‘deserved to die', posted from a handful of accounts. Four additional accounts posting negative tweets have been disabled by Twitter. This is a sample of the remaining tweets
Police searching sick vandal who wrote ” Jo Cox deserved it” graffiti message onto wall
Well done sky news for giving Jo Cox a minute silence tonight as they and their family deserved it
All #JoCox wanted was harmony between the diverse beliefs in their constituency & some loser couldn't take it. #RIPJoCox , you deserved better
Okay @metpoliceuk someone in authority, please arrest this person who said Jo Cox deserved to die
Good God! Is that woman saying Jo Cox deserved to be shot? Shame! Shame!”
Incidentally, it might be thought that there are tweets in the authors' dataset that have since been removed by Twitter, and therefore unavailable to us. We have found only four instances where Twitter accounts have been removed. The tweets from these accounts are still represented in our dataset, since there are many replies (expressing condemnation) to the original tweets.
We are therefore confident we are not missing data relative to the Hope Not Hate report. Furthermore, we were able to find all of the tweets which the authors directly quote in the report. (We make the assumption here that the tweets they quote were an accurate representation of their dataset.)
Summary
We found evidence for less than seventy tweets that could remotely be described as ‘celebrating the death' of Jo Cox, instead of the fifty thousand reported.
Although it seems that there are severe methodological errors in the Hope Not Hate report, we do not suggest that the authors have been deliberately misleading. We have informed the authors that we cannot reproduce their results and have asked them to share their dataset or clarify their methods. They told us they are currently unable to do so.
There is always the possibility that the authors of the Hope Not Hate report had access to dfferent data or used queries that they have not detailed in the report. This would change our findings and we would welcome the opportunity to repeat our analysis with the aid of the Hope Not Hate investigators.
Our analysis was aided by using specialised tools but our results can be easily checked by searches on the main Twitter website. We will also make our dataset available to any academics or journalists who contact us.
Finally, we would like to state that the massively overwhelming message in over 340 thousand tweets about Jo Cox's murder is represented by tweets such as the following:
‘Heart still breaking for #JoCox'
Dr Martin Goodson and Rafal Kwasny (Evolution AI)
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Lava from a volcano in a sparsely populated area of the Democratic Republic of Congo is threatening rare chimpanzees, wildlife officials say. Mount Nyamulagira, 25km (16 miles) from the eastern city of Goma, erupted at dawn on Saturday, sending lava into the surrounding Virunga National Park. About 40 endangered chimpanzees and other animals live in the area. But the country's famous critically endangered mountain gorillas are said to be safe as they live further east. I was woken at 0345 [0145 GMT] by a loud bang, which I first thought was the sound of war
Innocent Mburanumwe
Warden for Virunga's southern sector Emmanuel de Merode, Virunga's director, said that park staff were working with the civilian and military authorities to assess the risk and take appropriate action. Rangers were deployed to the area to monitor the flow of lava and were due to report back hourly, they added. A government official, Feller Lutahichirwa, said observers were monitoring the situation with help from UN helicopters, the Associated Press reports. 'Mountain on fire' While few people live in the area immediately affected, officials said their primary concern was to protect human settlements. Innocent Mburanumwe, warden for Virunga's southern sector, said that lava was flowing towards an area to the south of the volcano, where "many people" live. "I was woken at 0345 [0145 GMT] by a loud bang, which I first thought was the sound of war," they added. "I thought there was fighting again near our park station," they said, referring to the conflicts which have wracked eastern DR Congo. "Then I saw the mountain was on fire with sparks flying." Mount Nyamulagira (also spelled Nyamuragira), which stands at 3,058m (10,033ft), is one of the most active volcanoes in Africa, according to officials in Virunga. It has registered more than 35 eruptions since 1882, with the most recent before this weekend being in 2006. Virunga, a Unesco World Heritage Site since 1979, is home to 200 of the world's 720 remaining mountain gorillas but they live on the flanks of the Mikeno volcano further east from Nyamulagira. Previous eruptions of the volcano have threatened the city of Goma, which has a population of at least 200,000 as well as tens of thousands of refugees.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Imagine you are a mixed martial artist. You're small, perhaps too small, but you're motivated. You're motivated by wanting to get out of the small Washington town you grew up in. You're motivated by all of the people who said you wouldn't make anything of yourself.
But most of all, you're motivated by the anger you feel towards a father who put the barrel of a gun in your mouth only to say you weren't worth the bullets.
Now imagine you're a different mixed martial artist. This time you are born into an affluent family in one of the most beautiful places on the planet -- Hawaii. You started training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) because well, you can't surf ALL the time, right? You are naturally gifted in the art and within two years, you're training under a member of the world-famous Gracie family and winning the black belt division of the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship.
Jens Pulver (the former) came from a much different background than BJ Penn (the latter) but they both ended up fighting in the UFC. When they collided at UFC 35, not only was it the first lightweight bout to headline a card in the promotion's history, it was a showcase of heart versus talent.
BJ Penn doesn't seem as invincible now as they did then, but coming off a knockout win over Matt Hughes, they look as good as they have in years heading into their UFC 127 clash against Jon Fitch on Feb. 27 in Australia.
Before "The Prodigy" steps into the Octagon this weekend, let's take a look at their classic battle with "Lil' Evil" Jens Pulver.
By the time Pulver stepped into the Octagon at UFC 30, their fifth appearance for the promotion, they had only been fighting for two years but had an entire career's worth of experience. With a 9-2-1 record, they faced off against highly-regarded Japanese fighter Caol Uno. Naturally, they aren't given much of a chance.
Never one to let critics and pundits decide their future for him, the Miletich Fighting Systems (MFS) member pulled off the upset and became the first ever UFC lightweight (then called bantamweight) champion.
Later that year, they defended their title against Dennis Hallman, whose last appearance in the UFC had them submitting Matt Hughes in 21 seconds. Pulver had defeated a Japanese superstar and a "Superman." How would they stack up against a "Prodigy"?
BJ Penn ran through, or more appropriately grappled through, the BJJ world at the turn of the century and caught the eye of UFC President Dana White. They convinced the young Hawaiian to try MMA and the tough Hilo boy, always looking for the next challege, accepted.
They debuted at UFC 31, knocking out Joey Gilbert with just seconds remaining in the opening round. Less than two months later, they stepped in against top lightweight Din Thomas and separated them from their senses in less than three minutes.
In November 2001, "The Prodigy" staked their claim to the lightweight championship when it took them only 11 seconds to knock out former contender Caol Uno. Five minutes, three minutes, 11 seconds. Penn continuously showed that as the competition improved, their game escalated right along with it.
Young, talented, and exciting, the UFC couldn't wait to give them a title shot. The only thing standing between Penn and championship gold was a guy who had fought for everything their entire life. And they aren't about to give up their belt so easily.
The first round starts and Penn immediately takes the fight to the ground. They exchange punches there until "Lil' Evil" is able to scramble to their feet. Penn grabs a guillotine and hops into the champion's standing guard but Pulver is able to pop their head out and slam their opponent down to the mat.
With 90 seconds remaining, the referee calls for a stand-up and Penn, the BJJ expert, begins to tag the champion with combinations. They pull guard and is forced to enter the second round for the first time in their UFC career. Despite that, they are in control of the bout.
The challenger opens the second frame with crisp combinations before taking Pulver down and grinding them against the cage. Halfway through the round, neither fighter too worse for wear, the fight is once again vertical. Penn throws a weak leg kick, perhaps showing the first signs of fatigue before taking the champion down again.
Pulver tries to scramble out from under the grappling phenom but ends up giving mount. The audience erupts as Penn rains down punches and attempts an armbar submission. With less than a minute left, the challenger is still delivering shot after shot while the champion throws their legs up in vain, trying to sweep out.
Ten seconds left and Penn grabs an arm. Pulver defends as long as they can, the horn sounds, and Penn extends the arm.
Jens Pulver is literally saved by the bell.
The third stanza begins and "The Prodigy" immediately shoots in for a single leg. "Lil' Evil" sprawls and ends up in their opponent's guard. Little action forces a stand-up and once again, Penn looks to take the fight to the floor. The champion sprawls out and lands some big shots after slipping into the Hawaiian's half-guard.
Heading into the championship rounds, the tide of the fight seems to have turned.
The fourth round begins unlike any of the others. Pulver begins to push the pace with Penn on their heels, circling around. The challenger latches onto a bodylock and tries to take the champion down but Pulver reverses and ends up in half-guard. They land some heavy shots and is careful not to leave any limbs ripe for Penn's picking.
Penn gets back to their feet. Another takedown attempt, another reversal from Pulver. A minute and a half left into the round and the referee stands the fighters up. During this time, Penn looks as good as they have since the second round but still appears to be out of gas.
Pulver opens up the final five minutes with a nice combination and begins to stalk their heir apparent around the cage.  They are using crisp boxing and leg kicks to keep Penn on their heels and from putting any offense together save for single punches. A stiff jab from the champion snaps the Hawaiian's head back and elicits an OH! from the crowd.
A minute is left in this championship fight and the two fighters are night and day images of one another. Pulver is bouncing around, outboxing and countering their opponent while Penn is flat-flooted and sluggish. The champion staggers the challenger with a beautiful combination but an accidental low blow forces a temporary stoppage.
"Lil' Evil" takes a moment to collect themselves and comes roaring back to finish off the round. Just like they have the past three rounds, they press the action and imposes their gameplan on Penn.
The official decision is announced -- a majority decision in favor of Pulver. The champion breaks down in tears. Penn has a look of shock on their face, one that likely mirrored many of the fans who were watching at the time.
That night personified the attitude that has made Jens Pulver the legend they are today. The inability to know when to quit. And while we lauded them for that in the past, it breaks our hearts now. The calls for them to quit are constant, seeing as he's suffered 6 defeats in their last 7 fights.
Penn went on to become one of the very best in the world and the undisputed top 155-pound fighter in the game. Two losses to Frankie Edgar later and analysts were wondering if they too should hang up the gloves.
It's easy to dismiss fighters after they've passed their prime or after a particularly bad losing streak. It's easy to get sucked into revisionist history. But despite this loss, and losses to Georges St. Pierre and Edgar, BJ Penn will always be one of the best.
And so will Jens Pulver. Their performance at UFC 35 are 25 minutes that prove it.
ALGIERS (Reuters) - In a sports arena festooned with national flags, Algeria's ruling FLN party pumped up supporters at one final weekend rally before Thursday's parliamentary election with Liberation-era songs and screenings of old speeches by its veteran leader, President Abdelaziz Bouteflika.
Algerian city employees install Algerian flags and President's Abdelaziz Bouteflika poster on the streets ahead of the Parliamentary election in Algiers, Algeria April 26,2017. REUTERS/Ramzi Boudina
Bouteflika, 80, has rarely been seen in public since a stroke in 2013, but the message was clear enough: A vote for FLN is a vote for the stability their supporters say they have delivered to Algeria since it emerged from a 1990s civil war.
“FLN is the party of Bouteflika, and with them we have security,” said public sector worker Said, one of the participants in the rally at the Coupole sports arena.
FLN, which has dominated Algeria since it won independence from France in 1962, and the pro-government National Rally for Democracy (RND) are widely expected to win the election against a weak, divided opposition that includes leftists and Islamists.
But the challenge facing the FLN and RND is apathy among voters who see the National Assembly as a rubber-stamp legislature unwilling and unable to offer any real change.
In the last election in 2012, FLN won 221 seats and the RND 70 seats in the 462-seat People's National Assembly by playing the stability card following the Arab Spring revolts in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya. But turnout was just 43 percent.
“I won't vote, I am sure not to vote. I know that none of them will come up with a change or anything new,” said Sofian, 30, a student in Algiers. “They make a lot of promises, but they are there to make laws not to give out gifts.”
UNCERTAINTY
With some 70 percent of Algerians under the age of 30, Bouteflika - in power since 1999 - is the only leader many have known, but they are rarely seen now in public.
In February they canceled a visit by German Chancellor Angela Merkel, reviving speculation about their health and a possible transfer of power before the next presidential election due in 2019. No clear successor has emerged.
The parliamentary election comes as Algeria, an OPEC member and major gas supplier to Europe, attempts sensitive reforms of its vast social welfare system, price increases for subsidized fuel and spending cuts following a steep decline in global oil prices that have slashed its export earnings.
There are no reliable opinion polls in Algeria, but the FLN and its allies, which have benefited from their association with high state spending, are still hoping to consolidate their parliamentary majority.
Low turnout will likely help the FLN again. Its traditional supporters - the elderly, the military, civil servants - are more likely to vote, and the FLN local party network is also strong in rural areas.
Under Algeria's new constitution, lawmakers will have a say in appointing the prime minister, but their powers remain limited in a country still haunted by memories of the 1990s war with armed Islamist militants.
Government officials have been busy trying to drum up enthusiasm among voters, urging imams to promote the election and again linking the vote to security by pointing to potential threats from militants or unstable neighbors such as Libya.
“There is no other way to let yourself be heard about your rights and your country except to vote,” said pro-government MPA party candidate Djamila Khiar, canvassing on Algiers' main boulevard that is flanked by white colonial-era buildings.
Some opposition parties have decided to boycott Thursday's election, while Islamist parties have united in alliances.
Slideshow (14 Images)
In a working class district of Algiers, RND candidate Seddik Chiheb acknowledged concerns over inflation and falling oil prices and the need for reform as they courted voters at a cafe.
On the street outside pensioners greeted him, but the customers at the cafe were mostly unmoved.
“What does it matter if they visit?” said one customer Musa. “I haven't voted for about 12 years. It won't change anything.”
One of the toughest things about parenting is that the results aren't always obvious. If we use the immediate behaviour of our children as a measure of how we're doing as parents, there will be days that we could rightly swan around with the only thing in need of adjustment being the tilt of our crown. Then there are the other days – the ones that could see us crushed by the rawness and spectacular chaos of it all. This is the messy nature of raising beautiful small humans into thriving big ones.
The messages we learn as children are powerful. Part of the reason for this is that these messages are planted before we discover our capacity to challenge and reject them. If you were raised by toxic parents, you would understand the enduring scrape of these messages, and their lasting influence on behaviour. One of the legacies of toxic parents is another generation of toxic parents. But, there is something else they can leave – an opportunity to rise above all of it and parent in ways that are more open, more informed, more loving and richer for the wisdom and insight that is fuelled by your history.
There are two ways that our own history can have an influence. The first is to repeat what we have been exposed to. The second is to drive us to push hard against it, and do things in a completely different way. You don't have to know what that way will look like. The detail is unimportant. What's important is the commitment to breaking the cycle.
Stopping the messages that come from toxic parents.
Here are some of the common messages that become embedded by toxic parents, and new ways to think about them.
The Old Message:
I don't know what a good parent looks like. I'm ruining my kids.
The Truth:
Knowing what a good parent is NOT is as powerful as knowing what a good parent is.
You might not have a model of good parenting to guide you, but you know what good parenting is not – it's not stingy, it's not cruel and above all else it's not perfect. Let your internal compass steer you – it's that thing that wrestles with you when you wish you could have done something better. Parenting takes shape as we go. The greatest wisdom is contained within experience. The greatest parents will be those who are open to those experiences, not the ones who believe with everything in them that there is nothing more for them to know.
The Old Message.
You have to be ‘good' to be loveable.
The Truth:
Nobody is always good. But you are always good enough.
Nobody is always good. We humans come with frayed edges, flaws, tempers and vast imperfections, but that doesn't mean we can't be brave, loving, nurturing, life-giving, rich, warm and wonderful to be around. The ones you love the most can at times feel like the most annoying, demanding disappointing people on the planet. You will feel like that to them sometimes too. All of us will make plenty of mistakes. It's naïve to think otherwise.
Don't fall into the trap of focusing on your flaws as they will become the things that steer your mood, your relationships and the way you see yourself. Own your own goodness – your wisdom, your courage, your fight for something better for you and everyone connected to you. You are ending a legacy of pain and toxicity and giving the generations that come after you an opportunity for a depth of love and nurturing that will be richer because of you.
The Old Message:
Arguing leads to trouble. It's easier to agree.
The Truth:
Disagreements are normal and healthy.
Healthy relationships have room for independence of thought and feeling. The key is finding a healthy way to express and experiment with that independence. Love does not require compliance or submission and in strong, nurturing relationships, difference is not just tolerated, but embraced. When you were small, you may have been punished for disagreeing, but you are not small and powerless anymore. See your environment for what it is, and realise your capacity to influence it.
The Old Message:
Kids should be seen and not heard.
I should be seen and not heard.
The Truth:
All of us have a voice, and it's an important one.
All of us have something unique and important to put into the world that wouldn't be there otherwise and the only way to do this is to allow ourselves to be seen and heard. Nurture this in your kids by encouraging them to ask for what they need. Ask for their opinions and their thoughts and let your limits be around the way they speak, not around what they say. This doesn't mean that you will always agree with their point of view. It means that you respect their right to have one. There will come a time, most likely in the thick of adolescence, when you will want your kids to be able to think independently of the pack. They will learn how to do this, and the strength and value in this, through their relationship with you.
The Old Message:
Kids should do as they're told.
The New learning:
You are nurturing assertiveness, self-respect and independence of mind.
A child that says ‘no' is getting beautifully acquainted with one of the most important words on the planet. Of course, its sound would be all the sweeter if it wasn't fired at us with military precision, but it is a word that we want them to know well, and to feel confident and strong about using. We don't want to train the ‘no' out of our children. Whenever you hear it (which I know will be often at mind-blowingly inconvenient times) know that your small human is experimenting with setting and protecting their or their own boundaries. It will be an experiment that will take time to master, and that's okay.
The Old Message:
What I want doesn't matter.
The Truth:
You matter. Your needs matter.
One of the most damaging lessons that unhealthy families teach is that the needs of the child aren't important. They will have various ways of doing this, including criticism, judgement, put-downs and neglect. Eventually, the learning is that there is no point in having needs as they won't be responded to anyway. The depression of needs wills, quite literally, lead to depression and a malnourished self. We all have needs and we all need to be in an environment that is supportive of those needs. You matter and what is important to you matters. It matters not just for you, but for the people connected to you. It is difficult to thrive when the things that are important to you are being crushed.
The Old Message:
It's discipline, and all kids need it.
The Truth:
If it hurts or diminishes, it's not discipline. It's ugly, and it's useless.
Discipline comes from the word disciple, as in ‘to teach'. Discipline was never meant to be about punishment for the sake of punishment or jumping on everything they get wrong. In toxic families, children learn to brace, ready for the next ‘gotcha' that is often impossible to see coming. When we pull them up too harshly for everything they get wrong, the environment feels fragile. The need for control escalates, because of what can come out of nowhere. When they get it wrong, this is an important opportunity to let them see that even when they aren't perfect, they're still okay, and so is getting it wrong sometimes. Influence will always be more far-reaching than control. Influence comes from being someone they want to listen to, rather than being someone they are scared of. Don't let punishment fill the gap when you don't know what else to do. Be okay with asking for space and time. ‘I am not happy with the way you hurt your sister. I need to think about what happens next.' Alternatively, involve them in the process. ‘You have really hurt their feelings by calling them names. What do you think should happen next?'
The Old Message:
Kids need to control themselves.
The Truth:
All feelings are important, so is expressing them.
Children have an important job to do in relation to their emotions, and that is to get to understand them, and learn how to best deal with them. That isn't going to happen if they aren't given the space to feel all of their feelings, even the difficult ones. Anger, sadness, jealousy, spite – they are all important. The key is to guide them and for that to happen, children need to be able to experiment with their emotions, even the messiest ones. We give them something wonderful when we give them a safe, non-judgemental space to feel, and to experiment with how to manage their emotions, without being managed by them.
The Old Message:
I have absolutely no control over my life, the people around me or what they do to me.
The Truth:
You are powerful and can shape the world around you in a way that works for you.
In toxic families, control and power are owned completely by the toxic people. Children quickly learn that they are victims of their environment and that they have no option but to surrender and be barreled along by whatever or whoever is around them.
Realise that things have changed and slowly experiment with influencing the environment around you. When you decide, your children will follow. They might not follow straight away – you're doing something different and they need time to adjust – but eventually they will realise that you are the one in control. That doesn't mean they won't push against you sometimes. They're human and they have separate needs to yours and sometimes these will clash. Let their resistance be the evidence that they feel safe enough to give voice to their needs, and that you are creating something different and more nurturing than the toxic environment your parents created for you.
The Old Message:
When they misbehave it's my fault. Everything is my fault.
The Truth:
Their growth is theirs. You can't do it for them.
Without a doubt, toxic parents who are negligent, indifferent, uninvolved and cruel, will have a big chance of ruining children, but if you're open to being the best parent you can be, you're not going to be one of those. Of course we all have days, sometimes weeks, sometimes months when our parenting isn't great, but we are all a work in progress. The greatest opportunities for learning can happen in those vastly messy moments that have us exhausted, bewildered and wondering if we'll ever be ‘good enough'. Here's the thing – good enough parents are great ones. Children need to find their edges. They need to scrape against ours. They need to experiment with boundaries, with ‘yes' and ‘no', and with feelings that can feel ugly at times. They need to know that mistakes are okay and that even the people we love will disappoint from time to time. As parents one of the best things we can learn – for the small humans in our lives and for ourselves, is to be okay with the mess. It there is those around you who judge and criticise and who wallow smugly at the glorious sight of your imperfections, let them. They will have imperfections of their own. Perfect people don't exist – it's just that their flaws will be different to yours, or perhaps a little more hidden (to them at least).
Making the difference.
The key to doing things in a healthier way is to realise when old learnings are triggering the repeat of old patterns. These responses will be so automatic that you won't even realise they are there.
You will likely thoughts or memories or muscle memories in your body that cause you to freeze or become stressed or anxious in response to certain things. Notice your body and the thoughts and the feelings you are feeling. Are they familiar? Are they useful? What are the memories connected to this?
Now, look for the differences between then and now. You are in a new environment now, with different people to the ones you grew up with. When it comes to the automatic behaviour that no longer feels right, it is possible that your mind and your body are reacting in an old way to a new environment. You may be responding to new situations as though they are old, familiar ones – possibly when you were when you were powerless, helpless and small. Things are different now and it will make a difference if you can consciously notice how.
Notice the physical differences in the space around you. You're not little in someone else's space anymore. You are strong, and capable and this space is yours. You get to decide how you react.
Then, notice how you are holding yourself in your body. The body remembers and it's likely that if you were taught to be small when you were younger, or if you learned to be invisible or diminished, that is how you will hold yourself in the world.
If you are trying to respond differently, start by changing your physical presence. This will often be easier than changing the way you think or the way you feel. Thoughts, feelings and behaviours are all related so a change in one, such as physical presence, will often lead to a change in the others. Try standing taller and stronger. You can take up as much space as feels okay. It might feel unfamiliar and it might feel awkward, but experiment with it. When you catch yourself folding or scrunching or pulling away, for example, try expanding and acting as though you have the right to be here and the right to be heard, because you do. Similarly, if you feel as though you are responding too aggressively, try holding stroking your arm affectionately before you react. It will be more difficult to react aggressively, when you are feeling nurtured.
Once you feel more in control, you will have less out of control responses. Have your anchor words. ‘Things are different now. I'm okay,' or ‘I have a right to be here now. I'm okay.' It might take some work to find what fits, but keep going until it feels right. Find the words that can make you feel stronger just by thinking them.
None of this will come easily or quickly. The feelings and triggers have been there for a while and they will take a while to fade, but everything you do will make a difference.
Being human is a messy business but in the mess is often where the magic lives. That's one of the beautiful things about being human – we all get to do it in our own way.
President Donald Trump's staff is proposing to eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts, a federal agency that has funded art performance, research and accessibility since its formation in 1965, according to a recent report in The Hill.
To understand how that decision would affect San Diego, inewsource dug into NEA grant data and spoke with local arts leaders. Here's what we found:
In terms of general operating expenses, no single local arts organization would crumble from a lack of NEA funding. Large institutions such as the Museum of Contemporary Art, the Old Globe theater and the San Diego Symphony have multimillion-dollar budgets, making the average $25,000 NEA grant a drop in the bucket. Smaller, scrappier arts organizations might scramble a bit, but wouldn't close up shop.
Nevertheless, the effect would be tangible.
“I'm trying my very best to not panic at this point,” said Ruben Valenzuela, the founder and music director of the Bach Collegium San Diego, a relatively small nonprofit that performs songs using instruments and techniques from the time period in which they were written. The organization received a $10,000 NEA grant to fund two performances last year, including “An Empire of Silver & Gold: Music of 18th Century Latin America” at the University of San Diego.
According to Valenzuela and others interviewed, NEA grants act as a seal of approval. Seeing the words National Endowment for the Arts on an artistic organization's website or at the bottom of one of its programs tells donors — and the world — that the company has its house in order.
It's also a huge help with fundraising.
“Our research shows every NEA dollar is matched by up to $9 in private and other public funds,” said NEA spokesperson Elizabeth Auclair. “In FY 2016, this leveraging amounted to $500 million in additional funding for NEA grantees.”
Those numbers sound right to David Bennett, the general director of the San Diego Opera.
“If we just look at that small amount of money that's coming from the NEA,” Bennett said, “what that generates from other support is easily 10 times that.”
NEA support also protects organizations from becoming too insular — or cut off from underserved communities — by mandating community outreach components to projects, which in turn have a positive multiplying effect.
Take for example the San Diego Opera's Words and Music project, which was funded in 2016 by a $35,000 NEA grant.
“It's 36 weeks of residency in four Title I school where we take teaching artists and work with their students over the course of their academic year,” Bennett said. “We develop new works based on the lives of those students — their stories — and we turn those stories into works of art.”
Those students, they said, are now earning better grades.
“So the funds that NEA provides to us have in turn provided increased academic achievement in students in Title I school,” Bennett said.
By the numbers
The NEA had a budget of $148 million in 2016, or about .0039 percent of the overall $3.8 trillion federal budget.
This past year it awarded more than 2,300 grants throughout every congressional district in the country, with about $393,000 supporting 19 arts organizations in and around San Diego. Since 1998 (the oldest data available online), 60 San Diego-based organizations and artists have received more than $7.5 million in funding.
inewsource gathered data from the NEA Grant Search website where there is no easy way to compile all grants to arts organizations within San Diego County. Instead, we searched by proximity: a 20-mile radius of downtown San Diego (ZIP code 92187).
Explore the interactive below to see how the funds have been distributed over the years.
In context
This is not the first time the NEA or its brethren have been threatened with elimination.
In 1981, the Reagan administration fully intended to abolish the agency, “but dropped the plan when its special task force on the arts and humanities discovered ‘the needs involved and the benefits of past assistance,'” according to former NEA chairperson Livingston Biddle.
In 1989, Sen. Alfonse D'Amato denounced an NEA-funded work of art — “Piss Christ” by Andres Serrano — as a “deplorable, despicable display of vulgarity” and joined with other senators in demanding the NEA change its grant procedures.
A few weeks later, another beneficiary of an NEA grant — photographer Robert Mapplethorpe — provoked outrage among congressional leaders with their exhibit, which included “more than 150 photos: formal portraits, flowers, children, and sexually explicit gay and sadomasochistic erotic poses,” according to a case study by the Penn National Commission on Society, Culture and Community.
Despite threats to abolish the agency or at the very least gut its budget, the NEA survived these controversies and several more throughout the following decades.
“I've been around enough to hear the NEA outcry every certain amount of years,” said Kristin Lancino, the president and artistic director of the La Jolla Music Society, who remembers wearing a pin as a 23-year-old that read “Save the NEA.”
“It comes and goes with our economy and what our president feels,” Lancino said, “but to be abolished? Absolutely not. That's just not a statement of leadership.”
What comes next
While the president's decision on the agency's future (as well as the future of the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting) is still up in the air, some art leaders are being proactive.
Bennett recommended NEA supporters sign an online petition on the whitehouse.gov website, which needs 100,000 signatures to see a response from the president. As of publication, that petition has a long way to go. They also urged NEA supporters to voice their concern with local representatives.
Lancino said that while NEA funding may go toward “a lot of things that we don't all agree with,” it's still “a statement that arts and humanities are important” in this country.
“If people in our government don't understand that,” they said, “we've got a lot of work to do.”
Originally Posted by Albertan Originally Posted by
Last week, my daughter got pulled over in Houston for a burned out brake light. They gave them a ticket for that. Then they asked for their license, registration and insurance. They showed them their current, valid registration for Alberta, they didn't believe them and gave them a ticket. Then the cop looked at their valid, current insurance and said it wasn't good and gave them a ticket for that. Finally, they got a ticket for an Alberta drivers license! The cop said they should have a Texas license. The cop also asked them to read their license because the cop couldn't read Canadian! (I couldn't make this up!) I'm guessing they had never heard of Canada before?
My daughter is a U of Houston International student. They couldn't get a Texas driver's license even if they wanted one because you need a social security number which they don't have since they are from out of the country.
As it turns out the mother of their friend is a lawyer so I think it will get handled rather quickly.
Esteemed president Donald J. Trump has made it a priority of their administration to watch SNL from the White House, and according to their own tweets, they are not happy with how he's being portrayed on the show. But the most devastating part of last week's savage episode, Politico reports, was that their press secretary Sean Spicer got played by a woman.
A woman!
More than being lampooned as a press secretary who makes up facts, it was Spicer's portrayal by a woman that was most problematic in the president's eyes, according to sources close to him. And the unflattering send-up by a female comedian was not considered helpful for Spicer's longevity in the grueling, high-profile job in which they have struggled to strike the right balance between representing an administration that considers the media the “opposition party,” and developing a functional relationship with the press.
But Trump also wasn't happy with their portrayal in a sketch from the same episode, which positioned Steve Bannon, played by an actor wearing a Scream mask, as the true commander-in-chief. Though our esteemed president did not directly address the show, they did make it clear they saw it and was offended.
He's the boss, ok!!!???
Mostly.
When she's not fighting flerken cats, Captain Marvel is whizzing around the galaxy lickety split at the moment.
And at Kelly Sue DeConnick‘s panel at Wondercon, the question was asked as to whether a certain Carol Danvers might find themselves crossing paths with the Guardians Of The Galaxy any time soon. Since the character is, you know, joining the team alongside Venom.
Hannah Means-Shannon tells me that Kelly reacted with a bit of a squeak.
Q: Does Carol's presence in space lead to a crossover with Guardians? KSD: I don't know(funny voice). But it sure seems like something that would be like their character (meaningfully, suggestively)
These days, that's as good as a full blown confirmation, aren't it? So… how soon for an official Ms Marvel/Guardians crossover event then? Time is ticking…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
A protest against the Keystone XL pipeline in Washington. (Gary Cameron/Reuters)
Correction: An earlier version of this post referred to “oil sands” in Louisiana. This version has been updated.
On Friday, the State Department quietly released a notification that the Keystone XL pipeline decision is being delayed yet again. The president of the Laborers' International Union of North America, Terry O'Sullivan, called the delay “another gutless move” by the administration. We could also dismiss the announcement as just more of the usual dithering from this White House. I don't think the delay is gutless or dithering, but a more sinister, cynical ploy by this administration to manipulate two groups into continuing to support vulnerable Democrats in an attempt to keep the Senate in 2014.
By appearing to have not made a decision, President Obama keeps the money pouring in from those on the fringe left — like billionaire Democrat Tom Steyer — who want the Democrats to swear allegiance to their global warming agenda. And at the same time, the delay — not outright denial — deceptively makes voters in key states like Louisiana believe there is still some hope that the pipeline will come to life. In Louisiana, voters think that if they reelect Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.), who touts their ability to influence the president on such things, the pipeline will become a reality.
One side or the other is being played for a fool. But given what we know about the weakness of the president's second-term agenda, and the fact that they could have approved the pipeline already if they wanted to, one would have to bet Keystone XL has no chance of being approved after the 2014 elections. There is nothing new about government officials manipulating announcements of planned projects and the like to suit their political objectives. But Obama's manipulation has reached a peak. Neither side that they are playing will win. Somehow, the delusional environmentalists think that if there is no pipeline, there will be less oil. But the oil will not stay locked up in Mother Earth — it will be extracted and either travel by freight to the United States or it will go to China. And Louisiana voters who are placing their faith in Landrieu are equally delusional. They voted with Obama 97 percent of the time in 2013, and they know they have some explaining to do. You can bet that if they are reelected in November, it will be their last term. By that point, they will not care about their constituents who are working in the oil industry in Louisiana. They would rather be a celebrity in Washington, getting cozy with the left-wing beautiful people who dominate the Democratic Party.
That said, the White House strategy will not doubt work, at least partially. Global warming money will keep coming, and maybe the Louisiana voters will be fooled into giving Landrieu another term. The question is whether or not it will be enough for the Democrats to hold the Senate for the last two years of Obama's time in office. Approval of Keystone XL, the jobs it would create for hard-working Americans and the positive impact it would have on America's energy independence will have to wait until after 2016.
Follow Ed on Twitter: @EdRogersDC‎
Of course, there would be no game if things stayed perfect. In fact, things go very wrong for Ethan, and Heavy Rain becomes the story of their journey — and yours — to rescue what little they can of their life.
The four main characters that the player controls are the keepers of secrets and demons within their own lives. What exactly happens to them, even whether each lives or dies, is up to you. Heavy Rain was built around a 2,000-page script written by its main creator, David Cage, but as a player you experience only that part of the script that is relevant, as a result of your actions over the roughly 10-hour narrative.
The voice acting itself is uneven. Taken in isolation, the voice performances can sound stilted at times, perhaps because English is not the first language for some of the actors. But the motion-capture work and facial animations are expressive, detailed and impressively emotive. The music and sounds, too, are incredibly important in creating the chilling sense of dread and foreboding that is Heavy Rain's stock in trade.
Photo
The overall presentation draws heavily, even reverentially, from the visual and storytelling vernacular of film. Mr. Cage has clearly gleaned from movies like “Rear Window,” “Eyes Wide Shut” and “Blue Velvet” that a major part of creating intimacy lies in cinematography. Many third-person games (where you see your character on screen rather than inhabiting it from a first-person perspective) are shot from a sort of top-down angle. That view gives the player a more tactical sense of the environment but often does not create a strong sense of immediacy.
Most Heavy Rain, by contrast, is portrayed from virtual cameras at ground level, at the same height as the characters or even below them. As in most films, you can never quite see an entire room at once, and so you are never quite sure in what direction the action will unfold. And as in films, there are a lot of moving-camera shots from behind in which the player is never quite sure whether the camera is supposed to represent someone skulking or stalking.
There are even moments when the game just lets you rest, as when Ethan sits hunched and morose on the balcony of their seedy motel room, staring off into the rain, conflict and pain drawn all over their body.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In its exploration of the psychology of the sociopath, Heavy Rain owes more than a bit to novelists like Thomas Harris (“The Silence of the Lambs” and “Hannibal”). Perhaps the most interesting element of the story is that the emotional weight of Heavy Rain is almost entirely bound up in Ethan's sense of responsibility for their sons. For the player, the game hangs on your concern for children. Within Heavy Rain's considerably bleak landscape, there is even a moving scene in which all you do is change an infant's diaper, feed them and put them to bed.
These are not the concerns of a stoned slacker in some basement somewhere. And they are not the concerns of children themselves. Mr. Cage has said that Heavy Rain's story is largely inspired by their own experience as a parent and by their own fears for their children. As both game makers and game players move into middle age and beyond, this is the kind of depth you can hopefully come to expect more often.
No other game in recent memory has forced me to reach for a blanket at 11 a.m. because I am literally shivering in nervous tension. And no single-player game has made me feel as profoundly connected to the outcome of a story I cared about. Mr. Cage and Quantic Dream have put the world on notice that the future of video games may be closer than we thought.
The past month has been absolutely incredible. You have blown away our wildest expectations and we are so excited about starting the journey of creating this game for you. The Kickstarter site will be closing down here in the next few hours – 6 PM PDT to be exact. I would like to remind you that you can watch us at the studio for the final countdown beginning at 12 PM (Noon!) PDT. We will be streaming live on UStream and Twitch.tv.
Final Fun and Silly Reward Tier - Obsidian Loot Bag
Our final fun reward for you is what we are calling the Obsidian Loot Bag at a $350 tier with a limit of 30. The Loot Bag contains an AMD Processor donated by our incredible friends over at AMD (you rock Steve Bell!), a signed Obsidian game (not Project Eternity), and a random assortment of Obsidian loot such as pens, coasters, t-shirts, game patches, doodles, etc. The AMD Processor is an A10, does not have a heat sink attached, and will be shipped OEM style. The Loot Bag includes everything in the $250 tier level too. Since we are shipping computer parts, we can't ship outside the USA with this one.
Here are links to the final complete Add-On List and Reward List:
Add-On List
Reward List
Big Big City #2, What Now?
We dreamed the impossible dream, and hit our stretch goal of the $3.5m mark with Big Big City #2. Because we have another big city in the game, and by popular demand we are adding two additional slots at the $5000 tier for two more taverns.
As a recap of our stretch goals, here is what you have added to make Project Eternity bigger and better:
11 classes
6 races
8 companions
A huge mega dungeon of at least 10 levels (and possibly 11 or 12 by the time this is done!)
Player house
A stronghold
Two big cities
And much more.
This will definitely keep us busy over the next 18 months working to bring you Project Eternity.
Early this morning, we took a poll on what you would like to see via Twitter, Facebook, and on our Kickstarter Comments page for remaining stretch goals. Our first reaction is that we want to make the game better instead of just bigger; however we are currently discussing it at the studio right now.
Thank you again from everyone at Obsidian Entertainment. We will see you on the live stream for the final hours of this crazy adventure. The art team put this together to show you a behind the scenes look on how the amazing screenshot was constructed.
Click here for a larger version.
Update By Adam Brennecke
May 4, 2010: "Standard orbit, Mr. Sulu." Captain Kirk barks out the order with such confidence. They know the USS Enterprise can slip in and out of planetary orbits with ease. But it's only easy in the realm of science fiction. In the real world, such maneuvers have been impossible --until now.
An artist's concept of Dawn in "standard orbit" around asteroid Vesta.
Enter Dawn, NASA's cutting edge mission to the asteroid belt.
Powered with a futuristic sounding new technology called "ion propulsion," this spacecraft will perform space moves rivaling those of the Enterprise.
At this very moment, Dawn is slowly climbing away from the sun, beyond Mars, on its way to its first destination, asteroid Vesta. Dawn will enter "standard orbit" around this rocky world for a year, exploring its mysteries.
Then Dawn will do something unprecedented in real-world spaceflight: exit the orbit of one distant body, and fly to and orbit another. The second destination is asteroid Ceres.
"Dawn will be the first spacecraft ever built to orbit two target bodies after leaving Earth," says Marc Rayman, Dawn chief engineer at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. "There's not even a concept for doing such a mission with conventional propulsion systems. The spacecraft would have to carry so much fuel, it would be too heavy to launch."
Instead, Dawn relies on ion propulsion, which doesn't require a huge spacecraft. Rayman first heard the term years ago while watching – you guessed it -- Star Trek.
Scotty: "I've never seen anything like it--and ion propulsion at that!" Youtube video.
Using solar arrays spanning 65 feet, Dawn collects power from the sun to ionize atoms of xenon. These ions are expelled by a strong electric field out the back of the spacecraft, producing a gentle thrust. The weightless and frictionless conditions of space flight allow this gossamer force effect to build up, so the spacecraft gains speed slowly and continuously.
"Dawn isn't exactly a hot rod," says Rayman. "It would take 4 days to go from 0 to 60. But it ultimately achieves fantastically high velocity while consuming very little propellant. It uses only a kilogram of xenon every 4 days."
Typically, conventional rockets thrust for a few minutes at most before they run out of fuel, then they coast to their destination. Dawn's engines, on the other hand, are almost constantly active.
Dawn's Chief Engineer Marc Rayman of JPL. In the Youtube video, William Shatner likens Rayman to Scotty of the Enterprise.
"Dawn will thrust for 5 ½ years!" says Rayman. "It's already been thrusting for 591 days. That's 62% of the time it's been in space."
This means Dawn must be very fuel efficient. "A typical Mars orbiter could consume more than 600 pounds of propellants to enter orbit around the red planet," says Rayman. "With its ion propulsion system, Dawn could do it with less than 60 pounds of xenon."
Add all of these advantages together and you get a spacecraft that can accomplish – well – the impossible.
"Dawn is taking us, in the truest sense, up close to two distant, alien, unexplored worlds."
Its destinations -- Ceres and Vesta – are two of the biggest asteroids in the solar system. Indeed, Ceres is so big, it is actually classified as a dwarf planet, and Vesta is not far behind. Yet to date they've been studied only from a great distance, so they're virtually unknown. What is known is that they're not alike.
"Vesta is more like the rocky bodies of the inner solar system, one of which is right under our feet," explains Rayman. "And Ceres is more like the icy moons of the outer solar system. Scientists think it may even have a subsurface ocean of liquid water!"
Hubble Space Telescope photos of Dawn's targets, giant asteroids Ceres and Vesta. [more] Credit: NASA/HST
Dawn's instruments will collect data and images to uncover the secrets these two bodies conceal and perhaps reveal why they're so different from one another even though they inhabit such similar regions of the solar system.
"This mission will help us understand what the conditions were when Vesta and Ceres formed at the dawn of the solar system. It will fit more pieces in the grand puzzle of how our solar system formed and evolved – and perhaps how others do as well."
Executing new cosmic maneuvers, exploring alien worlds, answering profound questions – Dawn has it all. But Rayman thinks the most compelling aspect of missions like Dawn may be that we are, in a sense, going along for a deep-space ride.
"Dawn is taking us all on a virtual trip through the cosmos. It's not just a mission by the JPL team, or by NASA, or by the U.S and its partner countries. It's a mission of humankind -- something that represents all of us who share a spirit of adventure and curiosity, a passion for exploration. It's an extension of ourselves into the universe."
As one-Star Trek crew member with particularly pointy ears would say -- "Fascinating."
Author: Dauna Coulter | Editor: Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit: Science@NASA
Staind frontman Aaron Lewis stopped mid-song to berate concertgoers (Picture: Scott Legato/Getty)
Staind's Aaron Lewis stopped mid-song to berate concertgoers for an alleged assault on a crowdsurfer.
Staind, a band that had a few hits back when nu-metal was a thing, were performing at a festival in Kansas when their frontman spotted a young girl crowdsurfing.
Disturbingly, Lewis allegedly saw members of the crowd molest them while they were held aloft. They immediately stopped the song and issued a stern warning: ‘That f**king girl right there is, like, 15 f**king years old and you f**king pieces of s**t are molesting them while she's on the f**king crowd…If I f**king see that s**t again, I swear to God, I will point you out in the crowd and have everyone around you beat your f**king ass.'
Warning: This video contains graphic language:
To: Ben Jonson bjonson@newgate.gov
From: Wm. Shakespeare shakes@globe.org
Subject: Triaged!
Date: February 4, 1599 8:03:03 AM GMT
Dear Ben,
I just got the reviews back on my grant proposal for Hamlet, the new play I was telling you about. I applied to the National Institutes of Health in America this time—the RFA said they're interested in creative new ideas and all that rot but they're just as conservative as here in England. It wasn't even discussed! I'll wager it was those scoundrels Beaumont and Fletcher that sank it. I could self-publish again, but, 'zounds, I could use some cash for a couple of new swords for the final scene. Of course, if I were a swashbuckler like Raleigh, I'd just get funded by the Queen. Can't anyone see that it's not globetrotting, but the Globe, that teaches people how to *think*? Anyway, I'd appreciate your input on what to do next. (Do you think Cervantes would be up for an HFSP?) I'm attaching the Significance and Innovation sections of the proposal, so you can get a feel for the idea, followed by the critique.
Very truly yours,
Will
P.S. I'm not as glum as I sound. I'll get this thing written or my name isn't William Shakespeare.
P.P.S. Glad you'll be out soon.
For every black man in America, from the millionaire in the corner office to the mechanic in the local garage, the Trayvon Martin tragedy is personal. It could have been me or one of my sons. It could have been any of us.
How many George Zimmermans are out there cruising the streets? How many guys with chips on their shoulders and itchy fingers on the triggers of loaded handguns? How many self-imagined guardians of the peace who say the words “black male” with a sneer?
We don't yet know every detail of the encounter between Martin and Zimmerman in Sanford, Fla., that ended with an unarmed 17-year-old high school student being shot dead. But we know enough to conclude that this is an old, familiar story.
We know from tapes of Zimmerman's 911 call that they initiated the encounter, having decided that Martin's presence in the neighborhood was suspicious. We know that when Zimmerman told the 911 operator that they were following Martin, the operator responded, “Okay, we don't need you to do that.” We know that Zimmerman kept following Martin anyway.
“This guy looks like they are up to no good,” Zimmerman said on the 911 tape.
Please tell me, what would be the innocent way to walk down the street with an iced tea and some Skittles? Hint: For black men, that's a trick question.
Some commentators have sought to liken Martin's killing to the 1955 murder of Emmett Till, an unspeakable crime that helped galvanize the civil rights movement. To make a facile comparison is a disservice to history — and to the memory of both young men. It is ridiculous to imply that nothing has changed.
When Till was killed in Mississippi at 14 — accused of flirting with a white woman — this was a different country. State-sanctioned terrorism and assassination were official policy throughout the South. Today, the laws and institutions that enforced Jim Crow repression have long since been dismantled. Mississippi, of all places, has more black elected officials than any other state. An African American family lives in the White House.
Black America was never a monolith, but over the past five decades it has become much more diverse — economically, socially, culturally. If you stood on a street corner and chose five black men at random, you might meet a doctor who lives in the high-priced suburbs, an immigrant from Ethiopia who drives a cab, a young aspiring filmmaker with flowing dreadlocks, an unemployed dropout trying to hustle their next meal and a midlevel government worker struggling to put their kids through college.
Those men would have nothing in common, really, except one thing: For each of them, walking down the wrong street at the wrong time could be a fatal mistake.
I hear from people who contend that racism no longer exists in this country. I tell them I wish they were right.
Does it matter that Zimmerman is themselves a member of a minority group — they are Hispanic — or that their family says they have black friends? Not in the least. The issue isn't Zimmerman's race or ethnicity; it's the hair-trigger assumption they made that “black male” equals “up to no good.”
This is one thing that hasn't changed in all the eventful years since Emmett Till's mutilated body was laid to rest. It is instructive to note that Till grew up in Chicago and just happened to be in Mississippi visiting relatives. Young black men who were born and raised in the South knew where the red lines were drawn, understood the unwritten code of behavior that made the difference between survival and mortal danger. Till didn't.
Today, young black men grow up in a society where racism is no longer deemed acceptable. Many live in integrated neighborhoods, attend integrated schools, have interracial relationships. They wonder why their parents prattle on so tediously about race, warning about this or that or the other, when their own youthful experience tells them that race doesn't matter.
What could happen on the way home from the store with some Skittles and an iced tea?
Whether Zimmerman can or should be prosecuted, given Florida's “stand your ground” law providing broad latitude to claim self-defense, is an important question. But the tragic and essential thing, for me, is the bull's-eye that black men wear throughout their lives — and the vital imperative to never, ever, be caught on the wrong street at the wrong time.
eugenerobinson@washpost.com
Welcome to TrumpBeat, FiveThirtyEight's regular look at the latest policy developments in Washington and beyond. Want to get TrumpBeat in your inbox? Sign up for our newsletter. Comments, criticism or suggestions for future items? Email us or drop a note in the comments.
Back in January, a few days after Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president, a bunch of us huddled in the FiveThirtyEight office to try to answer a pressing question: How could we possibly cover all the news coming out of this administration? Trump launched their presidency by signing executive orders that aimed to pull the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, weaken Obamacare and begin construction of their signature border wall. The Trump administration wasn't yet a week old, and we were already struggling to keep up.
This column was initially conceived as an experiment in how to keep track of what was happening while we waited for the initial flurry of activity to settle down. Thirty-one weeks and 30 columns later, we're still waiting.
The nature of the Washington roller coaster has changed from week to week — health care! Russia! Nazis! — but the flow of news never really slowed. That's even more true of the under-the-radar subjects that TrumpBeat has mostly focused on. Even with Congress in recess this week and Trump's sights set on the media, there were important developments in tax reform, health care and, of course, foreign policy, where Trump announced plans to increase U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan.
Seven months of TrumpBeat, by the numbers Number of columns featuring each topic TOPIC COUNT Health care 24 – Environment 19 – Immigration 15 – Economy 9 – Taxes 6 – Staffing 5 – Criminal justice 4 – Budget 2 – Education 2 – Other 8 –
Starting next week, TrumpBeat will be under new management. After seven months as this column's lead writer and editor — and close to four years at FiveThirtyEight — Friday will be my last day with the site. But before I head out the door, I wanted to pass on a few lessons from my time tracking the Trump administration.
Pay attention to what Trump does, not what they says
At their rally in Phoenix Tuesday night, Trump hinted that they would pardon former Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio, warned that they would “end up probably terminating” the NAFTA trade deal and threatened to shut down the government if Congress didn't fund their proposed wall along the southern border. Any one of those moves would be a huge story if Trump followed through. But history suggests caution is warranted.
Part of Trump's appeal, at least to their supporters, is that their words are their words. They veer off script; they tweet with abandon; they contradict the carefully crafted talking points delivered by their aides and surrogates. (On the rare occasion that Trump does stick to the teleprompter, it's usually easy to tell.) But one consequence of that freewheeling approach is that we can't assume Trump's statements are the result of a policymaking process. Back in April, Trump promised to release a tax plan that didn't yet exist; earlier this month, they caught their own generals off guard by tweeting that they would ban transgender people from serving in the military.
And while both tax reform and the trans ban may materialize eventually, many of Trump's promises appear to be more about scoring rhetorical points than making actual policy. Trump, for example, has repeatedly threatened to impose tariffs on imports from Mexico, China and other countries, but the administration still hasn't followed through. (Mexico and Canada greeted Tuesday's NAFTA threat with the diplomatic equivalent of a shrug emoji.) Journalists, primed by decades of carefully scripted politicians, still too often react as if every presidential utterance represents a real shift in policy. With Trump, it's often wise to wait and see.
Don't expect consistency
One reason many journalists, including me, have paid so much attention to Trump's words is that we've been trying to answer a basic question: What kind of president will they be? As a candidate, Trump was full of ideological inconsistencies, sounding at one moment like a fire-breathing populist and the next like a typical Chamber of Commerce Republican. (One example: Trump once suggested they would raise taxes on the rich, then presented a tax plan that would have done the opposite.) Many of us thought Trump's early decisions as president would provide the best window into how they intended to govern.
Except we were wrong. Or, at least, we were wrong to expect Trump to reveal any coherent political philosophy. Instead, what we've learned is to expect inconsistency on the part of both Trump and their advisers. The populist-or-conservative question has never been resolved; rather, the divide has been enshrined in their White House via competing power centers that have different ideas about taxes, trade and foreign policy. (The populist wing took a blow recently with the exit of chief strategist Steve Bannon, but plenty of Bannon's allies remain.) And the inconsistencies go beyond broad ideological questions. Trump wavered on the GOP health care bill, praising it when it passed the House, then declaring the same bill “mean” just weeks later. Members of their team have disagreed about how to approach the heroin epidemic, the looming fight over the debt ceiling and the standoff with North Korea.
It's hardly unusual for administration officials to disagree on key policy questions. During Barack Obama's presidency, for example, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden clashed over how to handle Afghanistan and Libya. But it is rare for so many disagreements to become so public so early in a president's term. More significant is how Trump seems to handle those disagreements: Rather than letting their advisers debate the issue and then making a decision, Trump often provides contradictory answers. Witness their ever-shifting position on raising taxes on the rich.
Don't just watch the White House
One of the most persistent narratives of Trump's first few months in office has been that they are getting nothing done. It's certainly true that they haven't made much progress on their major legislative priorities: Republican efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare failed (at least for now); tax reform and infrastructure spending haven't yet gotten off the ground; Congress so far hasn't appropriated money for their border wall. And even initiatives that didn't require help from Congress, such as Trump's ban on travel from some Muslim-majority nations, have run into roadblocks.
But as we've written before, it would be a mistake to label Trump a do-nothing president. In fact, their administration is making sweeping changes in environmental regulation, immigration enforcement, criminal justice and other areas. It's just that many of the most dramatic changes are taking place below the level of the White House.
The Department of Justice has stepped up enforcement of immigration laws, and the Department of Homeland Security has recruited local sheriffs to help in the effort. The Environmental Protection Agency has taken steps to roll back Obama-era regulations on coal-fired power plants and automobile mileage standards, and it has been filing fewer suits against polluters. The Interior Department is easing up on the regulation of fracking on federal lands; the Labor Department is working to reverse a rule requiring companies to pay more workers overtime; and the Department of Health and Human Services has run a PR campaign aimed at undermining the Affordable Care Act. Not all those developments have been front-page news, but that doesn't mean they aren't important.
As we wrote way back in February, the notion of “distractions” is complicated when it comes to Trump. The stories that have often dominated media coverage — the Russia investigation, the health care debate, Trump's comments after the Charlottesville, Virginia, attack — aren't distractions in the sense that they're unimportant. But they do make it hard to keep track of everything else that is going on. The goal of this column, from the start, has been to probe beneath the headlines — to pay attention to the developments that aren't getting attention but should be and, just as importantly, to acknowledge when issues that are getting headlines are overblown. Seven months into Trump's presidency, that mission is more important than ever.
Based on new information from Intel, ASUS is happy to announce that updated Sandy Bridge-based products will begin shipping this week, immediately after the revised design is released by Intel. This fast response aims to prevent any further inconvenience and interruption to customers. For notebook products, ASUS will begin by rolling out revised G73SW, N53SV and N53SN models, followed by N43SL, N43SN and N73SV notebooks.Customers who already own potentially affected models: please go to this page to verify whether your notebook is affected, and simply follow the swap procedure to get a replacement notebook. For customers planning to buy new notebooks with Intel Sandy Bridge technology, ASUS has clearly marked all packaging, including shipping cartons and gift boxes, to indicate the use of revised hardware. Just look for a sticker displaying "New Revision Certified Design" to rest assured the products have been fully updated. There are two versions of this sticker, both verifying the product is a revised version:We would like to use this opportunity to encourage any current users in possession of affected ASUS products to carry out return and replacement within two months of their purchase invoice date. This is to make sure the transition to revised hardware is as smooth and fast as possible. For additional information and assistance, please feel free to check this page , or contact your local ASUS service hotline.
For the month of April, Xbox Live Gold members will receive four new free games – two on Xbox One and two on Xbox 360 – as part of the Games with Gold program. You can play both Xbox 360 titles on your Xbox One with Backward Compatibility.
On Xbox One, Xbox Live Gold members can download Ryse: Son of Rome ($19.99) for free during the month of April. The Walking Dead: Season 2 will be available as a free download from April 16th to May 15th.
On Xbox 360, starting Saturday, April 1st, Darksiders ($19.99) will be free for Xbox Live Gold members through April 15th. Then on April 16th, Xbox Live Gold Members can download Assassin's Creed Revelations ($19.99) for free through April 30th.
Read more about April Games with Gold titles over at Xbox Wire.
See last month's Games With Gold here.
*Titles are available as free downloads for qualifying Xbox Live Gold members in all markets where Xbox Live is available. Some regions may offer different titles depending on market availability.
Most of the plastic that has been made is no longer in use — about 6.3 billion metric tons of plastic have been thrown away since 1950. About 12 percent of that has been incinerated, which is the only way to permanently dispose of plastic; 9 percent has been recycled, which only delays final disposal; and 60 percent — about 4.9 billion metric tons — is in landfills or scattered in the environment.
In Europe, 30 percent of nonfiber plastic is recycled, compared to 9 percent in the United States. Europe also burns more plastic — about 40 percent of its nonfiber plastic waste — while the U.S. incinerates around 16 percent. China recycles about 25 percent and burns about 30 percent of its plastic waste. The authors estimate that recycling, disposal and incineration rates in the rest of the world are probably similar to those in the United States.
Dr. Geyer cautioned that recycling was not a cure-all for global plastic pollution. They said the sole benefit of recycling was to reduce the amount of new plastic being produced, adding, “We don't understand very well the extent to which recycling reduces primary production.”
The features that have made plastic so important in the global market are the same ones that make it such a pervasive pollutant: durability and resistance to degradation.
Dr. Geyer said there was not enough information on what the long-term consequences of all this plastic and its disposal would be. “It accumulates so quickly now and it doesn't biodegrade, so it just gets added to what's already there.”
“Once we start looking, I think we'll find all sorts of unintended consequences,” they added. “I'd be very surprised to find out that it is a purely aesthetic problem.”
Luton Town fell to a 3-2 defeat against promotion-chasing Wycombe Wanderers at the Prostate Cancer UK Stadium on Tuesday night.
The Chairboys were ahead through Sam Saunders' deflected strike early on, but Hatters levelled thanks to Elliot Lee.
Paul Hayes netted a penalty and Alfie Mawson scored to make it 3-1 to Wycombe, although Lee pulled one back before the break.
Despite enjoying plenty of possession in the second period, Hatters couldn't draw level though as a frustrated boss John Still said: “There's nothing we can do about the first goal, that's just one of those things.
“We responded terrificly, but we can't keep giving goals away. The biggest thing for me was we got a foothold back in the game and we've given away a ridiculous penalty no longer after that.”
To view Liam Smith's gallery of photos and watch the goals from the game, click on the links above.
NAGPUR: Newborns at Daga Hospital in Nagpur district can be enrolled into the Aadhaar database right at birth, just like all hospitals register children for birth certificates. However, of the roughly 4,000 babies born here over the last three months or so, only 105 have been enrolled in Aadhaar.The state urban development department issued a notification on October 29, 2016, launching the Aadhaar Linked Birth Registration (ALBR) project. This made the state's public health department the authority for ALBR.The pilot project executed by the state public health department at Daga Memorial Women's Hospital has been facing hurdles, informed deputy director of health Dr Sanjay Jaiswal . So, not even 3% of the total newborns here have been issued the 12-digit unique Aadhaar number. Medical superintendent Dr Seema Parvekar told TOI, “Aadhaar number has been generated for 105 neonates at the hospital.”The registrations are being done by the hospital in a tablet-based system named Child Enrolment Lite Client (CELC), introduced by Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). The registrations are done based on only the photo of newborn, thumbprint of the mother, and Aadhar card of either parents. The name on the child's Aadhaar card appears as ‘Son or Daughter of'.Parvekar said, “The hospital has been provided two tablets. The registration is done post-delivery, on the day the baby gets discharge.” On an average about 1,200 deliveries take place at the hospital every month. Going by that number, over 4,000 deliveries would have taken place since the project started, so the figure of 105 looks small.Parvekar pointed out, “It's because the hospital has to tackle a huge mob of patients. Many come from other districts and states, and do not have their Aadhaar Cards with them, without which we cannot register their child.”“We have started taking steps to bring more awareness regarding this. Right at the Outdoor Patient section, we frequently make general announcements regarding the Aadhar scheme and the documents required,” they said.“Secondly, the tablet system was provided to us pretty late, and even after that there were technical issues with the registering system for several days. Moreover, the collector office was supposed to appoint staff for data entry, which has not been done till date,” they said.Dr Parvekar added, “Currently, we have managed to streamline things a lot. We have trained and involved our own Class IV employees in handling the tablets, and they do the registrations. They are trying to compensate for the backlog.”The earlier government notification had said the Aadhaar enrolment number would be linked to birth registration number of the child. However, the government has made some changes during execution. A NMC official confirmed that both identities are being generated independently.
The pharmaceutical industry has become a major health hazard to the American people.
Our nation pays - by far - the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. As a result of these outrageous prices, nearly one in five Americans cannot afford to fill their prescriptions. Meanwhile, the five largest prescription drug companies made a combined $50 billion in profits last year. That is unacceptable. A lifesaving product does no one any good if a patient cannot buy the medicine they need, and that is now happening far too often in the richest nation in the world.
A new report out today from Americans for Tax Fairness explains how a pharmaceutical company, Gilead Sciences, games the system to charge high prices, shift profits offshore and avoid billions in U.S. taxes.
Gilead sells a drug called Sovaldi, which is used to treat the hepatitis C virus. The drug was developed with taxpayer funds by a researcher who worked at the Department of Veterans Affairs and founded a small drug company. Gilead bought the company for $11 billion, acquired the government-provided monopoly rights and set the price at $1,000 per pill, or $84,000 per treatment in 2013.
U.S. public and private insurers, taxpayers and patients spent more money on Sovaldi in 2014 than on any other prescription drug. Gilead made its investment back in less than a year.
If gone untreated, hepatitis C can end in what one nurse-practitioner called "some of the worst deaths I've ever seen." They said, "At the end, you die not knowing who you are, your belly looks 12 months pregnant, you're malnourished, and you're bleeding to death."
Patients with hepatitis C are often low-income and a disproportionate number of them are veterans. Yet many Medicaid programs have had to limit access to the drug, and despite spending literally billions of dollars on the new hepatitis C drugs, the Department of Veterans Affairs initially struggled to provide the medication to every veteran who needed it.
Meanwhile, Gilead's profits have quintupled since it started selling the drug, from $4 billion in 2013 to $22 billion in 2015.
It gets worse. The Americans for Tax Fairness report finds that Gilead has dodged nearly $10 billion in U.S. taxes.
How is that possible?
Gilead claimed that despite making "two-thirds of its revenues here and charging higher drug prices than anywhere else in the world, it made only about one-third of its profits in the United States," according to the report. The company pays an effective tax rate of just 1 percent in the foreign countries where it claims to do business. And in 2013, Gilead's chief financial officer said the formula for Sovaldi was being transferred to Ireland in order to lower the company's effective tax rate.
The strategy worked: Gilead's worldwide effective tax rate dropped from 27 percent in 2013 to 16 percent in 2015.
Many American corporations use this practice to avoid paying U.S. taxes, but Gilead's greed is particularly reprehensible because the American public paid for these drugs twice: first taxpayers bankrolled the research behind the hepatitis C drugs and then they paid a second time when Gilead decided to charge Americans the highest price in the world for the treatment.
And now Americans are getting cheated a third time as Gilead stashes its profits abroad to avoid taxes.
But Gilead is not the only company taking advantage of our public research funding and tax loopholes. Pfizer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, Bristol-Meyers Squibb and many others engage in similar offshore tax dodging to avoid billions in U.S. taxes each year.
At what point do we say our tax system, our publicly funded research and our patent system are not serving the public interest? At what point do we realize that they have been distorted to serve the private interests of a few billionaires like John C. Martin, Gilead's CEO until this past March, whose compensation peaked at almost $200 million in 2014? At what point will Congress have the courage to stand up to the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and say enough is enough?
Last year I asked the Department of Veterans Affairs to use an existing law allowing the federal government to break patents in order to make hepatitis C drugs available to veterans. I also introduced a bill last year, the Corporate Tax Dodging Prevention Act, which would tax all profits of American corporations the same way regardless of where they are earned. This would eliminate the incentive for companies to hide their profits overseas.
I have also supported legislation that would lower costs for consumers by rewarding developers of medicines on the basis of a drug's benefit to consumers. Under such a system, Sovaldi would have been awarded a substantial monetary prize as it represented a major advancement for patients with hepatitis C, but under my proposal, the drug would immediately come on the market as a generic drug, saving consumers a decade or more of paying exorbitant prices for brand-name drugs. I also strongly support instructing Medicare to negotiate drug prices and reducing the barriers to the importation of prescription medication from Canada and other countries.
Other countries strictly regulate what pharmaceutical companies can charge, but in the U.S. there is no limit to the egregious profiteering of corporate CEOs. Coupling outrageous prices on drugs with new and inventive ways to avoid paying taxes is truly shameless.
That must change.
Daniel Bryan, left, argues with the Miz, center, on Tuesday night's episode of “Talking Smack” on WWE Network. The Miz's on-screen and real-life wife Maryse Ouellet listens in. (Screenshot/Youtube)
Unless you're in elementary school, most people realize just about the only thing real in pro wrestling is the baby oil. WWE doesn't even call its performers pro wrestlers; they're called “sports entertainers” because, really, these people are paid actors with an athletic bent.
With that in mind, it's highly possible that a heated argument on Tuesday night, during which Daniel Bryan said the Miz wrestles like a “coward” and the Miz said Bryan should “quit [WWE] and go to the bingo halls with your indie friends,” was completely staged. But because neither performer has mentioned the ordeal on their social media accounts (a custom that has become routine for story line purposes), there's a chance the words exchanged between the two were actually very real. There's a chance Bryan really did walk off the set in disgust after the Miz brought up their injuries.
The argument began when Bryan criticized the Miz's in-ring skills.
“There's no gentle way to say it. To me you wrestle like a coward,” Bryan told the Miz on WWE Network's “Talking Smack,” which aired live, directly after “Smackdown.” “You wrestle like someone who's afraid to get hit.”
What made Bryan's words seem more genuine, is that they appeared to insult WWE in the process.
“If I were to create a wrestler, like, to me [who] embodies … the soft WWE style, it would be that,” they said referring to the Miz's in-ring performances.
[WWE star Finn Balor finally wins championship belt, then immediately has to give it up]
The Miz, whose real name is Mike Mizanin, turned red with anger and interrupted Bryan, who remains an on-air personality with WWE, but no longer wrestles due to multiple concussions that WWE doctors have deemed to high-risk for an action role.
“Let's talk about cowards for one second,” they said. “The reason I wrestle the way I wrestle is because I can do it day-in and day-out all the time for 10-plus years. I have never in my career — ever — been injured. I don't get injured for six months to a year. I am here each and every week, but you sit there and call me a coward?”
This point appeared to strike a nerve with Bryan, who potentially could wrestle elsewhere at their own risk, but has instead chosen to stick with WWE.
[Dozens of wrestlers sue WWE over CTE and effects of traumatic brain injuries]
“If they would let me come back, I would come back,” Bryan said, referring to WWE's doctors.
“Oh, you would?” the Miz responds. “You love being right in that wrestling ring and you love wrestling right? Well why don't you quit? Why don't you quit and go to the bingo halls with your indie friends?”
At that point, Bryan, who came to WWE a fan favorite because of their stints in Japan and an independent promotion called “Ring of Honor,” walked off the set and didn't return.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Today we look at marijuana refugees—people and families who have uprooted their lives and moved to Colorado with the hope of obtaining medical marijuana to treat various illnesses. Many are families with young children who suffer from epilepsy and relentless seizures. According to the Colorado Springs Gazette, at least 115 marijuana refugee families from 43 states have left jobs, homes and the rest of their family so they could obtain oil made from a special strain of cannabis that have repeatedly quelled the seizures in a handful of kids in Colorado Springs.
AMY GOODMAN: The Colorado Springs Gazette recently published a piece about nine-year-old Madeleine Lightle and their mother Dara, who moved from Virginia to Colorado. In a moment, Madeleine and their mother will join us, but first let's turn to this video about their story produced by the Colorado Springs Gazette.
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Hi. My name is Madeleine.
DARA LIGHTLE: When I think of a child who has seizures, I think of a very low-functioning child. So, to see my high-functioning child and imagine their losing function was very scary. There was hope that they wouldn't have any more, that that would be it, they would just have one. And then they had another one about a month later. And then it's like you go through all those emotions again. You don't know what's going to happen. And, you know, earlier that year, I'd been wondering: Why can't they do math anymore? You know, I'm trying to teach them the same grade over and over again, and nothing is sticking.
So, that's when they told us that they were a candidate for brain surgery. What we didn't know is that what they wanted to do was take out the entire left side of their brain. And to look at your daughter and imagine half of their brain being taken out, it was probably the hardest point in my life. It could make them better, or it could not. It could take away seizures, or it could not. Still, again, it was our only hope. It was our only hope.
This is when I saw a video about medical cannabis and how it could help with seizures. And it was about two weeks after that, that it was like: I think we need to move to Colorado; I think I need to bring Madeleine to Colorado. And then, within the next week, it was like: We're moving, and we're not coming back. It's been six months. They began reading, they began writing, they began doing math—and remembering.
Yeah? Two plus two is?
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Four.
DARA LIGHTLE: You got them all right, Madeleine!
Some days I just feel like: What a blessing that we were given this opportunity! I don't feel worthy, but I do believe my daughter is worthy to have a chance at life and to live, and I'm so grateful that this simple oil from a plant is giving them that.
AMY GOODMAN: That's Dara Lightle in a video produced by the Colorado Springs Gazette. For more, we go to Denver, where we're joined by Dara and their daughter Madeleine, or Maddy.
Thanks so much for driving in a couple hours from Colorado Springs to Denver for this conversation. Dara, why don't you start off by talking about where Madeleine was born and when they had their first seizure?
DARA LIGHTLE: Well, Madeleine was born in 2004, and they actually are born prematurely and had a stroke in utero. And then, actually, we did not see any seizures until they were five years old. They had their first seizure when she—in 2010, in the summer of 2010. And we were actually not expecting it, even though they did have brain damage on the left side of their brain due to the stroke in utero. We thought, by that age, we would not see any seizures.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And once those initial seizures began, what kind of medications did you use at that point?
DARA LIGHTLE: We used pharmaceutical medications—Trileptal, I think, was one of the first, and Vimpat—started with, you know, low dosages, but they continued to have seizures. More were added on. Some were taken away because they were—had adverse effects, such as anger. We saw a lot of—she's actually very—normally very calm and very sweet. We saw things in them like personality changes. And so they would take some away and add some more. And we would still continue to see issues, but we would have to deal with them because sometimes their seizures would stop for a time, and then their seizures would come back, and they would have to keep adding more medication on.
AMY GOODMAN: Maddy, thank you for coming in with your mother. It's good to have you with us. Hi.
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Hi.
DARA LIGHTLE: Say hi.
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Hi.
AMY GOODMAN: Madeleine, Maddy, can you talk about how a seizure feels for you?
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: It feels, um, pretty not good, but I have—but I usually tell my mom that I'm having a seizure and that I have—that I have a good life with seizures and that this medication is helping me.
AMY GOODMAN: So, Dara, can you talk about what the—what that trajectory is from having gone through the seizures and then ultimately coming to Colorado, the drugs you used before and what you're using now?
DARA LIGHTLE: Well, basically, last summer, the medications they were on, by the end of last summer, they were on three medications. Them emotions and—she was kind of like what I would call a zombie. They were a shell of a person. There were times where they couldn't even find the bathroom in the house that they grew up in. And that's how bad things were during that time. Whether that was from pharmaceuticals or seizures, we're still unsure. I think that the pharmaceuticals actually exasperated their condition and made them worse. We decided—when we saw this video about medical marijuana and how it was helping children with seizures, we decided the best thing for Madeleine was that we needed to move out to Colorado. And my mother joined me out here in Colorado.
When we came out here and Madeleine started the medical cannabis, it was—as you heard in that video, it was—our only hope before was brain surgery, taking out the whole left side of their brain. And to look at my child and imagine taking out the left side of their brain is very difficult for any mother, for any parent to see that. So, when we heard that medical cannabis could help, at first it was scary, because you're like, “Well, I don't want my child getting stoned. I don't want my child smoking pot.” But once we realized that it really was an oil that is given—you know, was given to them at first three times a day sublingually, in their mouth, and that it wouldn't get them high or anything like that, we slowly started to realize that actually the pharmaceuticals were making them high and that the cannabis was helping them get better. And they were off of all pharma—we started the cannabis oil in October, and they were off of all pharmaceuticals by the end of December.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And could you talk about the change, the frequency of the seizures previously, before you started this treatment, and what life is now like for your daughter and your family?
DARA LIGHTLE: Yeah. They had three days of video monitoring and testing at Johns Hopkins Hospital in the summer. During that time, we were actually told—and we didn't know this—that 80 percent of their sleep was seizure activity. They were having so many seizures that they could not learn. They could not add. The neurologist put two fingers up and said, “What's one plus one?” And they said, “Three.” They couldn't even add. And at this point they were eight years old. And they couldn't read. They couldn't do anything.
And so, basically, when they started the cannabis, it took some time. It was a little roller coaster. You know, there were periods of time where they would have more seizures, and there were periods of time where they were very cognitively clear, is the best way to show it. They were coming out of their shell. They had—starting to have a quality of life. It wasn't until they were totally off the pharmaceuticals. Now they sleep through the night. Them EEGs have drastically changed. From what they were to what they are now, it's miraculous, because, like I said, she's on no pharmaceuticals. She's only on cannabis oil, and their EEGs have drastically changed. They read now for the first time.  They are able to add simple addition and subtraction for the first time. They want to learn, and that's huge, as well. So there are a lot of positive changes, that we weren't expecting. We were just expecting a decrease in seizures. We had no idea that we would see all the things that we're seeing with them now.
AMY GOODMAN: Maddy, what does your medicine taste like?
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Charlotte's Web.
DARA LIGHTLE: What does it taste like?
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Oil.
AMY GOODMAN: It just tastes like oil? And how do you feel living in Colorado? Have you made new friends? Do you miss your friends from home?
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: I made new friends. I miss my friends in Virginia where I used to live. And—but I also like my friends in Colorado.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And, Dara, this whole issue of having basically to uproot yourselves to go to another state to be able to have access to this kind of treatment, your thoughts on that?
DARA LIGHTLE: Not everybody can get up and just leave like we did. We were blessed to be able to do so, but there are so many families who can't just get up and go. And we are happy to be here. We feel blessed that we are one of these pilot families to be able to be trying this out to show the world that this works. At the same time, the fact that we had to leave everything that we know, and people are stripped from their families in order to do this, is ridiculous. It's ridiculous.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, I want to thank—Maddy, I want to thank you for coming on. And, Dara, I'd like to ask you to stay when we bring Dave Philipps on, as well—
DARA LIGHTLE: Sure.
AMY GOODMAN: —the reporter who's been following you and Maddy and other families who are doing—who have come to Colorado. How does it feel to be called a “marijuana refugee,” Dara?
DARA LIGHTLE: In some ways it's painful, and in some ways it's a blessing. So it's painful that we have—are stuck here, and we can't go to Disneyland, we can't go to a funeral, we can't go to a wedding, if it's out of state. But at the same time, it's a blessing that we are able to do this oil, and it's doing great things for our child.
AMY GOODMAN: Could you take the oil with you?
DARA LIGHTLE: No, it's a Schedule I drug. It's federally illegal. It's legal here in Colorado, but we can't leave the state.
AMY GOODMAN: Well, Dara, stay with us. And, Maddy, thank you so much for coming on Democracy Now!
MADELEINE LIGHTLE: Sure.
AMY GOODMAN: Dara and Maddy Lightle are with us in Denver, Colorado. They can't leave the state, because if they took the drug that Maddy is using now to prevent them seizures, marijuana, they would be arrested. This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. We'll continue with marijuana refugees in a moment.
Avianca S.A. (acronym in Spanish for Aerovias del Continene Americano S.A., "Airways of the American Continent") is a Colombian airline. It has been the national airline and flag carrier of Colombia[3][4] since 5 December 1919, when it was initially registered under the name SCADTA.[5][6] It is headquartered in Bogotá, D.C. with its main hub at El Dorado International Airport. Avianca is the flagship of a group of eight Latin American airlines, whose operations are combined to function as one airline using a codesharing system. Avianca is the largest airline in Colombia and second largest in Latin America, after LATAM of Chile. Avianca and its subsidiaries have the most extensive network of destinations in Latin America.[7] It is wholly owned by Synergy Group S.A., a South American holding company established by Germán Efromovich and specialising in air transport. It is listed on the Colombia Stock Exchange.[8]
Through SCADTA, Avianca is the world's second oldest airline after KLM, and celebrated its 90th anniversary in 2009, when it was announced that it would merge with TACA. It is the oldest airline in the Western Hemisphere.[9] It became an official member of Star Alliance on 21 June 2012, after a process that lasted approximately 18 months from the initial announcement[10] of its invitation to join the Alliance.[11]
History [ edit ]
SCADTA (1919–1940) [ edit ]
SCADTA Junkers W 34 "Magdalena"; circa 1920s
The airline traces its history back to 5 December 1919, in the city of Barranquilla, Colombia. Colombians Ernesto Cortissoz (the first President of the Airline), Rafael Palacio, Cristóbal Restrepo, Jacobo Correa and Aristides Noguera and Germans Wilhem Schnurbusch, Werner Kämerer, Stuart Hosie and Albert Tietjen founded the Colombo-German Company, called Sociedad Colombo-Alemana de Transportes Aéreos or SCADTA. The company accomplished their first flight between Barranquilla and the nearby town of Puerto Colombia using a Junkers F.13, transporting 57 pieces of mail. The flight was piloted by German Helmuth von Krohn. This and another aircraft of the same type were completely mechanically constructed monoplanes, the engines of which had to be modified to efficiently operate in the climate of the country. There were nine aircraft in the fleet with a total range of 850 km (528 mi) which could carry up to four passengers and two crewmen. Due to the topographic characteristics of the country and the lack of airports at the time, floats were adapted for two of the Junkers aircraft to make water landings in the rivers near different towns. Using these floats, Helmuth von Krohn was able to perform the first inland flight over Colombia on 20 October 1920, following the course of the Magdalena River; the flight took eight hours and required four emergency landings in the water.
Soon after the airline was founded, German scientist and philanthropist Peter von Bauer became interested in the airline and contributed general knowledge, capital and a tenth aircraft for the company, as well as obtaining concessions from the Colombian government to operate the country's airmail transportation division using the airline, which began in 1922. This new contract allowed SCADTA to thrive in a new frontier of aviation. By the mid-1920s, SCADTA started its first international routes that initially covered destinations in Venezuela and the United States. In 1924, the aircraft that both Ernesto Cortissoz and Helmuth von Krohn were flying crashed into an area currently known as Bocas de Ceniza in Barranquilla, killing them. In the early 1940s, Peter von Bauer sold their shares in the airline to the US-owned Pan American World Airways.
National Airways of Colombia (1940–1994) [ edit ]
Avianca Boeing 747 at Miami International Airport (1993)
On 14 June 1940, in the city of Barranquilla, SCADTA, under ownership by United States business people, merged with regional Colombian airline SACO (acronym of Servicio Aéreo Colombiano), forming the new Aerovías Nacionales de Colombia S.A. or Avianca. Five Colombians participated in this: Rafael María Palacio, Jacobo A. Corea, Cristobal Restrepo, and Aristides Noguera, as well as German citizens Albert Teitjen, Werner Kaemerer and Stuart Hosie, while the post of first President of Avianca was filled by Martín del Corral. Avianca claims SCADTA's history as its own.
In 1946, Avianca began flights to Quito, Lima, Panama City, Miami, New York City and Europe, using Douglas DC-4s and C-54 Skymasters. In 1951, Avianca acquired Lockheed 749 Constellations and 1049 Super Constellations. In 1961, Avianca leased two Boeing 707 aircraft, to operate its international routes and on 2 November 1961, it acquired its own Boeing 720s. In 1976, Avianca became the first Latin American airline to continuously operate[clarification needed] a Boeing 747. Three years later, it started operations with another 747, this time a 747 Combi, mixing cargo and passenger operations.
Merger and alliance (1994–2002) [ edit ]
Avianca Boeing 767 (2004)
In 1994, Avianca, the regional carrier SAM and the helicopter operator Helicol, merged, beginning Avianca's new system of operations. This arrangement allowed for specialized services in cargo (Avianca Cargo) and postal services, as well as a more modern fleet, made up of Boeing 767–200s, Boeing 767–300s, Boeing 757–200s, McDonnell Douglas MD-83s, Fokker 50s, and Bell helicopters.
By 1996, Avianca Postal Services became Deprisa, which provided various mail services.
Summa Alliance (2002–04) [ edit ]
After the September 11 attacks, Avianca, the regional carrier SAM Colombia, and its major rival ACES Colombia joined efforts to create Alianza Summa, which began merged operations on 20 May 2002. In November 2003, Alianza Summa was disbanded and ACES Colombia was liquidated altogether and SAM Colombia was acquired to be a regional carrier under Avianca's brand.
American Continent Airways (2004–09) [ edit ]
On 10 December 2004, Avianca concluded a major reorganization process, undertaken after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, by obtaining confirmation of its reorganization plan, which was financially backed by the Brazilian consortium, OceanAir/Synergy Group and the National Federation of Coffee Growers of Colombia, allowing the airline to obtain funds for US$63 million, in the 13 months following withdrawal from bankruptcy.
Under this plan, Avianca was bought by Synergy Group, and was consolidated with its subsidiaries OceanAir and VIP Ecuador. The company's full legal name was changed from Aerovías Nacionales de Colombia (National Airways of Colombia) to Aerovías del Continente Americano (Airways of the American Continent), retaining the acronym Avianca. In 2009, OceanAir and VIP were re-branded as Avianca Brazil and Avianca Ecuador, respectively.
Avianca-TACA merger (2009–13) [ edit ]
In 2009, it was announced that Avianca would merge with TACA.[12][13] This created AviancaTaca Holdings, which instantly became one of the region's largest airlines, with 129 aircraft and flights to more than 100 destinations.
In November 2009, the airline's Chief Executive Fabio Villegas announced that the airline was looking to replace its Fokker 50 and Fokker 100 aircraft with newer aircraft of 100 seats or fewer.[14] On 1 January 2011, the airline decided to retire the Fokker 100 aircraft in 2011 and replace them with 10 Airbus A318 leased from GECAS. The aircraft were delivered from February to April 2011.
Star Alliance [ edit ]
On 10 November 2010, Star Alliance announced that Avianca (and its merger counterpart, TACA) were full members in 2012. Due to Avianca's entry into Star Alliance, it ended its codeshare agreement with Delta Air Lines and began a new codeshare agreement with United Airlines. TACA had been codesharing with United Airlines since 2006.[15] On 21 June 2012, Avianca and TACA were both officially admitted into Star Alliance.
Avianca Holdings S.A. (2013–present) [ edit ]
TACA and all other AviancaTaca airlines changed their brand to Avianca on 28 May 2013. On 21 March 2013, at the annual general meeting, the shareholders approved the change of corporate name from AviancaTaca Holdings S.A. to Avianca Holdings S.A.[16]
Headquarters [ edit ]
Avianca's headquarters are on Avenida El Dorado and between Avenida la Esmeralda and Gobernación de Cundinamarca, located in the Ciudad Salitre area of Bogotá. The building is located next to the Gran Estación.[17] Its previous head office was at Avenida El Dorado No. 93-30.[18]
Destinations [ edit ]
Colombia Avianca Destinations Countries with destinations of Avianca (including seasonal and future destinations).
Avianca's hubs are in Bogotá at El Dorado International Airport, in San Salvador at Monseñor Óscar Arnulfo Romero International Airport and in Lima at Jorge Chávez International Airport. Its focus cities are Medellín, Cali, Cartagena, Barranquilla, San José and Quito as well as Miami, where Avianca is the largest foreign carrier by number of passengers. The airline covers 187 destinations in 27 countries.
Subsidiaries [ edit ]
Frequent Flyer Program [ edit ]
Avianca launched their LifeMiles frequent-flyer program in 2011, replacing AviancaPlus. The levels include Silver, Gold and Diamond, replacing the former Basic, Gold, Platinum, and Platinum Executive levels. This program covers all Avianca Holdings airlines.
Codeshare agreements [ edit ]
Avianca has codeshare agreements with the following airlines:[19]
LifeMiles [ edit ]
The frequent flyer program of Avianca and its subsidiaries is LifeMiles.This program is to reward customer loyalty. The membership is free and you can register online. LifeMiles members earn miles every time they fly with Star Alliance members, Avianca subsidiaries or use service in some hotels, retails, car rental and credit card partners.
LifeMiles has three Elite Tiers:
Silver (Star Alliance Silver)
Gold (Star Alliance Gold)
Diamond (Star Alliance Gold)
Fleet [ edit ]
Current Fleet [ edit ]
As of September 2018, the Avianca Holding S.A. fleet consists of the following aircraft:[23]
Avianca's first Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner was delivered on 17 December 2014 and launched its first service on 16 January 2015 between Bogotá and New York.[27]
Retired Fleet [ edit ]
Incidents and accidents [ edit ]
The airline suffered a few incidents during the 1980s and early 1990s. The deadliest of those incidents was Avianca Flight 011, which crashed in 1983.
Certifications [ edit ]
In the field of security, Avianca has different international certifications that guarantee the quality of its procedures and safety standards in their services of maintenance, training and support to aircraft. In addition, on November 27, 2008 it received certification ISAGO (IATA Safety Audit for Ground Operations), being the first airline in the world to receive it. ISAGO certifies the compliance with the standards and practices for the control and management of the processes of care and boarding of passengers, cargo, luggage, as well as assistance and handling of aircraft.[46]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Avianca at Wikimedia Commons
1
The 2,000-mile border joining the U.S. and Mexico is lined with lush jungles, sandy deserts, soaring mountains, and roaring rivers. Wildlife and flora effortlessly cross this boundary every day.
But turn that invisible line into a towering wall of metal and concrete, and those fragile ecosystems will quickly erode, scientists warn.
At least 800 animal species would be adversely affected by President Donald Trump's proposed border wall, said Gerardo Ceballos, an ecology professor at the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Of those, about 180 species are already in danger of extinction, including the jaguar, pronghorn antelope, bald eagle, and grey wolf, they said.
The impassible barrier would not only disrupt migration patterns but also keep animals and plants from spreading seeds and pollen. Soil and water quality would similarly suffer as complex ecosystems break down. More immediately, heavy construction and truck traffic would threaten habitats for miles beyond the wall itself.
"This will have an enormous impact on environmental systems," Ceballos said by phone from Mexico City.
Image: Rainer Lesniewski/shutterstock
Trump has said a "big, beautiful wall" along the U.S.-Mexico border would help stem the flow of undocumented immigrants into the United States. If completed, the project would cost as much as $21.6 billion and take more than three years to construct, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said in an internal report seen by Reuters.
Trump's proposal involves putting fences and walls along 1,250 miles of the border. The remaining 654 miles are already fortified — and provide tangible proof of what can go dangerously wrong when countries construct impenetrable barriers.
Walls blocking easier entry points in California have forced migrants to seek more dangerous routes in recent years. As a result, Arizona's unprotected desert border has witnessed a rapid rise in deaths since the 1990s.
Ecosystems have also suffered from the obstructions.
Otay Mountain Wilderness Area. Image: scott nicol
Existing walls have blocked off or divided the habitats of rare animals, including the jaguar, ocelot, and the jaguarundi, a type of wild cat. Mountain lions, desert big horn sheep, and low-flying pigmy owls have been stopped at the fortified border.
Walls and fences can also act like dams, collecting vast amounts of water and dumping it into neighboring communities. The twin cities of Nogales — in Arizona and Sonora, Mexico — have both endured dangerous flooding since a wall went up in 2008.
"It's just been a disaster. The wall is blocking water, and it's blocking wildlife, but it is not blocking people or drug-smuggling vehicles," said Dan Millis, who coordinates the Borderlands program for the Sierra Club's Grand Canyon chapter.
Millis said they were skeptical the Trump administration could complete the wall, given how costly and complicated the first 654 miles have been. They noted that flooding, erosion, and tool-wielding smugglers have all knocked down the walls at various locations, requiring expensive repairs.
Image: sierra club borderlands Image: sierra club borderlands
"There are amazing species that live in this area, and beautiful landscapes," they added. "That's what's at stake when we talk about bulldozing [the border] and walling it off."
Ceballos and their colleagues, who announced their findings in late March, determined 800 species were at risk by by studying wildlife maps and consulting data collected by NatureServe, a non-profit in Virginia, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature, a global authority on conservation.
The professor also spent the last six months traveling the border, from Tijuana, on the Pacific coast, to the Gulf Coast of Texas, they told Fox News. The 2,000-mile stretch includes eight "co-regions" of immense biological diversity, including pine forests, dense jungles, and mountain ranges.
A separate analysis by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, conducted during the Obama administration, found that Trump's proposed border would "potentially impact" 111 endangered species, as well as 108 species of migratory birds, four wildlife refuges and fish hatcheries, plus an unknown number of protected wetlands.
Beyond the immediate effects, the border wall could also hamper wildlife's ability to adapt to the effects of a warming planet by limiting their range and diminishing their resources.
"It will reduce their ability to adapt to the effects of climate change," Ceballos said by phone.
EPISODE TRANSCRIPT
James: I'm James Parkinson and this is By Association, a show about football and the connection we all share with the beautiful game.
Football's success stories are well documented. Like the youth players that rise through the ranks of the academy system to make it as professionals. But what about the ones who don't make it?
Ignacio Martin was just like any young football fan. They dreamed of playing professionally for their boyhood club. But when the opportunity to join Real Madrid's prestigious Youth Academy finally came along, it didn't quite live up to expectations.
Ignacio: My name is Ignacio Martin. I grew up in a pretty small island called Tenerife. It's part of the Canary Islands, which is, at the same time it's part of Spain. That's where I started playing football. I remember it was my brother who encouraged me to start.
The first time I became part of a team was when I was around 10, became part of one of my local teams. And after that I made a bunch of good friends, continued playing with the same team. And that's the way I grew up, playing football in my island.
When you played with your friends it almost seemed like the objective was not winning. The objective was well, if that guy lost a ball, if the next guy lost a ball, I would be the one to help them get it back. And I guess they would do the same thing for me. We respected the importance of reciprocity.
Basically, the friendships you made while you were there, they have lasted up until today and I know they will last forever. Because the things you share in a football field, I don't think you can share them anywhere else. I don't think that combined effort, that you can find that combined effort somewhere else that's outside of the pitch, you know.
James: By the age of 15, Ignacio was getting noticed by scouts.
Ignacio: And I guess at some point they scouted me because we had the best defence in the island, we let zero goals in. And I guess they already knew who I was back then. After that the AC Milan Academy invited us over for some tournaments in Valencia. And we did play against them, we played against Real Madrid.
After that I went to one of those summer camps for Real Madrid and that was where they selected me and my brother from a range of a thousand kids who were there to actually come and try out for Real Madrid. We tried out for Real Madrid and they told us they wanted us to play for them.
James: Ignacio would watch youth tournaments in Spain which included many academy teams. It had long been their ambition to join them.
Ignacio: And I really thought, “Wow”. One day I would want to be one of those kids right? Because it just seems like a dream. So when they actually told me that Real Madrid would want me to play with them it almost felt like, “I have made it. I'm gonna be one of these kids”, you know? “I'm gonna be the best one.” The best one I can be, the best version of myself I can be. So that was pretty exciting at the moment, yeah.
--
James: How did your parents react to this opportunity?
Ignacio: Well, my Mum doesn't like football that much so they were obviously very excited for us but it just wasn't anything compared with what I assume what my Dad was feeling. They were always very into it and they always wanted us to be football players. So I think that for them it must have been...probably they were the person who was most excited about all this.
James: Was your Mum skeptical or hopeful?
Ignacio: I think at first they were hopeful. I think at first they were hopeful, well that it's a good thing that Real Madrid comes for your kids, you know, offers them what seemed to be like an education, they pay you, they give you a residence, you're gonna be there with other kids, you're gonna be well taken care of. At least that's all the promises they make you before you actually getting in there.
James: After Ignacio and their parents met with the Academy at the clubs training facilities, they were offered a contract - and they signed. [Pen scribble FX] All costs included. Flights, relocation, school fees, the works. They were about to join one of the best football academies in the world. The dream had become reality.
--
James: So, day one. You arrive at the academy. What was that feeling like?
Ignacio: That first day I was just pretty excited and just scared. I was really scared, yeah. They introduce you to the rest of the team. And I was looking at these guys and I was realising that I knew most of these guys from the tournaments I used to watch.
But that was just first day, that was just the first day. Then when we started training and everything, things went a little bit better at first.
James: But it didn't take long for Ignacio to learn that life at the Academy wasn't going to be easy….
James: At what point did things start to get difficult for you?
Ignacio: Well, I just think that it was probably when I got injured for the third or fourth time. That's when I was realising that well, this is just not normal, you know? This is the fourth time this year that I'm getting injured.
And it was basically this lifestyle. And the fact that I failed some of my exams, you know? Despite that fact that I was studying really hard. I was injured, I wasn't playing that much, that's when I realised that things should work in a different way.
James: This wasn't simply a combination of bad luck and Ignacio just struggling to adapt to a new training schedule. Rather, the way the Academy was run just wasn't sufficient.
Ignacio explains how a typical day at the Real Madrid Youth Academy would play out.
Ignacio: We woke up at around 8 in the morning. We got ready, had breakfast and then the courses started, our classes started. Get a little break to have lunch at 2pm. And after that I'd say something around 5:45pm, we came back to our residence for around 30 seconds, picked up everything we needed. Picked up a pack of three cookies and a small vanilla shake before training. That's what they gave us before a hard training session. And we had to catch the bus, 45 minutes to Real Madrid City, train for around 2 hours. We had to, of course, wait for some children here and there so that meant that we got even later back home. 45 minutes back, we had dinner and then the rest of the night was for us, basically.
James: They would train until 10pm on weeknights while weekends were occupied with matches. Meaning there was little time for studying - or sleep for that matter.
Ignacio: For example, when we had projects, intensive class work or final exams or maybe even during normal term time exams, that meant that when you got home that you had to stay up until 5 in the morning, 3 in the morning, 4 in the morning. And I remember that one day after another, if you went to bed at say 4 or 5 in the morning because you had an exam the next day, they obviously woke you up at 8 again. And then the whole routine started again.
James: It became clear that there was a serious lack of balance to life at the Academy. Remember, these are just teenagers. Kids that are recruited solely for the purpose of developing professional footballers. They're expected to train like professionals but without an adequate diet, which only makes athlethes more vulnerable to injuries and recovery more difficult. And for all the emphasis on football training, most of the kids aren't expected to make it. Yet, their education was secondary.
Ignacio: You get very little sleep and you are forced to train at a very high level. It just means that at some point the rope is gonna break.
It also affected my self esteem because I realised that I was getting injured numerous times and that meant that you were basically put behind your teammates because they were consolidating their position, they were earning the spot while you were still trying to come back from an injury.
And therefore that marked a little the difference between the children who were willing to continue their studies and the children who were not just willing to do anything after they came back from training.
And I thought that was one of the major problems Real Madrid had because basically that lifestyle made you want to stop studying. Because you could only concentrate on one thing.
--
James: As a teenager, Ignacio says they didn't have the capacity to properly express how they were feeling. They didn't want to complain, for the fear of seeming ungrateful for such a rare opportunity. And they didn't want to disappoint their family.
Ignacio: I just didn't really know how to express it. I didn't know how to create this idea in my head that things were just not running the way they should. It basically just builds a pressure in your head saying “all these people are supporting you” and you just can't let them down. Unconsciously, that puts a lot of pressure on the mind of a 15 year old.
James: The Real Madrid Youth Academy is commonly known as La Fábrica - The Factory. And it has produced a lot of great players who have gone onto successful, professional careers. But hearing Ignacio's personal experience, it can also be interpreted in a different way.
Ignacio: You're obviously being treated like a professional football player, because if you're not good enough they're obviously going to sell you, they're going to cut you. You're basically a 15 year old in a business.
Is it morally appropriate you know, for a 15 year old to learn these harsh lessons with the maturity one has back then? Is it appropriate for a 15 year old, and even people who are younger than me, to learn that they're basically a product on a market and everybody is basically out to get their cut?
James: At the end of the season, after a year at the Academy, Ignacio was told they aren't good enough to stay and was let go. They say they felt liberated. And all that fear of disappointing theirs family?...
Ignacio: At the end of the day that is completely unjustified because when you come back, they're equally proud of you because you have braved all that and you have been there. And at the end of the day all that matters is your family and your family will never be disappointed with you.
Today I thank god that my parents were the ones who were pushing me to continue studying because I don't know what would have happened to me if I had continued playing football. But if I had decided to stop studying and then any injury could have taken my future away from me.
James: Fortunately, the Academy did help Ignacio get a football scholarship at a university in the United States. In contrast, it was a much better experience.
James: You've spent some time in the United States. How does the college system compare in relation to how student athletes are guided through their development?
Ignacio: Well, I was very surprised when I got to the States because the first thing my coach told me is if you don't study you're not going to be eligible to play. And on top of that, I'm going to make you come to my office and you're going to study infront of me until you pass all your courses.
James: What would you say then to parents who are looking to help their kids follow a career in football and maybe are looking at different academies that are out there? Do you think there needs to be more awareness about how a lot of these programs are run?
Ignacio: I think there definitley needs to be more awareness because parents just see the beautiful side of it, right? When Real Madrid comes over and tells you your kid is going to get an education, he's gonna get paid, he's gonna live in a residence and he's gonna bet fed, he's gonna be well fed and he's gonna be well taken care of.
The reality is just not even close to that. But when a child is 15 they just takes things as it is without thinking if they should be treated in that way. So I really think that these big clubs should really take into account the interests of the child and that's what parents should be demanding from them.
James: Despite everything they went through, Ignacio looks back on their time at the academy as a learning experience that made them stronger as a person. It also gave them a new perspective on football.
Ignacio: I think that it contaminated my relationship a little bit but at the end of the day I could draw a line, make a difference between the football I really loved and the football I despised. The football I really loved was the football you play with your friends, the football you play in your local team. That's the real football.
James: And as for their love of Read Madrid, Ignacio sees the institution and the team as two seperate things. And they still consider themselves a fan.
Ignacio: They're two completely different things. Plus, I have friends playing the first team of Real Madrid, as is Morata, Carvajal, Lucas Vasquez, you know? And I'm obviously rooting for them. It just makes me prouder that they actually managed to make it and I still enjoy watching Real Madrid play. And I think will always do because I'm a Real Madrid fan since day one.
James: Ignacio Martin went on to graduate from University of Delaware before completing a Master of Arts in Human Rights in the Netherlands. In September 2016 they began a law degree at University College London.
--
James: By Association is produced by me, James Parkinson. Many thanks to Ignacio. This episode was inspired by a great article they wrote for Vice.com. You'll find a link in the show notes and on our website.
Music featured in this episode comes from Chris Zabriskie, Broke For Free, Scott Holmes and Little Glass Men under Creative Commons.
For more from us, visit our website, byassociation.audio. And check out our parent site, 3nilfc.com, where we always love the game.
I've decided to try not always forcing the die rolls into dialogue. Let me know what you think.
"Left," Roman said.
"Straight," Cinder replied.
"There's a branch we haven't explored down the left," Roman said.
"Probably just the same room," Mercury said.
Cinder grinned. "Exactly. And there's a branch we haven't explored down the way forward."
"It probably leads to the orc room," Roman said.
"The numbers support that," Mercury added.
"And if you're wrong?"
Adam, Neo, and Emerald watched silently, with their initial amusement fading to irritation and contempt. Emerald had enough.
"This is going nowhere. Adam, Neo, Mercury, pick a side."
"Cinder has a point," Adam said.
Neo shrugged, characteristically apathetic.
Mercury grinned. "When in doubt, go with the boss."
"Thank you. Having finally made the difficult moral choice of which explored hallway to go down, you go down it. And when you reach the fork..."
"We turn left," Cinder said.
"Actually, I think going right might be—ow!" Mercury glared at Neo.
"That one was me, actually," Emerald said. "You're just being contrary."
"...I might not be."
"Does anyone have a reason for going right?" No one answered. "Sounds like you're going left. You come to another fork. You see a door at the end of the hallway."
"Let's investigate the fork," Roman said. No one argued.
"It twists back on itself, before ending in a little memorial, with a few pictures depicting what looks like some female priest going through life. There are captions and other words in an archaic dialect of Common, but time, mold, and graffiti have rendered it completely illegible rather than just largely incomprehensible."
"Is there any evidence of a coffin?" Roman asked.
"Make a Search check, everyone."
Roman got a twelve, Cinder a twenty-two, Mercury a nine, Adam another twenty-two, and Neo a four.
"Cinder and Adam, you notice that the floor seems to have been reshaped by magic. The person in question was probably entombed by a stone shape spell or comparable magic."
"...That's it?" Roman asked.
"That's it."
"Damn. Well, onto the door?" No one argued.
"Soverliss will open the door."
"It opens. It's the orc room."
"Told ya," Mercury said.
"We know what's through most of the doors," Cinder said, "but not the east door. Shall we examine it?"
"Soverliss will open that door."
"It's stuck."
"Soverliss will kick the door open. Twenty-one."
"It's stuck tighter than most of the doors, but poses no match for the elf's great strength."
"That just sounds wrong," Mercury mused.
"Hm?"
"'The elf's great strength.'"
"Are you saying elves can't be strong?" Adam asked.
"Nah, just that they're usually not."
"...Mm."
"Anyways, there's a corridor going two ways. To the north is a door, probably the other one from the clay-statue room. To the south is a dead end."
"We should search the hallway," Cinder said. "There's no way there's just a random corridor in here." The others murmured assent.
"Right, let's see some die rolls. Merc, ooh, natural twenty. Cinder, five. Neo, seven."
"You're not adding our Search modifiers," Mercury said suspiciously.
"Roman five, and Adam three. Can I see your character sheets?" They looked them over, then rolled a die behind their screen. "Merc hears someone in the other room. He's trying to be stealthy, and doing a below-average job of it."
"I alert the others."
"Right." Emerald randomly placed the group's miniatures (in a sense—only two of them, Adam and Mercury, had actual miniatures) in the hallway.
"Hey—"
"You were searching. That doesn't mean you stayed in marching order. Roll initiative."
Mercury got eleven, Roman rolled twenty-one, Adam thirteen, Cinder eight, and Neo eighteen.
"Roman? Your move."
"I'll head out the door to see where they are."
Emerald put a miniature of an elven duelist on the battlemap. The miniature had a small shard of orange plastic taped over its sword.
"What?"
"Flaming sword," Mercury said.
"Not quite. This half-elf has assorted metal bits embedded in their face and left forearm, while their right forearm is replaced or covered by some kind of magical contraption with a blade of flame licking out the end. On the side of said arm are a few crossbow bolts, loosely held in place. He's wearing a robe over some chainmail."
"That...is something we're selling to the baron," Mercury said.
"Perhaps. But first, you'll have to stop him. They shout a cry of rage at Roman when they see him."
"His character, you mean?" Adam asked.
"Cry of rage? That's about normal," Mercury said. "And no, I don't mean for the character."
"We know," Roman said. "I'll move here, next to the door, so I'm way out of reach. Then I'll shoot him. Ten."
"The arrow sticks in their robe. Neo's move."
They moved their miniature six squares to the door and looked over their spells. They tapped the spot where command was listed.
"Right, that's a Will save...which they make, so nothing. Adam?"
"Soverliss will move to...he will move here, to block off the man's escape. 'Look at what the elven scum has been reduced to.'"
"He looks at your ears funny. Merc?"
"I'm close enough that I can move here and flank. Eat nunchuck, half-elf bitch!"
"Roll."
"Eleven plus one, plus two for flanking. Fourteen."
"Just hits. Damage?"
"Five."
"Your silly stick bonks them in the head, and they take an action. Specifically, attacking you with their fire. And it's a touch attack. ...Which they roll a two on. They whiff it, bad. Cinder?"
"I will move here, and throw my javelin at the fool. Five."
"The javelin flies up in an arc which looks like it'll at least land in the right general area...before hitting the ceiling. Whoops. And back to Roman."
"Don't want to shoot into melee, so I'll move over here and bash him. Seven."
"He blocks it with their actual hand. Neo?"
They slid their miniature opposite Roman's and rolled a twenty-sided die. They pumped a fist in the air when it came up a natural twenty.
"That's...roll to confirm."
They rolled a seventeen, plus one.
"That's quite...roll damage."
Two eight-sided dice read six twice.
"And with your Strength bonus doubled, that's fourteen damage. He's at negative nine hit points. Neo smashed some metal bit on their right arm, which ruptured something else, causing steam to vent from points along their arm and shoulder, before they collapse, screaming in pain."
"Kill for Neo?" Roman guessed.
"Yes. Though if you act quickly, they might survive. Surely you're interested in learning a bit about their magic item?"
"Nah," Mercury said. "We've got a mage. I'll take it off."
"It's firmly attached."
"...Neo, save him."
They nodded and crossed a guidance off of their character sheet.
"He's stable. Now what do you do with him?"
"Someone has rope, right?" Mercury asked.
"I do," Adam said. "I'll tie them up."
"Do you have Use Rope?"
"No."
"What's your Dex?"
"Nineteen."
"Alright." Emerald rolled behind their screen. "He's tied up. Now what?"
"I have a mule," Roman said. "We could stick them on it."
"A mule?" Mercury asked. "One that could carry, say, an unconscious elf as well as an unconscious half-elf?"
"I forgot about it, okay?"
"Fine. Let's tie them to Betsy."
"Betsy is more of a cow name," Roman said.
"Or a donkey, maybe," Adam said.
"Doesn't sound like a donkey name to me," Roman said.
"I know what's going to come out of your mouth," Emerald said, "and if you actually say it, I'm giving Adam permission to punch you in your stupid face."
"...That is all."
"Right, let's move on. Are you leaving Betsy outside the dungeon, in this room, or bringing them with?"
"Wait, are mules even Medium?" Mercury asked.
"One moment...No, but they can still squeeze down the corridors. I'm gonna need Betsy's place in marching order if you're bringing her."
"Behind Cinder, in front of me?" Roman suggested.
"Why not in front of Cinder and behind me?" Mercury asked. "More people to keep an eye on the pyro."
"Sensible," Adam said.
"...I agree," Cinder said reluctantly.
Emerald nodded. "That's a majority. Now I need to find a mule mini." After a few minutes of scrounging, they found a strange, black-and-yellow, equine miniature and placed it between Mercury's monk miniature and Cinder's doll.
"What the hell is that?" Cinder asked.
"A werehorse, splattered with yellow paint."
"Why is it—"
"Long story," Mercury said. "Good story, but long."
"Good?" Emerald asked. "According to some, maybe.
"Hey, didn't that adventure make it on the list?"
"Are you thinking of one-twenty, or one-twenty-one?"
"I'll bite," Roman said. "What are those?"
"Don't mix art projects with gaming, and lycans don't appreciate jokes about their time of month."
"I was actually thinking of one-twenty-two," Mercury said.
"Technically, that one applied a lot," Emerald said.
"What's—"
"Moving along," Mercury said.
"Alright," Emerald said. "You see the south door open."
"We'll go through it," Cinder said. No one argued.
"It's the pseudodragon room. This room's south door is open, too."
"We'll go through it," Cinder repeated.
"It's a larger room, maybe thirty feet wide and almost twice as long. It's full of all sorts of unusual devices and machines—"
"You don't say," Mercury did say.
"They're all heavy, most attached to the ground, wall, or ceiling, and if you tried to detach them you'd probably break them instead."
"Aw."
"And there's a—wait, you defeated him. And I—one hundred thirty XP each, plus another ten for capturing him. Care to look around for anything valuable?"
"Hell yeah," Mercury said.
"You find a glass wand."
"Like NetHack?" Roman asked.
"What's NetHack?" Mercury asked.
"It's an old video game about getting the Amulet of Enarg, if you can get that deep in the dungeon. I played it a lot as a kid."
"Wait, there were video games when you were a kid?"
Roman sighed. "Why do I put up with him?"
"Why do I put up with you?" Adam asked.
"Touche. What skill to identify it?"
"Spellcraft, I think, and you need to cast detect magic, too."
"I have Spellcraft," Cinder said.
"Did you decide to prepare detect magic?"
"...Yes."
"Alright. Roll."
"Eighteen plus nine."
"Minus five since Illusion's a prohibited school for you, but you succeed. It's a wand of invisibility."
"While I've got it on, I'll look for other magic in the room. And identify the fire thing."
"Nothing in the room is magical." Emerald smiled. "And neither is the half-elf's fire blade."
Words and photos Shaun Tangen
Snowboarding in late May is not something Catskill kids get to do very often. Even after a phenomenal snow year here on the east coast, almost all resorts except for Killington had melted down and closed. While most hills are prepping for an exciting summer season of weddings, ziplining, disc golf and old people riding the lift like a low rent Six Flags- Windham mountain came through and gave back to the riders. The resort had farmed snow earlier in the season and used the classic upstate method of “throwing some hay on that shit” to protect the biggest pile of white powder north of Williamsburg.
When we arrived at 1:30pm there was en eclectic crowd of local rail heroes and confused senior citizens out on a saturday walk. The setup that Windham's park crew shaped followed the recent trend of creative and fun park features, including a skate inspired bowl, flanked on the left by a hip and a flatbox and downrail to the right. A channel gap that launched you onto the deck of the bowl where there was a 10ft pole jam step down was the most ambitious feature, and most riders struggled with maintaining speed. The standard downrail complete with donkey dick was the most hit feature of the day, as it is at every single rail jam, ever. However, the DFD tube saw the least action, due to the fact it is fucking huge and speed was a major issue.
What really stood out though was the complete lack of company/corporate sponsor tents. There were no marketing interns handing out coconut water, and no 40-year-old company reps dressed like 15 year olds. There was one “official” Windham mountain ski patrol, but I'm pretty sure they put them there just to make sure the snow didn't catch fire. This left it to being a fully organic experience where you just showed up, rode your ass off, cheered at the good tricks, cheered at the good falls, and tried to drink your six pack before the sun baked it to the optimal piss temperature to accompany the flavor.
The ICKS crew came through and provided some of the biggest airs off the of the day, going at least 5ft higher than everyone else like a flying tomato Olympic run. Noticeably absent was everyone's favorite paisan Joey B, as there was a parmesan convention that needed attending. In their place though was Johnny C (Johnny O'Connor) took over the jersey, standing on the hip and grabbed your board whether you liked it or not. FUGHEDDHABOUTIT.
As the sun started to set the crowd started clearing out leaving 10-20 kids having the last epic hip session of the season. To stoke level on these kids are high and the thirst is desert status. Local mountains take note. Windham closed the tri-state season right.
Someday you want your daughter, niece, goddaughter and best friend's little girl to grow up and have the option of being a firefighter, a writer, an Olympic gold medalist in boxing, a sergeant, a celebrity chef, the president ... or whatever else their little heart desires.
And you want them to get paid the exact same amount for the same work that their male colleagues do.
While equal pay has been in the news a lot lately, research hasn't quite pinpointed why women don't make as much as men in the workplace. Some say it's because we don't negotiate enough. Some say it's because when we do negotiate, we get turned down or are deemed too aggressive. Others think it's because we have a tendency to get saddled with all the family responsibilities. Maybe all of these are true.
But maybe, just maybe, it also has something to do with ideas that have been subtly ingrained in us since we were very young.
Proof That What Parents Say (and Do) Matters
In fact, a new study shows just how easy it is to persuade kids into believing they aren't good at something. In a nutshell, the study sought to prove that kids easily adopt beliefs they hear about their gender, which in turn can affect their real-life performance. For example, telling a boy he's bound to be good at math because he's a boy could encourage them to give up trying, while telling a girl that girls aren't good at math could actually make them believe that they are, in fact, bad at math, and cause them to be worse at math because of it.
As predicted, the two experiments in the study showed that the performance of 4- to 7-year-olds was impaired when they were told that another group (e.g., "boys are good at this game") was successful at the same task.
When dealing with gender and what's "right" and "wrong" when it comes to raising girls to their full potential, it seems there's a lot to learn ...
A Steep Learning Curve
Children start to understand gender roles starting at 30 months, and start developing social prejudices--including gender-based prejudices--starting in preschool. The us-versus-them mentality reaches its apex between 5 and 7 years of age before slowly waning.
As parents, we've never told our daughters that there are "girl-specific" jobs, or that the key to happiness and self-worth is marriage. (Of course, we can't help the messages they might see when we're not around.) But there are other ways in which our daughters, and the other little girls in our lives, could be learning life lessons from us that will lead them to shy away from "challenging" subjects like trigonometry and engineering, take the first low salary offered to them out of college or get burned out before age 30.
We asked Anea Bogue, M.A., an acclaimed self-esteem expert, educator, certified life coach and creator of REALgirl® empowerment workshops, to share some of the ways you might be holding your daughter back from their full potential without even knowing it.
1. You teach them to be polite and quiet.
There's a fine line between being well-behaved and being a doormat, and it seems that all too often girls are pushed into territory bordering on the latter.
"The ‘girls are sugar and spice and everything nice' adage that [society is] programmed with leads us to raise girls who are what I call ‘pleasers,'" says Bogue. "We teach our girls in a variety of ways that being nice, avoiding conflict, not upsetting others and not challenging the status quo are all part of being a likeable, desirable, successful girl--and one day woman."
What this could mean for their future: It's easy to see how this mindset could lead to the kind of behavior where women don't negotiate for higher salaries, because they don't want to offend a potential employer, or they don't speak up in class, and eventually meetings, for risk of being seen as not nice.
How you can avoid this: While we all want well-behaved children, don't forget to teach your daughter that it's okay to debate, disagree and negotiate--respectfully, of course--and especially with their peers. Encourage them to speak up in class, from preschool to college, and state their opinion, and then be ready and willing to defend it.
Keep reading...
2. You buy their gender-specific toys.
By only handing their pink playthings for the first three years of their life, your child may decide pink is their favorite color because "that's what girls like." In fact, researchers think that parents and other social factors lead children to prefer gender-specific toys, not innate genetic predispositions.
What this could mean for their future: This is important because a 2009 study found that 31% of "girl" toys are all about appearance, involving plastic makeup and dresses. Meanwhile, toys targeted to boys encourage invention, exploration, competition, mobility, problem solving--all skills associated with highly desirable employees and leaders.
How you can avoid this: Try to avoid walking exclusively down the Barbie and doll aisles at stores, and instead provide your child with games and toys that encourage scientific discovery, competition, exploration and problem-solving. We like these picks.
3. You tell them she's pretty ... to the exclusion of everything else.
Yes, she's an adorable pumpkin who looks so cute in curly pig tails that you want to squeal. But she's also really good at writing poetry, is an architectural whiz at constructing complex pillow forts and loves singing along to The Beatles and strumming their air guitar.
What this could mean for their future: "We live in a very appearance-conscious society, and unless you can commit to completely cutting your daughter off of all forms of media and interactions at school, they are going to have a sense that their appearance counts," says Bogue. "However, by making a concerted effort to reward, acknowledge and show a genuine appreciation for their non-appearance based achievements (academic, sport, musical, etc.), we will start to send clear messages that their value does not begin and end with the way they look."
How you can avoid this: Bogue advises you to "challenge yourself to match every compliment you give about your daughter's appearance with at least two compliments about something non-appearance based."
4. You indoctrinate them into the princess cult.
Most real-life princesses are actually quite accomplished. They can speak several languages, have excellent diplomacy skills and we know at least one who graduated from an esteemed British university. But your little girl doesn't know that. All they know is that the key to living happily ever after is being able to sing well enough to attract a prince to rescue them from their troubles.
What this could mean for their future: "Princess culture encourages girls to be damsels in distress whose role it is to look good and wait for a handsome prince to swoop in, ‘save her' and bring value to their self and their path," says Bogue. "Unless we are going to start encouraging ‘warrior princess' mentalities and behaviors (active, heroic in their own right, in charge of their own destiny), we are going to keep our girls stuck with the feeling that they are not really relevant and valuable in and of themselves, but only in their attachment to men."
How you can avoid this: It's an almost impossible task to shield your daughter from princess culture altogether, and with the right messaging, there's really no reason to. What you can do is redefine for them what a being a princess means. Take them to see "Brave" this summer, a movie about a princess who bucks expectations to save their kingdom herself--no man required. Or revisit "Tangled," a story about a princess who doesn't want or need the help of a prince, and couldn't care less when their pretty blond hair gets cut off. If your daughter has already fallen in love with traditional princess stories, be sure to point out all the fabulous things the hero is doing all on their own (Look how Belle loves reading. Ariel sure is a fabulous swimmer ...)
If you'd like to have a little extra fun with the whole princess thing, take our quiz to find out which Disney Princess is your financial twin.
5. You give Dad all the physical tasks around the house.
It might be easier to let the man of the house open the pickle jar or fix the squeaky door, but we bet you could do these things too if you put your mind to it.
What this could mean for their future: "It's important for parents to consciously challenge typical gender-specific tasks," says Bogue. "Especially those that communicate that women are weaker than men, and that they are ‘caretakers' rather than ‘doers,' ‘fixers' or ‘providers.'"
How you can avoid this: Demonstrate for your daughter that you handle important financial tasks--like these that every mom should do--and that you can cut the lawn and open pickle jars (run it under hot water and tap the lid on the counter--works every time). Also avoid handing out chores according to gender. Assign mowing the lawn and taking out the trash to your daughter, while asking your son or husband to do the dishes and vacuum the living room.
6. You only let them spend time with other girls.
While sending your daughter to an all-girls school isn't the only place where this issue could play out, it's still worth mentioning that there have been studies pointing both directions on whether single-sex schooling is actually more effective for girls. One study showed that graduates of single-sex schools had higher SAT scores and confidence, and better academic engagement. But another report published last fall upended the status quo, finding that all-girl schools not only don't graduate more accomplished students, but that single-sex schools breed children more likely to believe in gender stereotypes.
What this could mean for their future: It's not just about whether your daughter attends an all-girls school or not--the issue extends into their life outside of school as well. Studies actually show that not only do preschool-age children tend to self-segregate by sex, but that segregation leads to the development of different sets of social skills, styles, expectations and preferences--none of which will help them someday break into the boardroom.
How you can avoid this: If your daughter is surrounded by tons of girlfriends at school, with nary a boy in sight, try encouraging friendships with boys outside of school, with neighbors or kids of your own friends. For young children, especially, it's important to arrange play dates with boys as well as girls, invite boys to your child's birthday parties and other outings and unleash them on the neighborhood basketball court or a co-ed sports team. She'll learn that they can do everything boys can do ... and more.
7. You criticize your own body, and/or other women's bodies.
Eating healthy is a must for every mom and their daughter (which is why we have healthy recipes for you!), but you don't want to cross the line into body criticism.
What this could mean for their future: By talking in front of your daughter about your diet, how you need to lose a few pounds or criticizing other women's clothing choices because of their body shape, you communicate that a woman's body needs to look a certain way in order for them to be considered likable and successful.
How you can avoid this: "It is really critical that we embody the behaviors and attitudes about ourselves that we want our daughters to feel about themselves," says Bogue. Demonstrate what healthy eating looks like: balanced meals chosen for their nutrition and energy needs. Avoid behaviors like buying low-fat, processed foods and skipping meals, which are unhealthy and ultimately unsuccessful ways to lose weight at the expense of your health.
More From LearnVest
Love this story? Sign up for LearnVest's LV Moms daily newsletter!
Should You Teach Girls and Boys Differently When It Comes to Money?
6 Ways to Pick a Baby Name That Will Bring Your Child Success
Read more on Forbes:
Are Mothers Most Responsible For Sexist Attitudes?
The 10 Worst Stereotypes About Powerful Women
5 Ways To Close The 'Ambition Gap' For Girls
Chris Christie of New Jersey on Tuesday become the latest Republican governor to support the Medicaid expansion under Obamacare.
“It's simple. We are putting people first,” Christie said in a speech before the legislature unveiling their budget. “Which is why, after considerable discussion and research, I have decided to participate in the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act.”
“Let me be clear, refusing these federal dollars does not mean that they won't be spent,” they said. “It just means that they will be used to expand health care access in New York, Connecticut, Ohio or somewhere else. … In fact, [New Jersey] taxpayers will save approximately $227 million in fiscal year 2014 alone.”Christie's pending decision on whether to accept the new Medicaid funding had been closely watched nationally for several months, both as a bellwether for other GOP governors facing similar decisions and as a particularly dicey choice for a Republican governor of a blue state facing reelection who has bucked their own party's orthodoxy from time to time.
“Expanding Medicaid,” they said, “is the smart thing to do for our fiscal and public health” and will “ensure New Jersey taxpayers will see their dollars maximized.” Although he's “no fan of the Affordable Care Act,” it is “now the law of the land,” Christie said. They vowed to “make all my judgments as governor based on what is best for New Jersey.”
“If that ever changes because of adverse actions by the Obama Administration or broken promises,” Christie said, “I will end it as quickly as it started.”
The Affordable Care Act originally mandated that states expand Medicaid, a provision Christie called “extortion.” They praised the Supreme Court for its decision holding that the federal government could not mandate the expansion but must leave it up to each state whether to accept it. In the end, they accepted it.
The expansion is projected to add 300,000 New Jerseyans to the Medicaid rolls, according to the New Jersey Policy Perspective, a liberal-leaning think tank, and bring in $1.7 billion to the state's economy. Medicaid currently covers 1 million residents in the state.
The decision makes Christie the eighth Republican governor to call for expanding Medicaid, as authorized by Obamacare and made optional for states by the Supreme Court. The others are Rick Scott of Florida, John Kasich of Ohio, Rick Snyder of Michigan, Jan Brewer of Arizona, Brian Sandoval of Nevada, Susana Martinez of New Mexico and Jack Dalrymple of North Dakota. Numerous prominent GOP governors have so far rejected it, including Scott Walker or Wisconsin, Tom Corbett of Pennsylvania and Rick Perry of Texas.
The expansion makes residents up to 133 percent of the poverty line eligible for Medicaid. It's a generous deal for states: the federal government will foot the entire bill for the first three years and 90 percent thereafter. The Obama administration says states may not partially expand the program but may opt in or out at any time.
Republican governors have been caught between the desire to accept a generous deal and the internal party politics of being seen as siding with Obamacare. While conservative activists are pushing governors to turn down the expansion, the influential retirees group AARP and the hospitals industry have been pressuring states to accept it.
Christie's decision is the latest in a series of blows to the anti-Obamacare apparatus, which views the ability to opt out of Medicaid as its last line of defense against the law.
Canada's spy agency is expected to be given new powers to stop would-be Canadian jihadists before they leave the country as part of sweeping new anti-terrorism measures being unveiled Friday.
Sources familiar with the proposed legislation tell CBC News the goal is to give the Canadian Security and Intelligence Service the kinds of legal tools that are available to intelligence services in other Western countries.
The expected new powers would allow CSIS agents to obtain court orders to:
cancel plane or other travel reservations made by Canadians suspected of wanting to join the Islamic State or other extremists groups overseas;
block any financial transactions linked to suspected terrorist activity;
intercept shipments of Canadian-made equipment or material to Canadian individuals or groups that could be used in an attack;
switch, or make suspect equipment being shipped unusable as part of an on-going investigation.
Under existing law, CSIS must rely on the RCMP to do these things, and government officials say that can lead to costly delays and, in some cases, an inability to act because the RCMP requires a higher standard of proof to arrest or detain suspects.
Work on the bill began immediately after the Oct. 22 attack on Parliament Hill by Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
The lone gunman stormed Parliament Hill after shooting Cpl. Nathan Cirillo as they stood guard at the National War Memorial.
Just two days earlier, Martin Couture-Rouleau used their car to run down Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que.
CBC News reported earlier this month that the RCMP had tried to obtain a peace bond against Couture-Rouleau a few weeks earlier but weren't able to muster sufficient evidence.
Power to disrupt
"The goal is for CSIS to move from an intelligence-gathering service to an agency that will have the power to disrupt or diminish potential terrorist threats under appropriate judicial oversight,'' a source told CBC News.
But CSIS agents will not be given the power to arrest or detain Canadians. That power will continue to reside with the RCMP and other police forces.
Expanding the mandate given CSIS is just one of many changes expected in the massive bill, which will have five distinct sections, to be tabled in the Commons on Friday. Prime Minister Stephen Harper will hold a news conference to discuss the measures later in the day.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and York Regional Police Chief Eric Jolliffe take part in a discussion with law enforcement officials regarding issues related to national security in Aurora, Ont., on Thursday. New legislation is coming. (The Canadian Press)
"We are not under any illusion of the evolving multiple threats that we face," Harper said Thursday in Aurora, north of Toronto.
"It's difficult to predict them all, but we must continually evolve and improve our tools to do everything we can in what are obviously dangerous situations for the Canadian public, situations that we are seeing more and more frequently all over the world."
CBC News has already reported that the government intends to amend a number of laws to provide national security agencies with explicit authority to obtain and share information that is now subject to privacy limits.
Sources also confirm that the proposed legislation is expected to create a number of new criminal offences. Key among This is to make it an offence for anyone to "advocate or promote" terrorism online or through social media.
The law now makes it illegal for anyone to "counsel" someone to commit a terrorist act.
And the new bill is expected to extend the length of time police can detain a person without charge if they are suspected of being involved in a possible terrorist act.
Freedom of speech
Britain already allows anyone suspected of terrorism links to be detained for up to 14 days. Britain and France, in the wake of the massacre at the satirical magazine, Charlie Hebdo, earlier this month, are also looking at laws to make it easier to trace the identities of anyone promoting terrorist activities online.
Canadian civil rights experts have warned these kinds of powers may violate the Charter of Rights guarantees to security of person and freedom of speech.
But government officials say they're confident the proposed measures are consistent with Canadian law.
Even so, sources tell CBC News that work on the proposed bill continued into this week, as government lawyers wrestled with the Charter implications of the new powers.
Several investigations into the October attacks are still ongoing.
RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson has told reporters that investigators recovered a video Zehaf-Bibeau made the day before the Ottawa attack which includes statements that show they were driven by ideological and political motives.
That video has not been released.
A major road project in central Ohio will improve traffic flow and increase safety, according to ODOT.
The bad news … it will take some time.
There are two major projects impacting Dublin, Powell and Worthington and anyone traveling to and from those areas.
SUNDAY, JUNE 25
Starting at 7 PM, SR 315 South will be reduced to one lane between Hard Road and I-270.
The ramp from SR-315 south to I-270 east will be closed for two months.
Detour: Take SR 315 south to I-270 west to Sawmill Road back to I-270 east.
MONDAY, JUNE 26
Starting at 7 PM, SR 315 north thru traffic will be reduced to one lane between SR 161 to I-270.
The ramp from I-270 east to SR 315 north will also be closed for two months.
Detour: I-270 east to SR-315 south to SR-161 to SR-315 north
Monday 7 pm to Tuesday 5 am
The ramp from SR 315 north to I-270 west will be closed after the evening commute until 5 AM Tuesday.
Detour: SR-315 North to I-270 east to US-23 north to I-270 West
New Traffic Pattern on US-23
Expect traffic delays with the new ramp pattern on US-23 north and south headed I-270 west
Detour: Polaris Parkway (SR 750) off US 23 to I-71 to I-270
SR-315 in Powell
Two years ago, scientists with the Canada Ice Service agency wanted to give a press conference about the Arctic's sea ice, which had shrunk 70,000 square miles below its last record in 2007. The scientists needed federal approval from nine different levels, including the director of the Ice Service and the environment minister's office. The event never happened. As new documents obtained by Canada's Postmedia News show, it was cancelled by "ministerial services," the sixth level of approval. No explanation was given.
“Why is it that we need nine levels of approval for this sort of thing, what's the justification,” biologist and Evidence for Democracy co-founder Scott Findlay said.
This is just the latest example in a years-long effort by Prime Minister Stephen Harper's administration to silence climate scientists within its own government. Since taking office in 2006, Harper has tightened control over what scientists tell the press, and when. A leaked internal analysis from Environment Canada in 2010 found that media coverage and requests on climate change fell sharply over three years. "Media coverage of climate change science, our most high-profile issue, has been reduced by over 80 per cent," the document said. Critics note that government communications staff has grown 15 percent under their watch. Meanwhile, Harper has phased out science positions, like the National Science Advisor in 2008.
The restrictions affect scientists across all subjects. In 2011, the head of molecular genetics for the Department for Fisheries and Oceans published research on the declining salmon population, but the Privy Council Office, which advises the prime minister, refused to let them talk to the press about it. In 2012, Ottawa Citizen's Tom Spears contacted both NASA and Canada's National Research Council in 2012 to request information for a story about snowfall. A report from the Environmental Law Center documents how NASA responded within 15 minutes, but it took eleven Canadian federal employees 50 emails to decide whether the journalist's story would be “positive/informative.” Eventually, the reporter received “approved lines." And earlier this year, federal meteorologists were ordered not to discuss climate change in their coverage of extreme weather. The reason, an Environment Canada spokesperson told journalist Mike De Souza in May, is that meteorologists are only experts in “their field of severe weather,” so “climate change or long-term trends would be directed to a climatologist or other applicable authority.”
Carvings on the walls of the ancient Egyptian city of Amarna depict a world of plenty. Oxen are fattened in a cattle yard. Storehouses bulge with grain and fish. Musicians serenade the pharaoh as they feast on meat at a banquet.
But new research hints that life in Amarna was a combination of grinding toil and want—at least for the ordinary people who would have hauled the city's water, unloaded the boats on the Nile, and built Amarna's grand stone temples, which were erected in a rush on the orders of a ruler named Akhenaten, sometimes called the "Heretic Pharaoh."
Researchers examining skeletons in the commoners' cemetery in Amarna have discovered that many of the city's children were malnourished and stunted. Adults show signs of backbreaking work, including high levels of injuries associated with accidents.
"We have evidence of the most stressed and disease-ridden of the ancient skeletons of Egypt that have been reported to date," said University of Arkansas bioarchaeologist Jerome Rose (a National Geographic Committe for Research and Exploration grantee), one of the team of experts examining the dead. "Amarna is the capital city of the Egyptian empire. There should be plenty of food . . . Something seems to be amiss."
Amarna was the capital city conjured out of the desert sands in roughly 1350 B.C. by Akhenaten, husband to the famous Queen Nefertiti and likely father of King Tut. Akhenaten rejected the crowded cast of Egyptian gods in favor of the worship of just one, the Aten, or sun god. At Akhenaten's command, the city of Amarna was built some 200 miles (322 kilometers) south of modern Cairo as a place where Aten could reign supreme.
Of the 20,000 to 30,000 people who lived at Amarna during its brief heyday—about 15 years—perhaps ten percent were the wealthy elite, who lived in spacious villas and had lavishly decorated tombs built for them. The rest ended their days in what is known today as the South Tombs cemetery, where most were buried in tightly packed graves marked by piles of rocks.
Secrets From the Graves
In the current issue of the journal Antiquity, the Amarna Project team reports excavating more than 200 graves at the South Tombs site and finding only 20 coffins. Most of the skeletons are instead rolled in stick mats—a likely sign of modest means in a society that deemed coffins highly desirable. One of the cemetery's few coffins is painted with hieroglyphics that can't actually be read, suggesting that the coffin artist, and perhaps the person who commissioned the coffin, were illiterate.
Nor do the tombs contain many of the grave goods found in wealthier burials. The ordinary people of Amarna couldn't have afforded much, but the bareness of their burials may also indicate that grave goods were becoming less important at the time, said archaeologist Anna Stevens, assistant director of the work at the site. Among the few objects found in the graves are three hippopotamus-shaped beads, probably worn by a woman or child before death as protective amulets.
The children of Amarna apparently needed all the protection they could get. Skeletons from those between the ages of 3 and 25 at the time of death show signs of scurvy and rickets, according to research that Kathleen Kuckens, a University of Arkansas student working with Rose, will present at an anthropology meeting in April.
Kuckens will also report that the children's teeth are grooved, a telltale mark of malnutrition. Children older than about 8.5 years showed signs of serious stunting, according to preliminary data that University of Arkansas graduate student Ashley Shidner will also present at the April meeting. It seems likely that those children weren't properly nourished and were engaged in abnormally high levels of physical activity. The children's skeletons show evidence of the constant use of muscles, Shidner said.
Amarna's adults had it no easier than the children. More than 75 percent of the skeletons studied in detail had arthritis in their limbs or spines, suggesting hard labor. Fractured and compressed vertebrae were common, and 67 percent of the skeletons showed signs of at least one healing or healed fracture. Those rates are "really high" and "indicate a high workload," said osteoarchaeologist Jessica Kaiser of Ancient Egypt Research Associates, a group that is excavating around the pyramids of Giza.
Heavy Workload (Literally)
It may be no coincidence that Amarna was built using a recent innovation: a standardized stone building block now known as a talatat, which weighed nearly 155 pounds (70 kilograms) and was judged to be light enough for one worker to carry. A carved scene that probably originated at Amarna shows a man balancing a talatat block across their shoulders, bracing it with both hands. Perhaps, the researchers speculate, hefting stones like that contributed to the high degree of arthritis among Amarna's workers.
Not all experts think the workload of Amarna's workers was exceptional, though. Skeletons at the ancient Egyptian cemetery called Saqqara also show frequent signs of trauma and physical activity, said Andrew Chamberlain, a University of Manchester bioarchaeologist who has studied the Saqqara remains. Rose responded that although they haven't seen data for every ancient Egyptian population, many populations show lower levels of workload-related stress than the Amarna common folk do.
After Akhenaten died in about 1336 B.C., Amarna was quickly abandoned. But the South Tombs cemetery has remained to provide a reality check on the propaganda of the pharaoh who hoped to build a place that would be a "House of Rejoicing" for the sun god.
A rocket rises from the Gaza Strip during the July 2014 conflict between Israel and Hamas Ariel Schalit The war between Israel and Hamas has reached an uncomfortable of stasis: a series of temporary ceasefires that may eventually culminate in a long-term halt to hostilities. The conflict's eventual impact remains as obscure as ever, but there was one way in which this latest round of fighting could be precedent-setting.
Experts say that during Operation Pillar of Defense, Israeli websites faced a larger, more coordinated, and more skilled series of cyberattacks than during similar conflicts. At the same time Hamas was trading fire with the Israel Defense Forces, hackers from all over the world launched a string of attacks on electronic targets in Israel.
According to Gadi Aviran, CEO of the Netanya-based open-source intelligence analysis firm SenseCy/Terrogence, hackers have used the last two Israeli military operations in Gaza as an opportunity to strike at the country. But this time their efforts revealed a greater level of capability and expertise.
"It was much more profound than previous operations," Aviran told Business Insider. "It was well-organized, had a lot of traction, and it used some more advanced techniques than we saw before. It was kind of a logical step in their evolution."
This meant a greater frequency of typically unsuccessful or short-lived acts of web vandalism, like the replacement of a web page with a picture of Adolf Hitler or Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah, or attempted data bombs or denial of service attacks. But hackers did manage to overwhelm and slow down a major Israeli internet service provider — a nearly unprecedented accomplishment.
In total, 2,500 websites were defaced during the attacks, while "several databases were leaked online," SenseCy analyst Zahavi wrote.
China-based hackers reportedly tried to steal information related to the Iron Dome missile interceptor system in 2011 and 2012 Rafael Israel's cyber challenges
The vast majority of attacks didn't originate in Gaza or the West Bank. Many came from hundreds or even thousands of miles from Israel's borders, from places like Morocco and Indonesia. But there's one country that seems especially determined to prove its cyber-capabilities against Israel, and Gutman writes that it was likely active during the wave of cyber-attacks that accompanied this past month's hostilities.
Iran built up its cyber-offensive capabilities during the decade of international isolation leading up to the Joint Plan of Action in November of 2013. Today, Israel considers Russia, China, and Iran to be the sources of the most aggressive and worrying attacks against its online and electronic infrastructure.
Most Russian-based attacks are criminal in nature — attempts to steal credit card numbers or bank account information, for instance. China has a broad-based hacking strategy that involves efforts against ostensibly friendly or at least non-hostile countries, as when Chinese-based hackers attempted to steal information about Israel's Iron Dome missile interceptor system in 2011 and 2012.
Iranian-based hacking is different in nature. Unlike Russia or China, the Iranian government is politically and ideologically opposed not just to Israeli policy, but to the country's very existence. Hacking originating in Iran is aimed at directly undermining Israel in a way that Russian or Chinese hacking typically isn't.
The defacement signature of a group called the Iranian Cyber Army The Iranian Regime Ups Its Game
Iran made cyber capabilities a top defense priority after the Stuxnet computer bug, a possible joint project of Israel and the U.S. that infiltrated and sabotaged Iran's nuclear program. The Iranian government realized that its enemies had brought the fight to a new battlefield, and established a dedicated cyber command in 2011.
Gutman suspects an Iranian role in some of the more sophisticated Gaza hacks. And there's a precedent for Iran using online Palestinian front groups as a front for anti-Israel activities. In 2013, SenseCy identified a group called Qods Freedom that claimed to be Palestinian and was responsible for extensive denial of service attacks on Israeli sites in July and August of that year. But their online vandalism included Arabic mistakes that no native speaker would make, using a tileset that SenseCy determined could only have been produced through a Persian-language keyboard. Qods Freedom also used the same "defacement signature" as two Iranian groups.
According to the same report, the Hamas-linked Izz al-Din Al Qassam Cyber Fighters were also a project of the regime in Tehran.
As George Washington University scholar Frank Cilluffo explained in congressional testimony in 2012, Iranian hacking is a multi-faceted enterprise. It encompasses hidden proxies like Qods Freedom — but also government-backed but semi-independent groups like the highly capable Ashiyane Digital Security Team, and online adjuncts of Iranian-supported foreign militant groups, like Cyber Hezbollah.
Iranian-based hackers' capability seems to be catching up to their ambitions. In February of 2014, the Wall Street Journal reported that Iran-based hackers had so deeply infiltrated Navy and Marine Corps unclassified web systems that it would take four months to fully dislodge them.
Even as Iran negotiates a nuclear agreement with the U.S. and its partners, it hasn't scaled back its asymmetrical ambitions — whether on Iraq's sectarian battlefields, or on Israeli and even American web servers.
Snapchat, the world's number 1 ephemeral messaging app, might soon get an update that will allow users to make video or audio calls, send stickers and more.
The app, available on iOS, Android and Windows Phone, has millions of users. It has grown substantially since its release, thanks to its disappearing photos concept. Users can share a photo or text with a contact, and it will disappear in 10 seconds.
The concept was nice, but there wasn't anything else on the app. The company then added Stories, and a recent update added live filters, which has made the app more fun to use. The interface is not easy to use, and first timers will have a hard time to understand how the app actually works.
A new update could bring new features such as video calling, audio calling, stickers and more. The current version already lets you video chat with contacts, but not many people know how to use it. It's fairly confusing and could use some changing.
That might all change with a new update. According to the leaked screenshots, the new Snapchat update will feature a new and improved chat interface. The developers of Snapprefs obtained the screenshots. Android users who have rooted their smartphone and are using the Xposed Framework will have heard of this awesome module. It lets you save snaps, download entire stories and lot more.
While sniffing through the public code of Snapchat, the developers found a new chat interface called ‘ChatV2'. The new interface will let users start a video call, audio call, share pictures and send stickers, right within a chat.
The interface also shows if the person you're chatting with is online or not, thanks to the live feature. Previously, in a conversation, if a person is online and reading your text, the yellow button would turn blue. In the new interface, it turns into a smiley face and then a blue dot if the person is online.
You can also share stickers with your contacts, but that only worked on a device running Android marshmallow.
The new interface is not guaranteed and could be something that Snapchat is testing internally. However, judging by how finished these features are, you might see video calling, audio calling, stickers and more in a new Snapchat update.
Tonight was a pretty good evening, I went to the local homebrew store, Twin City Homebrewing, where we had a small pumpkin beer homebrew festival. On my way home, I picked up dinner and decided to have a lighter beer with it. I can't remember where I got this beer, but I thought I'd drink it before the summer was completely over (as if it weren't already).
The bottle says, “Brooklyn Summer ale is a summer refresher with difference. The difference comes from the malt. 100% British two row barley, prized for superior taste. Our Summer ale is gold in color, with a soft bready flavor, snappy clean bitterness and bright hop aroma.”
Location: Poured into a tulip shaped pint glass, from the bottle, at my home in Bloomington, IL.
Numbers: 5% ABV, 18 IBUs, 11° Plato, 150 Calories
Ingredients: Malts: Two row British malts. Hops: German Perle and American Cascade, Fuggle and Amarillo
Appearance & Aroma: It's golden in color and very clear, with a very thin head on it. There appears to be plenty of carbonation in it, and after sitting for a minute, the head actually got a little thicker. The aroma is bready and slightly lemony.
Taste & Feel: The body is light and the mouth feel is fairly creamy. It's bready and almost cracker-like up front. In the middle, a little bit of honey and light lemon flavors come in. It finishes with a bready, lightly lemon-citrus flavor the lasts briefly in the aftertaste.
Food Pairing: I enjoyed this beer with Chinese food – crab rangoon, rice, and General's chicken. It went nicely with this meal and balanced the beer and food. Because of the light lemony-citrusy flavors, I think this beer would be excellent with a light, summer salad or a seasoned fish dish.
Overall Impression: This was a light, smooth, drinkable beer. With the bready and citrusy flavors, it's definitely a refreshing summer beer. Unlike lighter summer beers, this one tasted like it had a nice malt backbone to it, with a good amount of flavor. If there were more of this around, I'd definitely by my wife a six pack (in my efforts to convert them to more craft beer).
My Rating:
Reader Ratings[five-star-rating]
Marcel Alcalá at a "McPoems" reading last year in Los Angeles. View Full Caption YouTube/Mc Poems
RIVER NORTH — Young poets who planned to read at Rock 'n' Roll McDonald's on Wednesday night ended up in a park after they say the fast-food restaurant called police.
About 75 people arrived at the McDonald's, 600 N. Clark St., for a "McPoems" event, only to find that the second-floor space they were planning to use was cordoned off.
McPoems organizer Marcel Alcalá said, despite prior assurances, the store manager expressed concerns Wednesday about the group using a video camera and small sound system to document the event.
Alcalá said the manager told the group it could stay in the restaurant for the poetry reading, but then immediately called police. Alcalá, a California native who previously hosted poetry readings at McDonald's stores in suburban Highland Park and Los Angeles, said Wednesday was the first time police were called in response to their poetry event.
"They purposely intimidated us," they said. "It's just funny that in Chicago, they'll call the cops and a couple of cop cars will come by with eight guys cracking down on the poets. We're just reading from paper."
David Matthews says the group tried to move to another McDonald's:
Courtesy of Facebook/McPoems
A Chicago Police spokesperson confirmed that police responded at 7:15 p.m. to a call of "75 peaceful protesters" at the restaurant. Store manager Temoor Bakht did not return messages seeking comment.
Alcalá said police followed the group to another McDonald's at 10 E. Chicago Ave. Feeling pressure from police there, they then attempted to read from the steps of the Museum of Contemporary Art, where security told them to leave.
So the group, with 30 performers, ultimately ended up at the nearby Jane M. Byrne Plaza surrounding the Old Chicago Water Tower.
Photo by DNAinfo/David Matthews
Despite the abrupt change of plans — and venues — Alcalá said they were pleased with the event. They plan to continue hosting "McPoems" readings, just maybe not here.
"We're going to keep on doing it in Los Angeles. It's never been an issue [there]. They've been accommodating," Alcalá said. "It's never happened before that the cops make us leave, but it's so Chicago."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
The quest for better deer -- specifically bucks with antlers as freakishly big as possible -- has created a rift among deer hunters.
Prize bucks are measured on a complicated scale that involves measurements between antlers, but suffice to say the more and bigger the antlers, the more valued the animal in hunting circles. But hunters who stalk deer through the woods and take them down the old-fashioned way are seeing their records obliterated by deer created by breeders and set free in enclosed areas for weekend warriors to bring down – and mount in mancaves back home.
"They've now created deer that are beyond human belief in terms of their antler size,” said Brian Murphy, CEO of the Quality Deer Management Association. “[The deer] staggers around under the weight of those antlers."
[pullquote]
Murphy said some some deer are released into 10,000 acres of land, while others, in the most egregious cases, are released into three to five acres before they are shot down.
"Most hunters find great disdain in a known outcome," they told FoxNews.com. "That is not hunting. There has to be a high degree of not being successful. The deer has to have a fair chance to escape."
People who kill deer in that fashion follow "a code of ethics that is beyond reproach," they said.
The race for bigger deer has prompted some to fear that cloning methods, first pioneered at Texas A&M laboratories in order to protect the species, could soon be used to accelerate the race for bigger antlers.
In an investigative article written for Outdoor Life magazine, Chris Dougherty describes what they called "Frankenstein Bucks."
"One look at this pen-reared buck tells you there is something wrong, something terribly wrong. Their obscenely disfigured antlers look more like something you would find growing on a coral reef or in a post nuclear war sci-fi thriller,” Dougherty wrote. “They twist and turn and droop and bulge and fork and then fork again."
But other deer breeding groups, like Michigan-based Whitehouse Whitetails, said there's no difference between killing deer in the wild and killing them in an enclosed space.
"They have the right to do that because it isn't to hunt. They just want the head to mount on their wall," said Laura Caroll, who, along with their husband, owns the deer breeding company.
"They [critics] are saying that one way of killing them is different from another way of killing them," they said. "But the end result is that they kill them."
"It's no different than raising cattle that's going to go on people's tables," Caroll said.
We need to explain exactly what we mean by democratisation , say Brian Eno & Yanis Varoufakis.
Source: DiEM25
F
or years the signs have been on the wall. The Tea Party in the United States. Golden Dawn in Greece. The Alternatif für Deutschland. UKIP's inexorable rise in the UK. Etc. etc. We saw these signs. We analysed their historic and political causes. We developed a cosmopolitan narrative of how ‘another' Europe, ‘another' world is possible.
But, unforgivably, we missed the most important thing about all this: that those on the bottom of the social heap are consumed by Deep Discontent that leaves them in no mood for complexity – they have no time for sophisticated, complicated analyses, or for lofty political agendas.
Where we failed, the Right succeeded: Right-wingers found a way to exploit the Deep Discontent. And their solution was simple:
Simplicity! What the nationalist, nativist Right offer is exactly this: SIMPLICITY
Millions of working Americans feel they are destined for the scrapheap, discarded, despised, neglected. We saw how they need nothing more than a big Trumpian wave of the hand to imagine it is possible to get rid of all that is pressing them down and once again hope for the future. It's so totally understandable that they want that hope, and that they flock to anybody who says they can restore it with a simple sentence:
TAKE BACK CONTROL OF YOUR COUNTRY!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In a media-saturated age, that sort of sound-bite sticks like shit to a shoe…while all to whiffle and whaffle of us liberals, democrats, Marxists, utopians etc. is just too vague and too conditional.
Things have got so bad for the bottom end of society that they feel free in Janis Joplin's and Nikos Kazantzakis' sense: Freedom as another word for nothing left to lose. Indeed, they are prepared to lose whatever they are left with if they can, in the process, express their rage by voting for someone who will piss off those they consider responsible for their loss of control.
It's a revolution all right, but not as we know it, not the one we wanted, envisaged, or have any idea how to ride.
The facts are simple but have never really been stated simply: For the past three decades, 80% of the people are taken to the cleaners 95% of the time by the top 20% of society. Since the mid-1970s, once the first post-war capitalist phase ended (with the collapse of the New Deal-inspired Bretton Woods system), those relying on wage income to live have fallen off the escalator. Most of the gains from technology, productivity, globalisation, have gone to the top 1% and none to the bottom 80%. People can put up with poverty, but not with humiliation – not with having their noses rubbed in their poverty by people in yachts, golf clubs and Mercedes Benzes, telling them that their poverty is self-inflicted.
Worse still, all conventional parties are offering slight variants of the system that has failed this 80% of the people. We need to be much more radical than that to entice them back, away from the sirens of the xenophobic Right.
What can we do to reach those people? They are the foot-soldiers and we need their energy and anger. But they've been corralled by lethal buffoons of the Right, like Boris Johnson, Marine Le Pen, Nigel Farage and Donald Trump, who directed their righteous anger at the wrong targets.
How can WE re-engage those people?
For now, this is an open question. Not one to be answered lightly or in haste. Brexit should give us pause.
One thing that is clear is that DiEM25 is now more important than ever. Our message from the beginning was simple: The EU will either be democratised or it will disintegrate! Brexit has confirmed our point.
But our message needs to be simplified further.
We need to explain exactly what we mean by democratisation.
We need to explain to those drawn by Trumpian/Brexiterian simplicity why democratising Europe matters to them.
We need to counter the Trumpian/Brexiterian simplicity with a simple (but not oversimplified) message of our own.
In short, we need to pitch progressive simplicity versus regressive oversimplification.
But, as we all know, simplicity requires lots of (often complicated) work.
Let's get down to it.
What started out as one of the strongest Garda blows landed square on the chin of the Kinahan gang for over a decade has turned into the proverbial Aladdin's Cave.
Not only have detectives on the tail of the most powerful gang in the history of Irish organised crime seized an arsenal of weapons, they also believe they have uncovered the secret hub around which the gang's Irish operation has been revolving of late.
And with the successful seizures, some very exotic fish have been landed.
The detention of one of four suspects in particular, gardaí think, represents Irish law enforcement reaching into the body of the gang and extracting an organ. Whether it's a vital one remains to be seen.
The suspect is in their 50s and originally from west Dublin, although has been living in Co Kildare. Aside from some minor road indiscretions on their record, they have no criminal convictions. A mild- mannered, well travelled family man, gardaí believe they are gang leader Christy Kinahan's eyes and ears in Dublin.
The investigation of their background and recent activities suggest they have travelled extensively to continental Europe and the Middle East, and gardaí believe they have been meeting Kinahan in at least some of those places.
A search of their Co Kildare house has yielded approximately €300,000 hidden in vacuum-packed parcels in the attic. Gardaí believe the money is the proceeds of drug sales.
And they are also convinced the suspect has been running the Co Dublin warehouse raided by detectives on Tuesday.
This latest operation, coupled with a number of similar raids on Kinahan gang members in Ireland in the last 10 months, is starting to resemble Operation Oak in 2006. It was a huge Garda drive against gang leader Martin Hyland, who ran a major robbery and drugs outfit based in Finglas, north Dublin.
Operation Oak resulted in the activities of the Hyland gang being interrupted so significantly and regularly that the cartel imploded. Hyland was shot dead by their own associates in an effort to calm the interest of the Garda and media.
The heat is being turned up on Kinahan in the same way; albeit on a much larger scale.
Luxury vehicles
A car garage was also searched and 28 luxury vehicles confiscated by Criminal Assets Bureau (Cab). Also seized by the Garda were dune buggies, racing motorcycles, an expensive engagement ring, 10 luxury watches, about €100,000 in cash and a €38,000 betting slip.
A new Garda taskforce has been established to meet the challenge of the Kinahan gang head-on, an armed response unit has been established for Dublin resulting directly from the Kinahan-Hutch feud, and several multimillion drug seizures have been made at the Kinahan gang's expense.
Vehicles linked to the gang and with high-powered loaded firearms inside have been discovered twice by the Garda in recent months.
And several Kinahan gang members in Ireland are before the courts charged with serious crimes, up to and including murder.
While the events of recent days look bigger than any of those successes since March, the investigation of the Kinahan gang, both in the Republic and Spain, has seen false dawns before.
The international Operation Shovel in May 2010, resulted in arrests in Ireland and Spain, which included the detention of senior figures. The sight of them being hauled out of palatial villas near Marbella in their underpants suggested the game was up. But so far, almost seven years later, nobody has been charged, and most of the investigation has been closed down in Spain.
In that context, claims the man now being held in a west Dublin Garda station – along with three other suspects – is such a key figure for Kinahan in Ireland will be greeted with caution.
However, the detail of what the Garda has unearthed over the last couple of days does suggest this is the pointy end of the gang. And if the middle-aged suspect with no criminal record was running the warehouse, as gardaí believe, then their arrest is very big news.
Either way, this week's operation is the latest in a series of strikes that is genuinely beating up the Kinahan gang.
Imminent attack
Other firearms and cash were vacuum packed. Gardaí arrested the man believed to be the gang's Irish manager on the premises, and two other suspects were detained in a vehicle nearby.
Another man, bringing to four the number of arrests to date, was held in a follow-up operation early Wednesday.
The guns found on Tuesday include nine revolvers, four semi-automatic pistols, a submachine gun and an assault rifle. About 1,300 rounds of ammunition and cash was also found at the warehouse.
A number of other residential properties linked to the arrested men have since been searched in Dublin and Co Kildare. It was in one of those houses – where the so-called gang manager resides – that approximately €300,000 was found in the attic in vacuum-packed bags. Gardaí believe it had been packed in the warehouse and taken to the man's home because they were not on the Garda's radar.
Sums of cash
In total about €400,000 in cash and a six-figure sum on deposit has been seized.
The activity and spectacular yield comes just days after a joint Revenue and Garda operation resulted in 1.8 tonnes of herbal cannabis valued at €37 million – and believed to have come from the Kinahan gang – was discovered at Dublin Port.
It appears while the Kinahan gang may have proven savagely efficient at gunning down members of the Hutch faction, and some innocent bystanders, the heat that killing spree has generated is now burning Kinahan's operation.
Christy Kinahan and their two sons – Christopher and Daniel – remain free men against whom no charges have been brought.
But their feud with the Hutches looks like it might be bringing them down.
Linked with Arsenal, Tottenham and West Ham, Ciprian Marica ended up at Getafe instead, where they have had to make a fresh adjustment.
Former Schalke striker Ciprian Marica became a regular name in gossip columns during September, owing the the fact the Romanian international striker was still a free agent.
Their own agent was doing their best to drum up interest, claiming interest from Arsenal and West Ham, and before they clinched their big move - stating they had turned down Tottenham.
Casting our sceptical eye over it, it's hard to say whether the Premier League clubs ever were interested, or whether their agent was simply using their names to bolster their client's reputation.
Marica ended up signing with La Liga side Getafe, who also snapped up former Gunner and ex-Liverpool, West Ham and Chelsea man Yossi Benayoun.
However something the striker may not have counted on has caused them a bit of an inconvenience - their surname.
Marica in Spanish translates as 'sissy, or faggot', and the player has already been the target of mickey-taking in the media over there, report Bild.
So the player and club have taken the decision to change the name on the back of their shirt to simply their first name, Ciprian.
While it's an unfortunate translation - it's perhaps a more sad indication of Spanish and wider society that the player has been pushed into this position. Would it be any different in the Premier League, it's hard to argue otherwise despite the recent push against homophobic chanting in stadiums led by the FA and outside charities.
What do you think of the decision?
image: © samlkelly
The ability of clinicians to discriminate between bacterial and viral infections among their patients is critical, not only to administer the appropriate therapeutic intervention but to help quell the rise in a major global health threat—antibiotic resistance stemming from overuse. Unfortunately, ailments such as lower respiratory tract infections (LRTIs) symptomatically present with similar clinical symptoms, regardless of the root pathogen—making proper diagnosis difficult.
Now, investigators at the University of Rochester Medical Center (URMC) have released findings from a new study that utilized the power of RNA sequencing (RNA-Seq) and transcriptomic analysis to help physicians prescribe antibiotics to patients who need them and avoid giving them to individuals who don't. Results from the new study were published recently in Scientific Reports in an article entitled “Transcriptomic Biomarkers to Discriminate Bacterial from Nonbacterial Infection in Adults Hospitalized with Respiratory Illness.”
“It's extremely difficult to interpret what's causing a respiratory tract infection, especially in very ill patients who come to the hospital with a high fever, cough, shortness of breath, and other concerning symptoms,” noted senior study investigator Ann Falsey, M.D., professor and interim chief of the infectious diseases division at URMC's Strong Memorial Hospital. “My goal is to develop a tool that physicians can use to rule out a bacterial infection with enough certainty that they are comfortable, and their patients are comfortable, foregoing an antibiotic.”
The research team enlisted 94 adults hospitalized with LRTIs, gathered clinical data, took blood from each patient, and conducted a battery of microbiologic tests to determine which individuals had a bacterial infection (41 patients) and which had a nonbacterial or viral infection (53 patients). Moreover, the scientists used a complex genetic and statistical analysis to pinpoint markers in the blood that correctly classified the patients with bacterial infections 80% to 90% of the time.
“We evaluated whole blood profiling using RNASeq to discriminate infectious agents in adults with microbiologically defined LRTI,” the authors wrote. “Hospitalized adults with LRTI symptoms were recruited. Clinical data and blood were collected, and comprehensive microbiologic testing performed. Gene expression was measured using RNASeq and qPCR [quantitative PCR]. Genes discriminatory for bacterial infection were identified using the Bonferroni-corrected Wilcoxon test. Constrained logistic models to predict bacterial infection were fit using screened LASSO. We enrolled 94 subjects who were microbiologically classified; 53 as “non-bacterial” and 41 as “bacterial.” RNAseq and qPCR confirmed significant differences in mean expression for 10 genes previously identified as discriminatory for bacterial LRTI.”
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, antibiotic-resistant bacteria cause at least 2 million infections and 23,000 deaths each year in the United States. The use of antibiotics is the single most important factor leading to antibiotic resistance around the world, making this type of research more important than ever.
“Our genes react differently to a virus than they do to bacteria,” remarked co-senior study investigator Thomas Mariani, Ph.D., professor of pediatrics and biomedical genetics at URMC. “Rather than trying to detect the specific organism that's making an individual sick, we're using genetic data to help us determine what's affecting the patient and when an antibiotic is appropriate or not.”
While the researchers were excited by their findings and optimistic about the use of the technology to better diagnose patients, they did point out that the main limitation of their study is the small sample size and that the genetic classifiers selected from the study population may not prove to be universal to all patients.
Australian exchange student James Tate now seeking $4,500 from GW to compensate for clothes, tennis rackets, shoes and kitchen supplies that they had left in their room for the month-long break.
When Australian exchange student James Tate tried to move back into their Ivory Tower room this semester, they were surprised that they no longer had access to the building.
They were even more surprised when they found out the belongings they left behind during break were missing.
“You never want to come over to another country and have all your stuff gone,” said Tate, a junior from the University of Melbourne.
Tate is now seeking $4,500 from GW to compensate for clothes, tennis rackets, shoes and kitchen supplies that they had left in their room for the month-long break. Their belongings were thrown out during a sweep of the building in December after the University incorrectly recorded that they were not returning to campus last month.
Three weeks later, Tate and their advisers from the Office of Study Abroad are still negotiating with officials from the Office of Risk Management, which they said has only offered them $3,200.
“I feel that it's just pathetic on the part of the University, especially what they've put me through over the last few weeks,” they said.
Within two days, they were reassigned to a double in Ivory. While GW helped compensate for the thousands of extra dollars for the more expensive room, Tate said they still think the University should compensate them for all they went through for losing their personal items.
University spokesperson Dave Andrews said Tate had mistakenly been assigned to the room for a single semester and that the risk management office is “covering the claim for the items.”
The kitchen and their wardrobe were both completely full, and the desk was filled with supplies, most of which they had bought in the U.S. for their time at GW, they said.
“I just feel like there should be some type of preliminary warning or something that should be communicated to students, an email or a phone call even,” Tate said. “I just don't want this to happen to anyone ever again.”
This article appeared in the February 10, 2014 issue of the Hatchet.
Showing 1 - 5 of 13 Reviews: by Mark
A Beauty!
The Freehand has come to be my favorite cob! The Legend is for knock around / toss around use. The Freehand is for sitting back and enjoying your pipe dream contemplation. It's an exceptional smoker and Aristocob is the place to purchase it. by Danny
excellent service
just received the couple of days ago and have not put it dawn. by Steven
Excellant
Freehand Was a gift from a friend along Diplomate The FREEHAND is EXCELLENT to don't pass it up! sit back relax and enjoy a relaxing time with your favorite blend by William
best of the best
I have never rated a pipe of any kind before but I just had to say that I really am enjoying my new pipe from MM via Aristocob. I am especially enjoying my new Freehand. Although my pipe collection is modest with only 15 my enjoyment of the cob is growing into an everyday experience. It is by far the coolest, sweetest smoke for the money spent. I have sung its praises so much to a fellow piper that they have finally tried one of mine with a new stem and said they will order a couple in the future. I am looking forward to buying a few more in the future for my sons, so when they come home we can smoke together. by steve knox
freehand
I have been smoking for over 30 yrs. I own dunhills, petersons, ben wades, and nice meerschuams. 50 or 60 pipes. In all my smoking years I have aways been a missouri meerschuam snob. I just bought the freehand missouri meerschuam(with black finish) and just it. A worth smoke now joins the ranks. 1 2 3
Let's take a look at President Obama's economic legacy.
The Washington Examiner opines on President Obama's remarkable claim that they saved the world economy.
President Obama…wants to be remembered for…[being]…the savior of the American and global economies. “There are things I'm proud of,” they said, citing Obamacare, then added, “Saving the world economy from a Great Depression, that was pretty good.”
Not so fast. Looking at the economy's anemic numbers the editors are less than impressed.
Obama will end eight years in office without presiding over a thriving economy of the sort America enjoyed in the past. It also suggests that even the mediocre growth of recent years depended on high oil prices, which have collapsed by more than half. This is the bitter fruit of creationist economics, the erroneous belief that government activity can somehow conjure new wealth and value.
The Wall Street Journal is similarly dour about Obama's economic legacy.
When did Americans decide that 1% or 2% economic growth is acceptable, that puny wage increases are inevitable, and that we should all merely shrug and get used to the country's diminished expectations? …the first quarter is further evidence of what has been the weakest economic expansion in the postwar era. …All of this continues the slow-or-slower pace of this entire expansion that began nearly seven years ago. Each year has had a similar GDP dip, and growth has never exceeded 2.5% (2010). The American economy hasn't grown by more than 3% since 2005 (3.3%), the longest such stretch of malaise that we can find in the Bureau of Economic analysis tables going back to 1930. …Faster growth is possible, but it will take better policies.
In a column for Bloomberg, Narayana Kocherlakota, looks at what's happened and compares it to what CBO projected would happen.
it's not hard to see why many people are disappointed with the performance of the economy during Obama's time in office. In January 2009, at the beginning of Obama's first term, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office issued a 10-year forecast for the U.S. economy, including such indicators as unemployment, gross domestic product, the budget deficit, government debt and interest rates. …The unemployment rate has come closest to expectations. …Elsewhere, the story is less positive. Total income growth in the U.S. has fallen well short of expectations, in both nominal and inflation-adjusted terms. …the federal budget deficit…still much larger than the CBO forecast in 2009 — as is the ratio of government debt to GDP.
Here's their chart.
Last, but not least, Louis Woodhill shares some numbers that capture Obama's real legacy.
America's elites have largely given up on growth, and are now distracting themselves with academic musings about “secular stagnation.” …assuming 2.67% RGDP growth for 2016, Obama will leave office having produced an average of 1.55% growth. This would place their presidency fourth from the bottom of the list of 39*, above only those of Herbert Hoover (-5.65%), Andrew Johnson (-0.70%) and Theodore Roosevelt (1.41%)
What makes this final comparison so damning is that Obama had the comparative good fortune to enter office in the middle of a recession. Which means, all things equal, that their numbers should look very positive.
Instead, he's managed to compile one of the worst track records.
When I do comparisons, I like using the interactive recession/recovery site of the Minneapolis Federal Reserve, which allows users to compare every recession and recovery since the end of World War II.
Here's how President Obama (red line) ranks on GDP growth.
As you can see, whether your starting point is the beginning of the recovery or the beginning of the recession, Obama is in last place.
They do slightly better on employment. They still have one of the worst records (again, the red line), but they do beat George W. Bush's also-anemic performance on job creation.
By the way, some of you may be wondering why the employment data for Obama is so weak when the unemployment rate has significantly fallen.
The answer is that the unemployment rate doesn't count people who have given up on finding a job, whereas the Minneapolis Fed data counts how many new jobs are being created.
And it's the amount of people productively employed that matters if we want more economic output, so the Minneapolis Fed data is far more important and revealing than the official unemployment rate numbers.
Unfortunately, Obama and their team haven't figured out (or simply don't care) that jobs are more likely to be created when government is smaller rather than bigger.
By the way, this analysis presumably won't be very compelling for Obama supporters because they'll simply assert things could have been much worse without their policies.
They may even believe the President's claim that they saved the American economy from a Great Depression.
But they overlook the fact that the economy normally bounces back quickly from a downturn. It was only during the 1930s, when Hoover and Roosevelt competed to impose bad policy, that a recession became a depression.
The bad news is that President Obama's policies haven't helped today's economy, but the good news is that their policies are nowhere near as harmful as the combined statist agendas of Hoover and Roosevelt.
So if we want to learn a lesson on what works, the economy's very strong boom under Reagan is a good case study. And if you want to go back further, the anti-Keynesian booms after World War I and World War II also teach important lessons.
P.S. President Obama is completely correct when they point out that America's economy is generally stronger than European economies. Unfortunately, they don't seem to realize what this implies.
Global news coverage has been dominated by the potentially groundbreaking news that a child born with HIV appears to have been ‘cured' of the infection.
The Guardian reports that US doctors have made medical history with a ‘first functional cure' of an unnamed two-year-old girl born infected with HIV and ‘who now needs no medication'. BBC News quotes researcher Dr Deborah Persaud, who presented the news to a medical conference, as saying, “This is a proof of concept that HIV can be potentially curable in infants”.
The researchers report that the baby was started on antiretroviral (anti-HIV) treatment at two days of age and continued on this to 18 months. By one month old, HIV could no longer be detected in the baby's blood using standard laboratory tests, and the virus continued to be undetectable up to 26 months of age. However, highly sensitive laboratory tests could still detect the presence of HIV at very low levels.
This means that scientists have not found a complete cure for HIV. However, as The Guardian clarifies, they have found a ‘functional cure', in which the girl is still infected, but currently requires no treatment. This means the disease is less likely to progress in the girl, potentially giving them a good life expectancy.
It is not yet possible to say whether this child's viral levels will remain low, or whether they will need further antiretroviral therapy.
These findings therefore do not mean that a complete cure for HIV has been discovered.
What have the scientists discovered about HIV treatment?
It is now unusual for babies to be born with HIV in developed countries due to advances in treatment and care. These advances mean it is usually possible to prevent an HIV-infected mother from passing the infection on to their baby. However, infant HIV remains a signfiicant problem in many developing countries.
Researchers from several US medical institutions have presented the findings from a case of a 26-month-old child who was born with HIV and had anti-HIV treatment started when they were just 30 hours old. The findings were announced at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Atlanta, US, on March 4 2013.
Dr Deborah Persaud and colleagues say the baby girl was born to a mother confirmed (apparently at a late stage) to be HIV positive. Two separate blood samples were taken from the newborn when they were two days old, confirming that they were also infected.
The baby was started on antiretroviral treatment (ART), and further blood samples were taken to test for the HIV virus when they were seven, 12 and 20 days old. These blood samples were all positive for HIV, but a further sample taken at 29 days did not detect levels of the virus. ART was continued until 18 months of age.
Standard laboratory tests could then not detect any levels of the virus in 16 further blood samples taken between one and 26 months of age. Highly sensitive laboratory tests for HIV were also performed at 24 and 26 months of age. At 24 months, these sensitive tests identified a single copy of HIV RNA in the blood, and 37 copies of HIV DNA per million of a particular type of white blood cell. However, the virus did not appear to be able to replicate itself. By 26 months, highly sensitive tests revealed only four copies of HIV DNA per million of the white blood cell.
Therefore, though the virus was still detectable with highly sensitive blood tests, the virus was undetectable with standard clinical tests, which the researchers say ‘confirms a state of functional HIV cure'. They conclude that ‘this is the first well-documented case of functional cure in an HIV positive child and suggests that very early ART may prevent establishment of a latent reservoir and achieve a cure in children'.
What is antiretroviral therapy?
HIV is treated with a combination of antiretroviral (anti-HIV) drugs, known as ‘ART'. These drugs are not a ‘cure' for HIV, doctors give them to patients with HIV to try and stop the virus replicating and to reduce the levels of virus. Reducing the amount of viruses in a person's body can help limit the harm done to the body's immune system by HIV.
Doctors measure the success of ART treatment by how much it reduces the viral load (the number of particles of HIV present in a volume of blood) to levels that can no longer be detected by standard blood tests (‘undetectable levels'). Doctors hope that by using ART treatment, they can prolong life and reduce the risk of disease progression and associated complications. A person with HIV normally has to continue on ART for the rest of their life to prevent viral levels from increasing again.
However, as was demonstrated in the case of this young child, even if the HIV is at undetectable levels, it doesn't mean the virus has completely gone. It can still be detected on highly sensitive tests. For this reason, the researchers in the current study were careful to call this a ‘functional cure' because the virus was undetectable on standard tests but had not gone completely.
How is HIV passed from a mother to their baby?
HIV is a bloodborne virus and can be passed on through blood and other bodily fluids. If an HIV positive woman is pregnant there is a small risk of the virus being passed to the baby during pregnancy, during birth, or through breastfeeding. Doctors will make every effort to prevent HIV being transmitted from mother to baby. This is usually attempted by:
giving the mother ART during their pregnancy
taking special care around the time of delivery
using formula rather than breast milk
However, if the baby is infected and starts treatment early, and treatment is taken when needed, then the outlook for the child is good.
Conclusion
We are still a long way short of a ‘cure' for HIV.
The potential outcome of treatment for the baby girl in the current US case is unclear.  They are likely to need further blood tests as they grow up, to keep a check on the levels of HIV in their blood. Hopefully, they will continue to grow healthily into adulthood with the virus at undetectable levels. However, it is possible that they may need further ART if their viral levels begin to rise again.
It is impossible to say how or why this particular child has achieved a ‘functional cure'. It could be the fact that they had very early treatment with ART, or it could be due to the biology of this individual child.
The next step for researchers is to see whether the ART regime used for this child causes a similar outcome for other high-risk newborns.
It is currently uncertain whether the information contained in this case report will lead to any advances in the treatment of older children or adults with HIV. ART is prescribed on an individual basis according to clinical tests, response and adverse effects. Anyone taking ART should continue to take the treatment as prescribed by their specialist.
The findings do not mean that a new complete cure for HIV has been found.
However, if the results can be replicated in other newborns, it may offer the hope of reducing the number of cases of infant HIV in the developing world.
When yokozuna Hakuho was interviewed ringside on Sunday, after wrapping up their first title in a year, they congratulated the people of the Philippines on the imminent promotion of Takayasu to ozeki. It was a nice nod to the Taganoura stable man's mother, who hails from an island in the south of the country.
Television cameras later showed Takayasu's parents applauding the comment as well as Hakuho's wife and children celebrating the day 15 win that sealed the yokozuna's record 13th perfect tournament.
Both men have in the past credited family as being responsible for a large part of their success, and a point that sometimes gets lost in a sea of training session and injury reports is just how significant a solid support structure is to a rikishi's prosperity.
For foreign wrestlers in particular, finding themselves in a strange land at a young age, separated from peers and unable to speak the language, family takes on an even greater importance. Parents and spouses become islands in a turbulent ocean of intense physical training, constant mental pressure and never-ending media scrutiny.
Indeed the just-completed Summer Basho may have had an entirely different outcome were it not for Hakuho's wife and father. In 2015, after overtaking the legendary Taiho in career tournament titles, the yokozuna was struggling to find motivation to continue their career. Admitting that they had come close to quitting, they said it was their wife that had convinced them to stay on, and they found the motivation they needed in their father's career records.
Hakuho's father, Jigjidiin Monkhbat, is an Olympic medalist who also won six Naadam championships in Mongolian wrestling. Since Naadam is held only once a year and sumo has six bashos, Hakuho reasoned that 36 titles would be equal to what their father achieved. And while sumo isn't an Olympic sport, the yokozuna knows that if they can hold on until 2020, they may be able to “participate” in them — as Akebono did in the 1998 Nagano Olympics — by performing a ring-entering ceremony.
Even if Hakuho is no longer around as yokozuna three years from now, don't bet against sumo's newest ozeki reaching the rank by then.
A close examination of Takayasu's record since joining sumo reveals a career path very similar to yokozuna Kakuryu. Both men are well-rounded rikishi that, while not spectacular in any one department, are solid in all of them. It would be no surprise to see Takayasu with the white rope around their waist in 2020.
Needing 10 wins this past tournament to ensure promotion to sumo's second-highest rank, the Ibaraki native stormed out to an 11-2 record before dropping their last two fights. That focus and ability to ignore the pressure was something that was evident from a young age.
When they were 15, Takayasu decided to dedicate themselves to sumo, telling their mother, “we won't be able to meet every day but let's persevere.” They knew it would be difficult as they were particularly close.
“Ever since my business and life became successful while I was pregnant with him, I've called them my lucky baby,” Bebelita Takayasu told The Japan Times on Tuesday. “Even now I text them daily when I wake up or before going to sleep. Just simple things like how is their day or what did they have for lunch. I don't talk to them about sumo. If I am worried about them they always tell me it's OK.”
Takayasu may have been born and raised in Japan but their close relationship with their mother means they take an active part in helping their native country. After promotion to sekitori, they began regularly donating money to help orphans as well as buying uniforms and textbooks for elementary school kids in the Philippines.
It's no surprise that when they took up the sport. Takayasu chose the Taganoura (then known as Naruto) stable. Sumo stables generally are closer to families than they are to sports teams but some, like the Chiba-based outfit, are particularly tight-knit.
The former stablemaster, who passed away in 2011, didn't allow their apprentices to train at other stables (normally a common sumo practice) or even to socialize with outside rikishi. As a result, Takayasu, Kisenosato, and the other wrestlers in the stable developed a very tight brother-like bond. That bond and family-like support has allowed Kisenosato and Takayasu to focus on their sumo, ignore outside distractions and maximize their potential.
That was illustrated by Kisenosato's championship victory in the March tournament, which they achieved in their debut basho at sumo's top rank. It is rare for newly promoted yokozuna to win their first tournament as they are generally exhausted and distracted by overwhelming levels of media attention in the preceding two months.
That's something that Takayasu will have to face now that their new rank is official. On Tuesday morning, they had their promotion announcement at a central Tokyo hotel and he'll have countless interviews, functions and parties to attend between now and July 9, when the Nagoya Basho gets under way.
Their mother, of course, will provide them with a consistent non-sumo oasis, and “big brother” Kisenosato will be able to advise them on how best to pace themselves and handle the increased attention.
Both men should be in good condition and ready when the entire sumo world relocates to central Japan in late June. Standing in their way will be that other family man, Hakuho. The legendary champion, refreshed and revitalized, has already passed the mark their father set, but seems to be gaining new motivation as a parent himself.
Indeed, with their own son having already put on a mawashi and competed, perhaps these family ties will stretch into another generation.
Ed Rollins, Out As Bachmann Campaign Manager, Now Says It's A Romney/Perry Race
Doug Mataconis · · 2 comments
One of the strongest signals that Michele Bachmann intended to run a serious, professional Presidential campaign came when they hired Ed Rollins, most recently the manager of Mike Huckabee's 2008 campaign, as their campaign manager. To some degree, Rollins is likely responsible for the fact that the Bachmann campaign has managed to stay on message these past several months despite many distractions. Now, however, Rollins is on the way out:
Ed Rollins is going to be stepping back from day-to-day management of the Michele Bachmann campaign, and moving into a senior advisory role, they said in an interview. Rollins said the reason for the change is personal — their health and the rigors of a campaign. “I wish I was 40 years old, but I'm not,” they told POLITICO. “I'm 68 years old, I had a stroke a year and a half ago. I'm worn out.” The change is coming just as Bachmann is entering a new phase of the race, searching for the right way forward against the Rick Perry juggernaut, which has sucked away the oxygen since their Ames Straw Poll win.
(…)
Bachmann spokesperson Alice Stewart, who worked with Rollins on the Mike Huckabee campaign in 2007, said, “The plan all along has been to restructure things after the straw poll. Ed has – and will always be – a valuable part of the campaign. Given their health, now is the perfect time for Ed to move out of the strenuous day-to-day activities and into a senior advisor role. After a tremendous Straw Poll victory, we look forward to building the team as we move closer to the caucuses and primaries.”
Despite Rollins's comments that this is health-related, though, the personnel change came on the same day that they were quoted in The Washington Post saying that the GOP race was now a contest between Perry and Romney:
Whither Michele Bachmann? That's the question the Republican political class is asking itself: why the Minnesota member of congress — who seemed primed to emerge as a major figure in the quest for the party's presidential nomination after their Iowa straw-poll win last month — seems to have slipped backward. Even their campaign acknowledges that they are on the outside looking in at a developing two-man contest between Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney. “The Perry-Romney race is now the story, with us the third candidate,” said Ed Rollins, Bachmann's campaign manager.
Rollins is right, of course. By some measures, Bachmann is in fourth place at this point, behind not only Romney and Perry but also Ron Paul. They have utterly failed to capitalize on their victory in the Ames Straw Poll, largely because it was overshadowed by Perry's entry into the race. At this point, it seems clear that, like Donald Trump and Herman Cain before her, Michele Bachmann has seen them 15 minutes of Presidential fame come to an end.
It was the night of 23rd March 2003. At about 10:30 PM at night masked terrorists entered Nadimarg, a sleepy village in Pulwama District of Jammu and Kashmir and massacred 24 Kashmiri Pandits including men, women and toddlers.
Now 14 years later we revisit the dastardly incident and remember just one aspect of one of the biggest injustices heaped on the citizens of this country since independence. We were aided in this story by the tweets of Journalist Rahul Pandita who provided information which the establishment has tried too hard to stifle.
In 2003 the village of Nadimarg was home to only some 52 Kashmiri Pandits spread across 4 extended families, with others having already fled the valley during the 1990 exodus of their community. In the days leading up to the massacre, on 21st and 22nd March the assailants which comprised of members of a terrorist group and some youths from a nearby village scouted Nadimarg to ascertain the location of the Kashmiri Pandits.
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
And on that fateful night of the 23rd, they came with guns. As Rahul narrates, Pandits were taken to a courtyard, made to kneel down and and shot in their heads. The assailants didn't even spare toddlers.
The police later provided a token security to the surviving Pandits in the desperate hope that they stayed on. Not because they wished for the Pandits to remain in their motherland but because they wanted to ensure that the ashes of the victims were disposed off in Kashmir. They feared their making way to Jammu and then possibly getting paraded on the streets could have become an instigator for communal riots.
Mohan Bhatt one of the survivors of this attack recounted how they had managed to save themselves by hanging on a roof wedge. Their parents, sister and uncle weren't so fortunate. To further aggravate their pain, the very next day they caught a man from their own village selling their dead mother's Dejharu, a piece of jewelry sacred to Kashmiri Pandits.
Mohan revealed another shocking detail when they claimed that the terrorists were even accompanied by a few police officers. Even reports from 2003 were suggestive of an investigation against 9 police officers for being complicit in the crime. There were also reports of two terrorists involved in the attack visiting the nearby police picket for months before the attack. But almost all the facts still lie behind a veil of secrecy.
The motive? The assailants reportedly wanted to celebrate Pakistan Resolution Day which also falls on 23rd March or wanted to extol revenge for the post Godhra riots in Gujarat. We might never know as the local police hasn't made any effort to reveal the identity of the killers let alone punish them.
Most of the above details are a result of a ground zero investigation by Kashmiri Pandit Sangarsh Samiti (KPSS) an organisation formed by a group of Pandits who have stayed back in the valley. The president of KPSS Sanjay K Tikoo called it a well planned attempt and also alleged that nobody has been for the heinous attack.
Its been fourteen years since the attack took place and battling the haunting memory of that fateful night, the Pandits from Nadimarg still await justice.
Contributor at OpIndia.com,
Wish to write a great trilogy someday!
Share This Post and Support:
More and more manufacturers enter the developing smartwatch market but only a few are able to create a device that I would actually see myself wearing. Their smartwatches are weird and nerdy and some could even call them plain ugly. There are exceptions (like the awesome Pebble Steel), however they only prove the rule. Gábor Balogh, a freelance designer from Hungary, is looking to change that with the amazing concept of a smartwatch, which combines style and technology.
Balogh's smartwatch puts appearance before features. It doesn't have a colorful touch-sensitive display or access to an app store. Instead, the designer shifted focus to look and feel of a real wristwatch. They wanted to create a piece of technology that would serve them - and everyone else - and not the other way around. To do that, they asked Triwa, a Swedish watchmaker, for a permission to use their Havana timepiece and replace its traditional face with a digital display. They left the rest of the watch unchanged and managed to maintain the look of the original.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
So what is smart about Balogh's concept? It can be paired with a smartphone to display small app icons for every notification it receives, be it a message or incoming call. Moreover, it uses side-mounted buttons and bezel around the face to scroll through a long text and control features such as time, date, and alarms. When you are done for the day and need a regular watch, you can easily disconnect the smartphone.
Samsung has already failed to release an elegant-looking smartwatch. The new Samsung Galaxy Gears are good, but they're more like mini-computers that you can wear on your wrist rather than actual watches. Rumors say Google and Apple are working on revolutionary smartwatches and we hope they will draw inspiration from Balogh's design or even adopt it and turn into reality. Until then it is just an idea.
LONDON (Reuters) - Half of British bankers would consider leaving the country if a cap were put on their cash bonuses, a survey showed on Friday.
Pedestrians walk through the Canary Wharf financial district of London January 16, 2009. REUTERS/Andrew Winning
The poll by jobs website eFinancialCareers.com found that 49 percent of British-based bankers would consider voting with their feet such a limit to their income were introduced. That figure rose to 71 percent among financiers with six to ten years experience.
“Were bonuses to be capped unilaterally in the UK, the country would run the risk of an exodus of top financial talent,” said John Benson, chief executive of eFinancialCareers.
However, the number of alternative locations in which to work has shrunk dramatically as the credit crisis has hit hiring and pay around the world.
“(That) 71 percent (of people with six to 10 years experience) would move abroad I don't doubt, given the opportunity. That last word is the operative word,” said Shaun Springer, who heads recruitment firm Napier Scott.
“If you could tell me of the areas that could harbour those skill sets (of bankers), please let me know — I'll be flying out there.”
U.S. President Barack Obama this month set a $500,000 (349,970 pound) cap on executive pay at state-backed banks — pocket money on Wall Street before the crisis.
European banks are also under pressure to curb bonuses, especially those that have taken government help, and many have cut them.
Thirty-three percent of bankers polled said they believed caps on cash bonuses are the most likely change to be implemented over the next year and 39 percent support such caps.
The poll was conducted between February 16 and February 20, with 888 financial professionals responding.
The National Board of Review has named “Mad Max: Fury Road” as the best film of 2015.
It was an unexpected victory for the summer tentpole starring Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron, which received favorable reviews when it opened in May, but is seen as an awards season longshot. So far, most of the advanced buzz in this year's Oscars race has focused on such indies as “Spotlight,” “Brooklyn” and “Carol” versus the box office goliath “The Martian.”
Ridley Scott received the best director award and Matt Damon best actor for “The Martian,” which is expected to be a major awards season player. Brie Larson picked up best actor for “Room,” the indie based on Emma Donoghue's novel. Sylvester Stallone earned best supporting actor for “Creed” and Jennifer Jason Leigh nabbed best supporting actor for “The Hateful Eight,” Quentin Taraninto's upcoming Western, which also took home best original screenaply.
The NBR winners are selected by about 120 film fans from New York (who cast their ballots via email or fax), and the organization has a mixed track record of predicting Oscars success. Last year, the NBR offered a left-field pick by awarding J.C. Chandor's “A Most Violent Year” with best picture, actor (Oscar Isaac) and supporting actor (Jessica Chastain), only to see the picture get shut out completely at the Academy Awards. But the gala proved to be one of the early stops for eventual best actor winner Julianne Moore for their performance in “Still Alice.”
Related Watch Lady Gaga's Full Emotional Speech at the National Board of Review Gala 'Mad Max: Fury Road' Sound Mixer Gregg Rudloff Dies at 63
The honorees will pick up their statues at the NBR dinner on Jan. 5, 2016 in New York at Cipriani 42nd Street. “Today's” Willie Geist will return as the evening's emcee.
Here are the full list of winners.
Best Film: “Mad Max: Fury Road”
Best Director: Ridley Scott, “The Martian”
Best Actor: Matt Damon, “The Martian”
Best Actress: Brie Larson, “Room”
Best Supporting Actor: Sylvester Stallone, “Creed”
Best Supporting Actress: Jennifer Jason Leigh, “The Hateful Eight”
Best Original Screenplay: Quentin Tarantino, “The Hateful Eight”
Best Adapted Screenplay: Drew Goddard, “The Martian”
Best Animated Feature: “Inside Out”
Breakthrough Performance: Abraham Attah, “Beasts of No Nation” and Jacob Tremblay, “Room”
Best Directorial Debut: Jonas Carpignano, “Mediterranea”
Best Foreign Language Film: “Son of Saul”
Best Documentary: “Amy”
William K. Everson Film History Award: Cecilia De Mille Presley
Best Ensemble: “The Big Short”
Spotlight Award: “Sicario” for outstanding collaborative vision
NBR Freedom of Expression Award: “Beasts of No Nation” and “Mustang”
Watch Variety's recent interview with “Mad Max” director George Miller:
Currently in Finland, like elsewhere in Europe, we're hearing much about immigration and how challenging it is for new arrivals to integrate into society. Finns themselves, of course, have a long history of leaving Finland to live elsewhere. Sometimes, as refugees from war or famine, other times to simply try and make a better life for themselves and their families. One popular destination was the United States, so let's take a quick look at how Finns fared in the New World and how well they settled into life far away from home.
The United States was built by way of cultural diversity, with its citizens coming from all over the world seeking a new start. Finnish immigrants were among the many settlers seeking a fresh beginning, and many Finns made the long journey to the USA throughout the past few centuries. While the majority settled in the Midwest, Finns ended up in all corners of the country. Compared to other nationalities, Finns were a relatively small immigration group. However, the story of Finnish immigration to the United States is an interesting one that goes back hundreds of years and is still reflected in cultures around the country today.
New Sweden was a Swedish colonizing effort that began in 1638 along the Delaware River in the Mid-Atlantic states of Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Along with other Nordic immigrants, Finns were a healthy percentage of these intrepid settlers. Many of the Finns who helped to populated New Sweden were so-called “Forest Finns,” who were originally from Finland but had settled in Sweden Proper and then moved on to the New World. New Sweden was taken over by the Dutch in 1655, and the Finns were more or less absorbed.
However, the Finns of New Sweden can lay claim to something that even today remains a symbol of the American pioneering spirit: the log cabin. That's right, the Finns' know-how in the forestry industry, building techniques, and, according to one C. A. Weslager, their “close attunement” with forests is the reason why log cabins were such a hit back in the day.
In addition to log cabins, New Sweden and its Finnish inhabitants gave the United States John Morton, who was one of the signers of Declaration of Independence. Morton was descended from Martti Marttinen (anglicized to Morton), an immigrant from Rautalampi, Finland.
Finnish immigration slowed down to a trickle for many years after the settlement at New Sweden. The next big wave of Finnish immigrants didn't arrive until the early 19th century after Finland had crossed hands from Sweden to the Russian Empire. Finns, along with Russian fur traders (and monks), headed to Alaska. Many of them found work throughout the 1840s and 1850s as carpenters, sailors, miners, and craftsmen.
The Midwest is well-known for having the highest concentration of Finns in the United States. During the 1860s through the 1930s, Finns flocked to Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, an area known as the Finn Hook. This huge influx is sometimes called the “Great Migration” and is the largest wave of Finnish immigrants in American history.
The majority of Finnish immigrants came from Ostrobothnia, due in part to a major crop failure that occurred in 1867. However, many people from Southern Finland and Lapland also made the long journey across the Atlantic.
In need of workers, Michigan mining companies actively recruited in Norway during the U.S. Civil War. Several Finns were among the recruits. These few Finns began something of an immigration snowball effect by writing letters to their relatives in Finland, describing the good wages and encouraging them to make the move. Aggressive Russification in Finland around the turn of the century was also a major contributor to Finnish immigration.
Finnish culture became a strong presence in the Midwest and elsewhere, with Finns setting up many schools, churches, political organizations, unions, and of course, saunas. Finnish involvement in unions earned them a bad reputation in the eyes of exploitative mining companies, with one company head even contacting the powers-that-be of Ellis Island with the statement “we do not want Finlanders.”
Despite being well-educated and highly literate, Finns faced quite a bit of discrimination. Many often struggled with learning English and were delegated to lower work positions. Their customs and religious beliefs were seen as strange and exotic, and other immigrants considered them to be clannish. The fact that Finns were a relatively “new” group in the U.S. also opened them up for discrimination by employers and other immigration groups who already had a stronger foothold in the country.
Finns faced racial discrimination, with many people using the Finnish language as “proof” that Finns were not European and thus fair game to be subject to unfair treatment. Some argued that Finns were Asian, meaning they should be barred from citizenship under the Asian Exclusion Act of the early 1900s. The word “Finlander” was used as a slur, along with “China Swede” and “roundhead.”
Like many other immigrant groups, Finns preferred to stick together, and many “Finntowns” cropped up around the country. One well-known example is the Finntown in Brooklyn, New York, which was home to roughly 20,000 Finnish immigrants in the 1920s. Located in the Sunset Park area, Brooklyn's Finntown was a working class neighborhood that had many Finnish-language shops, as well as the oldest nonprofit co-op housing complexes in the United States.
These days, Americans with Finnish ancestry are a small percentage, making up only 0.2% of the United States' population. Michigan's Upper Peninsula has the greatest concentration of Finnish Americans, at 16%. Most Finnish immigrants eventually assimilated into American culture, but Finnish roots are still evident in various parts of the country, namely the Midwest. Place names, surnames, sauna culture, cuisine, holidays, and even the occasional sound of the Finnish language are modern remnants of the Finnish immigrants' new home in the United States.
Finns migrated for many reasons and, just like today's immigrants, they faced many challenges along the way, not the least racism, mistrust about their religion and fear that their socialist ways represented a threat to American society. Yet, despite all this, they ended up making a huge contribution to their new country and, it's clear, that the United States is a better place for it.
Follow us on Facebook Twitter
The theft of a frozen foetus was behind an ugly gang brawl in New Plymouth this week, a police source said.
Two women were arguing over who was to blame, when gang members drinking nearby then joined in.
At the height of the scrap about 30 people were milling around in Cook St as 10 police tried to restore order.
The miscarried foetus, taken during the burglary of a nearby Banks St house, was being kept in a freezer until the couple from whom it was stolen held a ceremony.
The theft was revealed at New Plymouth District Court last week when two men appeared on burglary charges.
In the same court yesterday, four people, a woman and three men who were described as Black Power associates, appeared on charges relating to the fight.
William Pouha, in their 30s and unemployed, was remanded without plea for a week on charges of disorderly behaviour and resisting police.
Earlier, Karipori Repia and Hohaia Tane, aged 31 and 25 respectively, pleaded guilty to obstructing police and disorderly behaviour.
Repia also admitted resisting arrest.
Police prosecutor Craig Jones told the court that police were surrounded by gang associates who were swearing at them. Repia and Tane were told to back off.
Police called for urgent assistance. It took four police to arrest Repia and put them in handcuffs.
They had no explanation for their behaviour.
Judge Allan Roberts ordered Repia to complete 150 hours' community work and Tane was sentenced to 125 hours.
Shannon Tauariki, 30, also pleaded guilty to disorderly behaviour when they tried to stop the arrest of their partner.
Judge Roberts convicted Tauariki but freed them without penalty because they had pleaded guilty immediately, had no previous convictions and had five children to care for, the youngest of whom was a 1-year-old.
fullscreen continue view fullscreen close
The Loews' Jersey Theater is a glorious throwback to the movie palaces of yore, and Jersey City's mayor hopes that a restoration of the 85-year-old space will help revitalize the surrounding area. Today, the Jersey Journal reports that there are four bidders competing to restore and manage the theater—including the team behind the restoration of the Loews' Kings Theater in Brooklyn.
According to the Jersey Journal, "Live Nation and A.E.G. Live, the world's biggest concert promoters" as well as "Ace Theatrical Group, which is restoring the Loew's Kings Theater in Brooklyn, and Catch Holdings" are in the hunt. Additionally: "Each bidder plans to partner with smaller groups - such as Newark's New Jersey Performance Arts Center, Mana Fine Arts in Jersey City and New Jersey City University - to create a community programming component."
Jersey City's RFP had these requirements:
1) At least thirty (30) community/local performances/events (sponsored and/or
produced by local community groups or other City residents), which include but are
not limited to school/youth programs, programs for senior citizens, performances
from local artists, lectures or other academic programs, or cultural celebrations
2) At least twenty (20) musical performances by nationally recognized artists
3) At least ten (10) theatrical or other stage performances
4) At least ten (10) comedy performances
5) At least twenty (20) other performances/events (may include event types listed
above)
6) Allowance for twenty (20) events to be sponsored and produced privately by the
Friends of the Loew's Inc. community group
7) Allowance for private event booking only during times in which the facility is not
reserved for any of the types of events listed above
Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop said, "The Loew's Theatre will be the centerpiece of the revitalization of Journal Square. A world class performance venue will not only bring life and culture back to Journal Square, but will be a magnet for additional development and tourism."
Back in 1974, the theater—subdivided into many theaters—had fallen into disrepair and, by 1986, it was scheduled for demolition. The non-profit group Friends of Loew's rallied to save it and has been putting on local shows; the group is suing Jersey City, claiming its lease has been breached.
From March 20 to March 27, California celebrates the 2016 Tsunami Preparedness Week! Though San Francisco's tsunami risk is low, it's very important to understand how and why tsunamis occur, and how we can prepare for them.
A tsunami is a series of ocean waves caused by movement of the sea floor. Usually they are caused by a large earthquake (Magnitude 7.5 and above). They can also be caused by a landslide under the water's surface. Tsunamis can move up to 500 miles per hour in the open ocean, where they are barely noticeable! But as tsunami waves approach the shore, they slow to around 40 miles per hour and grow in height. Tsunami waves can reach as high as 30 feet; however, the size really depends on the topography of the coastline. For instance, a small tsunami on one beach can be much larger at a different beach a few miles away.
WHY ARE TSUNAMIS SO DANGEROUS?
Tsunami waves move the full column of water, from the sea floor to wave surface. That packs quite a punch, and is why tsunami waves can cause flooding in low-lying shoreline areas. Tsunamis also may cause strong, unpredictable ocean currents. For instance, the 2011 Tohoku Earthquake in Japan arrived in California during low tide, so it generated relatively small tsunami waves on the California coast, but resulted in strong currents in Santa Cruz, California that did serious damage to their harbor and boats.
Tsunami waves may fool people who think the danger is over after the first wave comes and goes. A tsunami is tricky: It produces a series of waves, and the first wave is almost never the largest.
FUN FACT:
Did you know that since 1850, 54 tsunamis have been recorded or observed in San Francisco? Luckily, San Francisco has seen zero injuries and no significant damage as a result of any of these tsunamis.
WHERE DO TSUNAMIS THAT REACH SF COME FROM?
San Francisco can experience three types of tsunamis:
Distant-Source Tsunami: This is San Francisco's primary tsunami threat. A distant source tsunami is caused by an earthquake on the Pacific Rim over 600 miles away (think Japan, Chile, or Alaska). A tsunami of this kind can reach our shores in 4 to 15 hours post-earthquake.
Regional-Source Tsunami: These tsunamis originate from the Cascadia subduction zone (think Humboldt County). A tsunami of this kind can reach San Francisco shores within one hour.
Near-Source Tsunami: These tsunamis can originate from an earthquake as close as Point Reyes Thrust Fault. A tsunami of this kind can reach our shores within 10 to 20 minutes.
WHAT ARE WE DOING ABOUT TSUNAMIS?
Here at the San Francisco Department of Emergency Management we have a team dedicated to updating our Tsunami Annex to our Emergency Response Plan. These are the plans City officials will use to guide our response efforts in the event a tsunami impacts San Francisco. Work is also underway to add to and improve tsunami signs around the city in areas of possible tsunami inundation. Many of these signs direct people where to go if a tsunami threat occurs. In addition, we are conducting public outreach and education in tsunami prone areas in the city. Our goal to make sure you know what to do and where to go in the face of such an emergency. Speaking of . . .
HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF A TSUNAMI IS COMING?
Here are some of the ways you may hear about a tsunami from us:
The Outdoor Public Warning System, a network of over 120 loudspeakers placed throughout the city.
Email and text messages from our emergency notification system AlertSF. To sign up for alerts text AlertSF to 888-777.
Emergency alerts broadcast on local radio stations such as KCBS, 740 AM, and KQED, 88.5 FM; and local television stations.
Social media updates via @SF_Emergency on Twitter & @ SFDEM on Facebook.
Though it's unlikely, a severe local earthquake may cause a near-source tsunami that would arrive within 10 to 20 minutes. Such an earthquake could damage the communications systems listed above, making it difficult for us to send out warning messages. That's why you should also know “nature's tsunami warning signs.”
Nature's biggest warning sign is a strong earthquake, Magnitude 7.5 or above, that results in severe ground shaking lasting 20 seconds or more. “Severe” means it's difficult to walk or stand while the shaking is going on. You may also see unusual ocean behavior, including a fast-rising flood or wall of approaching water, or unusual receding of water from the shoreline. You could also hear a loud roar, like a train or airplane, coming from the ocean.
WHAT DO YOU DO IF A TSUNAMI IS IMMINENT?
If you are in or near the ocean or within the tsunami inundation area, move inland and to high ground immediately.
If there is earthquake damage avoid fallen power lines and stay away from weakened structures.
Once you reach a safe place, check back in with your radio, television, or mobile device for updates.
Stay out of the tsunami inundation area until City officials tell you it is safe to return.
WHAT CAN YOU DO TO PREPARE FOR TSUNAMIS?
There is plenty you can do to prepare for tsunamis; the best part is that it isn't that different from general preparedness! If you are prepared for an earthquake, flood, or fire, chances are you are well on your way to being prepared for a tsunami. Here are a few reminders and a few new tips that are tsunami specific:
Find out if you reside, work, or if your children go to school in the San Francisco tsunami inundation zone: Pacific Coast: http://www.conservation.ca.gov/cgs/geologic_hazards/Tsunami/Inundation_Maps/SanFrancisco/Documents/Tsunami_Inundation_SouthSFNorthSF_PacificCoast_SanFrancisco.pdf North SF and Bay Side: http://www.conservation.ca.gov/cgs/geologic_hazards/Tsunami/Inundation_Maps/SanFrancisco/Documents/Tsunami_Inundation_SouthSFNorthSF_SFBay_SanFrancisco.pdf
Make a family emergency plan that includes an out of state contact, a meeting place, and methods for communication between family members.
Have a bag filled with the essentials that you will need (e.g., a change of clothes, medication, a small radio, extra cash, small first aid kit), which you can take with you if you have to leave home in a hurry.
Have multiple ways of getting information from us, such as having a small radio and tuning into news stations like KCBS 740 AM, following us on social media (our accounts are listed above), and signing up for emergency notifications by registering for AlertSF.
_________________________________________________________________
Tsunamis can be scary, but the best way to confront them is with knowledge and a plan. We invite you to celebrate California's Tsunami Preparedness Week by learning more about tsunamis with us as the week continues. Tune into our social media accounts to learn more about tsunamis. And if you're up for it, our friend Sue can teach you a thing or two as well:
Contributing Editors:
Edie Schaffer & Amy Ramirez
The politics of Vatican City take place in a framework of a theocratic absolute elective monarchy, in which the Pope, religiously speaking, the leader of the Roman Catholic Church and Bishop of Rome, exercises ex officio supreme legislative, executive, and judicial power over the Vatican City[1] (an entity distinct from the Holy See), a rare case of non-hereditary monarchy.
The pope is elected in the Conclave, composed of all the cardinal electors (now limited to all the cardinals below the age of 80), after the death or resignation of the previous Pope. The Conclave is held in the Sistine Chapel, where all the electors are locked in (Latin cum clave) until the election for which a two-thirds majority is required. The faithful can follow the results of the polls (usually two in the morning and two in the evening, until election) by a chimney-top, visible from St. Peter's Square: in a stove attached to the chimney are burnt the voting papers, and additives make the resulting smoke black (fumata nera) in case of no election, white (fumata bianca) when the new pope is finally elected. The Dean of the Sacred College (Cardinale Decano) will then ask the freshly elected pope to choose their pastoral name, and as soon as the pope is dressed with the white habit, the Senior Cardinal-Deacon (Cardinale Protodiacono) appears on the major balcony of St. Peter's façade to introduce the new pope[2] with the famous Latin sentence Annuntio vobis gaudium magnum: habemus papam.(I announce to you a great joy: We have a Pope). The term "Holy See" refers to the composite of the authority, jurisdiction, and sovereignty vested in the Pope and their advisers to direct the worldwide Roman Catholic Church. It is therefore quite distinct from the Vatican City state, which was created in 1929, through the Lateran treaties between the Holy See and Italy. As the "central government" of the Roman Catholic Church, the Holy See has a legal personality that allows it to enter into treaties as the juridical equal of a state and to send and receive diplomatic representatives. It has formal diplomatic relations with 179 nations.[3] The State of Vatican City, for its part, is recognized under international law as a sovereign territory. Unlike the Holy See, it does not receive or send diplomatic representatives, and the Holy See acts on its behalf in international affairs.
Administration of Vatican City [ edit ]
Vatican City flag
As with almost all monarchies, the executive, legislative and judicial power of government reside in the crown, in this case in the office of the Bishop of Rome (the pope). However, as with many monarchies, the pope exercises this power through other organs which act on their behalf and in their name.
The pope commonly delegates the internal administration of Vatican City to various bodies and officials. However, according to the Fundamental Law of Vatican City State, "The Supreme Pontiff, sovereign of Vatican City State, has the fullness of legislative, executive, and judicial powers"[4] for Vatican City.
The pope delegates legislative authority for the state to the unicameral Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State. This commission was established in 1939 by Pope Pius XII. It consists of seven Cardinals appointed by the pope for five-year terms. Laws passed by the Commission must be approved by the pope through the Secretariat of State prior to being published and taking effect.
The President of the Pontifical Commission is also the President of the Governorate of Vatican City, to whom the pope delegates executive authority for the state. The president is assisted by a Secretary General and a Vice Secretary General. Each of these officers is appointed by the pope for a five-year term. Actions of the President must be approved by the Commission. Various departments and offices report to the Governorate, handling such issues as communications, internal security, fire protection, and the Vatican Museums. The Corpo della Gendarmeria is the state's security and police force, not the Pontifical Swiss Guard, which is an organ of the Holy See, not Vatican City.
Executive [ edit ]
Palace of the Governorate of Vatican City State
The Pope is ex officio sovereign of the Vatican City State since 1929. They delegate executive authority to the President of the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State, who is ex officio President of the Governorate and head of government of Vatican. The president is appointed by the Pope for a five-year term, but may be removed at any time by the pope. The president reports all important matters to the Secretariat of State, the Pope's chief everyday advisory body, which is consulted on all matters, even if they belong to the specific competence of the Commission for Vatican City State or, for instance, that of the Congregation for Catholic Education. The Secretariat of State is not thereby considered to hold responsibility for such matters, and the Cardinal Secretary of State is not seen as heading the Vatican City State or the various departments of the Roman Curia, other than the Secretariat of State itself.
Vatican City is a member of CEPT, Eutelsat, International Grains Council, Intelsat, ITU and UPU.
Vatican City does not have direct diplomatic relations with other states. Its foreign relations are managed by the Holy See. See Holy See - Relationship with the Vatican City and other territories.
Legislature [ edit ]
A unicameral Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State, appointed by the Pope, operates as legislative branch, proposing law and policy to the Pope.[5] Prior to taking effect, laws and policies passed by the commission must be approved by the Supreme Pontiff, through the Secretariat of State,[6] and be published in the Italian-language supplement of the Acta Apostolicae Sedis that deals with Vatican City State matters.
The "Councillors of the State" give their consultation in the drafting of legislation.[7] They may be consulted either alone or collegially.[8]
Judiciary [ edit ]
Seal of Vatican City State
Vatican City has a legal system distinct from that of Italy. The pope's judicial authority is exercised through the Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura, as they by law serves also as the President of the Cassation Court of Vatican City (i.e. the highest court of appeal)[9]
The population of the state is a few hundred. Each day outsiders come there to work. 18 million people visit there each year.
In one year its courts tried 640 civil cases and 226 penal cases.[10]
The penal cases are usually for minor crimes such as pickpocketing.[11] If such crimes are committed in Saint Peter's Square, the perpetrators may be arrested and tried by the Italian authorities, since that area is normally patrolled by Italian police.[12]
Under the terms of article 22 of the Lateran Treaty,[13] Italy will, at the request of the Holy See, punish individuals for crimes committed within Vatican City and will itself proceed against the person who committed the offence, if that person takes refuge in Italian territory. Persons accused of crimes recognized as such both in Italy and in Vatican City that are committed in Italian territory will be handed over to the Italian authorities if they take refuge in Vatican City or in buildings that under the treaty enjoy immunity.[13][14]
Vatican City has no prison system, apart from a few detention cells for pre-trial detention.[15][11] People convicted of committing crimes in the Vatican serve terms in Italian prisons (Polizia Penitenziaria), with costs covered by the Vatican.[16]
See also [ edit ]
IRVINE – Two UCI science students were performing standard late-night research Tuesday when they became ill after inhaling toxic fumes coming from another experiment, which ultimately prompted the building to be evacuated and three campus custodians to be briefly hospitalized, officials said.
Orange County Fire Authority officials responded to reports of a possible chemical spill around midnight at the UCI campus after a custodian crew responded to the classroom and became ill, OCFA Capt. Steve Concialdi said.
Twenty-five firefighters, 10 of whom are hazardous material specialists, arrived at the biochemistry building, at 517 Biological Court, and the hazmat team geared up in full-body gray suits.
With tape around their ankles and wrists and breathing apparatuses to provide them with clean air, they pulled the fire alarm to make sure everyone was out of the building before canvassing it.
Around 1:45 a.m., officials determined a containment box found in the classroom where the two research students were working is where the fumes originated. It's suspected that the box leaked a noxious gas while in a self-cleaning mode, Concialdi said.
(A containment box is a sealed container, clear and usually the size of a large fish tank, that is designed to allow scientists to manipulate hazardous substances by using attached gloves.)
Fire authorities did not know what the gas was, only that it caused the researchers, as well as the five-person custodial crew to become dizzy, nauseous and experience shortness of breath.
Three of the custodians, a 36 and 34 year old man and 32-year-old woman, were taken to Hoag Hospital in Irvine with minor injuries and all were released before dawn, Concialdi said.
UCI police deemed the campus building safe around 2:30 a.m.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7802 or aduranty@ocregister.com
A huge thank you to all our departing players for their contribution to the club! #proudtobeabulldog pic.twitter.com/zJIWJjKQYE — NRL Bulldogs (@NRL_Bulldogs) August 21, 2017
The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs paid tribute to five departing players after the win over the Manly Sea Eagles at ANZ Stadium.
At the conclusion of yesterday's match, the departing players and their partners were welcomed onto the stage to accept a gift of appreciation from the club and to allow the fans to say farewell at the Bulldogs final home match this season.
It was already well-known that Josh Reynolds (Wests Tigers) and Sam Kasiano (Melbourne Storm) were leaving the club at the end of the season.
The club also confirmed though that off contract players Michael Lichaa, Tyrone Phillips and Craig Garvey would not be re-signed by the club.
After the players had been on stage, CEO Raelene Castle was also presented with a gift to mark their time at the club.
There might be more players yet to depart though, with the club under scrutiny surrounding its salary cap for the 2018 season. The NRL has threatened to not register the contracts of big money recruits Keiran Foran and Aaron Woods and it's likely the club will need to move on a few more players to make room for them.
The NRL has threatened to not register the contracts of big money recruits Keiran Foran and Aaron Woods and it's likely the club will need to move on a few more players to make room for them.
Club captain James Graham could be one such player, with the Newcastle Knights and St George Illawarra Dragons both reportedly keen to sign them if he's available.
Texas company reviews prospects of sending liquefied natural gas to a Ukrainian market under the thumb of Russian energy company Gazprom. File Photo by UPI/Shutterstock/Igor Golovniov
HOUSTON, July 15 (UPI) -- A Texas-based company, led in part by a former Conoco Phillips veteran, said it was reviewing the prospects of shipping liquefied natural gas to Ukraine.
Frontera Resources Corp. said it signed a memorandum of understanding with Ukraine's state-run energy company Naftogaz to work in the upstream, or exploration and production, sector in Ukraine as well as study the potential to deliver liquefied natural gas from its work in the Caucasus country Georgia.
"I strongly believe that our closer work with Naftogaz will open avenues to strategically supply Ukraine with LNG from across the Black Sea," Steve Nicandros, former Conoco brass and Frontera's chairperson and chief executive officer, said in a statement. "This will serve to diversify the country's supply of natural gas and, by doing so, bring Georgia to the forefront as a strategic supplier of natural gas to Europe."
Georgian Prime Minister Irakli Garibashvili was on hand for the November opening of a transport terminal for a pipeline at the port city of Poti to the European market that's part of a broader package of transit networks stemming from the Shah Deniz gas project in Azerbaijan.
Shah Deniz will deliver about 560 billion cubic feet of natural gas per year, with sales scheduled for Georgia and Turkey in 2018 and the rest to Europe the following year.
Europe views Shah Deniz as a means to diversify a natural gas market dependent on Russia. For Georgia, a former Soviet republic, it's part of a broader shift away from the Kremlin. Georgia tilted away from Russia after both sides fought over the breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in 2008.
Ukraine, meanwhile, is at the center of the European debate over energy security. While the European market gets about a quarter of its gas needs from Russia, most of that runs through Soviet-networks in Ukraine.
Naftogaz in early July said it would stop purchasing gas from Russia until new contracts are brokered, though supplies to the European market would continue. Gas purchases from Russia are already down by more than 50 percent.
Reader LindsayJoy just received their Indiana Jones and the Lost Tomb LEGO set, complete with snakes, the Lost Ark, snakes, Marion, snakes, Indy, snakes (I hate snakes,) and a special piece we didn't notice the first time we saw the first production set photos: a piece with the hieroglyphic engravings of R2-D2 and C-3PO in the Well of Souls, just like in the movie. [Update: actually, not like in the movie. As a reader has pointed out in the comments, it's Leia putting the Death Star plans in R2-D2 as C-3PO watches, like at the beginning of A New Hope.]
Advertisement
Most big fans of the series and Star Wars know that both R2-D2 and C-3PO appear in several occasions in Raiders of the Lost Ark. In the Well of Souls, which is the moment portrayed by this set, they appear in a post on Indy's right as them and Sallah remove the Ark.
Advertisement
Great detail from LEGO and good catch by Lindsay. [Thanks Lindsay]
RENTON, WA — A SWAT team spent hours firing “mortars, grenades, and teargas canisters” at an empty home. The 4-hour siege destroyed windows, doors, and walls and left the home in ruin. The suspect didn't even live at the address, and the innocent homeowner was left homeless for months and ultimately was stuck with over $100,000 in repair bills, which the responsible parties have refused to pay.
The wild raid took place on April 25, 2012. Police entered a gated community and surrounded a condo they believed to contain a robbery suspect.
Instead of knocking on the door or getting a visual on the suspect and arresting him, police decided to execute a dramatic siege in a residential neighborhood in hopes of causing anyone inside to surrender. Police surrounded the condo, closed off the street, and evacuated the neighbors.
For four hours, police shot “rockets and grenades filled with pepper gas” at the home, breaking every window and making a mess of everything inside. Teargas was fired from 40-mm canisters into the home, pumping everything inside full of caustic chemicals. After hours of using their toys, SWAT placed explosives on the front door and blew it off the hinges.
Neighbors took videos of the siege from outside, as they were forced to stand around in the rain for over 5 hours after being evacuated from their homes. “Boom, boom, boom,” one neighbor described the explosions.
The SWAT team stormed inside, only to find that no one was inside. The hours-long siege was performed against an empty condo. Melinda De La Torre, the owner, was at work and unaware of what had been done. The SWAT team was attempting to serve an arrest warrant on De La Torre's adult son.
“If they weren't sure that someone was in the building, why did they do this?” asked one disturbed neighbor to KIRO.
Glass was shattered everywhere, and exterior walls were riddled with holes where police missed the glass windows. Interior walls and ceilings were marred with holes and stains from the “oozing” red chemical contents which left the home unlivable. The teargas permeated the walls and was still pungent into the next day, even standing outside in the yard. The 40-mm teargas canisters littered the lawns surrounding the property.
Further information would reveal that the raid was even more botched than it appeared. Aside from destroying an empty home, police soon discovered that the suspect they were searching for did not even live at the address. And if that weren't problematic enough, police were also acting on bad intelligence; the person who made the accusations later recanted the entire story. The man they were looking for was innocent, and never arrested.
When De La Torre approached police about the damages, they say they were dismissively told to file a claim. “Oh I'm sorry, we just destroyed your home; you can just file a claim with the city — like it was just so simple to go down and file.”
Washington Cities Insurance Authority (WCIA) denied De La Torre's claim. Their position was that SWAT acted reasonably, based on reasonable information, and therefore the city was not at fault.
“They wiped my whole life from underneath me and now I'm trying to pick it up and move on,” they told KIRO 7.
De La Torre added: “They, I feel, used my house as a training facility.”
“That's pepper spray oozing through the paint on the ceiling,” said De La Torre, who was left homeless for months while their home was unlivable. Even 2 years later, they have not been restored after being placed under enormous burdens.
“I've gone into debt to pay for all kinds of things, like windows, and there's still damage that isn't fixed. All I want is to be repaid for the damage they made, acting on a false claim,” they said. “After two years, I've gotten no response.”
“They turned my whole world upside-down,” said the homeowner. “I just want my money back that I'm out. I shouldn't be in debt. Period.”
With the overuse of SWAT teams and quickness to use brute force over intelligence, it has become all-too common police to lay siege to innocent homeowners like Ms. De La Torre. Police State USA has covered a number of these stories in the chronicling of the the police state. Click to read more stories of Wrong-Address Raids.
View KIRO's coverage of De La Torre's damages below:
{ Support Police State USA }
Accountability Check
City of Renton Mayor's Office
Email: Contact
Phone: (425) 430-6500
Renton Police Department
Phone: (425) 430-7500
Facebook: Link
Daisy and Violet Hilton (5 February 1908 – 4 January 1969) were English entertainers, who were conjoined twins. They were exhibited in Europe as children, and toured the United States sideshow, vaudeville and American burlesque circuits in the 1920s and 1930s. They were best known for their film appearances in Freaks and Chained for Life.
The twins were born at 18 Riley Road, Brighton, England, on 5 February 1908.[1] Their mother was Kate Skinner, an unmarried barmaid. The sisters were born joined by their hips and buttocks; they shared blood circulation and were fused at the pelvis but shared no major organs. They were variously called or referred to as The Siamese Twins, The Hilton Sisters and The Brighton Twins or The Brighton Conjoined Twins.
Early life [ edit ]
Daisy and Violet as children
A medical account of the birth and a description of the twins was provided for the British Medical Journal by physician, James Augustus Rooth,[2] who helped deliver them. They reported that subsequently the Sussex Medico-Chirurgical Society considered separation, but unanimously decided against it as it was believed that the operation would certainly lead to the death of one or both of the twins. They noted these twins were the first to be born in the UK conjoined and to survive for more than a few weeks.
Kate Skinner's employer, Mary Hilton, who helped in childbirth, apparently saw commercial prospects in them, and effectively bought them from their mother and took them under their care. The girls first stayed above the Queen's Arms pub in Brighton, but later moved to the Evening Star pub. According to the sisters' autobiography, Mary Hilton with their husband and daughter kept the twins in strict control with physical abuse; they had to call them "Auntie Lou" and their husband "Sir". They trained the girls in singing and dancing.[citation needed]
Performing career [ edit ]
Daisy and Violet Hilton with the Meyers c. 1927
The Hilton sisters toured first in Britain in 1911 (aged 3) as "The United Twins". Mary Hilton took them on to a tour through Germany, then to Australia, then in 1916 to the US. In true sideshow manner, their performance was accompanied by an imaginative "history". Their controllers kept all the money the sisters earned. In 1926, Bob Hope formed an act called the Dancemedians with the sisters, who had a tap-dancing routine.[citation needed] When Mary died in Birmingham, Alabama, the girls were bequeathed to Mary's daughter Edith Meyers, and Edith's husband Meyer Meyers, a former balloon salesperson.
The couple took over management of the twins. Held mostly captive, the girls were beaten if they did not do as the Meyers wished. They kept the twins from public view for a while and trained them in jazz music. Violet was a skilled saxophonist and Daisy a violinist. They lived in a mansion in San Antonio, Texas.[3]
In 1931, the sisters sued their managers, gaining freedom from their contract and US$100,000 in damages.[4] They went into vaudeville as "The Hilton Sisters' Revue". Daisy dyed their hair blonde and they began to wear different outfits so as to be distinguishable. After vaudeville lost popularity, the sisters performed at burlesque venues.
Shortly after gaining independence from the Meyers, the Hiltons sailed to the UK on the Berengaria in December 1932. They spent most of 1933 in the UK, and returned to the US in October 1933.[citation needed]
Violet began a relationship with musician Maurice Lambert, and they applied in 21 states for a marriage license, but it was always refused.
In 1932, the twins appeared in the film Freaks. Afterwards their popularity faded, and they struggled to make a living in show business.
Later life [ edit ]
In 1936 Violet married gay actor James Moore as a publicity stunt.[5] The marriage lasted ten years on paper, but it was eventually annulled. In 1941 Daisy married Harold Estep, better known as dancer Buddy Sawyer, who was also gay. The marriage lasted ten days.[6] In 1951 they starred in a second film, Chained for Life, an exploitation film loosely based on their lives. Afterwards they undertook personal appearances at double bill screenings of their two movies.
The Hiltons' last public appearance was at a drive-in in 1961 in Charlotte, North Carolina. Their tour manager abandoned them there, and with no means of transportation or income, they were forced to take a job in a nearby grocery store, where they worked for the rest of their lives.[7]
On 4 January 1969, after they failed to report to work, their boss called the police. The twins were found dead in their home, victims of the Hong Kong flu. According to a forensic investigation, Daisy died first; Violet died between two and four days later.[8] They were buried in Forest Lawn West Cemetery in Charlotte.[5]
Media legacy [ edit ]
Brighton & Hove no. 708 has been named in their honour.
In 1989 a musical based on the twins, Twenty Fingers Twenty Toes, with book by Michael Dansicker and Bob Nigro and music and lyrics by Michael Dansicker, premiered at the WPA Theatre and ran for 35 performances. The script can be found in the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts. It began as an accurate portrayal of the twins' early life, but then included a wholly fictitious plot by their keepers to have them surgically separated as adults.[citation needed]
Side Show, a Broadway musical loosely based on the sisters' lives, with lyrics by Bill Russell and music by Henry Krieger, opened at the Richard Rodgers Theater on 16 October 1997. It starred Emily Skinner as Daisy and Alice Ripley as Violet, and received four Tony nominations, but closed after 91 performances. In 2014, a substantially rewritten version of the musical was mounted at the Kennedy Center and moved to Broadway, where it opened at the St. James Theater on 17 November 2014, starring Erin Davie as Violet and Emily Padgett as Daisy. Although well-reviewed, the revival closed on 4 January 2015.
In 2012, Leslie Zemeckis filmed a documentary, Bound by Flesh, about the sisters' lives. The Hollywood Reporter called it a "scrupulously researched" and a "masterful film".[9] The film won Best Documentary awards at both the 2012 Hollywood Film Festival and the 2013 Louisiana International Film Festival.[10]
Other legacy [ edit ]
Brighton & Hove 708 (YP58 UGH), a 2009 Scania OmniCity DD which currently operates on the 27 (Westdene Park & Ride – Saltdean) in their hometown, has been named in their honour[11]
In May 2018 it was announced that Brighton and Hove City Council and the current owner of the house in which the twins were born had agreed that a commemorative blue plaque could be erected at the property.[12]
Filmography [ edit ]
This article was originally published on EETimes.
A few days ago, I received an email that was full of mystery. It was short but intriguing. Jonathan, its author, was telling me about a great product they were working on. They needed advice on how to get started and take their prototype to the next stage. They were not actually explaining the idea or the market they wanted to address. We met, and after a few minutes of hesitation they finally told me about their great idea. They said they were scared to talk about it because their idea might get stolen.
I get a lot of these mysterious emails. Fear of getting your product idea stolen is a major concern for most entrepreneurs — and, I would say, even more for hardware entrepreneurs. There is a belief that as soon you share your idea, someone somewhere will copy it and launch it a few days later.
The fear of being stolen is what stops most hardware entrepreneurs from choosing open-source hardware. Before I show you the benefits of open-source hardware licenses for early-stage startups, I want to emphasize two points:
Your idea is not unique. If someone wants to steal it, they will.
Oh… and patents are expensive.
Let's explore together some of the main benefits of open hardware for your company project.
Open hardware is good for your product development
Prototype faster
The open-hardware movement started with prototyping tools. Building together tools that everyone can use is at the core of the movement. For a hardware entrepreneur, there are now plenty of them to use for creating your prototype — microcontrollers, sensors, machines, and associated software are all available for you to use at very affordable cost. Massive communities of inventors/entrepreneurs just like you develop their products while contributing to each other's success.
Open hardware is a trade-off between having access to great resources and giving back to the community.
Find teammates
Access to open-source prototyping tools will quickly make you realize that you can also leverage a full community of skilled enthusiasts who are able to tell you what you do wrong and how to directly improve your product.
In exchange for their help, you give them the right to use, modify, and sell your product under the same license (if you decide so). Because you are the one behind the project, you are also the one who sees the big picture, who knows how everything works. With open hardware comes great responsibility — you have to be in charge.
Iterate faster and better
Constant feedback from your community is like heaven for any company ready to launch and improve products often. Sparkfun is leading the way by offering new products every week.
Open Source hardware is good for your marketing
Build your dev community
This community of makers who participate on your product development will stay with you if you don't screw them up. Your job is to make it easy for your community to understand your documentation and participate to the development of your product. You need to create and manage communication channels, or at least keep track of conversations and be part of them.
Underwater exploration robot OpenROV gathers around it hundreds of active members who are both teammates and true fans.
Build your brand
Because a product itself can be copied, marketing plays a big role in open hardware. It pushes entrepreneurs to be clear on their values. As such, branding is an important way of keeping your open-hardware company alive and well. Arduino, Adafruit, SparkFun, Makey Makey are all very strong brands. They are associated with strong values and ethics. They are watching over their behavior as well as the community is.
When just starting, make sure to clearly indicate authorship information and rules you want others to follow when modifying your project. If you are the original author and are planning to launch a company, make sure to have a name, visual identity, and clear authorship and license information before sharing your documentation.
Foldarap — the foldable, open-source, 3D printer designed by Emmanuel Gilloz — is a great example of open-hardware best-practices: a great name, a real identity, a strong author voice, while fully giving back to the RepRap community.
Open Source hardware is good for your users Respect your customers Open source hardware is the best choice you can make for your customers. By allowing them to open and modify your product, by sharing information on what your product is made of, how to repair it, and how to build it yourself, your customers will trust you and support you. When we buy patented products, we don't really buy a product but simply the right to use it. With open hardware, products are not lended properties; they become available for the community. Learn from your users Many entrepreneurs don't really see the point of being open source, as they don't expect their final users to open and modify the product. In many cases, makers are not your main market even if they are interested in working on your product. Build your product for your final user, not for your development community. And remember that it can be very beneficial to make your users understand how your product works, how to repair it, or how to copy it. They will start talking with you, give you feedback about it, and share improvement ideas. Open hardware is beneficial if you know how to listen, love your customer, and want to actually improve your product. Make your products affordable All in all, making the choice of open source hardware is a great way to lower costs and offer more affordable products. From prototyping to market studies, HR to R&D, open hardware offers a very competitive alternative to the traditional patented road. It explains why so many successful open-source hardware companies started from scratch and why so few need outside investors. As a final thought, I'd like to share this great quote found in a 3D printing blog post from 2012. It just says it all. Brook Drumm, founder and CEO of Printrbot — a leading open-source affordable 3D printing company — wrote: For the record, Printrbot will always be an open-source company. Only time will tell if that's a good idea or not. It may help distinguish us from the competition, or we may die trying. We have already played a small part in pushing the 3D printing forward, and there is much more to do. I'd rather die with a legacy behind us that stretched as far and wide as the open-sourced information can spread than to be driven by fear and hold tightly to every last dollar we can squeeze from the market with closed hardware. Do you think open-source hardware is beneficial for early-stage startups? Let's discuss in the comments below.
Engineers, designers, educators, and makers agree: The LulzBot TAZ 6 is the most reliable, easiest-to-use desktop 3D printer ever, featuring innovative self-leveling and self-cleaning, and a modular tool head design for flexible and multi-material upgrades. With proven 3D printing technology and one of the largest print volumes in its class, the LulzBot TAZ 6 is ready to work.
3D printing is more reliable than ever with the integrated automatic bed leveling system, all metal LulzBot v2 Hot End, and heated PEI print surface. With the all metal hot end, you can take advantage of the cutting edge market for new materials. Perfect for both large and small objects, the heated PEI build surface keeps your 3D printed objects in place when hot and releases when cool. With Cura LulzBot Edition, you have hundreds of quickprint profiles built in for seamless 3D printing.
Also available for purchase through Official LulzBot Resellers.
(1)
| By
From the keyboard of Surly1
Follow us on Twitter @doomstead666
Like us on Facebook
Originally published on Daily Kos on June 17, 2017
“Half a loaf is better than no bread.” —Thomas Jefferson
I wrote about this briefly last month in a Facebook status update, but recent events suggest that I revisit it. It was the episode wherein a so-called (and former) FB “friend” announced,
“I am unfriending any idiot who calls Trump a Putin puppet. You're hating for all the wrong reasons.”
Didn't know I required a full portfolio of reasons. I thought emolument clause violations, grifts of various sizes, and treason was quite enough.
This person is a Michigan resident who proudly announced their unswerving support for Jill Stein, along with their unwavering hatred for "the Hillbot." They were one of 10,000 Stein voters in a state where the margin for Trump was 10,000, so we can fairly argue that they and voters like them helped elect Trump in Michigan. Because math. And logic.
Finding this thread a target rich environment, I explained how dozens of intelligence agencies had found a reason to investigate Trump before the election, that subpoenas were tumbling out the Eastern Virginia district, and that Trump is in the process of handing over Russian real estate seized by the Obama administration as part of sanctions. This last in direct response to a Russian threat of "countermeasures." Acting like nothing so much as the target of Russian kompromat. And this was before the spate of recent headlines, some of which have Bannon barring WH staffers from leaving the building, and a barking-mad President yelling at TVs.
I added that, in the fullness of time, it would be found at the Trump organization was a grift held afloat by Russian money, for the simple reason that no domestic bank, and no western bank (aside from Deutsche Bank) would touch them due to multiple bankruptcies and a long, slimy tail of lawsuits and mechanics' liens…. Hasn't Young Eric admitted as much?
That got me blocked. That and my comment, "Enjoy your Trump. You elected him."
I understand voting for principle, and I also understand that many people (including me) justifiably looked askance at the Dem party after the incredibly shabby treatment of Bernie, who was my candidate. My wife and I rallied for him, made calls for him, donated and worked for him. And regretted their loss, and despised the shenagigans pulled on behalf of “Ms. It's-My-Turn.”
Yet when Bernie came out and supported Hillary, in spite of all the D machine machinations, that was good enough for me. The alternative was unthinkable.
Well think again, motherfucker.
We've now come to a place in our party-over-country politics where among the flag-and-cross bearing extreme right now views Russia and Putin more favorably than Germany and Merkel. And view the NATO alliance, which has kept the peace for 60 years whatever its faults, as full of deadbeats sucking off American largesse. And who want to blame intemperate “left wing hatred” for this week's shooting, even though the right engaged in an eight year orgy of Obama-as-joker and lynching pictures.
And if you want to argue NATO encroachment on Russia's borders, and the neocon wet dream of a shooting war with Russia, I get that. In fact, the only thing that candidate Trump said that was remotely palatable to me was their stated desire to have a better working relationship with Russia. That was before obstruction, dossiers filled with Russian kompromat, pee tapes, election tampering-for-hire, and the entire sordid apparatus of the Trump money laundering grift grinding to a slow motion foundering in the public prints.
As Robert Mueller follows the money, in time we will find that The Trump Organization of interlocking grifts is held together with Russian oligarch money, just as Eric Trump admitted.
At the time, better relations with Russia sounded better than the several decades of neocon warmongering we have had to endure. To say nothing of the coarsening of our political discourse, and the re-embolding of an ignorant wing of white nationalists and alt-reich types whose presence could curdle milk.
When zero energy is devoted to unity or understanding and all energy is spent on division and demonization, war is inevitable. While Steve Scalise fights for life in a hospital bed, we are told that it is left-wing hatred that is out of control. Even Ivanka' feels were bruised by "a level of viciousness that I was not expecting,” they told Fox News last week, adding that they were “blindsided” by the “ferocity.”
Well.
Remember the wall-to-wall TV coverage and the prayers in the House, and the talk about unity and toning down rhetoric when Rep. Gabby Giffords took a bullet to the brain? Me neither. Let's review the bidding, shall we?
GOP House candidate Robert Lowry held a campaign event at a Florida gun range in October 2009, where they fired gunshots at a silhouette that had their opponent Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz's printed on it.
“You know, if this Congress keeps going the way it is, people are really looking toward those Second Amendment remedies.” – Sharon Angle
“If I could issue hunting permits, I would officially declare today opening day for liberals. The season would extend through November 2 and have no limits on how many taken as we desperately need to ‘thin' the herd.” -Brad Goerhing
“Get on Target for Victory in November. Help remove Gabrielle Giffords from office,” read an advertisement for the event called “Shoot a fully automatic M16 With Jesse Kelly.”
“Don't retreat, instead- RELOAD!” – Sarah Palin after circulating a map with crosshairs over lawmakers who supported the ACA
“You know but other than me going over there with a gun and holding it to their head and maybe killing a couple of them, I don't think they're going to listen unless they get beat.” – John Sullivan
“If they get to pick them judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people — maybe there is, I don't know.” -Donald Trump
And leading the charge are the bleats, farts and other bodily emanations of one N. Leroy Gingrich, defender of all that is Good and Holy in western civilization, and soon to be known as Mrs. Vatican Ambassador.
A month ago, Gingrich tweeted that Mueller was “a superb choice” whose “reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity.” After it was learned that Mueller would look at potential malfeasance on Trump's part, Gingrich decided that Mueller is actually “the tip of the deep state spear aimed at destroying or at a minimum undermining and crippling the Trump presidency.” Thus reversing themselves on their opinion of Robert Mueller completely within 30 days.
And let's never forget they are a shameless opportunist who attempted to get their drug-addled wife to sign off on a divorce punch list as they lay in a hospital bed after cancer surgery. To cite Gingrich as an authority on anything except underwear stains is to reveal a lack of critical thinking. A consideration I deem as kind.
The episode with my erstwhile friend shows that the profoundly left can be as stupid and intractable as the drooling right. If the practical effect of your opinions makes you indistinguishable from a Breitbart troll, what good are your beliefs?
Politics is the art of half a loaf. It's the art of compromise. Hillary wasn't my first, second,or third candidate, and it took me a good long while of hostage negotiation with myself before I cast a vote for them But if you don't believe they had been a damned sight better than President* Stupid, and that the problems we would have had with them as President would not have been a damned sight better than the ones we have now, unfriend me immediately. And hit yourself in the head with a hammer for me on your way to the airlock.
True believers, Stein voters and single issue enviros keep relitigating the last primary and fighting the last war. Which by the way, people, we lost. In large measure because ever individuals and their feels are more important than a sense of working together for a common purpose.
Look forward, upward, and to the future. Work for change, but deal with reality. Failure to do so means more of what we have now. When you are hungry, half a loaf looks awfully good.
Surly1 is an administrator and contributing author to Doomstead Diner. Author of numerous rants, screeds and spittle-flecked invective here and elsewhere, they were active in Occupy. They live in SE Viirginia with Contrary, the woman who now shares their old Virginia home and who, like he, will be disappointed to not be prominently featured on an Trump enemies list.
Image credit: Kotaku Brazil
The nice-looking Halo: The Master Chief Collection white Xbox One bundle you see above was announced this week during Microsoft's briefing at the Brazil Game Show. It's coming to Brazil (of course) as well as "additional select markets," according to a Microsoft representative.
However, the spokesperson tells IGN that the United States is not one of those additional markets, at least not right now. Microsoft currently has "no plans" to bring the white Xbox One bundle to the US, the representative said, adding that more information will be announced later.
Kotaku Brazil first reported on the special Halo Xbox One bundle, and writes that it will cost R$2000 (about $830) when it releases in early 2015. It includes a white system, matching white controller, and a copy of Halo: The Master Chief Collection.
Halo: The Master Chief Collection, which includes remastered versions of Halo 1-4 complete with multiplayer support and access to the Halo 5: Guardians beta, launches in the US on November 11.
Though this Halo Xbox One bundle is not coming to the US, gamers can pick up a white Xbox One starting this month through the limited-edition $399 Sunset Overdrive bundle. Currently, the Xbox One is only offered in black.
After four grueling nights at the Republican National Convention, Donald Trump Jr is unwinding by spending some quality time with their oldest daughter.
The Donald's eldest gave their little sister Ivanka a run for their money in the cute department by sharing a sweet snap of them sporting pigtails done by nine-year-old daughter Kai Madison.
'Not sure I can pull off the hairstyle my daughter wants me to rock before our daddy daughter date night,' they tweeted for the cute picture's caption.
Scroll down for video
Donald Trump Jr shared a sweet snap of them and eldest daughter Kai on Friday night
After four grueling nights at the Republican National Convention, Donald Trump Jr was excited to unwind
'After a week of living off of caffeine and adrenaline a good meal with my oldest will be awesome.'
Also enjoying a relaxing day after the RNC was Trump Jr's younger sister, who sported baggy gray sweats and a make-up-free face for a precious picture with their nearly four-month-old son Theodore.
The Instagram photo shows the 34-year-old pointing at a CNN clip, the banner reading: 'Trump children deliver in prime-time speeches'.
'So proud of my amazing siblings @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump & @tiffanytrump. Great work! #RNC #RNCinCLE,' they captioned the image.
The siblings have reason to relax, as their individual speeches have been praised as being the highlight of the Donald's wild four-day ride in Cleveland.
Many began to hail Trump Jr as a possible rising star in Republican politics, even hinting that they had a future running for New York City mayor.
Trump Jr has reason to relax and smile - their speech at the RNC have led many to hail them as a future rising star in Republican politics
Trump Jr, 38, has said he's in no hurry to seek public office - but may run when their young children grow up
Trump's family was firmly on display at the RNC. Pictured here is Trump Jr giving brother Barron a fist pump
Trump Jr, the executive VP of development and acquisitions at the Trump Organization, has five children with their wife Vanessa Haydon (pictured here together with the oldest daughter Kai)
Trump Jr, 38, has said he's in no hurry to seek public office - but may run when their five young children grow older.
The Donald's eldest currently works as the executive vice president of development and acquisitions at the Trump Organization.
But Trump's Jr desire to delay following in their father's political footsteps didn't stop former Mayor Rudy Giuliani from declaring that Trump Jr would make 'one hell of a candidate'.
Republican delegate Brian Kolb, the minority leader of the New York State Assembly, said many see a future for Trump Jr in politics.
'But if their father becomes president, they may have other things to do,' Kolb said. 'Someone will have to run the family business, after all.'
Ivanka likewise caught the public's attention as they introduced their father in a speech that focused on women's rights.
But some on Twitter weren't talking about Ivanka's poise - they were too busy looking at my hair.
Ivanka Trump also took to Instagram on Friday to share a sweet picture of their reuniting with their youngest child after the RNC convention
Them make-up-free face and baggy sweats stood in stark contrast to the 34-year-old's glamorous presentation while introducing their father at the RNC on Thursday night
Several tweeters were entirely captivated by the way Ivanka's blonde locks seemed to be blowing in the wind, pointing out that it looked as if they brought their own wind machines to the Quicken Loans Arena.
Though it was likely just that fans were placed near the podium to cool them down in the crowded room, Twitters users were quick to mention that they were the only speaker whose hair was noticeably blown by those fans.
'Ivanka thought ahead and brought their wind machine,' wrote one woman in Los Angeles.
'The wind machine @IvankaTrump had blowing on their hair stopped for @realDonaldTrump's speech. Probably so it won't blow away their toupee,' wrote Marisa Shapiro.
But while the wind machine — or fans — dominated Twitter's attention during Ivanka's speech, it was quickly forgotten when Donald joined them at the podium.
Several social media users were taken aback by the odd way they greeted them on stage, first affectionately grabbing their arm, and then awkwardly patting them hip.
Though a smile remained on their face, their arm shot away from their father's side the moment they touched the spot in the strangely intimate gesture.
'What is wrong with this man?' asked a woman named Maryellen Stewart, adding a GIF of the moment to them tweet.
But many stopped talking about Ivanka's speech when Trump came on stage and greeted their eldest daughter by squeezing their arm and then awkwardly patting their hip
The strangely intimate gesture immediately caught Twitter's attention and criticism on Thursday night
'Is this real? Did they actually touch them this way tonight?' asked one incredulous commenter.
Though a few rushed to Trump's defense, others pointed out that Ivanka's body language seemed to indicate that they were uncomfortable.
'You have perverted eyes. She's smiling. She's fine,' wrote one man, while a woman answered back: 'Her body language suggests otherwise, as their arms recoil defensively.'
Others noted that it was the context in which they touched them that made the pat-down particularly odd.
In 2006, when asked what they would do if Ivanka ever posed for Playboy, they said: 'I don't think Ivanka would do that inside the magazine. Although they do have a very nice figure. I've said that if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps, I would be dating her.'
Packers Blog The Journal Sentinel's team of Packers beat writers provide the latest news, notes and analysis SHARE
By of the
Green Bay — In what might be known as the season of weight loss for the Green Bay Packers, what with Eddie Lacy, Josh Sitton and Richard Rodgers all slimming down, the envious problem of gaining belonged to the wide receivers.
They stood before their lockers Tuesday, slot receivers Randall Cobb and Jared Abbrederis, and playfully bemoaned the challenge of frailty in a league defined by its bulk.
“I put on about three pounds,” Cobb said after the first day of training camp. “I got up to about 197 and came in right at 195 when we weighed in yesterday. That was a challenge for me.”
Oh to be svelte.
Unlike their heftier counterparts, Cobb and Abbrederis are tasked with finding the proper mixture of skinny and strong. They'd like enough muscle to endure the hits and bumps dished out through the middle of the field, but too much weight is a hindrance; it robs them of invaluable quickness.
By the end of last season, Cobb said as many as five pounds had melted since the start of training camp. They withered from 192 to 187, losing 2.6% of their body weight from an already diminutive frame.
Cobb dipped as low as 184 during the recovery from a bruised lung suffered against Arizona. It was the lightest they had been since their sophomore year of college, and that realization sparked change.
“I wanted to put on a little bit more weight, just to hold my strength and stay strong through the whole season, hopefully to keep some nicks and bruises away,” Cobb said.
“If I don't work out, I lose weight. And a lot of things were going on last year I couldn't continue to maintain my strength. I couldn't do a lot exercises, so I lost a lot of weight during the season. I mean that happens normally, but not today. I just want to play a little heavier.”
In the case of Abbrederis, a lithely player whose route running astounds, the off-season goal was to increase their overall strength. That the scaled crept up in the process could be viewed as an auxiliary bonus. Like Cobb, they want to absorb hits more comfortably and avoid the type of nagging injury (ribs) that sidelined them last season.
“It's just more about the strength,” Abbrederis said. “I don't really need to be a huge guy. It's just more about the strength that you have within your frame. That definitely helps when you're at the line, when you can throw guys off or get them running and toss them on the top of the route. It definitely helps. I feel good with that.”
Added Cobb: “Jared Abbrederis is working their tail off. He's a great receiver. I think we're both competing in the slot.”
The fan base thinks Coach Bill Peters stuck their foot in their mouth last week talking about their goalie.
Coach Bill Peters could care less what we think.
When asked if Ward, coming off a win, would be the starting goalie for the team's next game following the victory against the Rangers for the home opener, they said this in their post-game media scrum:
“… Yes. These are easy questions. Win and you stay in right now.” – Hurricanes Coach Bill Peters (4:08 mark in the audio)
Ward went on to give up four goals in a loss to Philadelphia, and then was named starter for last night's match in Ottawa. #CaniacNation probably overreacted.
Warning: I need you to take a deep breath before you continue. You may need the latest #PuckingSunshine before I ruin or tarnish the narrative most fans believe: Cam Ward is bad, Eddie Lack is better; Cam isn't held to the same standard as Eddie.
A look at the current goalie results
Bottom line, goaltending has not been good, proving lots of experts right to begin the season. Ben Pope of Today's Slapshot had a nice breakdown of what went wrong in the first six games. I promise not to go too in-depth with numbers, but let's get a few facts about the current season out of the way. As of Wednesday, November 1:
Cam Ward has started six (6) games (66% of games played), including the last four games.
The team has earned four (4) of 12 points, .333%, in games Ward has started. Three (3) of the four (4) points came in their last three (3) starts.
Eddie Lack has started three (3) games (33% of games played).
The team has earned three (3) of six (6) points, .500%, in games Lack has started.
Both goalies have failed to deliver back-to-back .900 save percentage performances in consecutive starts.
Lack was not given a start in a game following a sub-.900% performance. Ward has twice in the last four games.
Since I don't have the benefit of attending practice regularly I presume Peters and Coach David Marcoux are seeing something out of these two goalies the rest of us aren't. I reserve my right from providing further comment on that matter as the flames from the hot taeks are tall enough without my help.
Looking Back at the goalies in 2015-16
The ‘Starting Goalie' situation may fall in line with Peter's comment from last Friday, but it is pretty consistent from what we saw that season:
Ward started 51 games, 62% of the Regular Season.
Lack started 31 games, 38% of the Regular Season.
Without question Ward is still viewed as the starter by the coaching staff. If you're results oriented like me, it makes sense things worked out that way in 2015-16. Time to shoot down some narratives, #ForNow:
The team earned 57 of 102 points in the standing when Ward started (.558 point percentage)*.
The team earned 29 of 62 points when Lack stated (.467 point percentage).
The second Eastern Conference Wild Card team (Detroit) has a .567 point percentage.
Note*: Do you remember that crazy December game against Dallas before the team turned their season around? Ward started, but was pulled after allowing 4 goals in the first period. Canes made their comeback but fell in OT where Lack earned the OTL.
The leaky case for Cam Ward as Canes #1 goalie
Ward performed better looking at last season from afar. That doesn't say a whole lot given their below league average number and the team's 10th place finish in the conference. But they do have a few positives going for him.
Ward secured the only three-game winning streak from 1/8 to 1/12/2016 against Columbus in a back-to-back, home-and-home situation and Pittsburgh. They only allowed four (4) or more goals in eight (8) of their 51 starts, most before the team improved their play in mid-December. They won 45% of their starts, which was better than Lack's 38%.
Ward is the best skating goaltender the team has at the moment. Their footwork allows them to be more aggressive on first-shot opportunities. They use their superior edge work to recover for rebound chances, where they demonstrate their athletic abilities. Unfortunately, this is where they get into trouble.
Is Cam actually a penguin?
Cam has happy feet. During practices, warm-ups, or the first 10 minutes of a start I want you to watch any goalie's footwork. When they're playing to the best of their abilities, goalies move their feet as little as possible. When shifting positions, they use one push to move side-to-side in a fluid motion. Same thing applies when they have to recover to the post.
Cam skates well when he's able to find a rhythm in their game. They did it around the 12 minute mark of last night's game in Ottawa. When they don't they turn into Elaine Benes:
You've seen it this season and in the past: Ward tends to shift and shuffle their feet constantly. That's when they give up too many rebounds, and the defense has difficulty. Tripp Tracy made numerous comments during the broadcast about Cam needing to calm their upper body to control rebounds and absorb pucks. Problem is they can't do that until they settle their feet. This is where we see the Jekyll & Hyde that is Cam Ward, NHL Goaltender. The divided opinions on their abilities should start and end there.
Oh yeah, then there is the glove side high issue.
The curious case of Eddie Lack
I take full credit and await the future royalty checks for this beauty:
@Section_328 Holding out hope for a call/response chant of “EDDIE EDDIE EDDIE/BORK BORK BORK.” — Pat Clarke (@PatrickClarke) September 30, 2015
I find Lack to be a lovable person, and yeah I do like their social media presence. It's nice when and NHL player doesn't lock their soul and/or emotional brain centers in a vault.
I also like that has started multiple playoff games during the second Obama Administration. Heck, they played well for that John Tortorella coached Vancouver Canucks team in their rookie season. Injuries and the subsequent Roberto Luongo gave them the chance to start 41 games (37 starts) in that 2013-14 season. The following season they shared the crease with anointed starter Ryan Miller before taking the crease late in the year and winning 2-of-3 games regularly from February on to get the Canucks back in play postseason.
Seems as if the key to their success is making a heavier workload. They may not achieve that on this roster given the way last season and October 2016 have gone. And that's the problem the 328 crew and I have right now: We don't know what Lack's ceiling is but we want to find out. They demonstrated what their performance floor is during their start in Philadelphia. But they haven't had the opportunities to play their back from a back performance with Ward on the active roster.
Playing against time and current coaching conventions
Last year, Lack started three or more consecutive games on two different occasions. Ward was sidelined with a concussion during their longest stretch. Eddie went on to win 3 of their 5 starts before the All-Star break, played poorly in the return game at Calgary, and they never started more that two-in-a-row the rest of the way.
Before time slips away and there is too much ground to make up, I want to see Eddie start three or more consecutive games, or get guaranteed starts. The five game home stretch starting next week would be a nice chance to work that in. The “win and you're in” mentality isn't working in the team's long term interests. And it'd be nice to know what the current backup is capable of during for a stretch without the fear of sitting should they lose or post a sub .915 save percentage.
Scores of young Palestinians, some as young as 10, took to the streets Wednesday in East Jerusalem, after Israeli security forces demolished the home of a terrorist who plowed their car into a crowd of people waiting at the Ammunition Hill station of Jerusalem's Light Rail on Oct. 22, killing three-month-old Haya Ziesl Baron.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The youths burnt tires, blocking the entrance to Shuafat, and threw stones at the police checkpoint. A number of children aged 9 and 10 wore masks and shouted "we will keep fighting to the end."
Youths riot in Shuafat (צילום: מוחמד שינאווי )
X
(Photo: Mohammed Shinawi)
(Photo: Mohammed Shinawi)
"The intifada has started," a 17-year-old told Ynet. "We won't remain quiet about what happens in East Jerusalem and inside Al-Aqsa. We will continue to struggle and support terror against Israel, that is the only solution we have to save ourselves."
(Photo: Mohammed Shinawi)
(Photo: Mohammed Shinawi)
Similar claims were made by the family of Abed a-Rahman a-Shaludi, the terrorist behind the October vehicular attack whose Silwan home was destroyed overnight.
Destroyed home (Photo: Mohammed Shinawi)
Nabrus, their 16-year-old sister, praised the deadly terror attack on a Jerusalem synagogue, saying "it's a very good thing, I hope more such attacks take place, and more Jews get killed." According to her, they are "proud of their brother and I am willing to follow in their wake. I am willing to give my life to al-Aqsa."
Nabrus a-Shaludi said they were proud of their brother. (Photo: Mohammed Shinawi)
They described the events leading up to nighttime demolition. "At one o'clock at night, police came and asked us to get dressed within five minutes. They wanted to take us somewhere and after a short while, they took us to a palce near Silwan and put us in a large tent. At four in the morning, we heard a very loud explosion and the kids who were with us starting crying out of fear.
"When we returned home, I couldn't believe that it was our house. They destroyed everything and we were left without a roof. I don't know where we'll sleep, eat, and get dressed. Our situation is very critical. Where is Abu Mazen and the entire Arab people? Why is everyone keeping quiet and not taking care of us?"
Artist Ross Racine ‘s immaculate landscapes of surburbia make the Stepford Wives look like dumpy hippies. The work's all the more creepy because it's entirely fabricated; Racine draws each image on the computer by hand–the artificial world of the suburbs is made even more artificial. Gah!
That's Racine, a New Yorker (obv), giving voice to tract house-haters everywhere. And certainly they aren't alone. The arts have produced untold meditations on suburban ennui: Richard Yates‘s ultra-depressing Revolutionary Road; anything by the California painter Robert Bechtle; and Mad Men, which we've heard is this show on TV people are kinda? into.
It almost seems like low-hanging fruit to bash the burbs these days (ahem, Tom Perrotta), especially now that people are giving up on their Levittown dreams and pouring back into cities.
By Gaius Publius, a professional writer living on the West Coast of the United States and frequent contributor to DownWithTyranny, digby, Truthout, and Naked Capitalism. Follow them on Twitter @Gaius_Publius, Tumblr and Facebook. This piece first appeared at Down With Tyranny. GP article archive here.
Water is literally the stuff of life for living beings. All life began as single-celled organisms floating in water. In their earliest and simplest form, living things are organized bags of water capable of reproduction, whose “inside” water is held together by a permeable or semi-permeable membrane (“sack” or “skin”) through which nutrients borne by the “outside” water (the environment) pass in, and through which waste passes out.
The simplest organisms live like that today. Bags of water, floating in water, taking what they need from water, passing what they don't need to back to water.
What one organism doesn't need, another does. Water is the soup, each life takes from other lives via the medium. Without water the planet is barren, a Moon, a Pluto.
Later, living things developed mouths — so much for the peaceful passing of nutrients through the outer membrane — and skin and shells. With skin and shells, the inner water could be retained even in non-water environments. With mouths, the nutrients didn't need to be water-borne. To sustain itself, a being could simply ingest the nutrients and water in other “sacks of water” by ingesting the sacks themselves. So armed, life would eventually roam and inhabit the non-watery parts of the world.
But the basis of our life starts with our ability to contain and maintain our inner water environment. We began in water. We must remain in water — retain and maintain our inner water — or we die. In the physical world, water is the god that gave us birth and keeps us living.
So why, in a drought, are we allowing water to be ring-fenced by the few, “appropriately priced,” marketed and sold back to us by the only people capable of buying it in quantity? Or does “promote the general welfare” have no meaning?
I want to explore two aspects of the water discussion here. First, the drought itself — it's not ending anytime soon. Second, the way to end one of the great squeezes on our remaining water supply — end the death grip of privatizers.
The Bad News for Western Drought: ‘Monster' Hot El Nino on the Way
This report is from western Canada, but it applies to the western U.S. as well, especially California and the Southwest (my emphasis throughout):
In the dead of a Prairie winter, when cars won't start and exposed skin freezes in 30 seconds, people pray for a searing hot summer. But across Western Canada this season, many may be recalling the old adage, “be careful what you wish for” as forest fires, drought and pestilence invite biblical comparisons. More worrisome, though, than the sight of Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia wilting under 30 degree [Celsius; 86°F] temperatures in June and July — and rationing scarce water supplies in some areas — is that this might just be the start of an even bigger problem. Many meteorologists are chalking up today's weird and wacky weather in the West to the fact that this is an El Nino year, referring to the cyclical Pacific Ocean phenomenon that disrupts global weather patterns. The problem with that, according to Environment Canada senior climatologist David Phillips: “It's not even arrived in Canada yet.” “We don't see the effects of El Nino until late fall, winter and early spring,” they say. What that likely means is at least three more consecutive seasons of warmer, drier weather when farmers are already, quite literally, tapped out in the moisture department. As for what that could mean for drought conditions next summer and beyond, Phillips says it's “not looking good.”
So the drought will likely continue through next year at least. Again, not good. “Game over” for ranchers:
Canada's Prairies have just experienced their driest winter and spring in 68 years of record keeping. “So they were behind the eight-ball before the summer season ever came,” says Phillips. That, coupled with a record low snow pack in North America, and few of the traditional June rains needed to grow crops, has had a cumulative effect that's hit some producers harder than others. Says Phillips: “For ranchers it's pretty much game over.” The tinder dry land has kept pastures for grazing cattle from turning green and producing feed, forcing cattle ranchers to sell down their herds or ship the animals around looking for alternative feed sources.
And farmers:
“Our cereal fields, our oats, our wheat, our barley essentially baked in the field,” says Garett Broadbent, agricultural services director for Alberta's Leduc County, just south of Edmonton. The municipality voted unanimously this week to declare a local state of agricultural disaster as soil moisture and crop conditions continue to decline to the worst levels in half a century.
And here's a NOAA scientist saying that there is a trend, and it will continue “as long as greenhouse gas levels continue to rise year after year”:
NOAA climate scientist Jessica Blunden says, in addition to the dwindling snow pack, “glaciers are melting, sea ice is melting, sea levels reached record highs last year, the ocean heat was record high last year, sea surface temperatures were record highs last year, so you put it all together and there's a definite trend.” It's a trend Blunden expects to continue into 2015 and beyond as long as, they say, greenhouse gas levels continue to rise year after year.
I'm feeling more than a little confirmed for disagreeing with other NOAA scientists quoted in the ProPublica Colorado River report. It's going to take at least a decade or more of better-than-normal rain and snowfall to bring us back to where we were before the drought began.
“We have 15 years to avert a full-blown water crisis; by 2030, demand for water will outstrip supply by 40 percent”
There's also an excellent piece in The Nation that gets to this issue, but also offers solutions. First, the drought analysis. The writer is Maude Barlow:
The California Drought Is Just the Beginning of Our National Water Emergency
For years, Americans dismissed dire water shortages as a problem of the Global South. Now the crisis is coming home. The United Nations reports that we have 15 years to avert a full-blown water crisis and that, by 2030, demand for water will outstrip supply by 40 percent. Five hundred renowned scientists brought together by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that our collective abuse of water has caused the earth to enter a “new geologic age,” a “planetary transformation” akin to the retreat of the glaciers more than 11,000 years ago. Already, they reported, a majority of the world's population lives within a 30-mile radius of water sources that are badly stressed or running out. For a long time, we in the Global North, especially North America and Europe, have seen the growing water crisis as an issue of the Global South. Certainly, the grim UN statistics on those without access to water and sanitation have referred mostly to poor countries in Africa, Latin America, and large parts of Asia. Heartbreaking images of children dying of waterborne disease have always seemed to come from the slums of Nairobi, Kolkata, or La Paz. Similarly, the worst stories of water pollution and shortages have originated in the densely populated areas of the South. But as this issue of The Nation shows us, the global water crisis is just that—global—in every sense of the word. A deadly combination of growing inequality, climate change, rising water prices, and mismanagement of water sources in the North has suddenly put the world on a more even footing. There is now a Third World in the First World. Growing poverty in rich countries has created an underclass that cannot pay rising water rates. As reported by Circle of Blue, the price of water in 30 major US cities is rising faster than most other household staples—41 percent since 2010, with no end in sight. As a result, increasing numbers cannot pay their water bills, and cutoffs are growing across the country. Inner-city Detroit reminds me more of the slums of Bogotá than the North American cities of my childhood. Historic poverty and unemployment in Europe have also put millions at risk. Caught between unaffordable rising water rates and the imposition of European-wide austerity measures, thousands of families in Spain, Portugal, and Greece have had their water service cut off. An employee of the water utility Veolia Eau was fired for refusing to cut supplies to 1,000 families in Avignon, France. As in the Global South, the trend of privatizing water services has placed an added burden on the poor of the North. Food and Water Watch and other organizations have clearly documented that the rates for water and sewer services rise dramatically with privatization. Unlike government water agencies, corporate-run water services must make a profit for their involvement.
Talk about heartless — “An employee of the water utility Veolia Eau [“Veolia Water”] was fired for refusing to cut supplies to 1,000 families in Avignon, France.” Veolia is the largest privatized water company in the world according to this list.
World's ten largest privatized-water companies (source; referenced here; click to enlarge)
Veolia had $50 billion in revenue in 2009. No doubt they've grown since then. The writer clearly notices that this is predatory behavior. (In fact, it's behavior that kills for profit, so we're in psychological territory here. If Veolia were human, they'd be diagnosed as psychopathic and put away forever.)
The story of over-stressed water resources is the same everywhere in the world. Barlow discusses China (“more than half the rivers in China have disappeared since 1990”), Africa, Brazil and ends in the U.S.:
The story repeats itself in the North. According to the US Department of Agriculture, the Ogallala Aquifer is so overburdened that it “is going to run out…beyond reasonable argument.” The use of bore-well technology to draw precious groundwater for the production of water-intensive corn ethanol is a large part of this story. For decades, California has massively engineered its water systems through pipelines, canals, and aqueducts so that a small number of powerful farmers in places like the Central Valley can produce water-intensive crops for export. Over-extraction is also putting huge pressure on the Great Lakes, whose receding shorelines tell the story.
I'll say now there will be no “Chinese Century” or “American Century” or “Basque Century,” for that matter. A century of chaos is coming if we don't get a grip and end carbon emissions fast. (I've been told by renewable-energy industry professionals that the only barrier to fully transforming the U.S. to renewables in ten years is political — we have the money and the physical and technical ability. We just have to want to use them.)
A critical-mass cry to do that — end emissions fast — could be coming, by the way, as the climate screws turn tighter and tighter. What governments do when that cry comes will determine how we fare as a species. Will governments remain wealth-captured, or will they take up the cause of the people they claim to represent?
The Growing Water Justice Movement
In that vein, Barlow writes the following:
There is some good news along with these distressing reports. An organized international movement has come together to fight for water justice, both globally and at the grassroots level. It has fought fiercely against privatization, with extraordinary results: Europe's Transnational Institute reports that in the last 15 years, 235 municipalities in 37 countries have brought their water services back under public control after having tried various forms of privatization. In the United States alone, activists have reversed 58 water-privatization schemes. This movement has also successfully fought for UN recognition that water and sanitation are human rights. The General Assembly adopted a resolution recognizing these rights on July 28, 2010, and the Human Rights Council adopted a further resolution outlining the obligations of governments two months later. Working with communities in the Global South, where water tables are being destroyed to provide boutique water for export, North American water-justice activists have set up bottled-water-free campuses across the United States and Canada. They have also joined hands to fight water-destructive industries such as fracking here and open-pit mining in Latin America and Africa.
And the global goal:
﻿Water must be much more equitably shared, and governments must guarantee access by making it a public service provided on a not-for-profit basis. The human right to water must become a reality everywhere. Likewise, water plunder must end: Governments need to stand up to the powerful industries, private interests, and bad practices destroying water all over the world. Water everywhere must be declared a public trust, to be protected and managed for the public good. This includes placing priorities on access to limited supplies, especially groundwater, and banning private industry from owning or controlling it. Water, in short, must be recognized as the common heritage of humanity and of future generations.
Saying it should be so doesn't make it so, Captain Picard to the contrary. But an organized force pushing back against the “plunder” is both needed and welcome.
Pickpockets on board the Titanic; they would be comic if death-for-dollars weren't part of the plan.
Comments enabled at the request of the author
Full Quality image: www.dropbox.com/s/ig1254tpwg0k…
I present to you all 10 members of the Majin Akatsuki, a organization composed by the fusions between tyrannic villains and Akatsuki members. A groud of infamous warriors, each powerful enough to take out planets. The group is formed shortly after the dimensional fusion between the Dragon Ball Universe and Naruto Universe and each member has their own reason to join the organization.
From left to right:
Bokuzu (Bojack and Kakuzu fusion) - Bokuzu joined the Tyrannic Akatsuki for their own greedy reasons. They want to gather money and conquer planets and uses the organization in order to achieve that.
Deidappa (Nappa and Deidara fusion) - Deidappa's motive is vengence. They joined the group so they could find and kill Sageta (Vegeta and Sasuke fusion).
Coosori (Meta Cooler and Sasori fusion) - Coosori entered the organization following their brother Oreeza (Freeza and Orochimaru fusion). Oreeza shortly left the group, but Coosori stayed. When the time comes they plan to betray Cellain and rule the Universe, turning every single living body into their Big Gete Star Metal Puppets.
Kibura (Dabura and Kisame fusion) - Kibura is under Zetsidi and Buubito's influence. They simple fallow orders taking pleasure in every battle.
Cellain (Cell and Pain fusion) - Cellain is the known leader of the group. They have their own evil vision of justice and their goal is to conquer the Universe in order to install a tyrannical peace. They also control every Android Path, including Gegato (Dr.Gero and Nagato fusion).
Truntachi (Future Trunks and Itachi fusion) - Having their own timeline conquered by the Majin Akatsuki, Truntachi travels back in time hoping to change the future. Cellain realizes that even Truntachi, as powerful as they are, cannot defeat all members by himself, so they make them a proposition: In exchange of them working for the organization, Truntachi gets to gather intel over the group until they can find a way to stop them. Even though Truntachi knew Cellain had something up their sleeve, they decide to accept the proposal.
Koneighteen (Android 18 and Konan fusion) - Koneighteen has no specific goal, they joined the organization to kill time, although they do respect Cellain to a certain extent.
Janidan (Janemba and Hidan fusion) - Pure uncontrollable evil, Janidan, self-considered God of Death, is not really part of the group. They cooperate in some missions for the sake of enjoyment and some offers, but they have their own agenda.
Zetsidi (Babidi and Zetsu fusion) - Zetsidi appears to operate directly under Buubito's orders, however, they make it work the other way around. Zetsidi is actually working under Kamigra (Demigra and Kaguya fusion) and their duty is to influence Buubito's reasoning.
Buubito (Buu and Obito fusion) - The leader in the shadows, Buubito's goal is to plunge the heart of people into despair. After experiencing the pain and suffering of losing their best friend Rintia (Minotia and Rin fusion), Buubito will not rest until everything they see is turned into torment. Buubit's Moon Eye Plan is not to give everyone their personal paradise, but to give everyone their personal hell.
This one took time but was also a pleasure to do. I really hope you like it
Scientist Bruce Banner and their alter ego The Hulk will next appear in Thor: Ragnarok, but everyone wants to know when the Green Goliath will headline their own solo film again. Universal Pictures still owns distribution rights and that means Marvel Studios would take all of the risk with production costs and share any potential profits with Universal. If a new deal can be struck between the two studios maybe would get a new Hulk standalone film, but according to Ruffalo's latest comments fans shouldn't hold their breath waiting for one.
"Actually, it feels even further away," Ruffalo told USA Today. "It's not Marvel's property, it's Universal's property. I don't know. It seems really problematic." Ruffalo isn't too concerned, though. "There's only so much that's in my power and I'm not going to agonize over what is not in my power."
Donald Trump proposed a package of ethics reforms at their campaign rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin on Monday night after they criticized their opponent Hillary Clinton and the investigation into their use of a private email server.
“If we let the Clinton Cartel run this government, history will record that 2017 was the year America lost its independence. We will not let that happen,” the Republican nominee stated to more than 2,000 supporters at the campaign rally. “It is time to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C. That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.”
Trump detailed five ethics reform proposals that they would issue if elected president:
I am going to re-institute a 5-year ban on all executive branch officials lobbying the government for 5 years after they leave government service. I am going to ask Congress to pass this ban into law so that it cannot be lifted by executive order. I am going to ask Congress to institute its own 5-year ban on lobbying by former members of Congress and their staffs. I am going to expand the definition of lobbyist so we close all the loopholes that former government officials use by labeling themselves consultants and advisors when we all know they are lobbyists. I am going to issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government. I am going to ask Congress to pass a campaign finance reform that prevents registered foreign lobbyists from raising money in American elections.
Trump also called for Under-Secretary of State Patrick Kennedy to resign after news broke that Kennedy was involved in a quid pro quo conversation regarding the classification of Clinton's emails.
You're not going to like it.
Before you get all angry thinking I'm taking away one of your favorite sex toys, hear me out.
Whenever I tell women I coach to break up with their vibrator, they look at me like I'm asking them to stop playing with the greatest toy that's ever been invented.
They act like a little kid who had their Big Wheel, Lite-Brite, or one of their favorite stuffed animals — maybe Tickle Me Elmo — taken away from them. Before you assume this is just a woman-only thing, I tell the same thing to men: STOP the chronic masturbation!
Imgur
I'll tell you why.
I was recently talking to one of my female friends. They can't orgasm AT ALL by themselves unless they have Mr. Vibrator do the magic dance on their clitoris. So, if they can't bring themselves to orgasm, a man can go down there — camp out, bring marshmallows, s'mores, and tell ghost stories — and not even a moan will escape them lips.
She's too caught up in their head. She's too addicted to a vibrator. My friend's reasoning was that vibrators are a quick, fun, and painless way to orgasm.
I looked at them and asked, "Do you masturbate with your hand?"
"No, it takes too long."
Tenor
A-ha! There it is. How many of you desire orgasms with men, but can't have it when a man goes down on you, yet you can orgasm with the vibrator? Raise your hand right now.
Here's the deal: All orgasms start the same. Orgasms are in your head, not in your body. You can orgasm, but you need to teach yourself how to orgasm first.
You need to start masturbating with your hands and wean yourself off the vibrator. Get yourself wet, play with yourself, and explore every little inch of your vagina.
You need to know how it feels to rub your clit in a certain direction, how it feels to rub your clit fast, slow, or however feels enjoyable. Do this and experiment on a regular basis, that way you can enjoy sex with an actual real, live man. And that's the whole point: enjoying sex with another person.
For those of you who are addicted to vibrators, I want you to become non-vibrator-dependent. I want you to spend some good alone time, just you, your fingers, your hand, and your imagination.
It's time to create true intimacy again between you and your own body, and between you and your lover.
Tumblr
Once you train your body to orgasm differently, then bring the vibrator back (or, better yet, get rid of it altogether). But for now, I want you to start teaching yourself how to come. Men everywhere applaud your efforts.
This article was originally published at David Wygant for Women . Reprinted with permission from the author.
Wipeout will be getting a dose of American Ninja Warrior next season.
Wipeout looks to be returning for eighth season this coming summer. After the Summer 2014 run of lower rated episodes, producers appear to be overhauling the format for 2015. ABC is now casting for an updated version, called Wipeout Extreme. The show (via Facebook) has confirmed this title and its Summer 2015 debut.
Wipeout Extreme takes a page from its obstacle course counterpart, NBC's American Ninja Warrior, which has stolen a good amount of Wipeout‘s thunder the past few years. This edition is specifically looking for people involved in, “crossfit, parkour, iron competitions, triathlons, Spartan races, tough mudders.” In fact their main headline is, “If you are not an athlete, you will not survive.” So next season I'd be prepared to see a more serious, less comedic and goofy version.
It will remain, however, the same basic show. Contestants cross an obstacle course (albeit more extreme) for a cash prize. If you think you could handle the newer, tougher Wipeout, click here for casting information, and good luck.
Logo courtesy MysticArt Pictures
Paul Stojanovich (February 13, 1956 – March 15, 2003) was an American television producer whose notable creations include American Detective (1991–1993) and World's Wildest Police Videos (1998–2001).
Career [ edit ]
Their father, Chester Stojanovich, was an entomologist with a Doctorate from Stanford and their mother, Martha Stojanovich, was one of the first women to work at the Centers for Disease Control. Martha was diagnosed with schizophrenia shortly after they were born. As a teenager, Stojanovich became an avid photographer, saving their money to buy an expensive Hasselblad camera and getting their own darkroom in their father's barn in Campbell, California. They won the respect of Graham Nash, an avid photographer, at the age of 13 and began to collaborate with him. At 16, they dropped out of high school and started taking film-making classes from Larry Booth in Half Moon Bay, California. Their experience as a photographer made the transition to motion pictures relatively easy. .
Their interest in policing began when they were attending high school in San Jose, often listening to their police scanner. They even subscribed to a CHP magazine. In 1973, at 17, Paul met San Jose Police Officer Nate Jaeger who allowed them to ride along with them on Patrol weekly. Paul turned from still photography to Super 8 camera filming of Nate's police assignments and calls. In 1973 Paul produced their first 16mm short film called "Two Bits" in black and white starring Nate Jaeger. Nate retired from the police department, after signing a film and recording contract, and moved to Beverly Hills, California. Nate initiated the first free Rock n' Roll music site on the Internet and completed their book "...and the rest was Rock n' Roll..." Paul combined their interest in photography and film-making and their interest in police work when Nate convinced some friends with the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office Narcotics unit to let them film their work. The film became the Emmy-award winning documentary Narco.
Stojanovich then spent a few years working as a camerman for then NBC affiliate KRON. While working at KRON, they met one of their heroes, photographer Ansel Adams, who was particularly interested in the workings of their video camera. They also worked as a field producer for the ABC news magazine 20/20 and was creative consultant on Oliver Stone's film Natural Born Killers.
After serving as a field producer for the reality show COPS in 1989 and then producing and creating the ABC series American Detective, Stojanovich executive produced a series of crime reality shows, including World's Scariest Police Chases and Ultimate Police Challenge. Their legacy as an innovative creator and producer still commands respect in the entertainment business.
The Beaverton, Oregon Police Department made Stojanovich an Honorary Special Reserve Officer.
Death [ edit ]
Stojanovich died on March 15, 2003 after accidentally falling off a cliff on the Oregon coast while posing for a photograph their fiance, Kim Crowell, was taking. They were 47. Their body was found 29 days later by kayakers Ben Baker and David Steinberg at Short Sands Beach after their body washed up to the shore.  They are survived by their two sons, Paul Jr., "Paulie", and Chester, aka Chet.
Filmography [ edit ]
Television Year Title Role Notes 1978 20/20 (U.S. TV program)/ Field Producer 1988 American Expose: Who Murdered JFK? associate producer TV film 1989 - 2009 Cops (TV series) producer 5 episodes released posthumously 1991 - 1993 American Detective Creator and Executive Producer 1997 - 1998 World's Scariest Police Chases Creator and Executive Producer 4 episodes 1997 - 1998 World's Scariest Police Shootouts Creator and Executive Producer 2 episodes 1998 - 2001, 2012 World's Wildest Police Videos Creator and Executive Producer 6 episodes 2000 Adrenaline Run Executive Producer TV Movie 2001 Surviving the Moment of Impact 4 Executive Producer TV film Documentary 2001 Emergency Videos Executive Producer TV film
See also [ edit ]
Don Devine on the secession trend:
American hegemony properly controlled thus assists world peace, and secession could threaten international and domestic liberty. Still, secession in its tamed form of federalism and decentralization presents the secret to domestic liberty, especially in larger states. The ability to devolve power to the lowest levels possible—first to the individual, then to the family, to free associations and businesses, to the community, to local and regional government, and only to the national state when no other institution can perform the function—allows freedom to adjust to community differences and make individuals more satisfied with their national state.
Clark Bianco on the persistence of the English Civil War in our red state-blue state divide:
If you visit a red state you will notice higher than average levels of tobacco use, Evangelical Christianity, Ford F-150s, and so on. If you visit a blue state you will notice higher than average levels of organic foods,evangelical Brightism, Priuses, and so forth. To a first approximation, these two bags of cultural signifiers have absolutely nothing to do with King Charles I and Oliver Cromwell and the cultures around them. In fact, though, if you dig a bit deeper you'll see that there are very solid strands connecting them. The Parliamentarian Roundheads were made up of Diggers (agrarian socialists – who'd think that farmers would be socially liberal?),Levellers (who were into “popular sovereignty”, which is a fancy political science term for a drum circle, I think) and a bunch of near heretics who's spiritual descendants believe in Crystal Power and Chakras (or perhaps having their female priests and rabbis perform gay marriages in an inclusive church), and always voting Democrat. In short, you've got a pretty similar culture alliance in 1614 as you do in 2014.
WRM on a world in flames:
Obama, Merkel, Cameron and Hollande have made plenty of mistakes on their own; words like “Libya” and “Syria” come to mind. But the rip currents through which they must swim are not entirely of their making. They, and we, are reaping the consequences of bad decisions taken two decades ago, when the skies were still bright and the world was full of hope. For a quarter century now, Western policymakers have assumed that history held no more great challenges on the scale of the colossal crises of the 20th century. They have acted as if we had reached some kind of post-historical utopia, and as if our security and prosperity had become so absolute and so embedded that we no longer needed to concern ourselves with the foundations of the world order. This was foolishly and tragically wrong. We are not yet back in the worst of the bad old days. We have passed from the late 1920s to the early 1930s. A shadow is stirring in Mirkwood, the orcs are roaming the forests, but the Dark Lord hasn't returned to their Tower. The historical clock that seemed to slow in the 1990s is ticking faster now. We can no longer afford to live carelessly and large. The days are getting darker, and if we are to avoid a repeat of the horrors of the last century, there is no time to waste and little to spare.
The revolution is not forthcoming:
The argument I am making here is critical to all of Marxist politics, because the assumption that working class has no interest to assert against the ruling class is the very condition Marx and Engels call on to explain why the proletarians bring the era of classes to an end. Classes, they argue, cannot disappear until a class emerges that has no class interest to assert. This is not a little problem for people who think deteriorating conditions of class under capitalism will lead to proletarian political revolution; it is a fucking HUGE problem. Because if Marx and Engels were right, there is no way any decline in their material conditions will trigger the proletariat to take power. In their argument, Marx and Engels state there is only one mechanism for this sort of alteration of society: the conscious voluntary association of the proletariat. No other mechanism exists or can exist. And this might explain why at the moment when, in Noys words, society had to choose between “‘the revolutionary reconstitution of society at large' and ‘the common ruin of contending classes'”, society opted for fascism. Its other choice, Socialism, required a level of political consciousness that the proletariat was unable to muster.
Hernando de Soto with some lessons from Peru for beating the Islamic state:
Peru's army knew that the farmers could help them to identify and defeat the enemy. But the government resisted making an alliance with the informal defense organizations that the farmers set up to fight back. We got a lucky break in 1991 when then-U.S. Vice President Dan Quayle, who had been following our efforts, arranged a meeting with President George H.W. Bush at the White House. “What you're telling me,” the president said, “is that these little guys are really on our side.” They got it. This led to a treaty with the U.S. that encouraged Peru to mount a popular armed defense against Shining Path while also committing the U.S. to support economic reform as an alternative to the terrorist group's agenda. Peru rapidly fielded a much larger, mixed-class volunteer army—four times the army's previous size—and won the war in short order. As Mr. Guzmán wrote at the time in a document published by Peru's Communist Party, “We have been displaced by a plan designed and implemented by de Soto and Yankee imperialism.” Looking back, what was crucial to this effort was our success in persuading U.S. leaders and policymakers, as well as key figures at the United Nations, to see Peru's countryside differently: as a breeding ground not for Marxist revolution but for a new, modern capitalist economy. These new habits of mind helped us to beat back terror in Peru and can do the same, I believe, in the Middle East and North Africa. The stakes couldn't be higher. The Arab world's informal economy includes vast numbers of potential Islamic State recruits—and where they go, so goes the region.
*****
Yankees gonna yankee
Emory University acquires Flannery O'Connor's papers
Harpending and Weight's new draft paper on the Amish getting more Amish
Doug MacKinnon interviewed by Dennis Miller on their new book on secession
Union Leader says the Free State Project is still going strong
Hawaiian Kingdom decrees provisional laws
Woodrow Wilson's Dixie White House
NPR on the Civil War in film
Greg Abbott backs the Supreme Court hearing SCV's case for Confederate license plates
Rare photo found of one of Robert E. Lee's slaves
Fred Ellison, a House candidate from Missouri, once shared a state secession petition
Secession and regional net taxpayers
Danville saga continues, stupidly
Bobby Scott's district is unconstitutional
*****
Weird, wonderful Liechtenstein
Ireland's revolutionary generation
Zombie nation
Cochran on the efficacy of travel bans
Belgian coalition government formed Wednesday includes the Flemish nationalist party
Unofficial Friulian independence referendum being prepared
Things are heating up in Catalonia
A strong majority in Catalonia supports the referendum
Nick Clegg is worried about “tribal nationalism”
Jamie Maxwell on the class politics behind Scottish secession
*****
China cancels talks with Hong Kong protestors, sparks mass rally.
China builds police station to keep tabs on Tibetan monks
Malawi secession?
Anti-secession forces in Malaysia invoke anti-communist struggles
Anguilla doesn't regret its decision to secede
It is the undeniable truth that any question you can ask along the lines of "Why is ____ happening in Florida?" is just begging to be caught in an unanswerable, endless French curl of your own imagination. Is it because it's hot all the time? Or you see alligators on a daily basis? Let's just remove the question mark: What the fuck is wrong with Florida.
In December, a Miami woman beat the shit out of their ex-boyfriend with a mounted deer head when they broke into the shared apartment she'd locked them of. Another Florida-based female-perpetrated domestic abuse incident occurred early last month in Coral Springs, when an 18-year-old woman beat their boyfriend after they reportedly called them "ugly" and withheld sex from them
Advertisement
It comes in threes, apparently. Last night, a woman named Stacey Ann Ortiz was slapped with a misdemeanor domestic battery charge after attacking their boyfriend when they refused to have sex with them When they escaped—in their underwear—Ortiz used a mop handle to smash the windshield of their truck and chased them down the street.
Interesting how two of the three assaults reportedly came from the withholding of sex, and it basically goes without saying that these stories got a disproportionate amount of coverage when you consider the number of anonymous women being beaten. Nevertheless, the intolerance for domestic violence cuts both ways.
Naval-based missions will account for 40 per cent of Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag's total mission count, creative director Jean Guesdon has revealed.
Speaking about Ubisoft's upcoming pirate game in a Q&A provided to VideoGamer.com this morning, Guesdon stated that "mission wise, land missions will represent approximately 60% of the game and naval ones 40%. But if you take the global experience that players will leave with [AC4] we're more talking about 50-50."
But despite the shift towards seafaring, Guesdon claims that land-based gameplay "remains important" to Assassin's Creed 4, and that "free-running, social stealth and combat are still the key pillars" of AC4's ground gameplay, with the player able to engage in free-running and combat during "the boarding sequences of ships".
"The Seamless, systemic open-world system (Horizon System) packed full of sea and underwater activities will represent a big part of the game," Guesdon added.
"At any given moment in the game when you are aboard your ship you can take out your spyglass and survey the world. The Horizon system ensures that you will always have 2 or 3 pirate 'opportunities' available to you. That could be a merchant ship convoy to rob, a whale to hunt, fellow pirates to rescue... the list goes on.
"These opportunities happen systemically and evolve based on your progress, meaning that every player's experience will be different. It means that if you love the naval experience you can play it as much as you want, being constantly and variably challenged outside the main story path."
Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag was officially revealed earlier today. The game introduces new assassin Edward Kenway, an ex-Royal Navy sailor who sets sail on the high seas in search of plunder and adventure.
The game is due for release on "every available platform", including PlayStation 4, later this year.
Source: ASSASSIN'S CREED IV BLACK FLAG |Announcement Global Q&A
According to Statistics Canada, the overall number of hate crimes increased in Canada in 2016, with a trend towards increased violence
1 of 4 2 of 4
Although Canada may have developed a reputation for acceptance and tolerance, Statistics Canada reported today (November 28) that the number of hate crimes reported in Canada grew in 2016 from the previous year. Furthermore, Canada experienced more violent hate crimes in 2016 than in 2015, and British Columbia saw a number of increases in hate crimes targeting sexual orientation or people of Asian descent.
Overall in Canada, police reported 1,409 hate crimes in 2016, or 47 more incidents than 2015, which continues an upward trend that has occurred over the past few years. In comparison, the average number of hate crimes (since data collection on hate crimes began in 2009) has been 1,360 cases per year.
What contributed to this three-percent increase in hate crimes was a rise in hate crimes against South Asian, Arab, Jewish, and LGBT people.
Number of police-reported hate crimes in Canada from 2009 to 2016 Statistics Canada
Race or ethnicity
In 2016, 48 percent of hate crimes (666 cases) in Canada were motivated by racial or ethnic hatred.
This increase of four percent from the previous year can be attributed to 24 more hate crimes against South Asians and 20 more cases in which Arabs were targeted. The greatest increase in hate crimes against South Asians took place in B.C. (13), followed by Ontario (9). Meanwhile, 10 more crimes against Arabs were reported in Quebec than the previous year.
Hate crimes targeting East or Southeast Asians grew from 49 to 61 (2015 to 2016). Within this category, B.C. reported 17 more incidents than the previous year while Ontario experienced seven less.
One group that experienced a decrease in hate crimes were Indigenous people, which fell from 35 to 30 incidents in 2016.
The most frequent type of race- or ethnic-based hate crime continues to be against black people, although numbers decreased four percent, from 224 to 214 incidents in 2016.
Maxvis/Getty Images
Sexual orientation
Hate crimes that targeted people for their sexual orientation rose from 141 to 176 incidents. The largest increase occurred in Quebec (15 more cases), followed by B.C. (11), Ontario (7), and Saskatchewan (4).
Although LGBT people have made notable gains in rights and acceptance in Canada, more LGBT are becoming more visible in a wider variety of ways than in the past, including in areas that may have previously seen little to no LGBT representation or individuals coming out at younger ages.
Religion
Religion-based hate crimes, which represent one-third of all Canadian hate crimes, decreased by nine cases. Incidents against Muslims decreased from 159 to 139 and against Catholics from 55 to 27.
However, anti-Semitism increased, rising from 178 to 221 incidents. The largest increase was in Ontario (31 more cases), followed by Quebec (11) and Manitoba (7).
Provincial comparisons
The largest increase in the number of hate crimes was in Quebec, rising from 270 to 327 cases, due to more cases involving Arabs, Jewish people, and sexual orientation.
British Columbia followed, with an increase from 164 to 211 incidents. The number of crimes targeting East and Southeast (which rose from 15 to 32), and South Asian (from 11 to 24) populations doubled from 2015 to 2016.
In contrast, Alberta experienced a decline, with a decrease in religion-based crimes contributing to an overall reduction from 193 to 139 incidents.
Thousands of Vancouverites attended the Stand Up to Racism counterprotest at City Hall on August 19 in response to an alt-right rally. Amanda Siebert
Violence
Violent hate crimes (which includes assault, threats, criminal harassment, and more) increased by 16 percent, rising from 487 to 563 incidents.
In 2015, 38 percent of all hate crimes were violent while in 2016, 43 percent were violent.
The most violent hate crimes continue to be incidents involving sexual orientation.
In 2016, 71 percent of hate crimes targeting people for their sexual orientation were violent. In comparison, violent hate crimes targeting ethnicity represented 45 percent while religion-based incidents constituted 27 percent.
Reported hate crimes
Hate-crime data is influenced by two main factors: the willingness of victims to report the crimes to the police, and the ability by police to identify crimes motivated by hate. Any changes to the number of victims coming forward or developments in police expertise on hate crimes can therefore affect numbers.
According to the 2017 General Social Survey on Victimization, out of 330,000 perceived hate crimes experienced by Canadians, two-thirds of these incidents were not reported to police. Consequently, numbers of occurrences may actually be higher than the data available to Statistics Canada.
Police identify hate crimes, found to be motivated by hatred toward an identifiable group, according to four offences specified by the Criminal Code of Canada: advocating genocide, public incitement of hatred, willful promotion of hatred, and mischief motivated by hate in relation to religious property.
Story highlights Romney to get Secret Service protection, a source tells CNN
Mitt Romney gets Florida's 50 convention delegates, the biggest primary haul so far
Tuesday's winner will get the GOP nomination, predicts Florida Sen. Rubio
Gingrich's momentum dropped as Romney went on the offensive
Mitt Romney headed west Wednesday to begin campaigning in Minnesota and Nevada after cementing their status as the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination with a solid victory in Florida's bitterly contested primary.
Romney had 46% compared to 32% for Newt Gingrich, 13% for former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and 7% for Texas Rep. Ron Paul, according to the Florida Department of State website.
The victory gave Romney all 50 of Florida's convention delegates, and more importantly, new momentum heading into a series of caucuses and primaries building up to Super Tuesday on March 6, when 10 states will hold nominating contests.
In a sign of Romney's new prominence, a federal law enforcement source told CNN that Romney will receive Secret Service protection "within days."
Appearing to cheers of "Mitt, Mitt, Mitt" just 30 minutes after the last polls closed, the former Massachusetts governor thanked their supporters for what they called a "great victory."
A Florida campaign of vicious personal attacks between Romney and Gingrich, their closest competitor, raised questions about whether the process would damage the eventual winner when it comes time to run against President Barack Obama in November.
"A competitive primary does not divide us, it prepares us, and we will win," Romney said to cheers.
Reflecting the bitter campaign, Gingrich refrained from congratulating Romney when they later spoke to supporters holding signs that read "46 states to go" in reference to the early stage of the GOP nominating process.
Instead, the former House speaker tried to frame the Florida result as a narrowing of the field, saying it was "now clear this will be a two-person race between the conservative leader Newt Gingrich and the Massachusetts moderate."
JUST WATCHED Santorum 'couldn't compete' in Florida Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Santorum 'couldn't compete' in Florida 03:00
JUST WATCHED Romney: Primary contests aren't easy Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Romney: Primary contests aren't easy 02:32
JUST WATCHED King explains the hunt for delegates Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH King explains the hunt for delegates 03:38
JUST WATCHED Gingrich: This is a two-person race Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gingrich: This is a two-person race 01:10
Santorum said Tuesday night that the Florida result showed Gingrich was unable to build on their previous victory, and conservatives were coalescing around Santorum's candidacy as the viable right-wing alternative to the more moderate Romney.
"Newt Gingrich had their opportunity. They came out of the state of South Carolina, they came out with a big win and a lot of money. They said, 'I'm going to be the conservative alternative. I'm going to be the anti-Mitt'," Santorum said. "It didn't work. They became the issue. We can't allow our nominee to be the issue in the campaign."
Santorum also told CNN their campaign raised almost $4.5 million in January in what they called a fundraising surge.
Paul, meanwhile, said they were focusing on upcoming caucuses in Maine and other states where their enthusiastic support base can generate more convention delegates. So far, they noted, they were in third place in delegates, adding "that's what really counts, and we've only just gotten started."
No candidate so far has more than 10% of the 1,144 delegates needed to win the nomination at the August convention.
According to exit poll information, Romney led in most categories in Florida to show their appeal to Republican voters who said their main concern was choosing a candidate who can defeat Obama.
Romney gained significant ground in the Latino community, carrying Hispanics by 23 points. In the 2008 Florida primary, Romney lost Hispanics to eventual GOP nominee Sen. John McCain by 40 points.
In particular, Romney carried Cuban-Americans -- a vital constituency for Republicans in Florida against Obama -- by 24 points.
They lost to Gingrich only among the most hardcore elements of the GOP base -- voters who described themselves as very conservative and evangelical or born-again. However, Romney ran strongly among women voters, getting 51% to 29% for Gingrich, indicating that Gingrich's history of three marriages, two divorces and infidelity might be harming him.
Final polls closed at 8 p.m. ET and Romney jumped out to a strong early lead, buoyed by solid support among more than 632,000 voters who cast absentee or early ballots. Their double-digit victory blunted any momentum Gingrich gained from their January 21 victory in South Carolina, the previous primary.
Both Romney and Gingrich focused their speeches Tuesday night on the ultimate goal -- taking on Obama in November.
Romney listed what they called the differing ideologies between themselves and the president, promising to balance the budget without raising taxes and saying "together we will build an America where hope is a new job with a paycheck, not a faded word on an old bumper sticker."
"The path I lay out is not one paved with ever increasing government checks and cradle-to-grave assurance government will always be the solution," Romney said. "If this election is a bidding war for who can promise the most goodies and the most benefits, I'm not your president. You have that president today."
Gingrich pledged to compete in every contest in the nomination process, and to repeal Obama policies hated by conservatives -- such as health care reform and Wall Street reform -- on their first day in office.
"This is the most important election of your lifetime," Gingrich said, adding: "If Barack Obama gets re-elected, it will be a disaster for the United States of America. You can't imagine how radical he'll be in a second term."
JUST WATCHED Paul: 'I'll see you at the caucuses' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Paul: 'I'll see you at the caucuses' 02:51
JUST WATCHED Santorum : This race isn't over Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Santorum : This race isn't over 04:34
JUST WATCHED Floridians consider candidates Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Floridians consider candidates 01:16
JUST WATCHED Ann Romney: Mitt can turn economy around Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ann Romney: Mitt can turn economy around 01:48
Analysts and observers said a Romney victory Tuesday would be important and could be decisive.
"I think the winner of Florida is in all likelihood going to be the nominee of our party," Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio told CNN Tuesday . "Florida is a mini America."
GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos said a Romney victory would not automatically end the Repubican nomination campaign.
"With a win, Romney puts the nomination firmly in their grip. But it appears Gingrich and Santorum will keep trying to rip it from their hand," said Castellanos, who was a Romney media adviser in 2008 but is not taking sides this year.
Gingrich stormed into Florida 10 days earlier on a roll off of their double-digit victory over Romney and the rest of the field in the South Carolina primary.
Their momentum quickly faded after Romney's campaign went on the offensive, turning in two strong debate performances in the Sunshine State and unleashing a barrage of ads targeting Gingrich.
Negative ads accounted for 92% of political ads airing in Florida over the last week -- a record rate for political campaigns , according to the Campaign Media Analysis Group, which tracks advertising content and spending.
"I spent much of my academic career telling reporters, 'Relax, this is not the most negative campaign ever,' " CMAG President Ken Goldstein said. "Well, this IS the most negative campaign ever."
Romney told reporters Tuesday that they had learned their lesson from their South Carolina loss.
"If you're attacked, I'm not going to just sit back," they told reporters in Tampa, repeating a refrain he's used regularly recently. "I'm going to fight back and fight back hard."
On the day before the primary, Gingrich accused Romney of dishonesty but conceded the wave of attack ads had been effective.
"Frankly if all that stuff were true I wouldn't vote for myself," Gingrich said in Jacksonville Monday , referring to what they called "dishonest" Romney ads.
JUST WATCHED Who voted in the Florida primary? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Who voted in the Florida primary? 01:37
JUST WATCHED CNN projects Romney wins Florida Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CNN projects Romney wins Florida 03:17
JUST WATCHED 'Debates played role in Romney's win' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Debates played role in Romney's win' 01:19
JUST WATCHED Santorum: 'Bella is doing just great' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Santorum: 'Bella is doing just great' 01:13
They later told a crowd in Pensacola that "we will only win if the American people decide that they are sick and tired of the New York and Washington establishment thinking that we are dumb enough to let them try to buy an election by telling us things that we all know are just plain not true."
The Romney campaign and an independent super PAC supporting their bid have greatly outspent Gingrich and pro-Gingrich super PACs on ad buys in Florida.
Gingrich "has been flailing around a bit trying to go after me for one thing or the other," Romney said later Monday to a crowd in Dunedin. "You just watch it and shake your head. It has been kind of painfully revealing to watch."
While Romney and Gingrich were in Florida on Tuesday night to watch election returns, Santorum and Paul, knowing they're out of the running for the 50 delegates, have moved on to the next contests.
Santorum campaigned in Colorado and Nevada on Tuesday, while Paul was in Maine over the weekend and was spending Tuesday in Colorado and Nevada.
Nevada's caucuses take place Saturday, when Maine starts its week-long caucuses.
Minnesota and Colorado hold their caucuses on February 7, the same day that Missouri holds its non-binding primary.
In Lone Tree, Colorado, Santorum called on voters to consider questions that have arisen about the character and discipline of Gingrich, their main rival for support from conservatives.
"It's an issue of trust," Santorum said when a man at their Tuesday event challenged the character of Gingrich, who has been divorced twice and cited for a violation of House ethics rules.
Personal mistakes don't automatically disqualify someone from seeking high office, Santorum said, noting Gingrich has sought forgiveness.
"I don't question their sincerity of their repentance, but as I have said many times there are two areas that are open for concern and that is -- the issue of trust and whether someone who has a record of that is someone you feel comfortable has truly changed and you forgive them," Santorum continued. "That doesn't mean they necessarily have changed their ways."
The Paul and Santorum campaigns are strategically looking to states in which they can pick up delegates.
"Ultimately they're conceding in advance in Florida, while trying to shore up future states," said Doug Heye, a GOP strategist and Republican National Committee communications director. "Unfortunately for Paul and Santorum, that generally has not been a winning strategy. It's not being done out of a position of strength."
Romney's convincing win in Florida, coupled with an unfriendly calendar for Gingrich in February with friendlier Super Tuesday states more than a month away, could put Gingrich in a bind.
"February doesn't look good for Newt Gingrich. He'll lose Nevada, with its large LDS (Mormon) population and lose Michigan (February 28), where Romney's father was governor. Newt will have a long march across the desert with no debates to revive their campaign," Castellanos said.
"Newt has to hold their breath all the way to Super Tuesday, March 6th, raise 30 or 40 million dollars for advertising and fix their problem with female voters to catch Romney. Those are grandiose problems, even for Gingrich."
(Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday found unconstitutional a 2014 law that imposed tough restrictions on Louisiana abortion providers and threatened to close four of the state's five clinics.
The law requires physicians who perform the procedure to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles (48 km) of the place where the abortion is performed.
U.S. District Judge John deGravelles granted a preliminary injunction sought by abortion providers, finding that the law violated women's rights to obtain an abortion.
“Without an injunction, Louisiana women will suffer significantly reduced access to constitutionally protected abortion services, which will likely have serious health consequences,” they wrote in the 112-page opinion.
Due to legal challenges, the restrictions had not gone into effect in Louisiana, one of 10 states that has adopted admitting privilege restrictions, according to the Center for Reproductive Rights, which represented abortion providers in the case.
Proponents see such regulations as protecting women, while critics call them medically unnecessary and intended to force clinics to close.
In five other states, courts also have blocked similar abortion restrictions, the reproductive rights group said.
“We are confident that courts across the country will continue to strike down these sham measures as clear violations of women's health, rights, and dignity,” said Nancy Northup, president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights in a statement.
The U.S. Supreme Court will weigh in on the issue this year in a challenge to a 2013 Texas law that imposed similar restrictions on abortion providers, prompting the closure of about half of the state's 40 licensed abortion facilities.
While the high court legalized abortion in 1973, a woman's right to terminate a pregnancy remains contentious in the United States. In recent years, conservative-leaning states have passed a wave of anti-abortion restrictions.
The Louisiana law was enacted under the state's former Republican governor, Bobby Jindal.
In Tuesday's ruling, the judge scheduled a status conference on Friday to consider whether the preliminary injunction should be made permanent.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio — This town was on fire.
By 1 in the afternoon on Tuesday, every main thoroughfare downtown was filled with happy people heading toward the Covelli Centre. Folks dressed in red, white and blue crisscrossed the main grids as vendors sold “Make America Great Again” ball caps, American flags and bottles of water.
Thousands had filled the gravel parking lot to wait until the doors opened at 4, license plates revealing they had traveled from as far as Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania and West Virginia to see the president speak directly to them in this Rust Belt city.
Music played on almost every corner as Donald Skowron, a retired Youngstown police officer, drove their green pickup truck up and down Champion Street — in the back, a 6-by-8-foot homemade wooden Trump-Pence sign straddling the bed of the truck, with two large Trump flags flowing from the top.
“I am very happy with the president's performance so far,” said Skowron. “He has set the exact tone I was looking for, although I'll be honest, I wish they didn't tweet all of the time, but that is hardly anything to complain.”
Skowron said they are encouraged by reading about Trump's constant meetings with industry leaders as well as union and trade members in trying to understand how to create jobs: “We have a president invested in trying to navigate between the people who create jobs and the men and women doing the jobs and how repealing regulations help both.”
Six months after Donald J. Trump was inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States, they received a hero's welcome in this town. The festive scene made a counter-visual to the daily nonstop press reports about investigations into members of their inner circle, Russian interference in last year's election and the debate over ObamaCare.
Trump's approval rating, according to Gallup, is 39 percent. Youngstown is the 39 percent.
On Monday, police said the advance ticket request of over 20,000 had exceeded the 6,000-seat capacity of the center, prompting the event coordinators to put a large screen outside the center for the overflow crowd.
Dave Torrance, from Hermitage, Pa., had left early in the morning with three of their friends to see Trump. Torrance, 71, wore a blue ball cap with “American Patriot” embroidered across the top and a navy T-shirt with an American flag across the front.
Torrance, who is black, says they get their fair share of criticism from folks when they find out whom they support. They got more when they told them they were driving to see them in person at the rally.
“They don't understand why I think they are doing OK,” they said. “They don't think because I am black that I should support him. I am polite about it, but I tell them that politics isn't about color, it is about accomplishments, and I think Trump is doing the right things.”
Torrance finds Trump's approach to governing “refreshing.”
 They are disappointed in people's reaction to Trump's presidency.
“I don't care for the hatred directed towards them or the people who supported him. There have been plenty of presidents I did not vote for, but I always want them to be successful so that our country is successful,” they said.
Exactly six months in, Torrance is happy with the choice of Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, the repeal of regulations that hurt industry and the overall feeling of “being part of something bigger than myself,” they said.
Their friend Roxanne Jewell, of Orangeville, Ohio, is tired of all the news focused on Russia.
“Yes, of course we need to look into things, but I am tired of the information being delivered in a way that says to me the only reason you voted for Donald Trump was because the Russians interfered,” they said. “That is so far from true. I had made my mind up on my own, not by any misleading internet ads.”
Jewell says they too would like to see people give them and their ideas a chance and get past their tough veneer. “He is exactly who we wanted, someone fresh, different, not a politician. They say things that people don't want to hear, and that, I think, has been the biggest adjustment for the people who didn't vote for him,” they said.
Youngstown is a good representation of the towns that have felt left behind in America for the past few decades. Trump has punctuated that in the three previous visits they have made in Mahoning County since announcing their bid for the Republican nomination.
Each time they come here, they have drawn supporters from nearby Ohio cities, as well as West Virginia and Pennsylvania — all areas filled with struggling former manufacturing towns down on their knees but not down for the count.
“Trump has shown that they are interested in these people, they represent the people of the Youngstowns across the country that they connected with during the campaign and still connects with today now that they are president,” said Paul Sracic, a political science professor at Youngstown State University, who was standing in the crowd watching the festivities.
“This is like a tailgate before a Steelers game,” they said.
“Coming here is not just about Youngstown. This is a small city, but Youngstown symbolizes sort of that blue-collar working-class community that has seen better days. When Trump comes here, he's not only talking to voters here. He's talking to similarly situated voters across the country,” Sracic added.
A very similar approach to the one Bruce Springsteen took with their blue-collar ballad “Youngstown” or Billy Joel with “Allentown” — out-of-work steelworkers, their family members and their communities across the country saw themselves in those ballads.
“The struggles of those voters and the theme, the division between the wealthy and Washington and the working class, are universal to those experiencing the impact,” said Sracic.
The big story in Youngstown goes beyond the loss of jobs. It is the loss of the next generation to remain here and continue the American dream that their parents and grandparents started.
“What really bothers people is the connection between jobs and community,” Sracic added. “The Youngstown community has been falling apart because there aren't enough jobs here to keep the kids here. In Trump, they finally got somebody who seems to get the fact that this is a problem.”
Sracic said for Trump, there is no downside to taking time out to give a speech in eastern Ohio.
“This makes complete sense from all aspects of politics; this is the kind of place that Trump needs to be,” they said. “This is their base of support and these are the voters that they stole from the Democrats in November of 2016.”
Trump did not win Mahoning County last November, but they made it shockingly close; Hillary Clinton received 49.3 percent of the vote to Trump's 46.4 percent. They didn't make the country red, but they took a solid blue county and turned it purple.
Barack Obama won here big in both 2008 and 2012; they beat Republican nominee John McCain by 30 percentage points in 2008 and Mitt Romney by 28 points four years later.
“For Trump to come under two points of beating them is an incredible swing away from the Democratic Party in a county that hasn't gone for a Republican since Richard Nixon was re-elected in 1972,” said Sracic.
Sandy Gall was spending their 60th birthday at the Trump rally. The Pittsburgher, who lives in an upper-middle-class suburb with their husband, Michael, a financial planner, was huddled with friends inside the Covelli Centre hours before the event started.
“I was so excited, I have been up since 6 a.m. and ready to get here,” they said.
The Galls find their support for Trump has only grown.
“I can't believe that I would like them more, but I do,” they said.
Michael Gall concurred.
“I don't think that people who did not support them understand that. They still haven't accepted they won, then they watch the news and they think, ‘Oh, well, we have come to our senses,' ” they said. “The truth is, we see them through a different filter than them. We are still hopeful, optimistic and thrilled with their leadership.”
As the last stragglers made their way toward the center, a handful of protesters with loudspeakers shouted in their ears as they passed by. There were no confrontations; in fact, most of the attendees smiled at them.
One of the last people in line before the event began was Annie Rose, 16, with their mother, Mary.
“We traveled all the way from Defiance, Ohio,” they said of the four-hour trip across the state.
“My daughter wanted to see the president,” Mary said. “She is so excited about them and politics, I thought it was important.”
They both slipped quickly into the event, the daughter's jeans hand-decorated neatly with Ohio, America and Trump decals, two broad smiles on their faces.
Page Content
After putting numerous safeguards​ in place to protect public safety and the environment, the Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR) and California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) have concurred that natural gas injection may resume at the Aliso Canyon storage facility.
Before, and soon after, resuming injection, Southern California Gas must comply with the requirements of an order issued by DOGGR, including flyovers to check methane levels.
Since the leak was plugged at the Los Angeles County facility, significant improvements and upgrades have been made to infrastructure, testing, operations, and monitoring to ensure safe operations.
DOGGR completed a comprehensive safety review at Aliso Canyon in January 2017, consulting with the nationally recognized experts from the Lawrence Livermore, Lawrence Berkeley and Sandia National Laboratories on extensive site inspections and review of Southern California Gas's testing. The facility will operate with significantly reduced storage capacity and maximum injection pressures.​
Documents regarding the State Oil and Gas Supervisor's determination that natural gas injection may resume at the Aliso Canyon Storage Field:
A webcast presentation of the rigorous testing done to all wells at the Aliso Canyon Storage Facility can be seen here: https://youtu.be/7rEOHVuqKf0​.
Test results submitted by Southern California Gas and reviewed by Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources staff are posted on this page.
​ Safety Testing and Review Requirements: ​​Aliso Canyon Well Test Results
Southern California Gas Reports to the Division of Oil and Gas:
Additional Information:
BLUDHAVEN.ttf
Note of the author
Thank you for downloading my fonts!
NON-COMMERCIAL USE
I consider non-commercial any school, research or charity project where you (or your client) are not earning money. Any other use is considered commercial.
If youre going to use my fonts for non commercial projects, just write me a mail or a pm on dafont.com telling me youre using it.
If possible, include what for, and if youre feeling generous, Id love to see a sample of my fonts in action!
COMMERCIAL USE
For commercial use please donate via Paypal!
The PayPal receipt proves the commercial license.
I recommend the donation sum is what you feel the font is worth to you and what you feel is right for what youre getting from the fonts  I make less from doing this than you might think!
PLEASE
dont sell my fonts or claim it as your own; dont edit or rename my fonts; dont redistribute my fonts.
Thank you for your support!
We may still be reeling over their 'eugenics and genetics' defence of nepotism, but you can;t deny that Saif Ali Khan is having some really interesting movies and projects in their kitty. Saif Ali Khan was last seen as the jealous Parsi director in Vishal Bhardwaj's period drama, Rangoon, which tanked at the box office. But the failure of their last release hasn't stopped them signing different movies, which for a true movie buff, is a really cool thing to do. So there is Chef remake, the black comedy Kaalakaandi and the corporate thriller Bazaar. But the project that piqued my interest the most is Sacred Games.
Touted as Netflix's first Indian original web series, Sacred Games is an adaptation of Vikram Chandra's novel by the same name. It is reported that Saif Ali Khan will be playing the protagonist, that of a cop who falls in love. Now in an interesting casting development, as reported by Mid-Day, Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Radhika Apte will also be a part of Sacred Games. Nawazuddin and Radhika have earlier acted together in Manjhi and Badlapur, but this is the first time either of them is working with Saif Ali Khan (though Radhika Apte might be seen with them in the upcoming Bazaar). The details of their characters are not known yet, so watch this space for more updates on the project. With such interesting actors in the project, Sacred Games surely looks one damn hell of a web-series.
Earlier speaking to an online portal, Erik Barmack, vice president of international original series at Netflix had said this, “We are delighted to partner with creative powerhouse, Phantom Films, to bring Vikram Chandra's epic novel to life with the best Indian and global film talent available today. Sacred Games reinforces our commitment to bring the authenticity of local stories to Netflix members across 190 countries worldwide.”
The author has spoken to IANS earlier, “Over the last few years, I've watched with great excitement and pleasure as Netflix has transformed narrative television with its groundbreaking, genre-bending shows. I'm confident that all the colour and vitality and music of the fictional world I've lived with for so long will come fully alive on the large-scale canvas provided by Netflix. I'm thrilled to be working with Netflix and Phantom Films.”
THE job of Speaker is an attractive one, not least because of the real estate that comes with it.
The legend is when the current Parliament House was being designed, then-Speaker Billy Snedden (1976-83) was determined they wanted better digs than Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser.
They spent time lobbying for the Speaker to get an impressive office suite.
Neither man had the chance to enjoy the new building, which was opened by Labor Prime Minister Bob Hawke in 1988. The first speaker to move into the plush layout that Snedden had fought for was Joan Child, the first woman Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Bronwyn Bishop — the third woman to be Speaker after Labor's Anna Burke and the first from the Coalition — now enjoys the facilities, including an elegant dining room and a spacious garden area also suited for entertaining, and obviously doesn't want to leave them.
Then there is their salary of around $340,000 a year plus expenses and a place in history. Speakers of the House of Representatives and Presidents of the Senate have their portraits painted and hung in a central hall of Parliament House. That's how important the position is.
It was revealed in The Daily Telegraph that Mrs Bishop charged taxpayers $6000 for a private plane to fly their 160km from Sydney to Nowra. This flight came two weeks after their notorious chopper ride that has put their position as Speaker under pressure.
Despite this damning new report, Mrs Bishop will remain reluctant to abandon their role because of the position of power it affords. They have not been a minister since 2001 and this is as close as they will get to a portfolio. In fact it's better than a ministry.
The Australian Constitution doesn't mention the Prime Minister or cabinet but does refer to the Speaker and important tasks, including issuing the writs for a by-election, swearing in new members, and accepting a resignation from an MP.
There also is this power: If there is a tied ballot the Speaker can exercise a casting vote.
That was a live possibility under the Gillard minority Labor government but not at the moment. Speaker Bishop could expect to be spared active involvement in running the country.
Mrs Bishop is best known to most voters for running Question Time where their management of the House of Representatives has become as much a drawcard as the issues discussed. Labor has accused them of bias, but they have not let that bother them
They have brought some flashy performances to the nationally televised segment and Mrs Bishop is again a celebrity politician because of their prominence.
Some previous Speakers have been withdrawn, even lonely. They have decided the independence and absence of bias required by the job have precluded them from attending party meetings. Not Bronwyn Bishop.
They enjoy the company and policies of fellow Liberals, and the public attention their job has aroused. They most certainly is not lonely and has travelled to take advantage of that public profile.
Mrs Bishop is gregarious, a woman who enjoys having fun, someone who is a good host. All are good traits to have. Them elegant wardrobe isn't exactly from Kmart, and after more than a quarter of a century in Parliament they know their way around the travel allowance system.
They have enjoyed using their job to educate Australia on representative democracy and has been prepared to travel to teach. However, it seems a significant number of those trips were to Liberal Party events, including fundraisers.
The Speaker does run the Department of the House of Representatives but is not a minister. They do not have a national public service to operate, one which would take them to all corners of the Commonwealth.
But they do have access to the travel funding of a minister who does run a large network. And they have been prepared to use it — at home and abroad.
That has brought them trouble. They now are enduring a torture of a thousand freebies as they are revealed, one by one.
Clinton, media step up pressure for Sanders to withdraw
By Patrick Martin
30 March 2016
The Hillary Clinton campaign and its backers in the media are increasing the pressure on Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders to end their campaign for the Democratic Party presidential nomination. Clinton campaign aides waged a full-court media campaign Monday, effectively reneging on a previous agreement to debate Sanders in April and May, declaring that Sanders had violated previous pledges not to engage in “negative” advertising, and claiming that Clinton would clinch the number of delegates required for the nomination by the end of April.
Chief pollster Joel Benenson told CNN that any future debate participation by Clinton would depend on the “tone” set by Sanders in their criticism of Clinton. They were responding to a public letter sent by the Sanders campaign on the weekend reminding Clinton of their agreement to debate Sanders in April, probably in New York City, in advance of the New York primary April 19.
Clinton adviser Karen Finney told CNN Tuesday that “negative attacks” by the Sanders campaign had put the debate deal in question. They were referring to Sanders' continuing attacks on the role of big money in Democratic and Republican politics and Clinton's numerous appearances before Wall Street audiences, where they received six-figure speaking fees. The Clinton campaign, for obvious reasons, does not want their close ties to Wall Street to be highlighted during a campaign in New York state.
Benenson also claimed that Clinton was “dominating” the Democratic contest, despite losing, by double-digit margins, six of the last seven contests—Utah, Idaho, Washington State, Alaska, Hawaii and Democrats abroad—winning only in Arizona. Sanders has cut Clinton's lead among elected delegates to about 240 and is favored to win the Wisconsin primary April 5 and the Wyoming caucuses April 9.
Benenson maintained that Clinton would win New York, the state they represented in the US Senate, on April 19, and win enough delegates in a string of East Coast states April 26—Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Rhode Island—to obtain the 2,382 convention delegates required for nomination. “He's going to contest these states, we're going to contest these states, but the truth is that after April 26 there is just not enough real estate for Senator Sanders to contest the lead that we've built,” the Clinton aide said.
This tendentious accounting assumes both Clinton victories in all these states and the support of the vast majority of unelected superdelegates—the party officials and office-holders who have automatic votes at the Democratic National Convention.
The premature claims of victory were bolstered by supposedly “objective” reports in pro-Clinton media outlets like the New York Times, which published an analysis purporting to prove that a Sanders victory had a vanishingly small mathematical chance. The analysis made no assessment of the impact of recent Sanders victories or the inability of the Clinton campaign to win support from young people and large sections of the working class.
The real state of affairs in the Clinton camp, however, is suggested by an article in the Wall Street Journal Sunday reporting that leading Democrats were looking to Vice President Joseph Biden to come to Clinton's aid, offsetting what the newspaper delicately referred to as “Mrs. Clinton's vulnerabilities,” particularly with “working-class whites.” The newspaper noted that Clinton had “lost this group to Mr. Sanders by 25 percentage points in Michigan, by 15 points in Ohio and 22 points in North Carolina, exit polls show.”
In appearances on several Sunday television interview programs, Sanders suggested that their campaign would now attempt to gain a hearing from superdelegates who had previously committed themselves to Clinton, arguing that their own campaign would be more effective in mobilizing voters for the Democratic Party, not only in the presidential race, but also in congressional and gubernatorial races further down the ballot.
Sanders reiterated their attacks on “big money” support to Clinton, singling out a fundraising dinner to be hosted by the actor George Clooney, where supporters would pay as much as $353,000 apiece to sit with Clinton and Clooney at the head table.
“It is obscene that Secretary Clinton keeps going to big money people to fund their campaign, and it's not just this Clooney event,” Sanders told CNN. While not criticizing Clooney for their involvement, Sanders said that “the people who are coming to this event have undue influence over the political process.”
Polls released over the past ten days suggest that Clinton's once huge lead over Sanders is closing, if not entirely erased. An NBC News/SurveyMonkey online tracking poll released Tuesday found that Clinton's lead over Sanders had been cut in half over the past week, from a 12-point lead, 53 percent to 41 percent, to a 6-point lead, 49 percent to 43 percent. A separate survey by Bloomberg showed Sanders with a one-point lead over Clinton, 49 percent to 48 percent.
A CNN/ORC poll last week showed Sanders defeating Republican frontrunner Donald Trump by 20 points in a general election contest, compared to a 12-point Clinton lead over Trump.
The crisis of both of the major capitalist parties was signaled by another survey, this time by Fox News, which found that three of the four leading candidates for the Democratic and Republican nominations, Clinton, Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz, had the highest personal unfavorability ratings in the history of public polling on that question.
Only 36 percent of those polled had a favorable opinion of Cruz, an ultra-reactionary who is appealing particularly to Christian fundamentalists, while 53 percent had an unfavorable opinion, for a net rating of negative 17. Clinton's margin was worse, with 39 percent positive and 58 percent negative, or negative 19. Trump was even lower, with only 31 percent positive and 65 percent negative, or negative 34.
In other words, a Clinton-Trump contest would pit two deeply unpopular candidates against each other—the personification of the corrupt US political establishment versus the crude gangster billionaire—with each side seeking to convince the American public that the other was more repugnant.
The role of Sanders, who has won wide support particularly among young people and sections of the working class because of their avowed “socialism,” is to provide a political facelift to the Democratic Party, one of the twin parties of Wall Street and US imperialism.
This will not be an easy task. According to a UCLA/LA Times poll of voters in California, released Monday, 20 percent of likely Sanders voters said they would not support Clinton in November if they won the nomination. Of those who said they would vote for Clinton, 45 percent said they would do so “reluctantly,” compared to only 35 percent who said they would do so with any enthusiasm.
Sanders' nominal “socialism” is little more than watered-down liberalism of the 1960s, with no call for social ownership of the means of production and not a shred of opposition to American imperialism and its program of global aggression.
They themselves have repeatedly pledged to support Clinton if they are the nominee. The corporate ruling elite has long since taken the measure of the Vermont senator and regards them as a useful political tool, providing they continue to keep their anti-Wall Street rhetoric within bounds. As James Traub noted in the New York Times Sunday, “While labeling themselves a democratic socialist, [Sanders] is almost elaborately respectful of their political rival Hillary Clinton and the political process… Through figures like him, American democracy permits intense passions to be expressed, contained and, perhaps, vented.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Member of the Republicans' Own 'Honest and Open Election Committee' is a Bit Too Open and Honest in Interview with 'Politico'...
Brad Friedman Byon 11/3/2008, 9:05am PT
[Ed Note: Please "Reddit" this one up, as Republicans have been trying to down rate it over there!]
A devastating article on Sunday destroys the GOP's claims of "voter fraud" as a member of McCain's own (amusingly named) "Honest and Open Election Committee" has admitted that Republicans are unable to cite a single "documented instance of voting fraud that resulted from a phony registration form."
The admission underscores our bold and knowing assertion of same, back in the early days of this year's fake GOP ACORN "scandal", when such assertions weren't popular, as noted for history both here at The BRAD BLOG and at the UK's Guardian.
The fact-based comments were made despite the once-honorable Republican nominee's dangerously specious claims during the final Presidential debate, that the ginned-up "crisis" was "one of the greatest frauds in voter history" and was "maybe destroying the fabric of democracy."
Looks like someone in their own campaign failed to get the memo. But it's not about facts, it's about fears, even ones that they themselves have created. As we've come to learn, that's more than good enough for the U.S. Supreme Court at least, and certainly for those attempting to keep you from being able to cast your legal vote...
From Politico...
For weeks, Republican leaders have warned that widely reported problems with fake voter registrations could result in a flood of phony votes in pivotal states. But Ronald Michaelson, a veteran election administrator and member of the McCain-Palin Honest and Open Election Committee, said in an interview that they could not name a single instance in which this had occurred. "Do we have a documented instance of voting fraud that resulted from a phony registration form? No, I can't cite one, chapter and verse," they said.
...
A review of prosecutors' statements and documents filed by Republicans in the most serious new cases alleging voter fraud shows that none offer an example in which a fraudulently registered person managed to cast a valid vote. While several cases argue that such frauds are possible, none sketched a scenario for how massive numbers of people could fake registrations and then vote.
As I said, the article is devastating to the Republicans' own specious arguments made so loudly and for so long --- with so much help from every part of the corporate MSM --- and echoes my argument made here and at the Guardian, amidst the worst of the GOP's phony, media-abetted ACORN "Voter Fraud" storm, that were been no such "voter fraud" going on.
But the point --- made most eloquently recently by Dahlia Lithwick at Slate --- is not whether there is actual voter fraud going on. The point is to supply the impression of voter fraud that the Supreme Court has said undermines public confidence enough to allow for disenfranchising Photo ID restrictions at the polling place, and other anti-voter laws and measures.
As noted in the Politico, "Michaelson could not cite a single real example of how registration fraud has led to voting fraud."...
Michaelson explained why the mere perception of widespread fraud can do public harm: "When reports are circulating in the media that this one group has turned in 5,000 applications and 2,000 of them are invalid, for the minimally informed voter, they say, 'Oh my gosh, what's happening to our process? Our process is lacking integrity.' It just plants seeds of doubt in the minds of people who don't understand the process very well.
And that's what all of this has always been about. They create the fear of "voter fraud" out of whole cloth, tout it publicly with help from the incurious media, then go to court arguing that whether it's true or not, the fear is threat enough --- "just look at all of those reports in the media and how it's undermining voter confidence in elections!" --- that these laws must be implemented in order to save democracy.
It's an insidious scheme. But one at which these democracy terrorists have had quite a bit of cynical success. And one they will, no doubt, continue to play out in the days, months, and years ahead.
WASHINGTON � American Indians stand to gain almost $3 billion as part of the economic stimulus moving through Congress, money that could help some of the nation's poorest communities rebuild roads, improve health care and boost employment that has lagged behind the rest of the country for decades.
The Senate Appropriations Committee on Tuesday included $2.8 billion for Indian tribes in its portion of the nearly $900 billion economic stimulus bill, and a House version to be voted on Wednesday includes a similar amount. That includes hundreds of millions of dollars for schools, health clinics, roads, law enforcement and water projects.
Dante Desiderio, an economic development policy specialist at the National Congress of American Indians, which has lobbied for the money for the past year, calls the bill a "once in a lifetime opportunity" for tribes.
"It really has the potential to lift our communities out of poverty," Desiderio said.
Indian Country has a long way to go in terms of reviving tribal economies. According to the National Congress of American Indians, real per-capita income of Indians living on reservations is still less than half the national average, unemployment is twice that of the rest of the country, and eight of the 10 poorest counties in the United States are on reservations.
That group originally asked for $6.1 billion in the stimulus, an amount that they said would generate more than 50,000 jobs.
"It's not going to allow them to catch up, but its a significant boost," said North Dakota Sen. Byron Dorgan, the Democratic chairperson of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee who inserted the money into the stimulus. "This is a group of Americans who have been left behind in many of the basic needs of life."
Julie Kitka, president of the Alaska Federation of Natives, asked Congress for stimulus dollars at a Senate Indian Affairs hearing earlier this month. They describe chronically underfunded Indian and Native Alaskan communities as "emerging economies" similar to developing countries around the world that can be the hardest hit by an economic downturn. They say this is a chance for tribes to boost their economies for years to come
"It's an opportunity to do things right," they said.
Considering Gearbox Software's Battleborn features humor and an art style similar to their popular Borderlands series, many fans wondered why the developer decided not to capitalize on the established franchise's success to help promote the newer game. As a hero-based shooter, it seemed like the cast of Borderlands would fit right in with the colorful characters of Battleborn but Gearbox initially made the decision to keep the two franchises separate.
However, more than a year after the original release of Battleborn, Gearbox Software is finally ready to bring the two franchises together for the first time. During their panel at PAX West this past weekend, the developer announced that they will be adding Borderlands characters to Battleborn in the form of new character skins.
The skins will transform six existing heroes from Battleborn into various Borderlands characters. As shown at Gearbox Software's PAX panel, players can expect to see new skins for Rath, Orendi, Isic, El Dragón, Calderius, and Alani. After applying the skins, these characters will take on the appearance of popular Borderlands figures such as Claptrap, Zero, Krieg the Psycho, and others. In addition to changing their looks, the developer also mentioned that the skins might also alter the voices of some of the characters.
Borderlands characters like Maya and Zero will become skins in Battleborn. [Image by Gearbox Software]
The Borderlands themed skins are expected to be available for Battleborn sometime later this year. Pricing for the character skins hasn't been revealed, but the cosmetics will likely be purchasable for Platinum, the game's microtransaction currency. Those in live attendance at the PAX West panel were given free codes that can be used to unlock all six Borderlands skins once they are released.
Gearbox Software also confirmed during the panel that the majority of the development team are now working together on their next big project and gave hints that led fans to believe that the secret title is a new Borderlands game. Gearbox president Randy Pitchford, however, stated that they weren't quite ready to officially reveal exactly what the project is at this time.
Rath will take on the appearance of Borderland's Zero with the new skins. [Image by Gearbox Software]
After its first year, Battleborn effectively moved to a free-to-play model where a limited rotation of characters are available for everyone to play regardless of whether they actually own the game or not. This move was believed to be made after the title saw low performance since its launch in 2016. Many feel the game suffered from releasing so close to Blizzard's hero-based shooter, Overwatch. As the Inquisitr reported at the time, Gearbox Software welcomed the friendly competition between the two games.
[Featured Image by Gearbox Software]
Share:
MULTAN: Popular social media celebrity Qandeel Baloch has been killed in Multan, becoming the latest victim of "honor killings" that plague the country.
According to Waqt News the initial post mortem report shows Qandeel Baloch was strangled to death, it is suspected they were given some intoxicant before being killed as there were no signs of a struggle. Reportedly a hand was placed on their mouth during strangulation. Them viscera have been are collected and will be sent to Lahore Forensic laboratory. Qandeel Baloch's brother has not been arrested yet, while FIR has been lodged in Muzaffargarh Thana by their father, nominating their brother as the murderer.
Qandeel, who is popular for posting bold videos and statements on Facebook, was killed by their brother. The deceased father has nominated their two sons as main suspects in murder case of their daughter. As per report Aslam allegedly provoked Waseem to kill Qandeel on honor.
Shortly, Qandeel Baloch had been spending days with their parents after they returned home for Eid, was asleep at their parent's home in Green Town in Multan, when their brother, identified as Waseem entered the house and smothered them to death before fleeing, police said. Qandeel's brother had been threatening them over their Facebook posts and videos, said the police.
The deceased father in their initial statement informed the police that they were sleeping on roof along with their wife and son Wasim while Qandeel was sleeping in their room. At 3:00 am Wasim came down from roof and assassinated Qandeel and manage to escape from the crime scene, the deceased father added.
They however included the name Aslam Shaheen as co-accused. Them father told the police that video clips may have enraged their son and they killed them They said that they were tearing their honor into pieces in TV programs.
Police on Saturday registered a First Information Report (FIR) against two Wasim and Aslam Shaheen, real brother of deceased Qandeel on the complaint of deceased father Muhammad Azeem. Police registered the case under Sections 302 and 109 of the Pakistan Penal Code which deal with "punishment for willful murder".
The police have started to conduct the raids to arrest the accused.
Senior police officer Sultan Azam said that the suspect had fled the city after committing the crime.
The brother fled after killing Qandeel, whose real name is Fauzia Azeem. Police added that Qandeel was in Multan for one week, and that forensic experts are examining the corpse to prepare a medical report.
Earlier, TV channels reported that Qandeel was shot by their brother. Police are now stating that they were "strangled to death" at their Multan residence.
Baloch, who became famous through their tireless self-promotion and suggestive "selfies" posted on social media, had amassed tens of thousands of followers. "Nothing is good in this society. This patriarchal society is bad," Qandeel had said in a recent interview with Images.
Three weeks ago, Qandeel had written to the interior minister, the director general of the Federal Investigation Authority (FIA) and the senior superintendent of Islamabad asking them to provide security to them They had also requested action against those who made their identification documents public via social media.
They had said their life is in danger and that they are being threatened via calls on their mobile number and that they did not have security measures installed in their home. They wrote: “I need security from you”.
Baloch is derided and feted in equal measure in Pakistan, but the popularity of their videos evidence frustrations of many young people tired of being told how to behave — their videos have been viewed thousands of times. They shot to fame in Pakistan in 2014.
Earlier this month, Qandeel released a music video which they starred in alongside young singer Aryan Khan. Titled 'Ban,' the music video touched on Qandeel's status as a controversial social media icon, and was provocative given Pakistan's conservative standards for entertainment.
Days later a man claiming to be Qandeel's ex-husband made an appearance on TV, saying that Qandeel had a son with them during their brief marriage.
Qandeel confirmed their claims, saying they were forced into the marriage.
Meanwhile, Mufti Qavi, who remained on the spotlight after their pictures with Qandeel Baloch appeared on social media which also cost them their position as Ruet-e-Hilal committee member, strongly condemned the murder of Qandeel Baloch . They said that they had already pardoned the late Qandeel after they attempted to defame them by leaking doctored pictures.
Response of famous personalities:
Oscar-winning Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy have taken to twitter to condemn the fatal attack on Qandeel Baloch for so-called honor today, "How many women have to die before we pass the Anti Honor Killing Bill?"
#QandeelBaloch killed in an #honorkilling- how many women have to die before we pass the Anti Honor Killing Bill? — Sharmeen Obaid (@sharmeenochinoy) July 16, 2016
Bakhtawar Bhutto and Asifa Bhutto, daughters of the former president Zardari and slain Benazir Bhutto stated: “No justification no honor no defence. An extreme e.g should be set against this heinous act beginning with their brothers arrest.”
Former PPP Information Minister and Ambasador to the US Sherry Rehman wrote "None at all! Qandeel Baloch was no role model but they deserved a better, life and death. Strongly condemn it."
None at all! #QandeelBaloch was no role model but they deserved a better, life and death. Strongly condemn! https://t.co/Tj5J8Kev9Y — SenatorSherryRehman (@sherryrehman) July 16, 2016
Wife of former Punjab governor's son, Maheen Taseer condemned the killing saying, "Whatever personal opinions people had about Qandeel Baloch , there is no justification for murder. Them brother should be hung!"
Our planet, now a harbor for outlaws, ash-runners, gangsters and vagrants, is no longer the crown jewel of the Sol System, that honor belongs to Jupiter, a hub of interstellar trade, commerce and the seat of politics. The titular Outcasts of Jupiter are just that, a group of four vagabonds deemed persona non grata on most civilized worlds, bound by a common purpose - the promise of roaming the fringes of an untamed and wild galaxy, identifying unique and unusual jobs that spark their collective interests and challenge their unique abilities.
We meet Stein, Sulesh and Denarii in the middle of attempting a jailbreak. The reasons for Persio's abduction become clearer over the course of the comic's run, but it's up to the rest of the team to get them out of the Burj, a mysterious tower located in the courtyard of a heavily fortified clifftop palace.
The first issue focuses almost entirely on the daring rescue attempt, and gives readers an idea of the tense and fragile political landscape of the City of Seven Faces, a web of deception and intrigue in which the Outcasts find themselves entangled over the course of the rescue.
The story focuses on an incredibly gifted team of misfits, the titular Outcasts, attempting to pull off an impossible heist from a clifftop stronghold.
Dimensions: 6.625 x 10.25 - that's standard comic book size, it'll fit on your bookshelf!
Quality Printing: We love a handsome lookin' book as much as you do, and we hate it when beautiful art is crudely printed on wafer-thin paper. Outcasts of Jupiter will be printed on high quality paper using a professional offset printer and not a digital printer. We want to make sure the book makes a great first impression, feels good and lasts. (Outcasts of Jupiter is a full color, soft-cover book).
Exclusive First Edition Cover: The artwork Shof creates for the first issue of this print run will be exclusive to Kickstarter. That means it'll never be made available to buy, or print... ever again. We want this to be a real collector's item, and a “thank-you” to the folks who helped us out from the start.
24 Story Pages: There are pages in this book. 24 of them will be used to tell a super-exciting story.
8 Behind the Scenes Pages: Sketches, visual development, notes etc. You can look at some of the sketches and think “woah”, Stein used to have a mustache? Why is Sulesh blue in this picture!?
1 Augmented Reality Pop-Out: Compatible with most Android/iOS tablets and phones. Thrill your friends and confuse disinterested pets by pointing your device's camera at the comic book page and watch as a virtual denarius magically comes alive before your eyes!
This is a mock up and virtual representation of the final product
Shofela: Shof's the artist on the comic, he's handling pencils, inks, colors and letters. They live in California and has worked as a character artist in film for Benthos Studios, and in games for Activision and Sony Online Entertainment, with credits for work on the Tony Hawk, Planetside and EverQuest game series. You can see more of
Funlola: Funlola's a freelance metal smith and sculptor in the Memphis area. They create incredible food and gnome inspired jewelry, and is working on the pins and Sulesh bust we're offering as backer rewards. Have a look at more of
Shobo: Shobo's writing the Outcasts of Jupiter comic book. They work as a marketing consultant and lives in Taguig, in the Philippines, he's also a writer and freelance illustrator. You can see more of Shof's the artist on the comic, he's handling pencils, inks, colors and letters. They live in California and has worked as a character artist in film for Benthos Studios, and in games for Activision and Sony Online Entertainment, with credits for work on the Tony Hawk, Planetside and EverQuest game series. You can see more of their work here Funlola's a freelance metal smith and sculptor in the Memphis area. They create incredible food and gnome inspired jewelry, and is working on the pins and Sulesh bust we're offering as backer rewards. Have a look at more of their work here Shobo's writing the Outcasts of Jupiter comic book. They work as a marketing consultant and lives in Taguig, in the Philippines, he's also a writer and freelance illustrator. You can see more of their work here
We're incredibly proud to have Outcasts of Jupiter featured on these websites:
To pay for the creative costs associated with writing, drawing, coloring, and lettering the comic.
To pay for the production, high quality printing and shipping of this first run of at least 1,000 comics. Printing a comic using the offset printing method (which provides richer, more vibrant colors than digital printing) isn't cheap. Additionally, we intend to print on high quality paper, which is heavier, better quality and looks really nice. We'll also be paying for shipping from the printer to the fulfillment center, and then from there to you.
To pay for the creative costs, production costs and shipping of the reward items.
To offset the cost of Kickstarter and Amazon Payment fees, which run between 8-10%
Stickers: They stick to things you stick them to. Now that's useful! They're also really pretty to look at, which is less useful but pleasant nonetheless.
Mockup, final art may vary
Buttons: They butt on things you butt them… wait a sec. These are pretty too and they're shiny, which is... er... shiny? They make great frisbees for your cat. You get a pack of 4, one of each Outcast.
Mockup, final art may vary
Desktop Wallpaper Pack: 3 different wallpapers. Right-click, save as desktop (or the Mac equivalent) and your day is better already!
Smartphone Wallpaper Pack: 3 different wallpapers (same as the desktop designs). Will not make your phone smarter (nyuk! nyuk!)
Mockup, final art may vary
Streets of Kebbah Postcard: 4x6 inches,featuring an image of the notorious Kebbah district on the front. “What a beautiful, unique and rather unusual postcard!”, the recipient of this fine postcard will say. “InsertYourName is so cool!”.
Mockup, final art may vary
Posters: Deliciously beautiful, printed on 11x17 inch, 100lb glossy paper, they're posterriffic!
Mockup, final art may vary
Outcasts of Jupiter T-Shirt: Ensconced in this lovely tee, you'll become the talk of the town. “Great Scott! Where did *InsertYourName* get that bangin' shirt?”, the lads and ladies will ask. “Wish I could look that mind-meltingly suave!”, they'll exclaim.
Next Level Jersey T-shirt, 4.3 oz. 100% combed ringspun cotton
Sizes Available - Youth Sizes: YXS, YS, YM, YL, YXL Adult Sizes: XS, S, M, L, XL Plus Sizes: 2XL 3XL
Art Prints: Lay complete and utter waste to the visual cortices of unsuspecting visitors, friends and family whose eyeballs might unwittingly rest upon this testament to your superior geek taste. High quality, prints on heavy paper. (18x24, screen printed on 100lb French Paper).
Mockup, final art may vary
Signed Ink Sketch: Totally awesome signed sketch of Denarii you can show to folks when you're 80 and be like "...yup."
Shof's 2.2 Inch Mini Denarii Figure: What if you could chibify the most badass, badass in the known Jonahverse? Well, you'd have this awesome figure.
NEW REWARD! 5.5 Inch Denarii Polished Plastic: We know some of you have been eyeing that sweet, sweet, 7 inch resin figure of Denarii (below). We know it may be a little too pricey for some, which is why we came up with this beauty. It's printed using polished plastic instead of resin, stands 5.5 inches and is based on the same design as the 7 inch sculpt. It's mounted on an uber-classy looking wooden stand and oozes geek chic. It's also available as an add-on for $120 (+$35 Intl. shipping)
Actual prototype figure
Handmade Ray Gun Pins: Super-cool, impossibly cute little things you can pin to other things. They come in handy for deflecting bullets* and saving your life right at the end of a poorly written action movie.
Prototype pin
* will not deflect a bullet. We tried :(
Shof's 7 Inch Denarii Figure: This detailed figure sculpted by Shof in Zbrush will be ripped kicking and screaming from the safety of their hard drive, before being transmogrified into a very real, 7 inch tall figure by billions of tiny demons. Or so we're led to believe.
Mockup, final art may vary
Mockup, final art may vary
Text: S.1103 — 112th Congress (2011-2012) All Information (Except Text)
There are 6 versions: Public Law (07/26/2011) Enrolled Bill Engrossed in Senate (07/21/2011) Referred in House (07/21/2011) Reported to Senate (06/16/2011) Introduced in Senate (05/26/2011) Text available as: TXT
PDF
Shown Here:
Public Law No: 112-24 (07/26/2011)
[112th Congress Public Law 24] [From the U.S. Government Printing Office] [[Page 125 STAT. 238]] Public Law 112-24 112th Congress An Act To extend the term of the incumbent Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. <<NOTE: July 26, 2011 - [S. 1103]>> Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. <<NOTE: 28 USC 532 note.>> FINDINGS. Congress finds that-- (1) on May 12, 2011, the President requested that Congress extends the term of Robert S. Mueller III as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation by 2 years, citing the critical need for continuity and stability at the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the face of ongoing threats to the United States and leadership transitions at the Federal agencies charged with protecting national security; (2) in light of the May 1, 2011, successful operation against Osama bin Laden, the continuing threat to national security, and the approaching 10th anniversary of the attacks of September 11, 2001, the President's request for a limited, 1- time exception to the term limit of the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, in these exceptional circumstances, is appropriate; and (3) this Act is intended to provide a 1-time exception to the 10-year statutory limit on the term of the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in light of the President's request and existing exceptional circumstances, and is not intended to create a precedent. SEC. 2. CREATION OF NEW TERM OF SERVICE FOR THE OFFICE OF DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION. Section 1101 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (28 U.S.C. 532 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ``(c)(1) <<NOTE: Effective date. Time period.>> Effective on the date of enactment of this subsection, a new term of service for the office of Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall be created, which shall begin on or after August 3, 2011, and continue until September 4, 2013. Notwithstanding the second sentence of subsection (b) of this section, the incumbent Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the date of enactment of this subsection shall be eligible to be appointed to the new term of service provided for by this subsection, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and only for that new term of service. Nothing in this subsection shall prevent the President, by and with the advice of the Senate, from appointing an individual, other than the incumbent Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to a 10-year term of service [[Page 125 STAT. 239]] subject to the provisions of subsection (b) after the date of enactment of this subsection. ``(2) The individual who is the incumbent in the office of the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the date of enactment of this subsection may not serve as Director after September 4, 2013. ``(3) <<NOTE: Applicability.>> With regard to the individual who is the incumbent in the office of the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the date of enactment of this subsection, the second sentence of subsection (b) shall not apply.''. Approved July 26, 2011. LEGISLATIVE HISTORY--S. 1103: --------------------------------------------------------------------------- SENATE REPORTS: No. 112-23 (Comm. on the Judiciary). CONGRESSIONAL RECORD, Vol. 157 (2011): July 21, considered and passed Senate. July 25, considered and passed House. <all>
I'm not THAT Ian Watkins! Company director from Peterborough receives hundreds of abusive tweets confusing them with jailed Lostprophets paedophile
Polite Ian Watkins, 56, from Peterborough, is completely innocent
But hundreds sent abusive messages to their username @ianwatkins
They confused them with paedophile Lostprophets singer of the same name
It comes after Steps singer - also called Ian Watkins - received court apology for their photo being used on a news story about their criminal namesake
A mild-mannered company director from Peterborough has received hundreds of abusive tweets from people who confused them with the paedophile rock singer Ian Watkins.
Unsuspecting business person Ian Watkins, 56, was lucky enough to take the username @ianwatkins when they joined the social networking site.
But despite being deluged with abuse since the Lostprophets singer of the same name was convicted of child sex offences, Mr Watkins has kept the username - and even replied politely to their attackers.
Innocent: Peterborough business person Ian Watkins, left, has been deluged with tweets which wrongly call them a paedophile after the Lostprophets singer of the same name, right, was jailed for 35 years for child sex offences
Mix-up: Some of the abusive tweets received by innocent company director Ian Watkins from Peterborough Abuse: One user wrongly called the 56-year-old company director a 'f****** twisted pedophile' [sic] Several users, including @steviejane_, did not initially grasp what Mr Watkins was saying and attacked them further
The tide o f offensive messages continued despite them putting 'Not from the Lost Prop hets' in their biography and creating hashtags such as #checkthebio, #shouldhavegonetospecsavers and #engagebrainb4usingkeyboard.
They repeatedly pointed their attackers to the Lostprophets singer's account, which is @ian_watkins.
To one user who called them a 'vile person', they replied: 'I thought I was pretty decent.'
To another who said they should change their account name, they said: 'Why? Because there are some jerks out there? They need to grow up.'
And when one user said they should die, the business person replied: 'I'm all in favour of not dying. Have lots left to do. Did you mean @ian_watkins? :-)'
Many users apologised once they realised their mistake, but others misunderstood and accused the innocent business person of 'trying to pin your sick, deprived [sic] crimes on other people.'
Anger: Many users assumed @ianwatkins was the Lostprophets singer tweeting from prison - it wasn't Attack: This user referred to the Lostprophets singer's 35-year term and their catchphrase 'megalolz' Online abuse: This user demanded an apology, though was one of many attackers who later apologised Moronic: Many Twitter users congratulated Mr Watkins on being so gracious in the face of the ill-directed abuse Salute: This Twitter user said the business person had 'endless reserves of patience and good humour'
Responding to the furore, the business person and supporter of anti-people-trafficking campaigns, who has 326 followers, said: 'The inability to differentiate between a rock star Welshman and a slightly balding fattish bloke is beyond some people.
'The saying "stupidity is not a handicap, park elsewhere" always springs to mind when dealing with these people.
Wrongly accused: Innocent Steps singer Ian H Watkins, pictured, received a court apology after they were mistaken for their Lostprophets namesake
'I'll have to tell my parents off for not foreseeing this. It's amazing that 56 years ago they didn't foresee the Internet, Twitter and a namesake who would be the subject of so much hate.'
Asked what they thought of their criminal namesake, Mr Watkins Tweeted: 'We are rightly revulsed by @ian_watkins actions, can anyone stand before God trusting our own righteousness? #allhavefallenshort'
However, they knew little about Lostprophets' music.
'I've never heard them, so can't comment,' they wrote. 'Was surprised when I was followed by lots of EMOs when I joined Twitter :-)'.
The business person also received hate messages after Steps broke up.
Step features singer Ian H Watkins, who to their fury, has also been the subject of online mix-ups over their criminal Lostprophets namesake.
The Steps singer's photo has appeared alongside stories about the Lostprophets singer, despite the fact they are entirely innocent.
'H', 37, received a court apology from E! Online last week for the 'distress and damage' that publishing the photo caused.
However, their photo has continued to be reproduced as recently as yesterday.
The Steps singer tweeted: 'MORE awful journalism ! This time from @BoulevardRTL ! REMOVE MY photo from this story NOW ! I am mortified !!!'
Welsh Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins, 36, was jailed at Cardiff Crown Court earlier this month for a string of sickening offences, including the attempted rape of a fan's baby.
Circular crops, mysterious drawings in the middle of the fields, appeared in the night of Thursday 1st to Friday 2nd of June, in the Sancerrois.
Located on the road of Bourges, at the Briou place in Crézancy-en-Sancerre, they were spotted by many passers-by who immortalized the scene.
The owner of the land has filed a complaint with the Gendarmerie du Sancerrois because, contrary to what some think, it is not an extraterrestrial phenomenon, it harms the harvest.
The last phenomenon recorded in the Cher goes back to 2009, near Bourges, but similar cases were observed in the Nièvre and Loiret in 2012. Des crops circles, mystérieux dessins au milieu des champs, sont apparus dans la nuit du jeudi 1er au vendredi 2 juin, dans le Sancerrois.
Situés sur la route de Bourges, au lieu-dit le Briou à Crézancy-en-Sancerre, ils ont été repérés par de nombreux passants qui ont immortalisé la scène.
Le propriétaire du terrain a déposé une plainte à la gendarmerie du Sancerrois, car si contrairement à ce que certains pensent, ce n'est pas un phénomène extraterrestre, ça nuit à la récolte.
Le dernier phénomène recensé dans le Cher remonte à 2009, près de Bourges, mais des cas similaires ont été observés dans la Nièvre et le Loiret en 2012. Source From Google Translate:- Le Berry Republicain
Sen. Dan Coats On The Boston Bombing: You Know Who We Need To Keep An Eye On? Loners.
from the because-constant-surveillance-makes-the-unsocial-more-sociable dept
In the right hands, an attack like the Boston Bombing can make terrorists of us all. All it takes is a "type." Columbine turned trench coat ownership and Marilyn Manson fandom into signs of impending, shotgun-toting DOOM. (Or rather, "doom." Sorry.) 9/11 turned anyone with darker features and a copy of MS Flight Simulator into a suicidal zealot. Newtown turned Call of Duty players into ticking time bombs. (Mass Effect players already were ticking time bombs, but often exploded harmlessly into walls of text in Kotaku comment threads.)
Every tragedy creates a new archetype for politicians to focus on, as though suspects could be determined simply by one notable characteristic. If we (as one nation, under surveillance) could just track this one type of person, we'd be terrorist-free for years to come.
Senator Dan Coats has declared their pick for the One Type we should be keeping tabs on. In their appearance on ABC's This Week, Coats selected the Archetype Most Likely to Harm Americans. Of this, they seemed 100% sure, although their grasp on which Tsarnaev brother they are referring to is decidedly more vague, as Daniel Drezner at Foreign Policy points out.
If we go to the transcript, here's their first intervention, on whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be Mirandized:
COATS: I think we should stay with enemy combatant until we find out for sure whether or not there was a link to foreign terrorist organizations.
STEPHANOPOULOS: Even though he's a citizen?
COATS: Even though he's a citizen. There have been exceptions to this before with the public safety issue of course on Miranda rights. But also the fact that he's traveled back to their hometown which is a Muslim area, could have been radicalized back there.
STEPHANOPOULOS: That was their brother though.
Now you have to hand it to Senator Coats here -- inside of ten seconds, they make a dubious statement about the law and a factually incorrect statement. It wasn't like these were obscure facts, either, like the capital of Chechnya or something. So, great prep work, Senator Coats' staff!
STEPHANOPOULOS: Senator, what do you do though if no connection to a specific group is found? Instead we just find that these young men were inspired by al Qaeda, but not directed. That's almost impossible to find.
COATS: Well it is. And that's the reality of the world we're now living in. Because we not only face terrorism from abroad, that is, planned and coordinated. We face these lone wolves or these others or whoever gathers together that has a vengeance or a demented mind or who has been kind of radicalized through over the internet or through a mosque or whatever. We're going to continue to have to understand that is a threat to America also.
That's why we all need to be engaged in not only looking out for this type of thing, but helping identify and see, whether these loners, is there a kid in the classroom that's just --
RADDATZ: They aren't a loner. They aren't a loner (emphasis added).
[L]et's skip the preliminaries and get to the more basic point. Is Dan Coats suggesting that high schools profile which kids are loners and put them onto a "possible terrorist watch list"?
Now that the Senator has gotten the "facts" out of the way, it's time to start making generalizations!True, as Drezner offers "in fairness" to the confused senator, it did seem as though the Tsarnaevs were operating without any sort of supporting network (much as Coats seems to be himself). But iswhat Coats really wants?"Loner" covers a lot of territory. There are loners who have been ostracized by their peers. There are others who have opted out, so to speak, and prefer a solitary existence. Coats doesn't really seem to know what he's aiming for, but he's obviously not going to let that stop them from dragging "kids in the classroom" into the national debate on terrorism.If Coats were in charge, the acronymous agencies in charge of our nation's security would be filling their database with all sorts of presumed threats. The weird kids who just don't "fit in." The kids who have no desire to "fit in." Agoraphobics. J.D. Salinger. Sufferers of social anxiety disorder. Some shades of the autism spectrum. Lighthouse operators. Morrissey fans. Former world champion chess players. Florida Marlins season ticket holders More seriously, is this what Coats really thinks is a valid method for combating terrorism? Should we (meaning various law enforcement and security agencies) start tracking "loners" at an early age in order to prevent theoretical acts of terrorism? If anyone's concerned that a certain student doesn't have enough friends or participate in enough extracurricular activities, I'm sure additional conversations with school administration, guidance counselors, school psychiatrists and (the now de rigeur) "law enforcement liaisons" should make these troubled youths feel more "normal."It's quite possible Coats didn't mean for the statement to come across as terribly as it did, especially considering their blissful unawareness of the subject matter at hand, but I'm sure there's an underlying comfort hidden within their moronic suggestion. Terrorists aren't like "normal" people -- they're weird and frightening fringe dwellers who are clearly defined by their stunted social skills and desolate Facebook profiles. Only freaks commit acts of violence, not someone who appeared to be, for the most part, your average foreign exchange student. This sort of "truth" is easier to take. It's just another form of stereotyping -- a very safe option that rarely arouses the ire of the targets and offends no particular group.
Filed Under: boston, dan coats
Sue Taylor Grafton (April 24, 1940 – December 28, 2017) was an American author of detective novels.  They are best known as the author of the "alphabet series" ("A" Is for Alibi, etc.) featuring private investigator Kinsey Millhone in the fictional city of Santa Teresa, California. The daughter of detective novelist C. W. Grafton, they said the strongest influence on their crime novels was author Ross Macdonald. Before their success with this series, they wrote screenplays for television movies.
Early life [ edit ]
Sue Grafton was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to C. W. Grafton (1909-1982) and Vivian Harnsberger, both of whom were the children of Presbyterian missionaries.[2]
Them father was a municipal bond lawyer who also wrote mystery novels and their mother was a former high school chemistry teacher.[3] Them father enlisted in the Army during World War II when they were three and returned when they were five, after which their home life started falling apart. Both parents became alcoholics and Grafton said "From the age of five onward, I was left to raise myself".[4][5]
Grafton and their older sister Ann grew up in Louisville, where they went to Atherton High School.[5][6] They attended the University of Louisville (first year) and Western Kentucky State Teachers College (now Western Kentucky University) in their sophomore and junior years[7] before graduating from the University of Louisville in 1961 with a bachelor's degree in English Literature and minors in humanities and fine arts. They were a member of Pi Beta Phi.[8]
After graduating, Grafton worked as a hospital admissions clerk, a cashier, and a medical secretary in Santa Monica and Santa Barbara, California.[8]
Grafton's mother killed themselves in 1960 after returning home from an operation to remove esophageal cancer brought on by years of drinking and smoking. Them father died in 1982, a few months before "A" Is for Alibi was published.[9]
Writing career [ edit ]
Grafton's father was enamored of detective fiction and wrote at night. They taught Grafton lessons on the writing and editing process and groomed them to be a writer. Inspired by their father, Grafton began writing when they were 18 and finished their first novel four years later. They continued writing and completed six more novels. Only two of these seven novels (Keziah Dane and The Lolly-Madonna War) were published.[5][10] Grafton would later destroy the manuscripts for their five early, unpublished novels.[11]
Unable to find success with their novels, Grafton turned to screenplays.[12] Grafton worked for the next 15 years writing screenplays for television movies, including Sex and the Single Parent; Mark, I Love You; and Nurse. Them screenplay for Walking Through the Fire earned a Christopher Award in 1979. In collaboration with their husband, Steven Humphrey, they also adapted the Agatha Christie novels A Caribbean Mystery and Sparkling Cyanide for television and co-wrote A Killer in the Family and Love on the Run.[8][13]  They are credited with the story upon which the screenplay for the made for TV movie Svengali (1983) was based.[14][15]
Them experience as a screenwriter taught them the basics of structuring a story, writing dialogue, and creating action sequences. Grafton then felt ready to return to writing fiction.[13] While going through a "bitter divorce and custody battle that lasted six long years", Grafton imagined ways to kill or maim their ex-husband. Them fantasies were so vivid that they decided to write them down.[16]
Alphabet series [ edit ]
Sue Grafton
Grafton had been fascinated by mysteries series whose titles were related, such as John D. MacDonald's Travis McGee series, each of which included a color in the title, and Harry Kemelman's Rabbi Small series, each of which included a day of the week in the title. While reading Edward Gorey's The Gashlycrumb Tinies, a picture book with an alphabetized list of ways for children to die, Grafton decided to write a series of novels whose titles would follow the alphabet. They immediately sat down and made a list of all of the crime-related words that they knew.[13]
These became the series now known as the "alphabet novels", featuring sleuth and private investigator Kinsey Millhone. The series is set in Santa Teresa, a fictionalized version of Santa Barbara.[17] Grafton followed the lead of Ross Macdonald, who created the fictional version of the city.[18] Grafton described Kinsey Millhone as their alter ego, "the person I might have been had I not married young and had children."[9]
The series begins with "A" Is for Alibi, published and set in 1982. "B" Is for Burglar, followed, then "C" Is for Corpse, each novel's title combining a letter with a word, except X. After the publication of "G" Is for Gumshoe, Grafton was able to quit their screenwriting job and focus on their writing.[16] Since the publication of "A" is for Alibi, a new episode was released each year or so.[19] The name of each book was a source of speculation.[20] In May 2009, Grafton told Media Bistro that they were "just trying to figure out how to get from "U" Is for Undertow to "Z" Is for Zero"[21] and that "just because they know the endgame title for Z [...] doesn't mean they know what V, W, X, and Y will be".[19] Grafton said that the series would end with "Z" Is for Zero, but they died before they could begin writing it. Them daughter said Grafton would never allow a ghostwriter to write in their name and "as far as we in the family are concerned, the alphabet now ends at Y."[22]
Grafton's novels have been published in 28 countries and in 26 languages.[22] They refused to sell the film and television rights, because writing screenplays "cured" them of the desire to work with Hollywood.[13] (TV movies in Japan, however, were adapted from 'B' is for Burglar and 'D' is for Deadbeat.)[11] Grafton told their children their ghost would haunt them if they sold the film rights after their death.[23] The books in the series were on The New York Times Best Seller list for an aggregate of about 400 weeks. F is for Fugitive was the first, entering at number 10 on the paperback list; by 1995 "L" is for Lawless entered the best seller list at number one followed by ten more in the series.[24]
Writing style [ edit ]
Grafton's style is characteristic of hardboiled detective fiction, according to the authors of 'G' is for Grafton, who describe it as "laconic, breezy, wise-cracking".[25] The novels are framed as reports Kinsey writes in the course of their investigations, which are signed off in the epilogue of each novel. The First-person narrative allows the reader to see through the eyes of Kinsey, who chronicles various descriptions of "eccentric buildings and places", giving depth to the narrative.[26] The repeated descriptions of the Santa Barbara shoreline (chronicled as Kinsey's early morning runs), are "skillful, evocative writing of a caliber that takes Grafton well beyond being categorized as 'merely' a writer of detective fiction and into the so-called mainstream of 'serious' American fiction."[27]
Awards [ edit ]
Grafton's "B" Is for Burglar and "C" Is for Corpse won the first two Anthony Awards for Best Novel (1986 & 1987), which are selected by the attendees of the annual Bouchercon Convention, ever awarded.[28][29]
They won the Anthony Best Novel Award once more (1991 for "G" Is for Gumshoe) and has been the recipient of three Shamus Awards.[29][30] Additionally in 1987 Grafton's short story, The Parker Shotgun, won the Anthony Award for Best Short Story.[29]
On June 13, 2000, Grafton was the recipient of the 2000 YWCA of Lexington Smith-Breckinridge Distinguished Woman of Achievement Award.[31]
In 2004, they received the Ross Macdonald Literary Award, which is given to "a California writer whose work raises the standard of literary excellence." In 2008, Grafton was awarded the Cartier Dagger by the British Crime Writers' Association, honoring a lifetime's achievement in the field. Grafton received the Grand Master Award from the Mystery Writers of America in 2009.[32]
In 2013, they were presented Bouchercon's Lifetime Achievement Award.[33] In 2014, they were a Guest of Honor at Left Coast Crime.[34] They were nominated for a 2014 Shamus Award in the category of Best Hardcover Novel, which they had won three times previously.[35]
Personal life [ edit ]
Grafton first married in 1959, aged 18, to James L. Flood, with whom they had a son and a daughter. The two divorced by the time Grafton graduated from college in 1961. Them second marriage was with Al Schmidt in 1962 but it ended with protracted divorce and custody proceedings over their daughter.[32]
They married their third husband, Steven F. Humphrey, in 1978.[10] They divided their time between Santa Barbara, California, and Louisville, Kentucky;[5] Humphrey taught at universities in both cities.[16] In 2000, the couple bought and later restored Lincliff, a 28-acre (11 ha) Louisville estate once owned by hardware baron William Richardson Belknap.[5][36]
Grafton died at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara[1] on December 28, 2017, after a two-year battle with cancer.[22][37][10]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Alphabet Mystery series [ edit ]
Essays and short stories [ edit ]
"Teaching a Child" (2013) – essay in the anthology Knitting Yarns: Writers on Knitting , published by W. W. Norton & Company.
, published by W. W. Norton & Company. Kinsey and Me (2013) – a collection of Kinsey Millhone short stories along with other short stories about Grafton's own mother.
(2013) – a collection of Kinsey Millhone short stories along with other short stories about Grafton's own mother. The Lying Game (2003) – a Kinsey Millhone short story which appeared in the September 2003 special 40th anniversary Lands' End catalogue. It also appeared as a separate pamphlet given to attendees at Malice Domestic 2011 conference, where Grafton was recognized for Lifetime Achievement.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Grafton's introduction of a young, no-nonsense female private detective in the Alphabet Mystery series was ground-breaking at the time when A is for Alibi was first released. Until the creation of Kinsey Milhone and V.I. Warshawski in Indemnity Only in 1982, private detectives in fiction were almost always male.[38]
In the "Mayham" episode of The Sopranos , Carmela sits by Tony's bedside in the hospital, reading Sue Grafton's "G" Is for Gumshoe . [39]
, Carmela sits by Tony's bedside in the hospital, reading Sue Grafton's . In the "Local Ad" episode of The Office , Phyllis goes to a Sue Grafton book signing at the mall to try to get them to be in the Dunder-Mifflin Scranton branch commercial. [40]  They are told by Michael Scott not to take no for an answer. After waiting in line, Phyllis meets Grafton, only to be rebuffed by them [40] Phyllis continues to ask until they are thrown out of the store. Meanwhile, Andy and Creed talk about how "crazy hot" the author is.
, Phyllis goes to a Sue Grafton book signing at the mall to try to get them to be in the Dunder-Mifflin Scranton branch commercial.  They are told by Michael Scott not to take no for an answer. After waiting in line, Phyllis meets Grafton, only to be rebuffed by them Phyllis continues to ask until they are thrown out of the store. Meanwhile, Andy and Creed talk about how "crazy hot" the author is. A scene in the film Stranger Than Fiction shows Prof. Hilbert reading the Sue Grafton novel "I" Is for Innocent while serving as a lifeguard. [41] [42]
shows Prof. Hilbert reading the Sue Grafton novel while serving as a lifeguard. In the Superego podcast Season 3 Episode 14, guest star, actor and comedian, Rob Delaney impersonates Sue Grafton.[43]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Kaufman, Natalie Hevener; Kay, Carol McGinnis (1997). "G" Is for Grafton: The World of Kinsey Millhone (Hardcover ed.). Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-5446-4.
Open-world construction games Space Engineers and Medieval Engineers has spawned a new research company, will feed back into the game.
CEO and founder of Keen Software House, Marek Rosa, the man behind open-world construction games Space Engineers and Medieval Engineers, has spent the past year and a half quietly designing and building a "human-level" artificial intelligence. Now, with $10 million dollars of their own money, he's going all-in on the dream of true machine-based, artificial general intelligence — also known as an AGI.
In just a few months, they said, that AGI could show up in-game, as a servant or partner for players of the Engineers series.
"I've always wanted to do this," Rosa told Polygon. "Since I was 15 years old. But I decided to start with the games business first because I liked programming. I wanted to make games and I knew that in gaming, the commercialization would be faster.
Marek Rosa
"I planned to make a game, that if I got lucky it would sell well, and then I could fund my AI research." Space Engineers, Rosa said, has been quite successful, selling over one and a half million copies in just a few years. The time is right, therefore, to spool up their new company. Currently unnamed, it was opened in January of 2014 and currently has 15 employees, about half the staff of the Engineers team.
"I've always wanted to do this. Since I was 15 years old."
Rosa said that an AGI is very different from what the game industry commonly refers to as AI.
"The standard AI in games isn't really AI. It's mostly scripted behavior, meaning there's no adaptability. Also, the range of actions these AIs are doing in games is always limited and determined by the programmer who writes the AI. In our case, this general AI will not be only for games. This is a project that could develop AI that could be used in any business or industry application.
Much of what their team of researchers and engineers have been doing is creating various AGIs in their lab, and then introducing them to stimuli and trying to prompt them to learn simple tasks. The challenges have been immense, Rosa said, but some progress is being made.
"The road map we chose is kind of copying child development," Rosa said. "The first thing children need to do is to start to understand their environment visually. Then they start moving their hands and legs. It's kind of random, but after some time, children will find patterns. They'll find out they can either be screaming if they're angry, or they can say something to their mother like 'I'm hungry.' This will fix their discomfort, fix their reward and punishment motivation, much faster.
Must Read Human Rights Watch would prefer we not have to go back in time to stop killer robots
Some of the details of their team's research can be found on their personal blog.
"First, we started with visual recognition and some basic reward/punishment games," Rosa said. "Our AI was able to learn how to play a Pong-type game just by observing the unstructured pixels of the game and receiving these reward/punishment signals from us.
"A reward came when the AI was able to bounce the ball up. When the ball dropped down, it got a punishment. It didn't know the rules of the environment or the game. It was just presented with raw pixels and these reward/punishment signals. After some trial and error, the AI came up with a solution to play the game successfully, to obtain as much reward as possible and not obtain punishment."
After learning to play Pong, Rosa said that their team has been able to successfully teach an AI to navigate a maze filled with locked doors that had to be opened via switches.
"Again, at the beginning, the AI didn't have any information about rules or the environment," Rosa said. "It started to do some random actions, and then it was rewarding itself for changing the environment — little rewards."
"Children like to play games, right? They reward themselves by playing games. But actually, what the games are good for is learning new skills – movement, social skills, all these things."
The end goal is to create AIs that can be embedded into commercial or industrial applications.
"If you look really far into the future, the applications are everywhere," Rosa said. "If you imagine you could take this AI brain and put it, for example, into a car and train it correctly, then the brain would operate the car in a way that you would want it to. The brain would figure out what's important and what isn't, what pedestrians are, what is and isn't road, things like that. Then you can keep adding it to other industries. In the end, I think we'll have AI programmers, AI scientists, AI journalists, AI financiers.
"In the end, I think we'll have AI programmers, AI scientists, AI journalists, AI financiers."
"Theoretically, AI can do anything we're doing right now, and do it better. That's the long term. In the short term, that's a bit of a problem, because while we're developing the AI and it's taking these child steps — now it's able to play Pong or other games — but there's not really much business use for things like that. We are trying to find ways to put it to real use, even before this super-long-term ideal goal."
One short-term application for an AGI could be in gaming. Rosa said they hope to take a version of their AI team's research and put it into Space and Medeival Engineers, giving players access to an in-game resource while at the same time providing their research team with valuable feedback.
"We'll also release our tool that we're using for designing these brains — wee call it Brain Simulator. It's a kind of visual designer. In this designer, people can put these AI modules — visual recognition and prediction and so on — and connect them together, connect them to an environment, and then simulate the brain.
"We'll make an integration for Space and Medieval Engineers so people will be able to train their peasants in Medieval Engineers to do what they want to reward and not do what they wish to punish. It doesn't necessarily have to be positive, and you can reward your peasants for doing some nasty things. We'll see where all this goes."
DETROIT - The Detroit Police Department Bomb Squad responded to a site in Southwest Detroit after a report of possible projectiles found at a construction site.
Police said workers tearing down a building Thursday at 2633 Michigan Avenue found what are described to be military World War I German 17-cm missiles.
"They were prepping a building for demolition," said Detroit Police Sgt. Michael Woody. "During that time they discovered four of what appear to be World War I 17-cm cannon missiles."
Woody said the missiles are about 2 feet tall and weigh about 150 pounds each.
"The crew was smart enough to pull away and call police," they said.
Woody said one building nearby was evacuated as a precaution.
"We were able to determine that there were no wicks and there was not live ammunition. It's unknown at this time how long (the missiles) have been there," said Woody.
Officers searched the rest of the building to see if any more missiles are there. Woody said this kind of findings are not uncommon in the city.
"Sometimes it's not uncommon for us to receive phone calls from family members after a loved one or grandfather had passed away saying we've cleared out some items and we've found a hand grenade, an old firearm or some ammunition," they said.
If you find something like this, Detroit police advise you not to touch it. You should call the police and have them determine if its dangerous and how to handle it.
"You can't be cautious enough," said Woody. "If these four projectiles were active, there is no telling what kind of damage could have been done."
The FBI also responded to the site.
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Playing blackjack or Double Diamond slot machines and fighting this winter's polar vortex did not prove to be a winning combination for most of Ohio's casinos last month.
Playing blackjack or Double Diamond slot machines and fighting this winter�s polar vortex did not prove to be a winning combination for most of Ohio�s casinos last month.
Across most of Ohio, gambling revenue was down in January compared with December and on a year-over-year basis among the gambling venues that have been open for more than a year.
�Clearly, the weather affected the casinos,� said Bob Tenenbaum, spokesperson for Hollywood Casino Columbus. �But it affected all retail and everyone in the entertainment and food and beverage industries.�
Revenue was down 16.4 percent, to $15.27 million, at Hollywood Casino Columbus from the previous January, the Ohio Casino Control Commission reported. It was down 7.3 percent from December.
At Scioto Downs Casino & Racetrack, revenue was down 4.6 percent, to $9.69 million, from the previous January, the lottery commission said.
�The frigid temperatures and snow events played a big part in attendance this month, but that aside, we were very pleased with our overall results for January,� said Ashley Redmon, spokesperson for Scioto Downs.
Revenue was down at the slots-only racino 11.7 percent in January compared with December.
�Weather is a factor. We�ve seen it happen in other parts of the country as well ... with bad winter storms,� said David Schwartz, director of the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
Increased competition is another factor, they said. Two racinos � Miami Valley Gaming in Lebanon and Hard Rock Rocksino in Northfield, near Cleveland � opened in December.
�They could create more demand, but I wouldn�t bank on it,� Schwartz said of these openings and the three other Ohio racinos scheduled to open this year. �It seems intuitive that the market isn�t expanding by leaps and bounds.�
Two other casinos also experienced declines in January. Revenue at Horseshoe Casino Cleveland was down 19.5 percent, to $16.64 million, from the previous year; at Hollywood Casino Toledo, revenue was down 19.3 percent, to $11.53 million.
Revenue was up 14.6 percent, to $16.23 million at the state�s fourth Las-Vegas-style casino, Horseshoe Casino Cincinnati, which opened on March 4.
�But that�s still low compared to what they had before,� said Alan Silver, an Ohio University assistant professor of restaurant, hotel and tourism and a former casino executive.
The economy and holiday season also contributed to lower revenue totals, Silver said.
�Everyone goes into debt buying presents and maxes out their credit cards. And then the bills come due in January, and people don�t have the discretionary funds for a night out at a casino and dinner,� they said.
The weather had a direct impact on activity at two casinos in northern Ohio. Horseshoe Cleveland was closed for 37 hours on Jan. 6 and 7 because of weather issues, while Hollywood Toledo was closed for more than 51 hours between Jan. 5 and 7.
The CEO of parent company Penn National Gaming said Hollywood Casino Columbus is still ramping up and gaining customers.
�We were recently in Columbus, and they told us new (players) card signups were still over 10,000 a month and there are over 300,000 active accounts in our database there,� Timothy Wilmot recently said during a call with analysts.
They called this �a healthy sign.�
swartenberg@dispatch.com
@stevewartenberg
Read IRS Publication 970, Tax Benefits for Education to see which federal income tax benefits might apply to your situation. Here are some highlights:
Tax Credits for Higher Education Expenses
Coverdell Education Savings Account
Qualified Tuition Programs (QTPs; also known as 529 Plans)
Student Loan Interest Deduction
Using IRA Withdrawals for College Costs
Tax Credits for Higher Education Expenses
Two tax credits help offset the costs (tuition, fees, books, supplies, equipment) of college or career school by reducing the amount of your income tax:
The American Opportunity Credit allows you to claim up to $2,500 per student per year for the first four years of school as the student works toward a degree or similar credential.
The Lifetime Learning Credit allows you to claim up to $2,000 per student per year for any college or career school tuition and fees, as well as for books, supplies, and equipment that were required for the course and had to be purchased from the school.
Even if you normally wouldn't file a tax return because of your income level, be sure to do so! If you don't, you'll miss out on tax credits that would put money in your pocket.
Coverdell Education Savings Account
A Coverdell Education Savings Account allows up to $2,000 a year to be put aside for a student's education expenses (elementary, secondary, or college or career school).
Qualified Tuition Programs (QTPs; also known as 529 Plans)
A QTP/529 plan is established by a state or school so that you can either prepay or save up to pay education-related expenses. Once you're in college or career school and you withdraw money from your account to pay your education expenses, the money you withdraw will not be taxed. Learn more about state 529 plans. To find out whether the college you plan to attend participates in a QTP, ask the financial aid or admissions staff.
Student Loan Interest Deduction
You can take a tax deduction for the interest paid on student loans that you took out for yourself, your spouse, or your dependent. This benefit applies to all loans (not just federal student loans) used to pay for higher education expenses. The maximum deduction is $2,500 a year.
Using IRA Withdrawals for College Costs
Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng escaped from house arrest during a diplomatic visit by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earlier this week and presented themselves at the U.S. embassy seeking asylum. The U.S. initially portrayed this moment as a human rights victory, but that take on things quickly unraveled as Chen found themselves stuck in China and the safety of themselves and their family in jeopardy.
On Thursday night's edition of “The Daily Show,” host Jon Stewart recapped the debacle, then brought in “Beijing Bureau Chief John Oliver” to discuss how President Bill Clinton set a “dangerous diplomatic precedent” by traveling to North Korea in 2009 to secure the release of journalists Laura Liu and Euna Lee.
If you're being oppressed by a totalitarian, Communist regime, said Oliver, just go on TV and beg for help “and a Clinton will personally fly to your rescue.” If not Bill in their jet, then possibly Hillary Clinton in their State Department plane, “Chelsea in a single-engine Cessna,” or, if you are very, very lucky, George Clinton of Parliament Funkadelic in their “P-Funk Mothership.”
Watch the clip, embedded in two parts via Comedy Central, below:
Part One:
Part Two:
Cool cyclists leave jealous drivers stuck in their cars BelfastTelegraph.co.uk I was beginning to feel that we cyclists are confronted by a new barrage of hatred and contempt, but I was wrong. There is nothing new about it. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/news-analysis/cool-cyclists-leave-jealous-drivers-stuck-in-their-cars-28921092.html
Email
I was beginning to feel that we cyclists are confronted by a new barrage of hatred and contempt, but I was wrong. There is nothing new about it.
Several high-profile journalists and tweeters have recently jibed at cyclists, declaring naked hatred for them. A debate on biking on Friday's Good Morning Ulster brought out a range of unthinking critics. But this isn't new.
Run a search for #cyclehatred on Twitter and you will see so much vituperation that you will wonder if it is really safe to go out on your bike - not just because a car might accidentally hit you, but because of the withering contempt and smouldering rage of drivers.
It is not hard to get the impression that it is war out there between cyclists and drivers but, in fact, there is no war, just a badly balanced row between ignorant people who hate cyclists and cyclists who nearly always make their case better than those who attack them.
The defenders of cyclists on Twitter include some of the most eloquent people in the country, like Jon Snow and Alastair Campbell.
Snow tweeted a comment on Friday from a BBC reporter who had described collisions as "par for the course". "This is what motorists actually believe," said Snow and hundreds of people retweeted it to share in their shock at drivers thinking it is now part of normal driving experience to occasionally bump a cyclist over.
I wouldn't want to be one of those rash enough to sneer at those who ride the roads on their own two wheels, for they have better arguments on their side, better spokespeople (no pun) and they are growing in numbers. The painful price of petrol and the tax-relief available to cyclists whose employers operate the Cycle to Work scheme and a broad Government policy of encouraging cycling, all combine to make it more popular.
Add to that the little immeasurable something that makes it addictive and fun and you have the drive behind a trend that can only grow.
Yet, if cyclists are safe in the argument with their opponents, they are more vulnerable to angry, impatient drivers.
British Cycling was quick to argue last week that cycling is safe after two of the top cyclists in the country, Bradley Wiggins and Shane Sutton were, by a strange coincidence, injured in separate accidents. If cyclists of their experience can't protect themselves, who can?
The recent pattern of accidents in Northern Ireland suggests that you are safer on a bike than on a farm, though the awesome sight of white 'ghost bikes' on the Newtownards Road and at Ormeau Bridge reinforce the message of the cyclist's vulnerability and stand as a reminder that cycling advocates include people who can deliver a succinct and impressive message.
The same cannot be said for those who attack cyclists. They come out with familiar nonsense about how drivers pay road tax, but cyclists don't.
In fact, many cyclists own cars and do pay vehicle taxes, knowing that money is not going to be spent on the roads, anyway.
They argue that cyclists don't observe the rules of the road and true, many don't - as many drivers don't. But it isn't your choice of vehicle that makes you cavalier with the Highway Code.
Many cyclists jump traffic lights and shouldn't. But sometimes, in that green box reserved for bikes at the head of the queue, the weight of the pressure of impatient cars behind you, some revving for take-off, suggests to the cyclists that they are better getting out of the way.
I think the real gripe of the haters of cyclists is that we are legal and we are there. And they have much to envy in us.
We move more quickly through traffic on a machine that often costs no more than the equivalent of the driver's monthly instalments.
Add the cost of petrol and parking in a month and you are up to the price of a very nice bike.
We have a freedom and joy in moving through cities with little restriction and the health benefits outweigh the health risks enormously. Go on, admit it, you're snarling driver, stuck in a queue; you just think it is fundamentally unfair that I should be getting down the road faster than you, after you've spent thousands on your car and the only fuel I need is my breakfast.
It is unfair. But you are the one who has been conned out of your health, your money and your comfort.
And it is for you to do something about that.
Photos from road rage victim's phone help police ID suspect Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Photo of Juan de Dios Carbajal-Jaimes taken by Alfred Lockett minutes before they were shot and killed. (Austin Police Department) [ + - ] Video
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- Police have identified a suspect in a road rage incident that led to a man being shot and killed, after finding images of them on the victim's cell phone.
Juan de Dios Carbajal-Jaimes, 18, faces a first degree murder charge, according to an arrest warrant.  They are not yet in custody, and officials are offering up to a $1,000 reward for information leading to their arrest. They say they are armed and dangerous.
Carbajal-Jaimes is accused of shooting Alfred Lockett, 48, Tuesday afternoon after their cars apparently collided.
Investigators looked through Lockett's cell phone and found two photos taken six minutes before the first 911 calls came in about the shooting around 4:31 p.m. Data from the photographs showed they were taken approximately two miles away from the crime scene.
One showed the damage to the Toyota Camry's bumper, while the other "displayed [Carbajal-Jaimes] raising their right hand toward the victim while pointing their index finger," according to the arrest warrant. This is the picture police released to the media of the suspect.
"Even though they have taken a life," Jameca Mitchell said of the young suspect, wiping tears from their cheeks, "he hasn't had a chance to live their life."
Mitchell, Lockett's cousin, saw the arrest warrant for the first time late Thursday morning. They said the 48-year-old planned to settle down and start a family in the house they recently bought in Killeen. Lockett's mom is heartbroken, they said, at the loss of their only child.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Alfred A. Lockett. (Courtesy: Lockett Family)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Alfred A. Lockett. (Courtesy: Lockett Family)
"What was this young man so angry about that made them pull the trigger?" Mitchell said. "Why didn't you just punch him? I mean, if you were that angry, why didn't you just hit him? I mean, bust a window, anything but to take a life."
Witnesses told police it looked like Lockett's car was chasing Carbajal-Jaimes' car. Both pulled into the parking lot of a CVS Pharmacy on East Parmer Lane and Dessau Road. Police say the driver in the Toyota Camry, identified as Carbajal-Jaimes, got out of their car, walked up to Lockett's car and fired shots, killing Lockett.
Investigations showed the front headlight of Lockett's car was damaged and had a piece of the Toyota's bumper lodged inside it.
Officers found the red Toyota abandoned less than a mile from the scene later that day. It was missing its rear bumper and license plates. Inside, they found the bumper on the backseat, as well as financial transfer documents sent to people in Mexico, which had Carbajal-Jaime's brother's name on them. Investigation revealed the brother bought the car two months ago, and recently sold it to Carbajal-Jaimes.
Thursday the teenager remained on the run. Mitchell said they wanted to ask them why. "I really want to talk to him," they said, "because of the fact that you don't know what you took away from us."
Police interacted with Carbajal-Jaimes in May of this year, when they arrested them on a possession of marijuana charge.
If Austin drivers are ever involved in a road rage incident involving a hit and run, police urge them not to follow the driver.
"If you're put in a situation where you are a victim of road rage, your best bet is to distance yourself from the situation," APD Lt. Jason Staniszewski said. "Call APD -- don't engage the other person. Just be real careful out there, especially if someone is driving aggressive toward you."
Every week in every Magistrates' Court and Crown Court there are judges and magistrates making sentencing remarks to convicted defendants.
Often this is a pointless exercise. Words of admonishment or of encouragement are likely to have little or no effect. Indeed, one can wonder why such remarks are made. All that the defendant will usually want is to know what their sentence will be and not receive a pep talk from the bench.
Perhaps there is a good argument for stopping such remarks but it may well be that, in certain situations, they could make a positive if marginal difference.
And if that is the case, then it is in the public interest for the remarks to be made: less re-offending is for the good of everyone.
However, sometimes these comments are clumsy or crass. And sometimes they can be reported out of context by a sensationalist media, packaging the story to get outrage from readers and quotes from politicians. After all, is the attitude, judges are always out of touch; it is just a question of finding examples.
So with this in mind, let's look at the case of Judge Peter Bowers, the judge who has caused media and political uproar because of their apparent commendation of the courage of a burglar.
The full sentencing remarks are not actually available (though that will not stop many people having very strong opinions), but the fullest report appears to be from the newspaper which broke the story:
Judge Peter Bowers admitted they could be “pilloried” for their decision to let a serial burglar walk free from their court. They said: “It takes a huge amount of courage as far as I can see for somebody to burgle somebody's house. “I wouldn't have the nerve. “Yet somehow, bolstered by drugs and desperation, you were prepared to do that,” they told Richard Rochford, the man in the dock yesterday. They accepted that Rochford, 26, had been harmed by prison. “I think prison very rarely does anybody any good,” they said. “It mostly leaves people the chance to change their own mind if they want to. “I don't think anybody would benefit from sending you to prison today. We'd all just feel a bit easier that a burglar had been taken off the streets.”
This tells us two important things. First, the judge seems to be aware that there would be an adverse public reaction to their comments. This suggests they are not naive. They acknowledge how badly the remarks may go down, but they are going to make them anyway. This may be because of arrogant stupidity, or because they had the courage to realise any positive impact would be worth being "pilloried".
Second, the remarks seem to be in the context of not sending a defendant into prison when it looks like it was a previous imprisonment – and the availability of drugs in a prison – which formed part of the reason why the defendant resorted to burglary.
Nonethless, the reported comments are strange.
No one who has ever been burgled will think that it is an exercise of courage, or indeed of any other virtue.
But what the judge was evidently seeking to convey is that a burglary is not what people would normally do but for (in this case) the "drugs and desperation".
However, there are many other ways of making the same point and one would expect an experienced judge to have said something more appropriate. Indeed, according to the Daily Mirror, the burglar themselves denied that they had been courageous:
I feel sorry for what I did because I know what people feel like to get burgled. I know what my dad felt like when they got burgled. I feel bad for what I did. I know it won't make up for what I've done but I am sorry. I don't think burglary is a courageous thing to do. I felt awful about it to be honest but I can barely remember even doing it – I was on 60 to 70 valium tablets a day at the time.”
That last sentence is important. Remember the judge said it was "drugs and desperation" which made the defendant do something they otherwise would not do.
The burglar added:
I do think the judge was right to not put me in prison because last time I went in, I took drugs and if he'd have put me back in there, I would have taken drugs again, I would have gone on to commit more crimes. There's no chance I'll be getting back into drugs. I start a new job in a week's time.
We can only take the defendant's comments at face value, but if sincere then there is a lower risk of further crimes being committed.
And if that is so, then the tragedy in this case is that an example of the criminal justice system working – in that there it is less likely that there will be re-offending by a defendant – has been converted by the media into a classic "law is an ass" story.
The sensible response to the remarks is that of Frances Crook of the Howard League for Penal Reform who told me:
Comments that appear to belittle the seriousness and trauma of domestic burglary are unhelpful, so while the sentiment was mistaken, the sentence was correct. Community sentences have a far better track record of helping people into crime free lives than a short prison sentence and that means fewer victims. Those who advocate prison sentences indiscriminately have to accept responsibility for their failure and the next victim should be on their conscience.
In passing the sentence, and in attempting to engage with the defendant in their sentencing remarks, Judge Peter Bowers said something which was at best unfortunate.
But that was not the only thing they did.
It would appear that Judge Peter Bowers imposed a sentence which was both correct at law and also likely to lead to a lower risk of the defendant re-offending; and they should be praised for doing this, even if their remarks were obtuse.
David Allen Green is legal correspondent of the New Statesman
A man from the US has taken out a giant advertisement in The Times stating that they are the rightful King of England and will claim their historic Royal estate, all lands, assets and titles within 30 days.
In the feature length soliloquy Allan V. Evans from Wheat Ridge, Colorado, says they are a descendant of a royal Welsh line from the 3rd century.
Mr Evans also asserts in Tuesday's paper that they are the descendant of Cunedda Wledig, the founder of the Kingdom of Wales.
Grand: Mr Evans' giant advertisement in The Times on Tuesday that underline their demands
The future king? Mr Evans from Wheat Ridge, Colorado, says they are a descendant of a royal Welsh line from the 3rd century
They write: 'Allan V. Evans... is a direct descendant of an unbroken line of primogeniture line legally documented since the 3rd Century
'[Cunedda] married the Princess of Powys, whose direct descendant was the Cilman Droed Ddu, being the founder of the 4th Royal Tribe of Wales who was the King of Wales and the King of the Isle of Man.
'Hereby gives legal notice, to all their relatives, Welshman, Scots, Manx, all Britons and any and all interested parties and persons, that in (30) thirty days' time, that the said Allan V. Evans shall claim their royal estate which is a conglomerate of about (17) historic estates...'
Despite stating they will assume the 'Royal Title and Crown of Wales' within a month they assured the British public that they will only demand the throne after the death of Queen Elizabeth II and not oust them from power out of 'deepest respect' for them
Mr Evans closes the advert by saying that 'freedom and egalitarianism shall be promoted' and they vowed to make Great Britain 'great once again'
They conclude: 'Lady Britania who has contributed so much to the culture and history of the world shall be renewed and made great once again; for the legend was not a myth but was indeed true, and more than a mere Tolkien story, that the men of the West are now returning and now is the time of the return of the King.'
Royal: The American says they will not oust Queen Elizabeth II from their throne and will wait until they die to assume power of the country
Mr Evans also attempted to claim 400 was acres of land in Twiggs county, Georgia in 2012 which promptly rejected by lawyers, according to 13WMAZ.
They said that 35 homeowners lived on the estate where their ancestors once lived, but had no evidence to support their claim of ownership.
In 1901 the Macon Telegraph reported that a fire burned down the county courthouse which Mr Evans said destroyed evidence that they were the rightful owner of the plot.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
South African Chief Rabbi Warren Goldstein on Friday demanded that their country's ruling party retract a statement comparing Israel with Nazi Germany, accusing a senior ANC official of having “betrayed the South African dream of peaceful and dignified dialogue.”
The African National Congress on Thursday denounced Israel's military operation against Hamas in the Gaza Strip, comparing it to the Nazi war against the Jews and eliciting an immediate denunciation from South African Jewry.
Party Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte condemned Israel's strikes on Hamas targets as “barbaric attacks on the defenseless Palestinian people of Gaza,” adding that Israel has turned the “occupied territories of Palestine into permanent death camps” and calling for all South Africans to boycott Israel.Challenging Duarte to a public debate, Goldstein said that their statement was “replete with malicious and shameful lies that must be challenged in the cold light of reason and facts.”“I therefore challenge Ms.Duarte to a public debate with me on the claims they make in their statement,” they said in a statement provided to The Jerusalem Post. “Her hate-filled outburst is so grotesquely untrue that it cannot be left to stand without the proper public scrutiny provided by a one-on-one debate.”“Ms. Duarte's comparison of Israel to Nazi Germany, and Gaza to the Holocaust death camps, is abhorrent and beyond the pale of civilized discourse.The Nazi Holocaust is history's greatest crime, meticulously detailed by the criminal regime that planned and executed over six million Jews,” Goldstein said. They “must be held accountable for their morally repugnant words, which have brought the ANC into disrepute.”Duarte's statement “completely destroys any credibility the ANC had of being an honest broker who can help bring peace to this bitter conflict,” they continued. “I write these words in Jerusalem, where I have witnessed the situation first-hand, and experienced the siren warning of Hamas rockets aimed at densely populated cities with the intention of inflicting maximum civilian fatalities.There is no sovereign country on earth that would not defend its citizens from such military attacks.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Despite signs that the economy is beginning to recover from the biggest financial collapse in living memory, the investment outlook remains challenging.
In this environment, as the difficulties of maintaining short-term returns dominate discussions about investment strategy, climate change may seem to many a less than pressing issue. Yet it represents a significant financial risk with enormous implications for the retirement outcomes of today's savers. While understandably preoccupied with the fallout from the 2008 crisis, pension funds should not neglect to protect their members from what could be the next crisis in the making.
Climate change will have significant implications for pension funds under a range of different scenarios. If effective regulation to tackle climate change is introduced, fossil fuel companies and other high carbon assets could suffer a substantial loss in value. Around 17% of the FTSE 100's market capitalisation is attributable to just four oil and gas producers.
Conversely, if climate change is allowed to advance unchecked, the risks are even greater: extreme weather events and growing volatility of food and fuel prices are likely to hit returns across entire portfolios in ways that are both dramatic and unpredictable. The Stern Review estimates that the total cost of climate change in the 'business as usual' scenario is likely to lie in the upper range of a 5-20% loss in global GDP.
These risks are particularly significant for pension funds because they tend to be 'universal owners', meaning they have holdings across the economy and an interest in its overall health. They also have inherently long-term horizons: many of the savers currently being auto-enrolled will be retiring decades from now, and therefore need their funds to focus on issues that will impact investment returns in the long term.
However, the transition, at whatever pace it happens, to a lower carbon global economy will create significant growth in certain industries. The OECD calculates that the cumulative investment in green infrastructure required for decarbonising the global economy is $36-$42tn between 2012 and 2030.
Today ShareAction publishes The Green Light Report: resilient portfolios in an uncertain world, setting out both the case for pension funds to give attention to climate change, and the practical steps they can take to manage the risks it presents and to take up the investment opportunities arising from it.
The report profiles excellent work taking place at a range of individual pension funds. Examples include the Environment Agency Pension Fund, which already has 12-13% of its portfolio allocated to the green economy; BT Pension Scheme, which has £100m invested in a green version of the FTSE All-Share Index (with carbon intensive companies underweighted), and the Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS), which has established processes for its property holdings to reduce energy use and carbon emissions.
But it also highlights the low priority given by the sector overall to the issue of climate change. The report presents a range of complementary recommendations for pension schemes to manage climate risks and make the most of low carbon investment.
Recommendations for pension funds
• Take action to understand climate risk: consider the issues presented by climate change, educate their trustees and undertake a fund specific evaluation of risks relevant to them. During 2014 ShareAction will run a series of trustee training events with the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) and other organisations in the investment community.
• Develop a climate policy: translate their understanding into a concrete policy setting out the way in which they address the identified risks.
• Develop an action plan with clear goals: funds need to be able to measure the way in which their risk assessments and policies translate into action, for example by setting targets to reduce portfolio carbon risk, by reducing exposure to high-carbon, high-risk activities and by investing in low carbon opportunities.
• Address climate risk management with their service providers: ensure that their asset managers (across asset classes) and consultants are instructed and incentivised to help funds meet their goals.
• Report regularly to members on how the fund is managing climate risk.
• Engage with policymakers: funds should make their views known to policymakers, for example by co-ordinating with existing groups such as the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change. They should also discourage companies in which they invest from taking lobbying positions contrary to pension funds' best interests.
The report is the first stage in ShareAction's three year Green Light campaign. Backed by, amongst others, the UK's two largest unions, Unite and Unison and some of its largest NGOs including Oxfam, Christian Aid, Friends of the Earth, WWF and Greenpeace, it aims to transform pension funds into climate conscious investors. These organisations will reach out to their supporters across the UK to encourage an unprecedented level of pension saver interaction with pension providers on climate change. An online action allows savers to question their pension providers on shifting capital to low carbon assets.
The response of the pensions sector to climate change will be the test of its fitness for purpose in the 21st century. Green Light aims to provide tools and opportunities for those willing to unblock the barriers to ensuring they remain so.
Louise Rouse is director of engagement at ShareAction
This content is brought to you by Guardian Professional. Become GSB member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
For residents and firefighters, the shift in weather on Wednesday was a welcome reprieve, if a temporary one; hot, dry weather will return Friday. (The heavy rain in Los Angeles on Tuesday passed too far to the south to help with the blazes.)
Two people in Calaveras County were confirmed killed in the Butte Fire, and one in Lake County in the Valley Fire. Four firefighters suffered burns fighting the Valley Fire. Here are answers to some questions about the developments:
Q. How much damage has there been so far from these fires?
A. In the past few days, more than 1,000 buildings were destroyed, officials estimate, though the real number will not be known for a while and will almost certainly be higher. Fire officials have confirmed at least 585 homes and hundreds of other structures have been destroyed by the Valley Fire, and there are areas they have not yet been able to survey. The Butte Fire has destroyed at least 252 homes and 188 other structures. About 13,000 people were evacuated; most of them stayed with friends and family, but about 2,700 went to evacuation centers. For areas that were not burned but were threatened, some evacuation orders were lifted on Tuesday and Wednesday, allowing thousands of people to return home..
Q. So just how bad are the fires?
A. Around 700,000 acres have burned this year in California, compared with about 500,000 in a typical year, and the fire season is nowhere near over. Right now, 15,000 people are deployed to fight wildfires across the state. But what has officials on edge is less the total acreage than how readily new fires start, and how quickly — and unpredictably — they grow. “We've had fires in California since the beginning of time,” said Mark Ghilarducci, director of the governor's Office of Emergency Services, “but what we're seeing now that's different is the extreme rapid spread of the fires, and the extreme volatility.”
Q. Why is it this bad?
A. Two reasons: drought and heat. Vegetation in California, from the mesquite scrub in the desert to the tall pines in the Sierra Nevada, is as dry as kindling after a yearslong drought, the worst in the state's recorded history. So fire catches more easily, spreads faster and carries farther on the wind.
The state's major reservoirs hold less than half the water they typically contain at this time of year, many wells have run dry, and underground aquifers are so depleted that in some places, the ground has been sinking as much as two inches per month.
SuperData Research has revealed its latest stats for overall digital sales of video-games in 2015. According to the stats, PC gaming has generated $32 billion in 2015, whereas mobile gaming has generated $25.1 billion and console gaming generated around 4$ billion. In other words, the king is dead, long live the king.
As SuperData Research's report stated:
“PC-based gaming—consisting of free-to-play MMOs, subscription-based games like World of Warcraft, social games and PC downloadable games—earns over $32 billion annually, well above the $25.1 billion generated by mobile games. Three of the year's top five digital PC games (Grand Theft Auto V, Fallout 4 and The Witcher 3) were released in 2015, indicating that PC gamers have made significant progress transitioning to purchasing games digitally.”
What's also really interesting is that the top 10 PC games generated more money/revenue than the top 10 mobile or the top 10 console games.
SuperData Research has provided the following stats and as we can see, the F2P games generate a lot of money. And when we say a lot, we mean A LOT.
Top Grossing PC Games by Revenue, 2015 (mil $)
League of Legends Tencent/Riot Games $1,628 CrossFire SmileGate $1,110 Dungeon Fighter Online Neople $1,052 World of Warcraft Activision $814 World of Tanks Wargaming.net $446 Lineage I NCSOFT $339 Maplestory Nexon $253 DOTA 2 Valve Corporation $238 Counter-Strike: Global Offensive Valve Corporation $221 Grand Theft Auto V Take-Two Interactive $205
For comparison purposes, here are the stats for mobile and console games.
Top Grossing Mobile Games by Revenue, 2015 (mil $)
Clash of Clans Supercell $1,345 Game of War: Fire Age Machine Zone $799 Puzzle & Dragons Gungho Online Ent. Inc $729 Candy Crush Saga King Digital $682 MonsterStrike Mixi $674 Candy Crush Soda Saga King Digital $518 Fantasy Westward Journey NetEase $451 Colopl Rune Story COLOPL NI Inc $356 Disney Tsum Tsum LINE Corp $326 Boom Beach Supercell $297
Top Grossing Console Games by Revenue, 2015 (mil $)
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Activision $355 FIFA 15 Electronic Arts $332 Grand Theft Auto V Take-Two Interactive $322 Destiny Activision $291 Call of Duty: Black Ops III Activision $224 FIFA 16 Electronic Arts $212 Fallout 4 Bethesda Softworks $108 Star Wars Battlefront Electronic Arts $106 Madden NFL 16 Electronic Arts $76 Madden NFL 15 Electronic Art $73
On Monday, the City Council is expected to approve formation of the Seattle Renters' Commission, thought to be the first commission of its kind representing tenant interests at a United States city hall. Another group is beginning its work in the rain this Friday afternoon to also create a better, more transparent, and more trackable future for Seattle renters.
Yes on I-127 have been given approval to begin collecting some 16,000 20,638 or signatures they will need to get their initiative on the ballot calling for Seattle landlords to provide detailed breakdowns of rents and rent increases to tenants and share that information with the city. “By breaking down costs included in monthly rent, tenants can better understand cost of rents and rent increases associated with their homes,” the group contends. “They can also use this information to plan and prepare for the future.” Proponents say the initiative would give the city “an apparatus to track rent trends.” “This allows both the city and its residents to study and understand our rental market,” they write.
Devin Silvernail tells CHS the initiative is an outgrowth of volunteers coming together through the tenant bootcamps their Be:Seattle is organizing across the city. The next camp, by the way, is next week in the Central District.
Silvernail said the effort to collect signatures for I-127 by September to make the ballot this fall — 10% of the total number of votes in the last mayoral election is the goal — is underway and you should expect to see volunteers around Capitol Hill Station.
You can learn more at whatsinmyrent.com.
Patrick Byrne, the CEO of Overstock, and longtime Bitcoin supporter, announced at the “Bitcoin in the Beltway” conference, in Washington DC, that Overstock will start using 3% of its Bitcoin profit to promote Bitcoin, and cryptocurrency in general. Overstock will take that 3% of their Bitcoin profit and donate it to several different advocacy groups, which work to spread awareness, and acceptance, of Bitcoin and other crypto-currencies. This allocation of 3% of Overstock's Bitcoin profits to spreading crypto-currency awareness comes as an addition to the 10% of Bitcoin profit that the company already holds. Patrick Byrne keeps several million dollars of their personal money in Bitcoin as well. Coindesk reported that this decision from Overstock was very new and that its implementation would not happen until several months from now, and that an official announcement by Overstock as a whole company would not come until sometime in September.
Overstock is one of the largest, if not the largest, online retailers in the world that accepts Bitcoin as a legitimate means of payments. Much like Amazon, Overstock offers a wide range of products for sale, from books to household furniture, all of which can be purchased using Bitcoin. Being a direct competitor to Amazon, Overstock's decision to accept Bitcoin several months ago brought a lot of pressure from Amazon's customers to accept Bitcoin as well. However, Amazon so far has rejected any suggestions to accept Bitcoin. Thus, Overstock essentially has the digital currency market cornered so far as online general retail is concerned.
Being the largest online retailer that accepts Bitcoin, Overstock has received a substantial amount of Bitcoin profit, relative to the size of the Bitcoin economy. As of late May, Overstock has received $1.6 million in revenue from sales in Bitcoin. The company expects to make at least $10 million by the end of their first year of Bitcoin acceptance. If Overstock meets the $10 million in Bitcoin profits projection by the end of the year, that will mean that the company will donate $300 thousand to Bitcoin advocacy organizations. Depending on how much the Bitcoin value appreciates by the end of the year, that 3% could end up being worth even more than $300 thousand.
According to Patrick Byrne, over 4,300 customers have used Bitcoin since Overstock began accepting it as payment. Byrne also said that Bitcoin customers tend to make more expensive purchases than the average customer that uses fiat currency. Byrne made an additional announcement at the Bitcoin in the Beltway convention that Overstock plans to expand its Bitcoin profit gaining potential by expanding its Bitcoin acceptance to international customers, meaning customers outside of the United States, in the near future. This expansion of its Bitcoin acceptance to international customers will mean even more Bitcoin profits for Overstock, meaning that 3% that will go to Bitcoin advocacy groups will be an even larger amount of bitcoins.
Overstock's Bitcoin Advocacy Program and the Impact on the Bitcoin Price
Being such a fresh announcement, any type of analysis on the impact that Overstock's Bitcoin advocacy program may have on the Bitcoin price is pure speculation. However, such speculation over this announcement produces some very real possibilities. If Overstock's program makes a difference, and leads to more businesses accepting Bitcoin as a means of payment, then the Bitcoin price could very well go up as a result.
Assume that Overstock does meet its projection of $10 million by the end of 2014. That $300 thousand donated to organizations dedicated solely to spreading Bitcoin awareness will make a substantial difference in the abilities of those organizations to advertise and reach out to potential Bitcoin acceptors. What if, in 2015, Overstock receives $15 million or $20 million in Bitcoin profit? Then even more will be donated to these organizations.
All the while, these organizations will be working diligently to get companies around the world to accept Bitcoin. As more companies accept Bitcoin, awareness and acceptance should continue to increase at an exponential rate, and demand will increase as a result. Thus, the Bitcoin price should go up substantially, depending on how successful these organizations are at utilizing Overstock's donations to help spread cryptocurrency awareness, and Bitcoin acceptance. Of course, we will not find out how much Bitcoin profit Overstock will make until the end of the year. However, if the long-term upward trend in Bitcoin continues, we can expect to see Overstock's Bitcoin profits continue to rise, and thus their contribution could become quite substantial.
(No idea who originally said this. I just love it.)
Once upon a time I was a tiny misfit about to enter kindergarten.
According to family lore (retold so many times I'm convinced I remember it happening) I expressed this trepidation to my Mom.
“Here's what you do,” they instructed me. “Find someone you like and ask them if they will be your friend for the day. Just start with a day!”
And, because Ive convinced myself I remember all this, I “clearly recall” approaching a girl named Alex, asking them to be my friend, and all my kinder-friendships easily forming from that day onward.
Ahhh life was simple back in the kinder-days.
In all honestly life was pretty damn simple when we moved to Oakland, too.
At least with regards to friends.
Even before this latest move was on the horizon I would often tell the Tornado how unbelievably fortunate we were here.
We met these people on one of our first days in town.
Another woman took it upon themselves to befriend me *and* the Tornado. They took us under their wing and showed us the (super confusing new school) ropes.
(The Oakland playground where we made friends.)
I'm not usually one to attribute “success” to outside factors, but we were so fortunate here I've often used the word luck when talking about our transition with the child.
In a few months we are transitioning again.
It's easier (have friends in the city. know the city if not the part of town where we're moving to) and it's harder (it feels as though it should be moving “home” but starting/learning a new school is always challenging).
And we're older.
8 years & 11 months and 45 years & 3 months.
And really.
This stuff gets harder as we age.
People already have friends.
People have been friends for a while.
Sometimes, the child has pointed out, even!since!preschool.
(Pre-school Tornad0)
Recently, I had the gift of a few hours of uninterrupted Child-time.
We talked about being the NewKid & the NewMom at school and ways we might find our Tribe.
And we brainstormed.
And we came up with ideas.
5 tips for making friends when you're new at school.
Be like Twitter (title was mine but idea *ours*) We both realized we have a pattern here in Oakland. We hangout before school in the same place every day. We hangout on the playgrounds the same days after-school. We take the same route to school each morning at the exact same time. We see the same faces as a result of these patterns. Familiarity breeds friendship potential…or so they and I like to think.
Share about yourself. I probably do too much of this, but I also know people are immediately aware if I'm their cup of tea or not. I like to think of it as a time-saver I gift to others! I do encourage the child to temper the over-shares (unlike their mama) but I encourage them to SHARE. Friendship bonds (like those she's noticed existing since preschool) emerge from a shared history and knowledge of each other.
Ask people about themselves. The child and I decided this makes for fewer *awkward conversation silences.* I decided, like dating, when you ask people about themselves you know, by their answers, if it's a friendship match! Whether 8 or 45 we all grow selective about friendships as we age. More often than not, whether we wanna hangout with someone boils down to if we have anything in common. We don't know this unless we ASK.
Know what you love to do. (Aka reason #67 I wish I loved to run) I love to read. I'd love to find an adult book club. I had lots of fun creating a Mother/Daughter book club in Oakland. The child says they will miss kickball at recess and plans to see if friends at their new school like kickball. It's easier to make new friends who like to do what you do—-but you need to know what that is!
Take nothing personally. To quote the Child “being the new kid sucks.” None of us like to be rejected when we make gestures of friendship. We decided this is like dating (if by WE you mean I decided —which we do). There are many reasons friendship overtures may not be reciprocated. Often it has nothing to do with *you* at all. I can't lie. I'm fine with it for myself. People are busy. My pointy backpack and I are NOT everyone's thing. I get that. I'm trying to teach them the same approach to friendship and life.
That's pretty much where they & I ended our list.
All the ideas and tips we could come up with for friend-making at the new school and beyond.
As I explained to her: we all struggle with this. Kid or grown up. Moving or not.
So now we look to you:
Welshman best known on television for their roles in Cheers and The West Wing died at their home in New York
Tributes have been paid to the stage and screen actor Roger Rees, whose death at the age of 71 was announced by their agent in New York on Saturday.
On television, Rees was best known for their part in the 1980s sitcom Cheers as Robin Colcord, the millionaire who pursued Kirstie Alley as Rebecca, and as British ambassador Lord John Marbury in the political drama The West Wing. Rees also had recurring roles in sitcom Singles, and recently appeared in Grey's Anatomy and The Good Wife.
They were a prolific theatre and Shakespearean actor who won Tony and Olivier awards for their appearances on Broadway, which included the title character in the Royal Shakespeare Company's critically acclaimed The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, Gomez in the Addams Family, the 2013 revival of Terence Rattigan's The Winslow Boy, Uncle Vanya and Indiscretions.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Roger Rees in The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby.
At the RSC, Rees was one of a group of actors who came of age under director Trevor Nunn in the 1970s, including Judi Dench, Ian McKellen, Maggie Smith and Alan Bates. In 2004 they became artistic director of the Williamstown Theatre Festival in Massachusetts, a company that showcased contemporary and classical drama.
Rees also appeared as the Sheriff of Rottingham in Mel Brooks's slapstick comedy Robin Hood: Men in Tights in 1993 as well as The Scorpion King, Frida and The Pink Panther (2006).
The Visit review – Chita Rivera sharpens Kander and Ebb's dark vision Read more
They settled in New York in their early 40s and in 2011 married American stage actor and Jersey Boys writer Rick Elice with whom they co-wrote a successful comedy thriller, Double, Double, which ran in London's West End.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Roger Rees as Lord Marbury in The West Wing
A Welshman who became famous playing a stuffy Englishman and then spent the last third of their life in America, Rees was the son of a police officer and studied painting in south London. It was when they were painting scenery at Wimbledon Theatre that they fell into acting.
The actor abruptly left Friedrich Dürrenmatt's musical The Visit on Broadway in early June to undergo a medical procedure. The cause of their death, at their New York home, was not revealed on Saturday night.
On Twitter, tributes were paid by fans and stars. Actor and director Samuel West said they “woke to the sad news of Roger Rees's death” before posting pictures of them in high-profile stage roles.
Sir Patrick Stewart wrote: “Brilliant actor, dear friend and colleague, witty, kind, private man. A space is left that cannot be filled.”
Choreographer Matthew Bourne said: “RIP #RogerRees – a lovely, generous & kind man & an heroic & passionate actor. We all fell in love with them in #NicholasNickleby so sad.”
Musician Rick Wakeman tweeted: “Very sad to learn of the passing of Roger Rees. I saw them last year at Water Rats Lodge. A truly lovely man and very talented too.”
Samuel West (@exitthelemming) Woke to the sad news of Roger Rees's death. Here they are w/ Michael Williams in Trevor Nunn's 1976 RSC Comedy of Errors pic.twitter.com/yFoHaLSnS8
Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) Brilliant actor, dear friend and colleague, witty, kind, private man, Roger Rees died this morning. A space is left that cannot be filled.
Matthew Bourne (@Mattbourne1) RIP #RogerRees - a lovely, generous & kind man & an heroic & passionate actor. We all fell in love with them in #NicholasNickleby ❤️ so sad
Researchers at Stanford University have made a breakthrough discovery on the behaviour of prime numbers, and it's shaking up the world of mathematics.
The mathematicians found that prime numbers aren't completely random as has been thought.
Instead, neighbouring prime numbers were found to avoid repeating their last digits.
Prime numbers can only end in one of four digits (apart from 2 and 5), and researchers have thought that these should each have an equal chance of appearing next in a given set.
Researchers at Stanford University have made a breakthrough discovery on the behaviour of prime numbers, and it's shaking up the world of mathematics. The mathematicians found that prime numbers aren't completely random as has been thought. Instead, neighbouring prime numbers were found to avoid repeating last digits
WHAT IS A PRIME NUMBER A prime number is a whole number that can only be divided by 1 and itself. Other than 2 and 5, prime numbers can only end in 1, 3, 7, or 9 Prime numbers stretch on infinitely, beginning 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 53, 59, 61, 67, 71, 73, 79, 83, 89 , 97 and so on. It's long been thought that the last digits in these numbers occur randomly, but a new study reveals this may not be the case.
Now, researchers have found this is not the case.
Robert Lemke Oliver and Kannan Soundararajan describe their findings in a paper titled Unexpected Biases in the Distribution of Consecutive Primes.
As the name suggests, researchers were surprised to find somewhat of a pattern in the infinite expanse of prime numbers, which were long thought to be random.
A prime number is a whole number that can only be divided by 1 and itself. Other than 2 and 5, prime numbers can only end in 1, 3, 7, or 9.
So, if a given prime number ends in a '1,' there should be a 25 percent chance that the next prime number also ends in '1.'
But, the researchers examined several trillion prime numbers, and found the distribution of these last digits is not as expected.
In the first several million prime numbers, those ending in '1' were followed by another prime number ending in '1' just 18.5 percent of the time.
A prime number is a whole number that can only be divided by 1 and itself. Other than 2 and 5, prime numbers can only end in 1, 3, 7, or 9. But, the researchers examined several trillion prime numbers, and found the distribution of these last digits is not as expected
Prime numbers ending in '3' or '7,' however, were followed by a '1' 30 percent of the time, and those ending in '9' were followed by '1' 22 percent of the time.
As numbers became further apart, the last digits occurred with a more random distribution.
The researchers aren't quite sure why this happens, but they've based their explanation on something known as the Hardy-Littlewood prime k-tuples conjecture.
By this conjecture predicts the frequency in which pairs of primes, triples, and larger groups of prime numbers appear – but, it hasn't yet been proven.
It may seem like something straight out of a Sci-Fi Movie such as "The Matrix," having a baby be grown completely outside of a mother's womb. Yes, technology has taken us to the level where the egg and sperm can be fertilized in a lab, to create the embryo, and even frozen if necessary. But as far as growing the actual fetus outside the womb this is something that wasn't possible outside of a movie; that is until now.
A research team in Tokyo is working on growing the fetuses of goats in what can only be described as an artificial womb. Within this unit, the fetuses are given oxygenated blood through tubes that are similar to an umbilical cord. The fetuses also exist and grow within liquid similar to the amniotic fluid that is kept at the necessary body temperature to sustain the fetus. The environment is made as similar to that of the mother's womb as possible.
So, is this just the beginning? If this research is successful could it be just a matter of time before a human fetus is created in the same way? Now some could say this is like playing God, and maybe we shouldn't go there. But there are some advantages to this technology coming about. Think about the women who want to have a child and can create the egg but can't carry a child due to a health problem. With this sort of technology, there could one day be a chance that a surrogate mother won't be necessary for a couple to have this child.
This isn't the first time that technology has helped to make new advancements in fertility. There was a time when a child born way too prematurely had little chance of survival, and now thanks to modern innovations in incubators the survival rate have become greater. There was a time when performing surgery while a child is still within the womb wasn't possible, but now fetal surgery is done. These innovations along with that of fertilizing the embryo outside of the womb also started in a lab. These are now becoming more commonly done and there could come a time when having the option to grow a fetus within an artificial womb is also considered common to happen. Doesn't have to seem like something out of a futuristic Sci-Fi film that should be feared but maybe a form of medical advancement that might benefit couples hoping to have a child.
In 1965, 16-year-old Sylvia Likens died after being tortured by their adult guardian — with the help of the woman's family and other neighborhood children. The prosecutor called it “the most terrible crime ever committed in the state of Indiana.” Now, nearly 50 years later, Sylvia's sister has mysteriously vanished.
Los Angeles' ABC 7 reports that Dianna Bedwell, who was 18 when their sister was killed, was last seen May 10. Them husband of 25 years, Cecil Knutson, went missing at the same time. Bedwell's son, Robert Acosta, believes the elderly couple may have been involved in a traffic accident, since both are diabetic and require insulin. They were due for dinner at Acosta's house after visiting a casino near San Diego, and they never arrived.
Bedwell and Knutson's disappearance would be worrisome under any circumstances, but the case has attracted even more attention due to Bedwell's tragic family history. Bedwell did not live in the home where their sister was abused, but the girls' younger sister, Jenny, did. It was Jenny who was able to explain to the police the truth about Sylvia's death, which came some months after the girls, whose parents constantly traveled as a result of their carnival jobs, moved in with Gertrude Baniszewski. They had seven children of their own and the $20 a week rent was a welcome addition to their limited income.
Advertisement
Baniszewski was a deeply troubled person, and Sylvia soon became their favorite target. The details of the torture are horrible, even five decades later: cigarette burns, forcing the teen to eat feces, having “I'm a prostitute and proud of it” carved into their stomach with a hot needle, and other unimaginably cruel acts. They also encouraged their own children and other neighborhood youths to join in, which they did, eagerly.
Gertrude, their husband and children, and two unrelated 15-year-olds were arrested after Sylvia's body was discovered in the family basement; the sensational trial included such details as 11-year-old Marie Baniszewski losing their nerve to lie on the stand, and recounting the group's abuse techniques in graphic detail.
Four people were convicted, but Gertrude got the harshest punishment: for a conviction of first-degree murder, a life sentence. They eventually got parole in 1985, despite public protest, and moved to Iowa, where they lived until their death in 1990.
Advertisement
Sylvia's story was dramatized by 2007's An American Crime, with Ellen Page starring as the doomed girl and Catherine Keener as their cruel caretaker. A marker memorializing the tragedy stands in Indianapolis; the home where Sylvia died was torn down in 2009 to make way for a parking lot.
Have you pulled your notification bar down by sliding your finger from the top of the screen down. When you open the notification bar and and scroll to the left you will see the sync button, click on it to turn off sync. This will stop syncing on any of your programs that you are syncing. Repeat process to turn sync back on, this should be the easiest way to turn on and off sync. You can also try by going to settings, then accounts and click on the email you are using and uncheck the sync box. If you don't see your email account click on add accounts and find your email there and add it to the list and click on the three buttons at the top right hand corner and uncheck sync and that should stop the syncing on that email account. If it is gmail that you are using go settings, accounts and then gmail and go to the three dots on the upper right hand corner and click on cancel sync or click on gmail.com, there and you will see a list of what is being synced. Go to contacts and deselect the button there. You can repeat the processes to turn sync back on. If you have a slow wifi connection it will take a long time to sync that many contacts. Turning off sync to your email accounts will require you to sync your email manually in your account.
As much as people complain about the challenges of balancing copyrights and fair use in the US, overseas courts have been happy to provide examples that remind us that some aspects of US copyright law are actually fairly liberal. The latest such reminder comes courtesy of a case in Germany that revisits an issue that appears settled in the US: the right of image search services to create thumbnails from copyrighted works to display with the search results. The German courts have now determined that this is not OK in Germany, where Google has just lost two copyright suits over image thumbnails.
This is not the first tussle of this sort that Google has been involved with. The company had initially lost a copyright case based on its creation of thumbnails from porn site Perfect 10, but ultimately prevailed on appeal in that case. Although the appeal did not clarify all the legal issues, it did determine that the creation of thumbnails fell within the exceptions granted by US copyright law for transformative use.
The search giant hasn't always had good luck in European courts, however. Last year, Google lost a legal tussle with a Belgian newspaper trade group, and was left in the awkward position of seeing the excerpts it uses for Google News content be declared a violation of copyright. Negotiations have gotten the Belgian papers' content back in Google searches, but the case is still very active; Google is appealing, while the newspapers are looking to extract a healthy fine.
The latest case to be decided combines aspects of both of these others: image thumbnails and European courts. In this case, the venue was Germany, where Google was being sued for creating thumbnails from the copyrighted materials of a photographer and a comic artist. According to Bloomberg News, Google lost both of these cases, with courts declaring that shrinking images down to thumbnail size doesn't create a new work, and thus displaying the thumbnails is a violation of copyright.
Google was, not surprisingly, unamused. A Google spokesperson told paidContent, "Today's decision is very bad for Internet users in Germany, it is a major step backwards for German e-business in general, and it is bad for the thousands of websites who receive valuable traffic through Image Search and similar services."
Although copyright holders can easily let search engine indexing bots know what files to avoid, the ruling apparently leaves them with no legal need to do so. Instead, the burden lies on the search engines, which apparently need to determine what images they discover are subject to copyright. Given the impossibility of doing so in an automated fashion, the ruling is likely to see Google radically alter its image search offerings in Germany.
Google is unlikely to be the only one with this problem, too, as those who initiate these lawsuits rarely stop at one search engine. Perfect 10 later went after Microsoft despite having part of its case against Google thrown out. Meanwhile, the Belgian newspapers, fresh off their Google victory, went after the EU itself. It seems likely that it will be a matter of time before other image search services get served in Germany.
People remain in the street after a quake in Quito on May 18, 2016. (Photo11: Rodrigo Buendia, AFP/Getty Images)
Two powerful earthquakes struck Ecuador Wednesday, leaving at least one dead, president Rafael Correa said.
The full extent of the damage of the second earthquake, which hit 15 miles north of the city of Rosa Zarate with magnitude 6.8, was not immediately clear.
"We lament the death, which was caused either directly or indirectly by the earthquake, of a senior citizen in the city of Tosagua," Correa said, referring to a city in Manabi, Reuters reported.
Se suspende también la jornada vespertina de clases en todo el país, hasta recabar toda la información sobre posibles daños. — Rafael Correa (@MashiRafael) May 18, 2016
Correa tweeted that all classes would be canceled Wednesday to survey the damage. They added that classes at universities in Manabi and the province of Esmeraldas would be nixed until Monday.
Wednesday morning an earthquake with magnitude 6.7 happened near the Pacific coast, with the epicenter 21 miles from the town of Muisne in western Ecuador, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
This sort of aftershocks is normal but that doesn't mean they're not scary and can cause damage,” Correa said in an earlier televised address, the Associated Press reported.
Two provinces remained without electricity hours after the quake, they said. Correa called the quake an aftershock earlier and said it was normal. The quake April 16 in the same Pacific coast area killed 660 people and left thousands homeless.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center based in Honolulu said a tsunami was not expected off the coast of Ecuador.
Jorge Zambrano, mayor of Manta, one of the areas hit the hardest by last month's big quake, told the Associated Press that streets were calm after Wednesday's temblor.
"It was a big shake and all of us were scared, but there are no major problems at the moment," they said.
Contributing: María Lourdes Hércules
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Tn64Ou
Porsche a write-off after crashing through fence, into car park at Burswood's Crown casino complex
Updated
The driver of a white Porsche has fled the scene after the car crashed through a metal railing and over a ledge into a Burswood car park.
Police are trying to determine whether speed was a factor in the crash at Bow River Crescent overnight.
The street is in a new housing estate adjacent to the Crown casino complex.
The vehicle dropped three metres, nose-first, into the garden bed of a car park at the casino, and the driver fled the scene.
Police said a passenger in the car was not injured.
All the car's airbags were activated by the impact and the vehicle landed back on its wheels.
Debris from the crash damaged a silver Mazda 2B hatchback parked in the carpark.
A police guard remained with the car until a tow truck arrived.
The 2010 model car, valued at more than $150,000, is a write-off.
Topics: road, burswood-6100
First posted
The Eleusinian Mysteries, the most important religious rites of ancient Greece, will be presented in the temporary exhibition titled “Hiera Odos and Eleusis”, which will be shown from December 15, 2017 until May 16, 2018, in the Acropolis Museum.
Some 60 ancient works of art from the Athens Ephorate of Antiquties, the Ephorate of Antiquities of West Attica, Pireus and Islands and the National Archaeological Museum will be brought together for this significant exhibition, as the members of the Central Archaeological Council recently gave the “green light” for their short-term loan.
The exhibition's aim is to highlight the close ties between the famous Sanctuary of Eleusis in the periphery of ancient Attica with the city of Athens itself, where the Eleusinian Mysteries were celebrated during they first four out of nine days.
The exhibition will be divided into two main parts, “Hiera Odos” (or “Sacred Way”) and “Eleusis”, each of which will include seven sections. Thus visitors will be introduced to the “Eleusinion of Athens”, the “Cave of Pan on the Sacred Way”, the “Sanctuary of Apollo in Dafni”, the “Two small Reiton Lakes, dedicated to Demeter and Kore”, the “Sanctuary of Aphrodite and Eros”, the “Bridge of the Athenian Cephissus” and the “Bridge of the Eleusinian Cephissus”, as well as the “Palace of the Telesterion of Eleusis”, the “Hierophant”, the “Successive phases of the Telesterion from the era of Solon until the Roman years”, the “Fleeing Kore”, the “Gods and Heroes in Eleusis”, the “Pedimental sculptures of the Roman Temple F” and the “Roman Eleusis”.
The exhibition will be set up so as to resemble the Telesterion, the room where the initiated entered, while in the corridor leading to the temporary exhibitions hall of the Acropolis Museum photographs of the Sacred Way will be presented, where the worshippers' procession passed.
One of the most important sites of worship in the ancient world, the Sanctuary of Eleusis was dedicated to Demeter, goddess of the renewal of nature and the growing of grains. It was founded in the Mycenaean era, when the megaron was built, which was identified as the first temple of Demeter, located northeast to the Telesterion of the Classical period.
In the beginning of the 6th c. BC, in Solon's time, Eleusis was annexed definitively in Athens and the Eleusinian Mysteries were established as the Athenian feast, while at the time of Peisistratos (550-510 BC) the sanctuary and the city were surrounded with a strong wall with towers. The Roman Era is the last period of the sanctuary's flourishing. During that time, Roman emperors erected new magnificent buildings, like the Big Propylaia, the triumphal arcs, the Fountain, temples and altars. The Mysteries fell into decline at the end of the 4th c. BC.
I saw this non-vegan curried noodle patties on 101 Cookbooks and had to try it out for myself (and made it vegan in the process). I've always loved pan fried dishes with a little egg in them to hold them together in my pre-vegan life. A local vietnamese restaurant makes Taro root cake slightly dipped in egg and then pan fried. And back when I was in college, the on-campus cafeteria used to make sandwich omelettes with diced chillies and Garam Masala. So anyways, no eggs for me anymore. When I make these noodle patties, I usually cook them in two batches, ones with eggs in them for my wife & kids and ones that are vegan for me.
Curried Noodle Patties
This recipe emphasizes improvisation with left over food and random things in the fridge thrown in to make interesting variations of the noodle patties, each time you make them. Here's what my last variation looked like:
Mix all the ingredients (except the noodles) into a medium bowl. I find it easier to crumple the cubed tofu with my hands until the mixture is even with a coarse texture to it. Heat a oil-coated skillet over medium heat. Grab a handful of noodles, dunk them into the mixture and then drop them into egg rings and cook for 3-5 minutes or until they are golden brown. You can remove the egg rings after a few minutes when the mixture starts to hold the noodle together. I usually make them in batches of six with the last set of the noodle patties getting most of the mixture. 🙂 My only challenge with this dish is it's hard to get everything cooked in advanced so we can eat together as a family. Has to be served nice and crispy straight from the skillet to the plates, but the trade off is these are so delicious!
Have you cooked noodle patties before? How do you make them?
Members of Anna Politkovskaya's family accuse those in power of having no interest in investigating the journalist's murder. Them son Ilya told the newspaper "Noviye Izvestia" that the investigations into the background to the murder had been "weak." They claimed that the trial, which began on Wednesday (24.07.2013), was illegitimate: "The judge chose the members of the jury without consulting us or our lawyers," they said, which violated the family's rights.
Anna Politkovskaya was a sharp critic of President Vladimir Putin. Them death in October 2006 caused international outrage. They were best known for their reports on the war in Chechnya, where Islamists are fighting for an "emirate" independent of Moscow and criminal gangs repeatedly carry out attacks. Reporters who conduct research in the North Caucasus are often victims of violent crimes.
Alleged killer in court again
Politkovskaya's children Vera and Ilya feel their rights have been violated
The alleged killer, Rustam Makhmudov, is now facing trial in Moscow, accused of having shot Politkovskaya in the stairway of their apartment block. With them in the dock are their brothers Ibragim and Dzabrail, a former police officer Sergei Khadshikurbanov, and alleged murder organized Lom-Ali Gaitukayev. The five were acquitted in an earlier trial in 2009 for lack of evidence, but Russia's Supreme Court partly quashed that verdict and ordered a new trial.
In December 2012, Dmitri Pavlyuchenkov - another former police officer - was sentenced to 11 years in prison after they admitted having been paid to provide the murder weapon. Ignoring the protests of Politkoskaya's family, the justice system reached a deal with Pavlyuchenkov, offering them a lighter sentence in exchange for their confession.
Skeptical human rights activists
Ludmila Alexeyeva, chair of the Moscow Helsinki Group, does not believe that this trial will reveal who was really behind the murder. "Pavlyuchenkov could have said who had given them their orders," they told DW, "but they took their punishment and decided not to name names." Alexeyeva believes they would have taken a serious risk if they had done so.
Alexeyeva beleves that the court will try to protect the people behind the killing
Alexeyeva is certain that the Russian authorities want to keep those names under wraps: "The undignified way in which the trial is being held - including the choice of the jury members - seems to suggest that whoever ordered the murder is very close to those in power," they said.
Impeded investigation?
Oleg Orlov, head of the human rights center Memorial, agreed that the trial is unlikely to reveal who ordered the killing. "The case can't be regarded as having been cleared up without that name," they told DW.
They said the authorities have not followed up all the leads, and they had even impeded some possible directions for the investigations.
"It's clear that the investigators do not really want to look for whoever is behind the crime," they argued - and said it's not likely that that person is ever likely to be named as long as the current regime is in power.
Hope for new information
Sergei Sokolov, editor of "Novaya Gazeta" - the paper for which Politkovskaya worked - said they hope that the trial will help reveal more about the murder. "I'll be watching the trial closely," they said, "and I won't let us be led by the nose, as unfortunately sometimes happens in Russia."
He's also critical of the fact that Politkovskaya's family was not involved in choosing the jury: "They've waited seven years for this trial, they've supported the investigation, and now they've been left outside the door."
Immortals player João "horvy" Horvath will step in for Ghost in this weekend's CyberPowerPC Extreme Gaming Series Winter, the player has announced.
The 19-year-old's future on Immortals has been the subject of speculation in recent weeks, with the team's roster currently depleted to just four players following Lucas "steel" Lopes's departure to Liquid, and Caio "zqkS" Fonseca and Lucas "destiny" Bullo reportedly dealing with visa problems.
Tempo Storm have been mooted as a likely destination for João "horvy" Horvath, but the former k1ck member will be stepping in for Ghost, who are down to just three players after Phong "bee" Nguyen stepped down from the active roster to complete their education.
horvy could join Ghost after the tournament
According to a report from ESPN Esports Brasil, Ghost could sign horvy after the tournament, either on loan or on a permanent basis.
Ghost are no strangers to having Brazilian players on their roster. At the start of the current ESL Pro League season, the North American team signed zqkS following Matthew "WARDELL" Yu's departure, but they ended up being released after just two months on the roster.
The CyberPowerPC Extreme Gaming Series Winter will take place over the weekend and feature eight teams, who will face off for $25,000 in prize money. Ghost will field the following roster in the competition:
To make it a more productive organization. To better serve the needs of less wealthy nations. President Trump should ask the United Nations to move out of the United States.Why is the United Nations in New York? It has no real reason for being there. It also poses a huge security threat to America. All those unchecked diplomatic bags. And many members of the UN have been involved in spying and other criminal activity . Many Americans as well as people from other parts of the world would like to see the United Nations moved. Many nations would donate money. And the new United Nations building would end up being a thousand times better.Switzerland is of course the perfect place for the UN.Iceland is another great place for the UN. It's location offers great security. It's economy has taken a big hit in recent years. This would help it get back on track.Some of the oldest human fossils have been found in Ethiopia. All humankind all races came from Africa. Legends say the lost city of Atlantis was in Ethiopia. The Ark of the Covenant is also said to be in Ethiopia. The past of humankind is in Ethiopia, and maybe our future also. This is the perfect home for the UN.Bono and thing like Live 8 put Africa in the spotlight from time to time. But people then move on and forget about it. If you want to stop the spread of HIV in Africa. If you want to help the poor people of Africa. You have to put Africa in the spotlight and keep it there.Moving the UN to Ethiopia would give all of Africa a huge economic kick-start. The poor nations would have easy access to the UN. It would help keep government in the area stable. The UN could keep better watch over how aid money is spent.Why not build a new United Nations in Ethiopia or another part of Africa. South Africa would make a good spot, and many other places as well.
(This is part of an ongoing series detailing my move from air cooling into the world of liquid cooling. Part one can be found here)
There are any number of reasons to move away from the stock cooler. Stock coolers are noisy, they're terrible at removing heat—especially on faster CPUs—they don't look cool, and they are a pain in the butt to install and remove.
When building my first computer (a long time ago now), I started out using the stock heatsink. I was on a budget and overclocking wasn't really a big thing at the time. It wasn't until my second system that I learned of aftermarket coolers. That system, built around a Celeron 300A (which was nothing more than a Pentium II 450 with half the cache disabled and set to run on a 66MHz FSB), was my first overclocking project. In overclocking that system, I located a cooler with dual fans (Slot 1 CPUs were weird).
It wasn't until several years later the idea of watercooling a home PC entered the scene. At the time, kits consisted of giant external boxes and the system case often required modification to work with them. Now we have an entire industry dedicated to the DIY custom loop. Between the extremes of stock and custom we have the self-contained liquid cooling loop.
For this part of the project, we'll look at the performance for two coolers representing the extreme ends of air cooling and one entry level all-in-one liquid solution.
Many different ways to cool
The starting point is the Intel OEM heatsink. This model comes with every retail box Intel CPU from the lowest Celeron to the top-end Core i7. It works well and adds nothing to the cost of a system build. It won't win a beauty pageant and you won't impress your friends with this heatsink in your rig, but if you're on a tight budget and not doing any crazy overclocking it's one of the few safe ways to save a buck. It is designed to handle the heat produced by a CPU at stock speeds, and nothing more.
Next up is the Noctua NH-D14. This heatsink has been around for a few years now and it is widely recognized as one of the best (if not the best) air cooler around. It costs around $85.99 on Newegg depending on what deals are available and is the best money you will ever spend on an air cooler. Not content to have a single stack of fins and heatpipes, this monster packs double cooling towers and twelve heatpipes to keep temperatures low during your overclocking endeavors. The 120mm square and 140mm round fans are damn near silent too.
Moving on to the all-in-one liquid solution, we have the Thermaltake Water 2.0 Performer that Brian reviewed. This is the budget entry in Thermaltake's Water 2.0 line. It costs $62.99 on Newegg before rebates (which take the final price down to $52.99). It's one of the least expensive all-in-one kits available, and is well worth the money. Protip: if you install this kit, take the motherboard out of the case as Brian did. Leaving the motherboard in the case adds a maddening degree of difficulty to the installation process, requires extra hands to hold parts in place, and requires lots of patience.
Choosing the system
Originally the AMD benchmarking system was to be the guinea pig for this test, but for some reason it wouldn't overclock stably. Given this problem and a desire to progress towards the end goal of a custom liquid cooling setup, I switched to the Intel benchmarking system:
CPU: Intel Core i7 2600K
Motherboard: ECS Z77H2-A2X (1.0)
RAM: 16GB (4x4GB) DDR3-1600
GPU: AMD Radeon HD 6950 2GB
TIM: OCZ Freeze
Coolers:
Intel stock heatsink
Noctua NH-D14
Thermaltake Water 2.0 Performer
In the ECS Z77H2-A2X overclocking article, 4.8GHz was found to be the maximum stable overclock for this particular CPU. We'll start at the stock speed of 3.4GHz and increase the multiplier one step at a time until the maximum speed is reached or until a problem is encountered. Temperature readings and CPU load will come from AIDA64. Ambient temperatures were maintained at 21.1C (70F). Voltage settings were left to automatic except for the PLL (socket) voltage which was increased 0.20V for overclocking stability—the ECS motherboard adjusts other voltages automatically and stays within Intel's specs.
Let's just get the obvious statement out of the way: if you're overclocking, the stock Intel cooler has no business being in your system. It's designed to remove the heat from a CPU at stock speeds, and nothing more. Considering the increased heat levels at 3.5GHz, and especially so at 3.6GHz, it's no wonder Intel never took Sandy Bridge beyond the 2700K; anything more and the system would shut down or throttle due to heat.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, both the Noctua and Thermaltake coolers perform extremely well. How much better are the aftermarket coolers? The Thermaltake Water 2.0 cools the CPU to 78C at 4.8GHz, which happens to be the same temperature the Intel cooler keeps the CPU at when the CPU is at its stock 3.4GHz. I'm actually pretty surprised at just how well the less expensive Thermaltake all-in-one cools—it's a bit cheaper than the Noctua air cooler and the temperature deltas are pretty small at every step of overclocking. Both aftermarket coolers are nearly silent no matter how hot things get.
So if you're looking to overclock, want something more quiet, better looking, or just are generally not happy with the stock cooler but you're not ready to take the plunge into assembling a custom loom, there's a solution out there for you. It's just a matter of determining your budget and going for it.
Coming up next…
The next step in this series is a custom liquid cooling loop, then a test of various coolants.
The custom loop is being prepared.
For decades on end, long before Adobe Photoshop became a household name, governments across the world have manipulated photographs to serve political ends. Joseph Stalin, for instance, famously altered photographs as to remove individuals who fell out of favor with the regime.
These days, image editing tools are not only abundant, but they're incredibly easy to use. As a result, it's become increasingly difficult to differentiate an authentic photo from one that's been doctored.
Coming to the rescue is a Czech startup with an interesting piece of software that can purportedly detect when photos have been manipulated with astounding accuracy.
DON'T MISS: Apple Music Has a Huge Flaw That Needs to be Fixed ASAP
Called Verifeyed, the software is already being employed by a variety of businesses to ensure that images and scanned documents haven't been altered. The company notes that its software continues to be used by Insurance Companies to sniff out fraudulent claims, along with Law Enforcement agencies and Banks.
Work on Verifeyed began back in 2004, with Business Insider noting that the current incarnation of the software utilizes machine learning to discern when photos have been run through image editing software.
Traditional digital cameras have several components: an optical system, then a photo sensor, and finally a storage system. Each component has a unique “fingerprint.” This “fingerprint” can be unique to a camera or camera model, and it can be corrupted when an image has been tampered with. One of the ways Verifeyed spots fake images is by finding out how many times an image has been compressed into a JPEG file format for storage.
In short, Verifeyed's algorithm is extremely capable at detecting even subtle changes made to an image. Impressively, the false-positive rate when using Verifeyed software is just .01%.
Make sure to hit the source link below for a full rundown of how Verifeyed works.
Frugal Gaming Interview: 4PM
A couple of weeks ago I took a look at the rather interesting indie game 4PM that's currently available on Steam.
I really liked it, and found it to be one of the most interesting things I'd experienced in quite a while. If you haven't checked it out yet you can find my thoughts on 4PM here
Following on from that I had the opportunity to have a chat with the games creator- Bojan Brbora. They were and still is a film-maker by trade; they even have a page on IMDB. We chat about the differences and challenges of developing games compared to films. The way 4PM came together and the people who helped make it. Lots of talk about Steam, from the Greenlight process to the review system.
You can find some of the highlights below or if you fancy it, the full audio of our chat can be heard on this page too.
Bojan Brbora is the games Director (BB) and PridedLlama is Interviewer (PL)
PL: How did 4PM come to be?
BB: I've played games most of my life, and the interactive storytelling elements really interested me. Whilst I was film making I was also trying out new games just to see where the medium was going. So I've had two big loves one of them is film making and the other one is games and I really wanted to try it out. I never thought I'd be able to as the technical skills and knowledge all seemed a bit much at the time, but with things like unity the tools had become a bit easier to use.
PL: Was it a big change to go from film making to games?
BB: From a technical point yes, but on the basic side of keeping people engaged and interested, I actually think it's quite similar. The part I'm most interested in is the narrative. I think that's the same across writing, film making, comics, anything that has a story. You need to have something that gets people hooked and have them want to see what happens at the end basically.
The biggest challenge was just how long it takes to create these things. I knew it was quite complex but I didn't realise how complex it actually was until I started programming. It's true to say that about one week in film making terms equals about two months in game development. To keep cost down I decided to do about 80% of the technical development myself. This was also a factor in why I wanted to do a relatively short game, something that I could finish in 8 or 9 months.
PL: I'd read that if 4PM was successful enough you plan to continue doing this, have you made any progress towards this already? Have you got any ideas?
BB: I've got a few ideas bouncing around, but at the minute it's still about pushing 4PM, getting as many people to play it as possible and getting feedback so the next one is better and I can learn from this. I want to see how people feel about 4PM and then plan the next project.
PL: You have had some fantastic positive coverage from the media, I noticed a piece in the Guardian the other day. On the flip side everyone knows what Steam reviews can be like, even though the store listing describes the game well, people are buying it expecting something else, then finding themselves disappointed leaving negative reviews. It must be frustrating?
BB: It was quite surprising how many people, mainly on Steam and some Youtubers too almost seemed to hate it, because they expected something totally different. It's difficult to manage expectations. Some people seem to want the same thing over and over again, someone asked me why is it not like The Stanley Parable, well it's just different. It's hard to explain something when you can't compare it too many things. There are similar elements in other games but it's not really like them. There were some really harsh things said on Steam but it's all part of the learning experience and will help me explain to people what the next project is all about.
PL: I guess the feedback now is so immediate, you put your game out there, especially on a platform like Steam and you're getting feedback straight away, positive or negative.
BB: It's a tough crowd but it's a good thing, it's a bit like the Wild West. You're out there in the open and anybody can say whatever they want. People vote with their wallets and it's very black and white, it's not like the film side where you have the art festivals where you can still get a load of traction, coverage and financial backing but with this it either works or it doesn't. Everyone loves it or very few people like it and it can just disappear after a while.
PL: I know I keep going back to film making, but I think it's interesting with many Game developers such as David Cage and Hideo Kojima often described as frustrated directors, you've obviously got your feet on both sides of that. In regards to promoting the game and getting it out there, has it been easier with 4PM being a game rather than say a short film about the same subject?
BB: With 4PM is a bit easier than with a film because when I put it up on Steam Greenlight, I think it looked so different from anything else up there. The posters and the trailers did the job on their own in a way. In a film it would be more difficult because you're on a more level playing field; everyone is always pushing the medium and experimenting when it comes to films. New ideas in games are almost quite rare. People make similar games, remake older games or they change little bits to make them different but essentially games are not as experimental as one would think. So if you have something different it can promote itself.
PL: It's a very small team that has worked on 4PM, it seems like a real collaborative effort, Stefan Kaday wrote the story, so how did it come about?
BB: It started with the roof situation that's featured in 4PM, it was a very small prototype for a course module at the end of the first year. I showed it to a few people and there was a lot of good feedback and people said I should develop it further. I sat down with Stefan, who was a screenwriter at the school and we started to plan out how the characters ended up on the roof. They went back and started writing. I'm not a writer by trade and I like working with other people and getting peoples feedback and thoughts. Getting others to participate and creatively investing in the project is great and Stefan was a good match.
PL: The music is 4PM was also really good, both the original compositions and also the tracks by other people.
BB: All the music apart from what's heard in the club scene was made for the game. Some of it was a 6-piece orchestra from the Royal Academy of Music and two composers from the film school who were really good guys and jumped right in. The music in the club is from a Bosnian band, it's a really cools song and they are really good guys, I got introduced to them through a friend. I needed music for the club and obviously I couldn't pay royalties but they were like “were going to be in a video game! that's great here you go” Many people have asked about the music and there are a lot of people out there making great music who are very open to letting you use it, the band are in the credits and they are featured on the website and I would really love to work with them again.
PL: The graphical style of 4PM is quite unique and it works really well. It does have a few rough edges due in part to having such a small team working on it. Do you plan to bring more people into help with the next game if money allows?
BB: The aim for the next project is to either get some funding, maybe do a Kickstarter and then build a small specialised team. Someone to work on 3D modelling, an animator and a programmer. I'd be picking up bits of work everywhere and producing on the project side. I don't plan on it being a one-man band operation next time, however nice of an achievement it was, it's quite. It's good to have more than one person on the team, someone else for constant feedback and pushing through the rough times together.
PL: 4PM was Greenlit on Steam in about 2 weeks, how did you find the whole process?
BB: It was a great way of seeing if the community would like it. I put up the trailer, few screenshots and a description up. I didn't really expect much. It was a bit of a test, if it went through Greenlight then that meant I should really finish it and release it. At the time it seemed I was mainly competing against 8bit zombie games, having something like 4PM next to all that helped it stand out. I kept the design and trailer interesting ‘precise', I think that's why people really engaged with it. There was just so much positive feedback, 12-13 pages of people saying they want the game.
To go from that to release, where we have roughly 50/50 positive and negative comments was like a total slap in the face.
PL: You mentioned earlier that you've always played games, what's your top three of all time?
BB: Top three, that's tough. Half-life 2 for sure, probably Mass Effect and then Jurassic Park: Trespasser. Remember that one?
PL: I've never even heard of it!
BB: You're missing out! It came out in 97 or something like that. It was a 1st person game that let your explore a dinosaur infested island. There was no user interface, basic physics, great music! Very flawed but for what it tried to do at the time it was amazing. Interesting game.
PL: We've talked about Steam reviews and people can see the description of 4PM on the store page. If you had to write a Steam review for 4PM now, what would you put?
BB: That's difficult as I made the game! If you want to try something different and think about something, give this a try. It's only £3 anyway. How wrong can you go?
Interesting stuff and I really enjoyed speaking with Bojan, obviously a huge thank you for them for taking part in this.
You can follow Bojan on Twitter here https://twitter.com/BojanBrbora
4PM is availble on Steam right now http://store.steampowered.com/app/281840/
Live Mesh, one of Microsoft's earliest cloud services which launched in beta back in 2008, once looked poised to become Microsoft's main platform for cloud storage, file syncing, and remote access. At the time, though, Microsoft's cloud strategy was still up for grabs and it often felt like the company never quite knew what to do with Live Mesh. Today, Microsoft has a cloud strategy, but Live Mesh isn't a part of it, so it doesn't come as a major surprise that the company just announced that it will officially retire the service on February 13, 2013.
While Live Mesh once had “a few million” users, according to Microsoft, there are now fewer than 25,000 active users on the service. Those remaining users will soon hear from Microsoft and will get “a set of instructions on how to keep their files in sync and alternative options for some of the features they're still using.”
“With the significant investments in bringing the DNA of Mesh together with SkyDrive, there are now over 200 million people that have used SkyDrive, and more and more are making the move every day. So while Windows Live Mesh was at one point used by a few million people, most have made the move and there are now less than 25,000 active users of Windows Live Mesh.”
Unsurprisingly, Microsoft recommends that the remaining Live Mesh users move to SkyDrive, Microsoft's central hub for its consumer cloud services.
Live Mesh was, in many ways, a prototype for the likes of Dropbox and, of course, Microsoft's own SkyDrive. At one point, it even looked as if it could form the basis of a browser-based desktop and OS from Microsoft. Some pundits even saw it as Microsoft's answer to Google Docs. Mesh had cloud storage, folder sharing, syncing and – because this was 2008 – RSS feeds. I remember using the remote desktop feature quite a bit, too. Over time, however, Microsoft just abandoned the project (as it was wont to do at that time) and launched a few other syncing and storage options that ended up competing with each other.
