To us (and many Muslims, in fact) these rulings come off as batshit crazy. And yet, amidst all that zany murderousness, they sometimes issue a fatwa that startles us with their clarity and insight. Here are some real, actual fatwas that we're ready to get on board with.
Every time you turn around, a Muslim cleric is issuing a religious edict (fatwa) about something. Whether it's giving fellow Muslims permission to murder blasphemers or preventing children from getting polio vaccinations because it's a Jewish conspiracy , these guys have an opinion and they're more than willing to share it.
9 THOU SHALT NOT speak while relieving yourself.
The Fatwa Department Research Committee, chaired by Sheikh 'Abd al-Wahhab al-Turayri says that speaking while pissing is only acceptable under special circumstances (e.g. asking for water to clean yourself). They cite as support the following indirect quote from the prophet, "Two men should not go to relieve themselves, exposing their private parts, and then be talking to each other, since Allah hates that."
" ... And I have to live with him," is the sassy follow-up that we like to imagine. We also like to imagine how "asking for water to clean yourself" would go over in the restroom of your average American sports bar (Hint: not so much).
Why we're on board:
Say you walk into the bathroom of said sports bar. The place is empty, so you pick out a stall at the far end, next to the wall so as to minimize any potential man-on-man adjacency. Just as you unfurl General Kong, some douchebag that you vaguely recognize from high school walks in. They see you, smiles, and starts up a conversation.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Son of a bitch. This is YOUR time to commune (i.e. compare existential wangs) with the big man upstairs. The last thing you want to do is make awkward small talk with your junk exposed. Under the current rules, you look like an uptight asshole if you ignore the guy.
Under the new rule, you can, nay must, remain stone-faced and silent. Further, Captain Chatterbox would have to have balls of steel to even try it in the first place. If you think there is some sort of tedious and sober procedure for vetting impulse death sentences, allow us to burst your bubble: one call to 1-800-FATWA is all it would take to request that a hit be put out on their ass.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Seeking to ratchet up pressure on Vladimir Putin, President Barack Obama said the United States will levy new sanctions Monday on Russian individuals and companies in retaliation for Moscow's alleged provocations in Ukraine.
Obama said the targets of the sanctions would include high-technology exports to Russia's defense industry. The full list of targets will be announced by officials in Washington later Monday and are also expected to include wealthy individuals close to Putin, the Russian president.
"The goal here is not to go after Mr. Putin personally," Obama said. "The goal is to change their calculus with respect to how the current actions that he's engaging in could have an adverse impact on the Russian economy over the long haul."
Obama announced the sanctions during a news conference in the Philippines, their final stop on a four-country Asia swing. The president has been building a case for this round of penalties throughout their trip, both in their public comments and in private conversations with European leaders.
The new sanctions are intended to build on earlier U.S. and European visa bans and asset freezes imposed on Russian officials, including many in Putin's inner circle, after Moscow annexed the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine last month.
White House officials say they decided last week to impose additional penalties after determining that Russia had not lived up to its commitments under a fragile diplomatic accord aimed at easing the crisis in Ukraine. But the U.S. held off on implementing the sanctions in order to coordinate its actions with the European Union, which could also announce new penalties as early as Monday.
The failed diplomatic agreement reached in Geneva just over a week ago called on the Kremlin to use its influence to get pro-Russian insurgents to leave the government buildings they have occupied in eastern Ukraine. But those forces have not only balked at leaving those buildings, but have also stepped up their provocations, including capturing European military observers who were paraded by the militants before the media Sunday.
Despite the deteriorating situation, Obama said Russia still has the opportunity to resolve the Ukraine crisis through a diplomatic path. But they voiced pessimism about whether the new sanctions package would be enough to change Putin's calculus.
"We don't yet know whether it's going to work," they said.
European diplomats were set to meet in Brussels Monday to discuss slapping asset freezes and travel bans on more officials associated with Russia's actions on Ukraine. The EU has so far sanctioned 33 individuals over the Crimea annexation.
The EU was likely to add another 15 individuals to its sanctions list at the meeting and discuss further steps, a diplomat from a major EU country said. The person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the official decision had not yet been announced, declined to elaborate on which officials would be targeted.
Neither the U.S. nor Europe plans to announce broader sanctions on Russia's key industries this week, though Obama said they were keeping those measures "in reserve" in case the situation worsens and Russia launches a full military incursion into eastern Ukraine. Among the targets of those so-called sector sanctions could be Russia's banking, defense and energy industries.
Much of Obama's outreach to European leaders in recent weeks has focused on building support for the sector sanctions. The EU is Russia's biggest trading partner, giving it much greater economic leverage over Moscow than the U.S. has. However, the EU treads more carefully in imposing sanctions since Russia is also one of its biggest oil and gas suppliers.
_
Associated Press writer Juergen Baetz in Brussels contributed to this report.
_
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
– Hi, you look good today! It is hard to feel offended by such a compliment. You would feel flattered, smile and say thank you. If you find something positive to say to people that makes them feel good then you have made the day a better day for both of you.
There are different kinds of compliments and the above is a superficial compliment that works acknowledging. It will make the receiver feel good at the moment and it will make the receiver feel accepted. It is the kind of compliment that goes a bit further than saying hi and the receiver will see you as a nice person.
If you want to take compliments to the next level you need to give meaningful compliments that make a lasting impression. You do that by giving a specific compliment that shows that you paid attention to what the person did.
Furthermore, the compliments have to be sincere. If you do not mean what you are about to say, then do not say it. People will immediately notice if you give false compliments; and they will perceive you as false and untrustworthy. If you want to make a good impression then only give compliments that you mean.
Like anything else you give to other people: Give without expectations! Do not expect anything in return. Trust that anything you give will come back eventually in some form and that also goes for compliments.
Use compliments when giving critique
At sergeant school I learned to always give a compliment before critique and then end the critique with another compliment. Critique can be very hard to take because it tends to have a negative influence on the receiver; but giving compliments before and after the critique will make the receiver remember the good things they did. The easiest parts to remember from a conversation are the first and last things being said.
The blockbuster that is Star Wars Ep. VII: The Force Awakens has cemented its place atop the list of the biggest blockbusters of the 2015-16 NHL season. With everything else swirling around on the blockbuster front, there is still room to add to that list. The question has come up: Could the Lightning be a part of such a blockbuster? Most of what's out there has been speculation and I'm going to add to that whirlwind of trade-chatter with a potential blockbuster that could be seen going down, potentially.
For most of the past month, the Lightning has been linked with the St. Louis Blues on a potential trade. General Manager Steve Yzerman and Assistant GM/Director of Player Personnel Pat Verbeek have been spotted scouting the Blues with Yzerman being in person at least twice. Other scouts have also been reported in the building during Blues games (though I wouldn't read quite as much in to that as NHL scouts are constantly on the move). I've already written some words speculating on a possible trade between the two teams. Using that as a base to start from, I think there's a potential for a blockbuster trade to go down.
Jonathan Drouin trade buzz has been off the charts among the media since their trade request become public. Knowing now that the request had been made back in November, it suggests that the early smoke around St. Louis could have involved some discussions surrounding Drouin. At the very least, whatever discussions were being had, even if a hockey move for a couple veterans, have probably shifted toward including Drouin in a trade. And St. Louis has been another of the teams heavily linked to Drouin. So here's the trade I have to offer up.
Tampa Bay sends Jonathan Drouin and Valtteri Filppula to St. Louis for Robby Fabbri and Kevin Shattenkirk.
The rationale behind trading Drouin has already been laid out ad nauseam elsewhere so I won't dig too deep into that here. Suffice to say though, he's a high-end talent as evidenced by being selected 3rd overall in the 2013 draft. The Blues would be getting a top-6 left winger that they could reasonably place opposite Vladimir Tarasenko to further increase their production above it's already elite level in much the same way Drouin was envisioned doing for Steven Stamkos.
Filppula has steadily declined in play since the first year of their contract, but still has value as a defensive minded two-way playmaker. Their offensive skills are not as good as they once were, but he's responsible and still has value. They have two years left on their contract at a $5 million salary cap hit. With the emergence of Vladislav Namestnikov, Filppula is slowly being pushed out of the lineup. He's best suited for the third line and with Namestnikov taking over for them on the first line and Cedric Paquette more than capable on the third line, Filppula has become expendable. In the case of the Blues, they have a number of forwards becoming unrestricted free agents this summer. That includes David Backes, one of their current top two centers, and top-6 winger Troy Brouwer. This would leave them with Paul Stastny, Filppula, and Jori Lehtera to fill in their top three center spots next season and reduces their free agent needs by one.
Moving on to what would be received by Tampa Bay in a deal, Robby Fabbri is another small forward listed at 5'10" and 170 pounds. He's another left winger and while is not as prolific as Drouin during their career in juniors, he's been more potent as a goal scorer at the NHL level during their rookie season: they have 10 goals and 5 assists in 41 games as a 19 year old while playing just over 13 minutes per game. He's had positive possession and goals-for numbers at 5v5 and is ranked in the top half of the Blues' forwards in most significant advanced stat categories. While Fabbri's not as high-end in skill as Drouin, they still have a lot of potential; they were drafted 21st overall in 2014. Drouin is an upgrade for the Blues over Fabbri in the long-term.
In Kevin Shattenkirk, the Bolts would get a solid top-4 right handed defenseman. Their 26 points would instantly put them at third on the Lightning roster in scoring and first among blueliners. A lot of their production does come from the power play and they would be an upgrade on the first unit over Anton Stralman. Shattenkirk is a solid passer with a great shot; they would be a threat with the puck at the top of the power play. It would also shift Andrej Sustr back into a third pairing role next to Braydon Coburn and push Matt Carle and Nikita Nesterov to the press box, with Nesterov likely sent back to Syracuse to continue playing. Additionally, Shattenkirk is under contract for another season at a very reasonable $4.25 million salary caps hit and would bridge the time it takes Anthony DeAngelo to settle in to the NHL and take over their role.
The original speculation suggested that the trade would be a hockey move of a veteran going in either direction possibly with a pick thrown in to even up the value. With Shattenkirk being more valuable than Filppula, it's reasonable to think that the added pick would have come from the Lightning. When comparing Drouin and Fabbri, Drouin should have more value, but a deal could be worked to even out the value there. By mashing these two potential deals into one blockbuster trade, the teams would be evening out the value difference between the two trades.
Are you in favor of making this trade or not? Feel free to discuss further in the comments!
Image copyright Getty Images
Whether you enjoyed curling up with Tetris on a Game Boy, rolling around as Sonic on a Sega, or were just trying to ignore the loud beeping sounds coming from the next room... if you were around in the 1980s and 1990s, you will remember the arrival of home gaming.
Computers had made it into our living rooms, and although fans had their favourites - the thrust of Street Fighter, the platforms of Super Mario or the simplicity of Pacman - children and adults alike were hooked.
The market for consoles has continued to grow over the decades as technology companies across the globe try to get their bite out of the gaming pie.
But almost 20 years into the new millennium, passionate players are still looking back in time to find their fix.
"While there's definitely an element of nostalgia, it's important to recognise how well designed many of those classic games are," said technology journalist and retro game collector KG Orphanides.
"The developers had so little space to work with - your average Sega Mega Drive or SNES cartridge had a maximum capacity of just 4MB - and limited graphics and sound capabilities."
The average game now weighs in at 40GB.
Cheap but cheerful
But these limitations did not stop them from making some memorable games.
Gemma Wood, from Basingstoke, has never put their Nintendo GameCube in the loft - despite having it for more than 15 years.
"I love it, in fact I was playing Mario Sunshine and Mario Kart Double Dash yesterday," they said.
"I really could not get on with the controls on the Wii [a more recent Nintendo console] and, with retro consoles, most of the games are cheap because they are second hand.
"Newer consoles and their games are incredibly expensive. I understand that a lot of hard work has gone into the design etc, but how can anyone justify £50 to £60 for a game that you might not even enjoy?"
Image copyright K.G. Orphanides Image caption Many fans still have their original games to play
For others, it is a chance to show their children the computer games they grew up with.
Howard Gardner, from south London, has revived their love of the Amstrad CPC and cannot wait to see the faces of their sons and daughter.
"Five years ago, when clearing out my uncle's house, I found another CPC, restored it to working order and re-acquired some of my old favourite games from eBay - and a laughably outdated 3D modelling package," they said.
"I don't get a whole lot of time to use it, but I plan to show the children the games I used to play and film a reaction video!"
Gaming for all
Whatever your reason for picking up an old joypad, you are not alone, and it is not just an activity to take part in on your own or with the family at home.
There is now a huge community of retro gamers across the country who love to share their passion.
The National Videogame Arcade, which opened in Nottingham in 2015, is a centre of all things gaming.
It welcomes thousands of visitors every year and runs huge events to make the point that gaming is for everyone.
Image copyright NVA Image caption Young and old gamers enjoy playing Nintendo at the NVA
"It's one of the things we talk about a lot at the NVA," said its director Iain Simons.
"You don't know where you are unless you know where you've been. It's important that just because technology has moved forward, it doesn't necessarily mean that new games are better than old ones."
But they warned new gamers not to be complacent.
"One of the things we do notice is that a lot of home computer games from the 80s were much harder than the games that kids are playing these days," said Iain.
"Kids on school trips get very upset to discover that they can't even beat level one of Donkey Kong!"
'Feeling of nostalgia'
The retro aspect has even spread to the way people buy their games.
Kevin Cornwall manages retro games shop Playnation Games in Croydon and says the physical store adds to the feel.
"It is what people want," they said. "It is that feeling of nostalgia, being able to look through the games, see and feel the boxes.
"Modern gaming has had its pitfalls so now people are looking to the past to relive some real gaming memories."
If you want to try before you buy, there has also been a resurgence in arcades or gaming cafes. These were something more common in the US or Japan when the games took off, but now the UK is getting in on the action.
Image copyright Michael Cox Image caption Konbo Arcade Cafe offers gaming with your coffee and croissants
Konbo Arcade Cafe in Edinburgh offers classic arcade machines and believes a good game never goes out of style.
Owner Michael Cox said: "Konbo is influenced by the Japanese arcade scene and, over there, old games weren't removed and brought back in response to a trend - they never went away.
"They were simply accepted as good games - no level of gimmickry or nostalgia involved, no more than we would treat a 20-year-old film or piece of music as a novelty.
"A good game doesn't stop being a good game, and there's no reason a new generation of people can't rediscover and enjoy it all over again."
A modern twist
One of the household names of the gaming revolution, Nintendo, has always been a big draw - so much so, it has revived some of its older consoles in brand-new casings, offering a collection of games in one handy machine.
Last year's NES Classic was the must-have Christmas gift, but left fans disappointed when demand outstripped supply and the device was discontinued in April.
Now, the company is bringing its SNES back in the same format and promising not to make the same error.
Atari has also announced it will be bringing out a new console - 40 years after its original Video Computer System.
CEO Fred Chesnais told GamesBeat: "We're back in the hardware business."
Image caption Atari is making a comeback after 40 years
"Those games are very approachable," added KG. "You can sit down and play for 10 or 20 minutes and feel that you've had a genuinely rewarding experience."
Retro gaming fans have welcomed the new devices - though it will not stop them collecting the original machines and cartridges.
Take Andy Aldred, who has 19 consoles, alongside their PC, eight hand-held devices and over 1,000 games in a dedicated room.
"They are a really decent way of getting a nice collection of classic games for a reasonable price," they said. "Buying the original hardware and all those games would cost a small fortune."
They still take advantage of the newer technology on offer, but there is something special about the older genre.
"For a lot of people there is an element of nostalgia and being able to own all the games they wanted to play growing up," they said.
You may reminisce about these games in a fun way - the fighting with your siblings over the next turn or the shouts of "hadouken" as you battled.
You may recall a general feeling of confusion from the whole hubbub and noisy soundtrack.
Or you may be dedicated to your modern Xbox, PlayStations and Switches.
But in 2017, there is no denying the old school technology is well and truly back, and far from Game Over.
WASHINGTON ― Three former White House press secretaries told NBC's Chuck Todd that the incoming Trump administration will be a very different beast when it comes to dealing with the press.
“We've just elected a man who bullies female reporters at their rally as an applause line,” said Nicolle Wallace, who served as White House communications director under President George W. Bush. “We have just elected a man who started a hot war with a female anchor instead of attending a debate they moderated. We are in a new place. And I don't think it's good. And I don't think it has any parallels to the past.”
The “Meet The Press” roundtable discussed Trump's predilection for using Twitter to reach people and their frequent disparagement of journalists and journalism. “I don't think Trump needs the press, but I think they want them like an addict craves their drugs,” Wallace continued.
Joe Lockhart, who served as press secretary for President Bill Clinton, said that already within the transition period, Trump has diverged from past presidents. “We're on opposite sides of the parties,” they said, referring to the other press secretaries in the roundtable, “but I think our transitions were really similar, because we shared a couple of things. We shared the idea that the press-president relationship was mutually beneficial. The reason people sit down in the briefing room every day is because both sides get something out of it.
Gary Cameron/Reuters The relationship between the press and incoming president Donald Trump is different than it has been with past presidents of both parties.
“Traditionally for the last 50 years, we've operated on the same basic fact sets,” they continued. “We're really in a place where ― we haven't seen this, I think, since the ‘60s with Nixon ― where they create their own facts. You redefine the past, which means you can define the present and future. That's going to be very difficult for both sides to come to grips with.”
“It's a double-barreled hostility,” said Ari Fleischer, another George W. Bush press secretary. “His press corps can't stand Donald Trump, and Donald Trump is happy to return the favor.”
SAN ANTONIO -- The Dallas Cowboys continue to systematically address their needs in free agency.
A day after agreeing to a one-year deal with Gerald Sensabaugh, the Cowboys on Wednesday night signed safety Abram Elam to a one-year deal.
Sources said they will receive $2.5 million.
Elam, who played for the Cowboys in 2006, will be reunited with new defensive coordinator Rob Ryan in Dallas. Elam started 31 of 32 games the last two years with the Browns and was credited by the coaches with 77 tackles last season to go along with two interceptions, two pass breakups, two forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and 10 pass deflections.
"He's smart, he's consistent, he's conservative in their play style. We don't like to give up the big home runs. He's that safety blanket back there," Ryan said of Elam after the team's walkthrough Thursday morning. "He understands what we're looking for, they understand why we call things and when we call them."
Elam, who turns 30 in October, started 48 games in the four years since they were cut by the Cowboys. They had 13 tackles and a forced fumble with the Cowboys in 2006, but they were caught up in the coaching change after Bill Parcells resigned and Wade Phillips was brought in.
"We're excited about Abe. ... He's a veteran safety who's played in this scheme and played in this league, a lot of starts, a lot of snaps," coach Jason Garrett said. "He's not one of those guys who wow you necessarily, but he's the kind of guy you want playing safety for you. He's a great communicator, they understand what we want to do on the defensive side of the ball and he's able to communicate that to other people really quickly."
Since free agency began, the Cowboys have addressed their needs along the offensive and defensive lines with the signings of Doug Free, Kyle Kosier, Marcus Spears and Kenyon Coleman and have now done the same at safety with Sensabaugh and Elam.
The Cowboys are still looking at the possibility of adding more help on the offensive line in free agency.
Todd Archer and Calvin Watkins cover the Cowboys for ESPNDallas.com. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Incase you missed our DotA 2 beta key giveaway last week, where Coco gave away 36 keys to celebrate their birthday, then here is another chance to win one. All you need to do is follow us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. Once you've done that make a comment on this newspost and you are in the running to win a beta key of your own.
We are giving away five keys The winners will be picked at random by Team Dignitas members next week, so you have plenty of time to do this easy task.
Good luck!
Update: The winners have received a Dota 2 key in their email inbox or via Twitter Direct Message.
Salva﻿
JanusGray (via Twitter Direct Message)﻿
JRhaam (via Twitter Direct Message)
alexander.j.e.s﻿
_krayZ﻿
---------------------------------
En enero CTXT deja el saloncito. Necesitamos ayuda para convertir un local en una redacción. Si nos echas una mano grabamos tu nombre en la primera piedra. Del vídeo se encarga Esperanza.
Donación libre:
---------------------------------
“Va a ser necesario actuar muy rápido. Y sin el mandato de la sociedad. Va a tener que ser por las buenas o por las malas”. En uno de los años políticos más inestables desde la redemocratización del país, donde en una misma semana to-do podía cambiar varias veces, las polémicas declaraciones de Roberto Brant, exministro de Sistema de Pensiones durante el Gobierno de Fernando Henrique Cardoso, en el periódico Estadão de São Paulo, pasaron desapercibidas.
Brant aseguraba en esta entrevista que una vez que Dilma fuera destituida, el futuro gobierno tendría que darle la vuelta a la política económica e implantar el programa Puente para el Futuro basado en duras políticas de austeridad, privatización de recursos públicos y flexibilización laboral, entre otros puntos: “Este documento no está hecho para enfrentar el voto popular, con él no podríamos ganar una elección. Pero la sociedad no tiene la obligación de comprender cuestiones herméticas como el presupuesto, los gastos de la Seguridad Social o las relaciones con el Banco Central”, argumentaba un día después de que el proceso de impeachment contra Rousseff se aprobara en la Cámara. Era el mes de abril y todavía se esperaba la votación en el Senado, pero a esas alturas la cabeza de Dilma ya estaba en bandeja de plata y sus antiguos socios, con Michel Temer a la cabeza, se preparaban para gobernar.
Temer reconoció en Nueva York ante diversos empresarios norteamericanos que la destitución de Rousseff tuvo que ver con que esta no aceptara poner en marcha un programa de austeridad
Fue el pasado mes de septiembre cuando el propio Temer reconoció en Nueva York ante diversos empresarios norteamericanos que los motivos de la destitución de Rousseff tuvieron que ver con el hecho de que no aceptara poner en marcha el programa Puente para un Futuro. Este reconocimiento confirmaba lo que se vio en el Senado durante los tres días que duró el juicio que acabó con la salida de Dilma: los senadores juzgaban a la mandataria por su política económica y no por un crimen de responsabilidad, único motivo por el que la Constitución brasileña permite destituir a un presidente.
La profecía de Brant se cumplió y, sin ningún tipo de debate social y con una tramitación de urgencia, el pasado 13 de diciembre el Congreso de los Diputados aprobó uno de los principales ejes del nuevo programa económico: el Proyecto de Enmienda Constitucional 55 (en la Cámara denominada como 241). Esta ley, conocida como la enmienda del techo del gasto, propone congelar el gasto social durante los próximos veinte años y limitar el crecimiento de los presupuestos a la inflación del año anterior.
Dos narrativas
La PEC 55 ha generado un debate (más presente en la academia que en las calles) que muestra no sólo dos modelos de gestión opuestos, sino la transición del progresismo petista (hoy también en entredicho) al neoliberalismo más crudo de la derecha que hoy gobierna el país.
Los grandes medios de información han apoyado la tesis del Gobierno Temer que presenta esta ley como “la única posibilidad” de poder salir “lo más rápido posible” de la crisis económica. El economista y presidente del Insper, una de las grandes escuelas de negocios de Brasil, Marcos Lisboa asegura que esta enmienda es “la única forma de que Brasil no explote”. La deuda pública es la mayor preocupación de sus defensores, que denuncian “los gastos ilimitados” del Gobierno Dilma y ven en un ajuste fiscal rígido la manera de “poner las cuentas en orden”, decía Lisboa en el diario Nexo.
Los contrarios a esta ley aseguran que el problema no tendría que ver con el gasto social y sí con la disminución de la recaudación de las arcas del Estado: “El gasto social disminuyó en los gobiernos Dilma en relación a los de Lula, y a su vez éste también gastó menos que los gobiernos de Fernando Henrique. Hay que preocuparse por recaudar y no por el gasto social”, explicaba también en Nexo Leda Paulani, economista y profesora de la Facultad de Economía y Administración de la Universidad de São Paulo.
Con una tramitación de urgencia, el Congreso aprobó el Proyecto de Enmienda Constitucional 55 que propone congelar el gasto social hasta 2036
El economista de la Universidad de Campinas Pedro Paulo Zahlut Bastos describe el argumento del gasto ilimitado como “una falacia” y cree que una reforma impositiva progresiva sería “clave para obtener recaudación y no perjudicar a los más pobres que son los que usan los servicios públicos”. Este economista recuerda que la evasión fiscal de las grandes empresas brasileñas alcanza los 500.000 millones de reales anuales (unos 146.000 millones de euros), lo que equivaldría a cinco veces el déficit primario: “Ni siquiera necesitaría cambiar la ley, sólo tendrían que exigir que las multinacionales la cumplieran”.
Uno de los principales argumentos contra la PEC 55 se basa en denunciar que el Gobierno impone durante veinte años una austeridad fiscal que va a castigar a las clases más bajas, pero no se plantea una reforma impositiva que haga que Brasil deje de ser uno de los diez países del mundo con el sistema tributario más injusto. “Los millonarios no pagan impuestos, el que más gana tiene más exenciones fiscales, y el que menos gana paga más. Por no hablar de los impuestos indirectos que son absolutamente injustos”, recuerda el profesor de Campinas, que insiste en que la PEC 55 se “ha disfrazado” como una cuestión técnica cuando es pura política: “Es una ofensiva de la derecha para transformar la sociedad brasileña y su relación entre el Estado y la economía. Su máxima es aumentar la desigualdad para aumentar el crecimiento, algo completamente absurdo”.
La PEC 55 no será la única medida neoliberal del Gobierno Temer. El próximo objetivo será la reforma del sistema de pensiones que se votará en el mes de febrero y donde una vez más los trabajadores más humildes volverán a ser los más afectados. En los gobiernos petistas el sistema de pensiones funcionó como uno de los principales instrumentos de redistribución de renta, pero la deuda en 2016 asciende a 149,2 mil millones de reales. Esa es la justificación del equipo de Temer para proponer “cambios urgentes” como la subida de la edad de jubilación a los 65 años para mujeres y 70 años para hombres. Actualmente para jubilarse en el sector privado se solicita que el trabajador haya contribuido durante 30 años, en el caso de las mujeres, y durante 35 años los hombres. El nuevo gobierno se queja de que haya gente con 50 y 55 años ya jubilada y olvida que las clases más humildes comienzan a trabajar sin haber cumplido la mayoría de edad.
El próximo objetivo del Gobierno de Temer será la reforma del sistema de pensiones y donde una vez más los trabajadores más humildes volverán a ser los más afectados
Antes de acabar el año Temer anunció un “regalo de Navidad para los trabajadores” con el fin de “modernizar las leyes laborales”. Entre las medidas más importantes destaca la posibilidad de que las empresas puedan negociar las condiciones individualmente con los trabajadores y dejen a los sindicatos y los convenios colectivos de lado. La idea principal sería la de flexibilizar los contratos y abrir un vacío legal donde situaciones como el aumento de la jornada laboral de ocho a doce horas puedan pasar a ser condiciones legales. Será en febrero cuando el Congreso tenga la última palabra en relación a estas reformas.
Ni legitimidad, ni popularidad
Consciente del poco tiempo para gobernar (apenas dos años), el equipo de Temer, de la mano del presidente del Senado, Renan Calheiros, ha acelerado los trámites de votación de las leyes más polémicas sin establecer ni un solo debate con la sociedad. Desde la oposición se plantean hasta qué punto un gobierno que no ha sido elegido por las urnas, sino que llegó al poder de manera indirecta, pueda ser responsable de los cambios “más estructurales desde la Constitución de 1988”, decía el politólogo André Singer. El economista Pedro Pablo recordaba que dicha Constitución se debatió durante cuatro años y ahora “una reforma mueve to-dos sus cimientos sin ningún debate”.
Parte de la sociedad brasileña salió a las calles para protestar contra la PEC 55. Durante la primera votación de la enmienda en el Senado, alrededor de mil brasileños se manifestaron frente al Palacio de Planalto. La fotografía que pasó a la historia fue tomada desde dentro del Congreso, donde se veía a los senadores en un cóctel a media tarde, con la imagen al fondo de la policía que cargaba contra los manifestantes con porras, balas de goma y gas pimienta.
Dentro da Câmara, parlamentares durante coquetel enquanto manifestantes e PMs se confrontam fora do Congresso. (Foto: Gisele Arthur) pic.twitter.com/Y3t2PZoPMP — Luiz Fara Monteiro (@luizfara) 29 novembre 2016
Si en esta primera votación los senadores apoyaron la enmienda del techo al gasto con un holgado resultado de 61 votos a favor y 14 en contra, el 13 de diciembre, durante la votación definitiva, el instituto Datafolha dio a conocer una encuesta en la que el 60% de la población se muestra en contra de esta norma. La Enmienda salió adelante, pero Temer consiguió menos apoyos de los esperados, con 53 votos a favor y 16 en contra.
Esa misma encuesta también indica la pérdida de legitimidad del Congreso, definido como “malo” o “pésimo” por el 58% de los brasileños, cifra que supone el mayor rechazo de la historia del Legislativo. En el Ejecutivo las cifras empeoran con apenas un 10% de aprobación del Gobierno Temer.
El 58% de los brasileños define el Parlamento como “malo” o “pésimo”. En el Ejecutivo las cifras empeoran con apenas un 10% de aprobación del Gobierno Temer
A las medidas de austeridad se añaden los escándalos de corrupción que azotan a las altas esferas del Ejecutivo y del Legislativo y que han provocado que en tan solo seis meses de gobierno (contando desde que Temer fue interino) media docena de ministros haya tenido que dimitir.
La operación Lava Jato que investiga los millonarios desvíos de dinero de la petrolera Petrobras en forma de mordidas a los políticos de prácticamente toda la esfera partidaria del Legislativo sigue dando de qué hablar. Y en los próximos meses se conocerá el contenido exacto de las delaciones premiadas.
El presidente Temer fue nombrado recientemente en una de esas delaciones por el exdirector de la constructora Odebrecht, Claudio Melo Filho, quien aseguró que el mandatario había recibido dinero negro para su campaña. En la misma situación se encuentra su homólogo en el Senado, Renan Calheiros, que en este mes se convirtió en reo en un nuevo proceso abierto en su contra y que, después de un mano a mano con el Tribunal Superior Federal, consiguió mantenerse en el cargo a pesar de todo.
La profesora de Derecho de la Fundación Getúlio Vargas Eloísa Machado de Almeida resumía en el diario Nexo el 2016 brasileño: “Para nuestra Constitución ha sido un año muy malo. Ha sufrido ataques del Legislativo con una enmienda que le arranca sus características sociales de una sociedad más justa e igualitaria. Además ha sido traicionada por quien debería ser su guardián, el Tribunal Supremo Federal”.
"That they all might be DAMNED who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness." (2nd Thessalonians 2:12) “And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried; And in HELL they lift up their eyes, BEING IN TORMENTS , and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in their bosom. And they cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send Lazarus, that they may dip the tip of their finger in water, and cool my tongue; for I AM TORMENTED IN THIS FLAME . ”
(Luke 16:22-24)
HELL IS FOREVER!!!
Hell is a PLACE, a place with FLAMES, a place of TORMENT.
“And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the LAKE OF FIRE .” (Revelation 20:15)
Is your name written in the book of life? If not, you're condemned already [DAMNED] and destined for the LAKE OF FIRE!
“He that believeth on them is not condemned: but they that believeth not is CONDEMNED ALREADY , because they have not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.”
(John 3:18)
“...he that believeth not shall be DAMNED ” (Mark 16:16)
A couple weeks ago a friend on Facebook tipped me off about a Sailor Moon Crystal Café in Kabuki-cho, Shinjuku. I immediately made reservations the same day because I am a healthy adult with responsible hobbies.
To back track a bit, it is crazy the amount resurgence Sailor Moon Crystal has caused. Nobody seems to care that they use recycled art to promote new merchandise, as seen in this display for a cosmetics shop in Shibuya:
I think people are just glad to have an excuse to celebrate the show again. It definitely made an impact on me growing up, and despite many lamentations at the new incarnation of the series, I was still eager to try out the Sailor Moon-themed café that my middle school self would have died to get into.
(Apologies in advanced for crappy cellphone pics! There was hardly any table space – let alone elbow space – to whip out my Nikon.)
For those who don't know, Kabuki-cho is kind of a seedy area with all sorts of sketchy-looking store fronts depicting women in various states of dress, with the occasional gaudy sign for the infamous Robot Restaurant mixed in.
So upon seeing the above entrance for the café, I immediately expected somewhat of a derpy experience. It was tiny, next to a karaoke bar, and didn't look very inviting. The reservations were also free and no hassle to get – unlike the Pokémon and Eorzea Cafés Roy and I went to a couple months ago. (Eorzea write-up still incoming. Whoops.)
After entering the café, we were sat down at tiny tables of two clustered right next to each other. We ordered one drink and one dessert each.
After a lot of pondering over the menu, I decided to get the Usagi waffle plate while Roy went with the Sailor Jupiter and Sailor Venus one. I unfortunately couldn't finish my dish because it was so rich – not to say it was bad, it was actually really good! But I don't think I can handle eating so much dessert at one time anymore.
The Sailor Moon Crystal Café is a 90 minute experience, which included a “radio show” where patrons could request songs via Twitter, listen to a set battle between two “radio DJs”, and watch the first episode of Sailor Moon Crystal together.
The “radio” part was kind of cool in that you could see patrons tweet song requests, although there weren't many participating. We had finally worked up the nerve to tweet our own request, only to realize they were moving on to the set battle (which worked out since they ended up playing the song that I wanted to hear anyway).
The set battle consisted of two DJs playing three Sailor Moon songs each, and with our little glowy wands we changed the color to match the DJ that we liked. It was fun seeing everyone in the room get excited at certain songs, and I'll admit I got hit by a huge wave of nostalgia as I recognized almost all of them.
Finally, the last segment of our experience was watching the first episode of Sailor Moon Crystal together. I'm pretty sure they played the fixed up Blu-Ray version, although the artwork still doesn't do anything for me since it lacks the charm of the older show (which interestingly enough they showed clips of during the DJ battles…pretty sure I heard at least a couple people saying “See! I prefer the way that looks.”)
Another layer of the experience was being in a room full of adult Sailor Moon fans. Age range is always hard to tell (although there were definitely two older dudes who had a table to themselves), but I didn't find myself feeling like “too old” for an event like this, even though the show is aimed for middle schoolers. I think most of us there had grown up with the series versus new fans whose first introduction to Sailor Moon is through Crystal.
The café did have a tiny goods shop, but aside from some stellar iPhone 6 cases (I am still clinging onto my 4S), the merchandise consisted of measly scrunchies, lanyards, and plastic cups.
Despite my initial fear that the Sailor Moon Crystal Café was going to suck, I ended up having a good time going down memory lane. The event was set up so that you never felt bored or compelled to keep ordering food to make the most of the 90 minute time limit. It was also nice experiencing something together in a room full of other Sailor Moon fans, something that my childhood self desperately craved.
Related Posts
The NFL owners spent a good portion of this week sorting out the matter of the Rams (and likely the Chargers) moving to Los Angeles. The NFL's players and their union are watching this process closely as well.
"The union expects that all working conditions in Los Angeles for the players will be up to the expected standards," NFLPA spokesperson George Atallah said this week.
The National Football League Players Association is curious to see what the league does for a temporary site for the Rams and any other team moving to Los Angeles. The union will ask the league about locker rooms, field conditions (both playing and practice fields), travel arrangements, training camp sites ... anything that could affect the players' day-to-day lives and work.
Also, according to Article 36 of the collective bargaining agreement, a team that moves is required to pay players' relocation expenses. So Rams players will have their moving costs taken care of. The CBA specifically says players who "establish permanent residence" in the new city prior to the first regular-season game are eligible for the paid moving expenses, but Atallah said the standard for that was basically that you need to have U.S. mail delivered to your address in the new town, and the union is not concerned about moving expenses being an issue.
A couple of bigger-picture items related to Los Angeles relocation are on the union's radar, including the issue of stadium credits. The CBA allows owners to take a portion of revenue off the top of the pool (i.e., before they share it with the players) to help cover new stadium construction. According to the union, the league has used up all of the stadium credits it was allotted by the current CBA and, if it requires them to help build the new stadium in L.A., those would have to be negotiated with the players.
It's also possible that the relocation of the Rams from St. Louis to Los Angeles could affect the overall revenue pool, especially if there are escalators in the league's TV contracts that trigger in the case of the Los Angeles market being added. If that happens, it could impact the salary cap, which under the new CBA is tied annually to league revenues.
You've probably gotten in a political argument in the recent past, whether with your nutso cousin at Thanksgiving or your militantly ignorant co-worker at a happy hour.
And you'll probably get in another political argument sometime in the near future. Hard as it may be to believe, you can actually win these arguments. Here's how.
1. Forget facts.
Psychologists who study political belief and persuasion think it's adorable how obsessed argumentative people are with those cute little things called facts. When it comes to winning arguments, truthfulness and details simply don't matter as much as we think they do.
“People think emotionally, and they very often will have these gut moral intuitions that certain things are right or wrong,” said Matthew Feinberg, a psychologist at Stanford. The process of belief formation runs in the opposite direction than we'd hope: People “come to the conclusion first, and then the reasons they kind of pull out just to support their beliefs.”
These runs counter to a lot of what we learn when we're writing term papers in school or reading our favorite authors, of course — in these contexts, logical precision is key. But when you're engaging in a live argument with someone who views the world very differently than you do, it's important not to get too hung up on factual accuracy.
So how do you capitalize on this knowledge? Read on.
2. Let your opponent hang them or herself.
It may not seem right judging from cable news, but when people are asked to explain their beliefs about how a given thing works, they'll actually become less confident in those beliefs.
This phenomenon is known as the “illusion of explanatory depth.” If you ask the average person to explain why they hold a given opinion, “They will come to realize the limitations of their own understanding,” said Frank C. Keil, a Yale University psychologist who studies intuitive beliefs and explanatory understanding. Keil cautions that this won't necessarily lead to a change in point of view, but said that if you ask them gently and non-aggressively to walk you through their point of view, they'll likely see the holes more.”
3. Don't be such a dick.
This one can be tough to remember, but even in a heated debate with a distant cousin whose political beliefs would make a Neanderthal blush, there's a tactical upside to being nice.
“When people have their self-worth validated in some way, they tend to be more receptive to information that challenges their beliefs,” said Peter Ditto, a psychology professor at UC-Irvine who studies emotion and its connection to political and religious beliefs. This is partly because our mood determines a lot about how receptive we are to new information or ideas: If we're happy and confident and at ease, we're more likely to be open-minded.
The problem is that political arguments, by their nature, tend to make their participants angry and frustrated. So it's easy to be self-defeating here: When you're arguing with Uncle Bob, who fervently believes certain things about 9/11, you may think you're making a cutting, incisive point that reveals their stupidity for the world to see. But if you're antagonizing them or openly implying that he's nuts, he's only going to feel backed into a corner — and that, the research suggests, will harden their beliefs further. (This effect is likely only amplified in big group settings, which bring greater opportunities for “point-scoring” and embarrassment, meaning smaller gatherings are more conducive to substantive debate and persuasion.) Instead, as you'll read below, there are ways to possibly nudge them toward reason without threatening their entire worldview.
4. Defuse disgust.
Not every hot-button political issue can be traced back to disgust, but many of them can. A long line of research has shown just how intimately connected our politics and our sense of disgust are (many researchers think this is an outgrowth of the cognitive systems that provided us with a visceral aversion to dangerous substances like human and animal waste back before the days of sewer systems and litter boxes). And if you look around, you'll see political arguments couched in disgust everywhere, such as in the memorable recent case of the South Dakota state rep who likened gay sex to “a one-way alley meant only for the garbage truck to go down.”
So what should you do if you find yourself locked in debate with someone who is grossed out, and you suspect their disgust, rather than a more substantive argument, is fueling their belief? One paper by Feinberg and some colleagues suggests simply asking your adversary not to be disgusted could be a surprisingly successful strategy. The researchers had participants watch a video of two men kissing. Some were instructed to simply watch, while others were asked to “try to think about what you are seeing in such a way that you don't feel anything at all.” The latter condition was designed to short-circuit feelings of disgust, and political conservatives in that group “subsequently expressed more support for same-sex marriage than conservatives in the control condition,” as the study's abstract put it.
5. Change the frame.
Here's where you can earn your black belt in political argument. One of the most prominent current theories through which psychologists explain differences in political beliefs is called Moral Foundations Theory, or MFT. MFT posits that there are five foundations to moral beliefs: care/harm (whether other beings are being hurt); fairness/cheating (whether people are treating others fairly); loyalty/betrayal (whether people are exhibiting loyalty to their group); authority/subversion (whether people are playing by the rules); and sanctity/degradation (whether people are sullying physical or spiritual things that are sacred). According to the theory, liberals and conservatives view these concerns differently. For liberals, care/harm and fairness/cheating are the most important of the five, while conservatives are more into loyalty/betrayal, authority/subversion, and sanctity/degradation.
This is pretty powerful knowledge, because it can help you know your opponent's “weak points,” in a sense — which aspects of morality will resonate for them, and which won't.
During a debate, you're more likely to make progress “if you can appeal to the moral concerns of the people that you're talking with,” said Jesse Graham, a USC professor who helped develop MFT. All too often, though, “there are ways in which liberals and conservatives can talk past one another in these debates.”
The idea that changing the moral framing can help convince people to rethink their views has been borne out in some as-yet-unpublished work by Feinberg and their collaborator Robb Willer, also at Stanford, in which they got conservatives to say they approved of gay marriage at a higher rate by describing gay Americans as proud, patriotic Americans with the same hopes and dreams as everyone else (invoking the loyalty/subversion foundation), and liberals to support expanded military spending by arguing that doing so would provide valuable career opportunities to low-income young people (invoking the fairness/cheating foundation). And in another study that has been published, they “largely eliminated the difference between liberals' and conservatives' environmental attitudes,” as they put it in the abstract, by describing environmental degradation as a threat to the planet's purity (invoking the sanctity/degradation foundation).
Pulling It All Together
Let's put this into (hypothetical) practice. Say you're arguing with an uncle who insists that the Boy Scouts should continue their policy of excluding openly gay people from being scout leaders. “For thousands of years, society has been built on one man, one woman,” they insist. “It just seems like a dangerous and unnatural social experiment to start having role models teaching kids that it's okay to be gay.”
Here's how to respond, and how not to:
Wrong response: No, it hasn't! The concept of heterosexual, one-man, one-woman marriage is actually really new. Haven't you read the Bible? Dudes had tons of wives back then! It's like conservatives just conveniently ignore all this history when they're trying to fight gay rights.
Why it's wrong: Too nerdy and fact-y and confrontational. Remember that their opinion on this is probably coming from deep gut feelings rather than because they have expertly sifted the history and data.
Better: I think you're definitely right that there's a long-standing, wonderful tradition of one-man, one-woman relations. I totally respect how much you care about that institution — I do, too! I think my main reason for supporting allowing gay people to be scout leaders is that I have some gay friends who were Boy Scouts growing up, and who seriously treasure the lessons they learned during that time. They have the same ideals as you and I do, love our country for the same reasons, and even root for the same sports teams. They just want to give back to an organization that helped shape who they are, that taught them all sorts of invaluable life skills.
Why it's better, and which of the points of advice you're following: You're not engaging with their questionable historicizing (forget facts), you're being calm and respectful (don't be such a dick), you're sidestepping questions of disgust or what is or isn't natural (defuse disgust — well, halfway, since you're simply ignoring it), and you're invoking the loyalty/betrayal framework by implying that Americans are all the same (unleashing some Moral Foundations Theory). That's four of the five tools in just a few sentences — a dazzling Bruce Lee–esque combo of rhetorical mastery.
***
Suffice it to say that in the real world, any argument about a hot-button issue is unlikely to end with one party reaching a hand out to the other and saying, “You know what? You're totally right. My bad!” But still: There's a right way to argue, and a wrong way. And too many of us, having spent countless hours watching jerks on TV scream at each other, have developed bad argumentative habits.
When North Korea testedwhat it claimed was a new intercontinental ballistic missile last week, the regime certainly wanted to flex its military might for the world, and in particular the United States.
But it may have had another purpose in mind — it may have been looking to make a sale.
"This is not just a threat. This is to make money," said Bruce Bechtol, professor of political science at Angelo State University in Texas.
And one way the regime makes money is through proliferation — the proliferation of weapons, as well as technical assistance and military training for its clients in the Middle East and Africa.
"You can assume with high probability that that [type of] missile is going to Iran for a very high price," said Bechtol, who served as a senior Northeast Asia analyst in the Pentagon.
Proliferation is just part of the regime's vast criminal enterprises — illicit activities that experts say account for a significant portion of the North Korean economy.
"Their money is typically generated through a myriad of illegal activities that the embassies around the world are sanctioned to engage in," said David Asher, former special co-ordinator of the U.S. State Department's North Korea working group.
North Korea's nuclear weapons program is about flexing its muscle internationally — and making money, analysts tell CBC. (Associated Press)
Those activities include illegal drug manufacturing and trafficking of cocaine, heroin and high-grade methamphetamine. They said the regime is also heavily involved in the production of counterfeit pharmaceuticals and synthetic narcotics, including fentanyl, which can be found on the streets in the U.S. and Canada.
"They produce a huge amount of counterfeit Viagra, which is a big problem for Pfizer," Asher said.
The government also reaps funds from currency and cigarette counterfeiting, they said, and trading in banned products like rhino horns and illicitminerals such as conflict diamonds.
'Nationalized crime'
This isn't a case where the government has turned a blind eye to criminal activities or taking kickbacks from criminals. Experts say the regime itself sanctions and is involved in the criminal enterprises.
"The best way to think about it is kind of like a Sopranos state, like a Mafia state or Mafia country," said Paul Rexton Kan, an associate professor of national security studies at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle, Pa.
"They sort of nationalized crime and they've industrialized it, and now they sort of weaponized it as well," they said. "It is sort of one whole state that is dedicated to organized criminal activities as a way to fund the regime, fund their programs."
This government bureaucracy focused on pursuing illegal activities for profit began under Kim Il-sung, the nation's founder, Kan said. Much of the information about these schemes comes from former government officials who have defected.
Many of the schemes are run out of "Central Committee Bureau 39" of the Korean Workers Party, they said, which enlists military officials, bureaucrats and members of the diplomatic corps to organize and participate in the manufacture and distribution of criminal goods.
Paul Rexton Kan, an associate professor of national security studies at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle, Pa., says the North Korean military plays a role in the regime's illicit money-making schemes. (Jon Chol Jin/Associated Press)
The North Korean military, for example, will work with criminal organizations like the Japanese Yakuza or Malaysian organized crime to distribute drugs internationally, Kan said.
The government will also use its diplomatic corps to collect proceeds from these activities and deposit them in various banks where they're posted, they said. Many diplomats, in fact, are sent overseas for that specific reason — to launder money and send proceeds from their criminal enterprises back to the regime, they said.
"It's criminal entrepreneurship at its best."
So does this make Kim Jong-un a pseudo Mafia don?
"Oh, he's the don, but he's the all-powerful don," said Balbina Hwang, former U.S. State Department adviser and member of the National Committee on North Korea, a non-governmental organization of experts. "And should anybody attempt to cross him, just as ruthless if not more than any of these Mafia or drug cartel dons."
While other governments around the world are certainly corrupt, North Korea is unique in that many schemes are completely directed, channelled and controlled by the state, said Hwang.
How much North Korea profits from such activities is difficult to determine because it's such a closed society. Kan estimates the government has raked in billions.
No 'imminent signs of collapse'
Whatever the figure, illegal revenue is certainly the reason the regime has managed to survive economically despite a series of international economic sanctions, analysts say.
"And I do not believe there are any imminent signs of collapse," Hwang said.
"North Korea does know how to efficiently earn money. It's very unfortunate that the most efficient way that it knows how to do that is illegally."
In the early 2000s, for example, the U.S. government dubbed North Korea's counterfeit U.S. $100 bills "supernotes," and the U.S. Treasury was forced to change its currency and come up with specialized paper and holographic images.
Hwang said the Trump administration's recent announcement that it will put North Korea back on the list of countries that are state sponsors of terrorism gives the U.S. greater licence to target the regime's illegal cash flow.
"That designation then allows the U.S. government and all its various agencies to start to go after specific North Korean activities ... that it would otherwise not have been able to do."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Protesters in Yerevan burned Hungarian flags and chanted anti-Budapest slogans
Hundreds of Armenians have protested outside Hungary's consulate in Yerevan in a row over a convicted killer.
The demonstrators burned Hungarian flags and pelted the mission with eggs.
Earlier this week Hungary allowed an Azeri soldier who murdered an Armenian to return to Azerbaijan to serve the remainder of their sentence. But Baku pardoned them and set them free.
Armenia, a long-time enemy of neighbour Azerbaijan, severed diplomatic ties with Hungary in response.
Armenia and Azerbaijan fought a bitter war over the Nagorno-Karabakh enclave in the early 1990s.
Killer Ramil Safarov was flown to Baku and freed, despite Azerbaijan's assurances that their life sentence would be enforced.
'Hacker attack'
On Saturday, hundreds of angry Armenian demonstrators chanted anti-Hungarian slogans during the protest rally in central Yerevan.
"The Hungarians have sold their honour and conscience to the Azerbaijanis like a common prostitute," protester Armen Mkrtchian told the AFP news agency.
Image copyright AP Image caption Ramil Safarov was greeted as a national hero in Baku
The demonstrators also publicly burned Hungarian flags and distributed flyers that read "Hungary - have you gone mad?"
There were also reports that Armenian hackers attacked the officials website of Azerbaijan's president and several other internet news resources.
On Friday, Armenian President Serzh Sarkisian said that Hungary had made a "grave mistake" in sending Safarov back to Azerbaijan.
"With their joint actions, Azerbaijan and Hungary opened the door to the recurrence of such crimes. I cannot put up with this. The republic of Armenia cannot put up with this," the president said.
The Hungarian authorities said they had returned Safarov to their homeland only after receiving assurances from the Baku government that their sentence would be enforced.
Safarov killed Armenian soldier Gurgen Markarian at a military academy in Budapest in 2004, where both servicemen attended English-language courses organised by Nato.
During their trial in Hungary, Safarov said that the Azeri-Armenian war over Nagorno-Karabakh and insults from the Armenian officer were at the root of their actions.
Azerbaijan and Armenia, both former Soviet republics, fought over the enclave in the early 1990s. The conflict left some 30,000 people dead and displaced hundreds of thousands.
Armenia-backed authorities are currently controlling Nagorno-Karabakh, which lies within Azerbaijan.
Despite a 1994 ceasefire, skirmishes continue on the borders of the disputed territory.
As if the inevitable Marvel Studios panel wasn't enough! It was just announced that Marvel Television would be bringing the much-awaited The Defenders to San Diego Comic-Con's ultra exclusive and mega-prestigious center stage Hall H next month! Check out their teaser/announcement below.
Mark those calendars and set those alarms folks. On July 21st 5:15pm PST, the world will be given a first dope glimpse at what is my most anticipated MCU property ever (sorry Infinity War. I didn't get my Daredevil tattoo for nothing!!). Chances are that the lucky attendees present in Hall H will get to see an episode or two from the series, the same way they did for Jessica Jones in NYCC. I'm starting to hate those people already!
Along with The Defenders panel, Marvel TV will also be bringing the Inhumans to the convention as well! The panel will be held at Ballroom 20 on July 20th at 6:15pm and will likely include some of the cast and show creator Scott Buck. Some of you may be wondering why there isn't anything for Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the Punisher. The lack of any Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. presence in SDCC (a first in the longest time!) is likely because of the new premiere date for the show. Even though the September production date will still remain on track, there's no pressure for them to release any material for the show considering it won't premiere until January of next year. And while no panel is going to be held for the Punisher, there is going to be a signing with some of the stars on the 21st. So at least there's going to be some Frank Castle movement on the con floor. If we're lucky, maybe we'll get to see a teaser during the Defenders Hall H panel when Jon Bernthal unexpectedly walks on stage.
Source: Marvel
Farmers in Wales may have the world's hottest chili pepper on their hands, according to British media reports.
Mike Smith reportedly grew a chili pepper that smashes all previous heat records — all by accident. Smith said they never intended to breed a particularly spicy pepper and they don't even like foods with heat, The Telegraph reports.
The pepper came from a plant Smith borrowed from fellow farmer Neal Price, which reportedly was grown using specialized plant food developed by researchers at Nottingham Trent University, the BBC reports.
The growers have named the explosive chili pepper the "Dragon's Breath," a nod to the pepper's Welsh origins. They say it's too hot for human consumption.
"It's not been tried orally. I've tried it on the tip of my tongue and it just burned and burned. I spat it out in about 10 seconds," Smith told The Daily Post. "The heat intensity just grows."
The Dragon's Breath scores at an impressive 2.48 million on the Scoville heat scale, a widely used standard to measure the concentration of capsaicin, the chemical that produces the sensation of spice in peppers.
If that score is verified, the Dragon's Breath would knock the previous record holder, a South Carolina innovation called the Carolina Reaper, out of the water. The Carolina Reaper scores approximately 1.6 million on the Scoville scale and has held the Guinness Book of World Records title since 2013.
Think you can handle this heat? For comparison, a habañero pepper clocks in at 350,000 on the Scoville scale, and the humble jalapeño measures up to 8,000, according to hot pepper blog PepperScale.
The newly grown chili could have interesting public health benefits: its oil is so intense that it can numb the skin, meaning the pepper could potentially be used as an anesthetic in developing contexts where patients struggle to access anesthesia or with patients with allergies to anesthesia, Smith told the BBC.
Concentrated capsaicin, found in the Dragon's Breath and other extremely spicy peppers, can trigger the immune system to go into overdrive. Capsaicin activates the proteins found on nerve endings, and those proteins can mistakenly interpret capsaicin as a signal of extreme heat entering the body, Live Science reported. The result? Reactions like anaphylactic shock, severe burns, and even the closing of one's airways are all possible, experts warn. So this extreme pepper is nothing to mess around with.
The growers behind the Dragon's Breath are still awaiting confirmation from the Guinness Book of World Records, Smith said. They plan to show off the hot pepper at the Royal Horticultural Society's Chelsea Flower Show in London this week.
I gamejam-ed last weekend to the Ludum Dare theming "Beneath the Surface" (29th edition).
I enjoyed that time a lot. What changed from the previous Ludum Dare for me is that I'm now —and happy to be— a father, and I'm enough trained to wake up at 3am so I could be there attending the beginning!
This article is my diary of this incredible 48 hours past to develop "Anthill", a minimalist anthill simulation game. This postmortem will explain what went right and what went wrong for this compo.
The Game
I haven't played any Ant Simulation Game but I recently played a lot "Banished", an awesome city-building strategy game, and I was inspired by the "assign jobs to people" gameplay of this game.
Timelapse
Developing a complete game in 48 hours (including sleeping) is tough, especially that it is also about making the graphics and the music!
The game resulting of these 2 days is more a prototype than a finished game: the simulation remains minimalist and fastly boring, the food is the only resource you have to care about.
Here is a 300x accelerated screencast of the developement of "Anthill":
What went right
Music
Best achievement of my LD entry was –to me– making the music.
I'm not a musician, neither a pianist, but I played a lot with Audio the past year and I've managed to make a music for this game —and had a lot of fun making it. I've used my Yamaha P105 as a MIDI controller for making the game music and connecting it to SunVox, a modular tracker software.
Play the music - feedback appreciated
Most of the notes you heard have been recorded live from my hand, and I was quite proud of that, because I'm quite a noob on a piano. Doing that way, you keep some imperfection in the music (little delay on the notes, especially in the intro music) and I think that sometimes makes the music better.
I've talked a few times about SunVox, also I still want to make my own web version of a modular audio tracker that anyone (first myself!) could use and also could embed live in the game (and, for instance, having game variable impacting the audio experience).
Graphics
Also, I'm more a developer than a graphist so I would say this was a success^^
Using a library
I've entirely focused on making my game rather than making the technical stack. Usually, I tend to develop my own framework with the game. It is good to learn and discover some cool ways of programming a game but this time I really wanted to get things done...
Phaser.io
...so I've used Phaser which is a trendy and awesome framework. It is also built on top of the Pixi.js rendering library (I used in LD27) and p2.js physics engine, which are two brillant and performant JavaScript libraries.
Hopefully I started my project with a "Phaser template" I bootstraped during the previous warmup weekend. I've still lost some time playing with the Phaser API but I could have relied on Phaser features and performance so I think it worth it the second day.
Google Hangout with Ludum Dare friends
I used Google Hangout during the whole Ludum Dare, as a way to put my webcam in the timelapse, but more importantly to have other Ludum Dare friends coming in it!
This was a cool first experiment as an alternative to the "stream my dev" approach. It was quite fun and social to have @mrspeaker showing me their crazy Metal Meter game advancement.
What went wrong
Achievability
My initial plan was too ambitious. It seems to always happen to me: I get the first day a lot of ideas and motivation, and I tend to underestimate the work to be done. Then at the end of the first day, I'm frustrated to find out I won't have enough time to do all my plans. Indeed it is good to have a lot of ideas but, next Ludum Dare, I'll try to be sure to have achievable goals.
Next time, let's remove half the features I establish!
So, the second day morning, I've been replanning from scratch and reprioritize my features to basically have something finished and working as a game. Because of this decision, the result you can see is a game, but far from the one I originally wanted. This version is only about digging, collecting mushrooms and avoiding stravation.
Also I originally scheduled to work that way Day 1: developing-only, Day 2: music and graphics + new features. I'm not sure this approach can really work, especially it doesn't scale, we better work by adding complete features one after the other. That theorically works, but it is however difficult to apply in practice with the stress of the Ludum Dare countdown!
Path finding performance
Implementing my own path finding algorithm was fast but not optimal at all because of performances! I recently released a bugfixed version which just use an existing path finding library to fix my bad implementation and also to avoid an ant to request path finding each frame when looking for a task to be affected on.
Finding the good simulation parameters
I underestimated a bit the amount of work needed to find the good parameters of the simulation. Those are very important to make the game well-balanced (e.g. not impossible but also not super-easy), I don't think I found the optimal parameter in the released version.
I think I need two important things to make this parameter search easier:
a framework to maintain parameters presets and change them live.
make the simulation running at any speed to ease the development. (faster simulation)
[bug] A task is not always completed by the closest ant
There is a inconvenient proximity bug in my game that you may have noticed: when a new job is created, it may happen that, even if a ant was here nearby, a very far ant is assigned to this job.
I'm using a foreach ant in noJobAnts { findAntTask(ant,availableTasks) } loop. In this first approach, even if a ant will take the closest task in findAntTask , the first assigned ant will occupy the task even if a closer ant was after in the noJobAnts list.
Another approach to solve this issue would be to do foreach task in availableTasks { findTaskAnts(task,noJobAnts) } . In this second approach, the findTaskAnts should sort the noJobAnts list for the given task proximity.
However it is not that trivial because tasks also have different priorities for a given ant, and findAntTask solved that. In my original plan, there are some basic tasks like "clean the dirt" or "clean the corpse" which can be done by any ant. However, a specialized ant (let's say an Harvester) may have some more important tasks to be done first, so this is why we need this priority.
In other word, fixing this bug is not trivial and I need to find the optimal loop for that!
To be continued...
I really wish to continue this game because I enjoyed making it and I would enjoy playing the one I have in mind! Time will tell if I can accomplish that wish!
You can make games!
I strongly think anyone a bit motivated and inspired can participate Ludum Dare.
Whoever you are, you can make games!
As you may or may not know, one of NIFTY's core mechanics (if you want to call it a mechanic) is random/procedural generation of stuff. We've been discussing quite a bit about what parts of the game should be generated and what should be just fixed (balance between time consumption and awesomeness). One of many aspects we really liked but didn't know if it was feasible was generation of enemies because of the huge amount of expected time we would need to implement it. As it turns out, generating sprites (and models from these sprites) is way simpler than we dared to dream. It only took 1 hour from an idea to a working prototype and a few more hours to get the whole thing to a useable stage.
Idea
First some restrictions for our generated sprites were necessary to make the generation easier and to get a rough picture of what we want. The most important restriction comes from the idea that these sprites should look like they represent something and what does the human brain like to find the most in random things? Faces. Simply put, everything that has a symmetry and some kinds of dots in it looks like a face to us. Be it animal, monster or robot, if it has a face we know we can interact with it. That said, our first restrictions are that the sprites needs to be symmetrical. Our second restrictions are as simple as our first one, we want all pixels in the sprite to be connected to each other.
The second restriction can easily be satisfied by using an algorithm which builds on already set pixels and ‘grows' them into a sprite.
Algorithm
Enough text for now, let's start with some more specific instructions:
Set a seed point in the middle of the sprite While not enough pixels set do: Randomly select a pixel that's next to a set pixel Compute probability for setting this pixel (decision function) Set the pixel using the probability from 2.B Profit!
Well that's it. Nothing spectacular here. One bit of magic is hidden in the decision function
but even if it always returns a constant value it already generates nice images:
By adding some lighter and darker spots (again at random) and changing the decision function we can influence the generated sprites more. In our case we want some ability scores (health, speed, power) to influence the look of the sprites so the player can estimate what type of enemy he's looking at. Here are some examples of what the generator spits out in it's current form:
High health: big, low detail
High speed: small, high detail
High power: medium size, high detail, more light/dark spots
Code excerpt
Here are two code snippets (in Java) from our implementation to give you some idea how it is implemented in NIFTY.
Note: the openList for storing points that haven't been checked yet and the closedList for points that have been check are both of type HashSet<Position> .
Generation loop:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 public void generate ( ) { long seed = r. nextLong ( ) ; r = new Random ( seed ) ; long time = System . currentTimeMillis ( ) ; clear ( ) ; int iterations = 0 ; for ( int count = 0 ; count < ( w * h / 2 ) * fillPercentage ; ++ iterations ) { count += grow ( ) ? 1 : 0 ; // count amount of pixels set } addDecoration ( ) ; System . out . println ( "Runtime: " + ( System . currentTimeMillis ( ) - time ) + "ms" ) ; System . out . println ( "Iterations: " + iterations ) ; System . out . println ( "Random seed: " + seed ) ; } } public void generate() { long seed = r.nextLong(); r = new Random(seed); long time = System.currentTimeMillis(); clear(); int iterations = 0; for (int count = 0; count < (w * h / 2) * fillPercentage; ++iterations) { count += grow() ? 1 : 0; // count amount of pixels set } addDecoration(); System.out.println("Runtime: " + (System.currentTimeMillis() - time) + "ms"); System.out.println("Iterations: " + iterations); System.out.println("Random seed: " + seed); } }
Growing step:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 public boolean grow ( ) { // System.out.println("Open list size: " + openList.size()); // System.out.println("Closed list size: " + closedList.size()); int xx, yy ; Position p ; Iterator it ; do { it = openList. iterator ( ) ; p = it. next ( ) ; // Randomly pick element int num = r. nextInt ( openList. size ( ) ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < num ; ++ i ) { p = it. next ( ) ; } xx = p. getX ( ) ; yy = p. getY ( ) ; if ( pixels [ map ( xx, yy ) ] != PColor. EMPTY ) { // Pixel is already set // Move to closed list it. remove ( ) ; closedList. add ( p ) ; } } while ( pixels [ map ( xx, yy ) ] != PColor. EMPTY ) ; int countSide = 0 , countDiag = 0 ; for ( int ix = xx - 1 ; ix <= xx + 1 ; ++ ix ) { for ( int iy = yy - 1 ; iy <= yy + 1 ; ++ iy ) { if ( ix < 0 || ix >= w || iy < 0 || iy >= h / 2 ) // outside drawing range continue ; if ( pixels [ map ( ix, iy ) ] != PColor. EMPTY ) { if ( ix == xx ^ iy == yy ) ++ countSide ; else ++ countDiag ; } } } // Check if we should set this pixel if ( r. nextFloat ( ) < evaluator. getPixelSetChance ( countSide, countDiag ) ) { pixels [ map ( xx, yy ) ] = PColor. NORMAL ; // Move point to closed list it. remove ( ) ; closedList. add ( p ) ; // Add surrounding points to open list addPoint ( xx + 1 , yy ) ; addPoint ( xx - 1 , yy ) ; addPoint ( xx, yy + 1 ) ; addPoint ( xx, yy - 1 ) ; return true ; } return false ; } public boolean grow() { // System.out.println("Open list size: " + openList.size()); // System.out.println("Closed list size: " + closedList.size()); int xx, yy; Position p; Iterator it; do { it = openList.iterator(); p = it.next(); // Randomly pick element int num = r.nextInt(openList.size()); for (int i = 0; i < num; ++i) { p = it.next(); } xx = p.getX(); yy = p.getY(); if (pixels[map(xx, yy)] != PColor.EMPTY) { // Pixel is already set // Move to closed list it.remove(); closedList.add(p); } } while (pixels[map(xx, yy)] != PColor.EMPTY); int countSide = 0, countDiag = 0; for (int ix = xx - 1; ix <= xx + 1; ++ix) { for (int iy = yy - 1; iy <= yy + 1; ++iy) { if (ix < 0 || ix >= w || iy < 0 || iy >= h / 2) // outside drawing range continue; if (pixels[map(ix, iy)] != PColor.EMPTY) { if (ix == xx ^ iy == yy) ++countSide; else ++countDiag; } } } // Check if we should set this pixel if (r.nextFloat() < evaluator.getPixelSetChance(countSide, countDiag)) { pixels[map(xx, yy)] = PColor.NORMAL; // Move point to closed list it.remove(); closedList.add(p); // Add surrounding points to open list addPoint(xx + 1, yy); addPoint(xx - 1, yy); addPoint(xx, yy + 1); addPoint(xx, yy - 1); return true; } return false; }
This enemy generator is neither finished nor integrated in the game yet, and the colors need some tweaking as well. We hope to be able to show the first completely procedurally generated enemies within the game soon…
The ‘Bombay Velvet' director who has had a rather unusual innings in Bollywood is about to leave India and settle in Paris. Anurag Kashyap's news of moving out had been rife last year too. But this year they are surely moving out.
In reports published in India Today, Anurag's relocation was confirmed by the man himself. They have finalized a studio apartment and will be shifting this month itself. Anurag would still be retaining their interest in Phantom films with their other three partners. And as for the Anurag Kashyap Films Pvt Ltd (AKFPL), it will be managed by Guneet Monga.
Anurag was quoted, "I want to begin again. I want to go and make films where people have lesser boundaries. I want to push myself. Beyond a point, I can't push myself here."
Their films belong to a different genre and CBFC's new rules and regulations aint going down too well with him. So they decided to move out.
In an official statement, Anti Social Social Club has apologized for widespread shipping delays to customers. The statement follows months of complaints by thousands of supporters of the brand across social media and online platforms. In September, HYPEBEAST reported at least 1,320 accounts of users who had yet to receive their product and close to half a million dollars of unaccounted for merchandise. Meanwhile, an online petition urging the Federal Trade Commission to take legal action against the hyped streetwear brand has received over 5,000 signatures.
Anti Social Social Club has confirmed to HYPEBEAST that the 3,000 people who have faced shipping issues account for less than 5% of total customers. “Overall, this letter is showing people that we care, and instead of commenting or retaliating back, we have been putting our heads down and working out the problems as a business should,” says ASSC founder Neek Lurk, who added they personally do not handle the shipping.
According to the statement and sources close to the company's operations, action has been taken to prevent further delays in the future. Read the letter below.
News
$110 million water treatment plant upgrades start next month
More than a decade after the Zone 7 Water Agency started planning, the long-awaited expansion and upgrade of the Patterson Pass Water Treatment Plant will finally get underway next month. Tuesday, 3:20 PM | 1 comments
Stoneridge Mall owners submit plans for new cinema, retail, health club at Sears site
Simon Property Group has unveiled its plans for redesigning the eastern edge of Stoneridge Shopping Center left vacant with the Sears store now closed. Monday, 3:08 PM | 11 comments
Pleasanton Preps: Basketball, softball, lacrosse, tennis all in action
The Amador Valley girls basketball team saw their Cinderella run through the North Coast Section playoffs come to an end against top-seeded Carondelet in the semifinal round last week. Tuesday, 10:14 AM
Campus projects up for approval at Pleasanton school board meeting
A handful of improvement projects and upgrades for campuses throughout the Pleasanton Unified School District will be considered at the Board of Trustees meeting on Tuesday evening. Monday, 11:05 AM
McMillan taking reins as MTC executive director
Therese W. McMillan, a career public transportation official with strong Bay Area ties, is set to start their new role this week as executive director of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission. Tuesday, 2:26 PM
Authorities identify victim, suspect from fatal shooting in Danville
The man who was fatally shot in Danville on Sunday afternoon has been identified as 76-year-old John Moore, a local man who was found dead by police after sustaining gunshot wounds, according to the Contra Costa County Coroner's Office. Monday, 4:11 PM | 1 comments
Hello, dolls! -- at Museum on Main
Pleasanton's Museum on Main will display dolls from its collections in a new exhibit opening Wednesday titled "Tri-Valley of the Dolls." Tuesday, 2:26 PM
Livermore: Driver gets two speeding tickets in 11 minutes
A driver on Interstate 580 in the Tri-Valley managed to rack up about $1,000 in traffic fines Monday afternoon with two speeding tickets in 11 minutes, a California Highway Patrol spokesperson said. Monday, 3:29 PM | 1 comments
Pleasanton police report armed robbery on Bernal Avenue
The Pleasanton Police Department is investigating a robbery near Bernal Community Park during which two armed people stole a pedestrian's laptop bag and pistol-whipped the victim before fleeing the area on Thursday night. Sunday, 2:36 PM | 28 comments
A cappella champs at Firehouse
Six Appeal, the 2018 International Professional a cappella champions, will be in concert at the Firehouse Arts Center at 8 p.m. March 2. Monday, 11:08 AM
Las Positas College Fire Academy receives new accreditation
The Las Positas College Regional Fire Academy recently earned new status as an accredited regional training program in the state fire training system, officials with the Livermore community college announced last week. Monday, 11:09 AM
Comedians onstage to benefit Harvest Park
A night of laughter will benefit Harvest Park Middle School, as three comedians take the stage at the "Patriot Parent Social and Comedy Night" on March 5 at Tommy T's Comedy Club. Monday, 3:30 PM
Cal High alum, daughter of SRVUSD board president dies in car crash
Madeline "Maddie" Hurd, a 2015 California High School graduate and the daughter of San Ramon Valley Unified School District Board of Education President Rachel Hurd, was in their senior year working toward a bachelor's degree in recreation at Western Washington University. They were 21 years old. Sunday, 2:36 PM | 1 comments
Brother arrested, accused of fratricide in rural Livermore
A suspect was arrested on suspicion of murdering their brother Saturday night in an unincorporated area of Livermore, the Alameda County Sheriff's Office said. Sunday, 2:58 PM | 1 comments
Bay East Association honors best in local real estate for 2018
The Bay East Association of Realtors recognized some of its most outstanding members for achievement during 2018. Sunday, 2:37 PM
Amador Valley High principal takes leave of absence
First-year Amador Valley High School principal Alberto Solorzano was granted a leave of absence for personal reasons on Wednesday, according to Pleasanton Unified School District officials. Wednesday, 11:47 AM | 24 comments
As people gathered around Boston's Old State House to hear the reading of the Declaration of Independence in celebration of the Fourth of July, protesters carrying signs stood along the barricaded area, denouncing recently-revealed secret government surveillance programs.
Spurred by the revelations about the National Security Agency's surveillance activities, about 25 activists gathered at the 9:30 a.m. Restore the Fourth rally.
The release of government documents by former NSA contractor Edward J. Snowden, who is believed to somewhere in a Moscow airport, has sparked protests from various groups and outrage from the Obama administration, which is seeking to prosecute them on espionage and government theft charges. The documents were first published last month by the British newspaper The Guardian. Since the release, President Barack Obama, as well as members of Congress and intelligence officials have told citizens that they are not the target of the agency's surveillance.
Advertisement
“The recent NSA revelations have just confirmed what I had already begun to suspect, which is that the searches that are being conducted are no longer in the spirit of the Fourth Amendment,'' said Christopher Bucher, 22, of Burlington.
Activists seized the opportunity of the Independence Day holiday to highlight their concerns about whether the surveillance programs are contrary to the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable government searches and seizures.
“If you cast a wide net and just entitle yourself to collect everything that shows up, it's going to be a problem,'' Bucher said about the NSA monitoring. “I want to raise awareness about [the surveillance]. I want people to know exactly what the NSA is up to. I want them to know their rights are being violated and they deserve better from their government.''
Protester Matthew Krawitz held an American flag at the front of the rally against the barricade.
“We're here to bring attention to the violation of our privacy,'' said Krawitz, 42, of Swampscott. “It isn't acceptable and it isn't something we'll stand for.''
They said that the government's searches were unwarranted and that “there's no real accountability of how they use the data.''
Advertisement
Krawitz said another protest against the surveillance would take place in Dewey Square this afternoon. Participants of Restore the Fourth would march with that rally, they said.
Signs poked through the masses, with messages such as “One Nation, Under Watch,'' “Don't spy on me,'' and “No Spying in America.''
Francis Usher created their sign in an alleyway off of Washington Street while the reading ceremony began.
“We're here celebrating the signing of the Declaration of Independence and the right to peacefully assemble,'' said Usher, 25, of Worcester. They said spreading the word about the spying was the protest's biggest accomplishment.
“Our privacy is in jeopardy,'' they said, making the finishing touches on their sign. It read “For Sale by Congress, your privacy.''
“If you sacrifice your privacy, all your other civil liberties are at risk.''
I don't give care if it sells like hotcakes, since as proven by titles like ORAS and XY Pokémon fans will blindly buy the lowest quality titles of the main series if it's new and fresh, while ignoring anything of higher quality when it comes to spinoffs (Ex: Pokémon Super MD or Pokken DX) because it's not the main series.
The main concern for longtime fans like myself is the fact that they need to do a better job of bringing back extensive post-games, adding replay value for both single player AND online (nowadays they just focus on the latter) and it seemed with SM, which came after a nice gap year that they actually did manage to do that for the most part, only to wreck it with USUM being a cheap cash-in to send off the 3DS and not something of the quality of prior third versions.
TLDR: People know that Gamefreak rushing games to get them out ASAP always leads into disaster later down the line and stuff gets cut/dumbed down as a result. Pokémon fans just want them to take their time and make an amazing game even if it takes years to do so. That's exactly what made Mario Odyssey a great game and the same can be applied here.
The University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point has overturned the student government's decision to deny recognition to a prospective Turning Point USA chapter amid legislative pressure.
Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Al Thompson issued a statement Friday stating that they had “asked SGA to reconsider its action on November 16, based on UW-Stevens Point and UW System policies recognizing student organizations, SGA guidelines on viewpoint neutrality, and a UW Board of Regents policy on academic expression,” but was forced to step in after SGA failed to take action.
"I have determined that Turning Point USA meets the requirements to be recognized as a student organization at UW-Stevens Point."
The SGA had originally denied the group recognition based on accusations that it was “dangerous,” a “threat,” and a “hate speech group” that “attacks people of different backgrounds.”
[RELATED: Student gov rejects TPUSA chapter after public pillorying]
Thompson's decision to reverse the SGA vote comes after the university received pressure from Wisconsin state senator Patrick Testin, who stated that they believed that the “decision stifles the free expression of ideas on campus and is antithetical to the mission of the university.”
Thompson's statement acknowledges that they did indeed wait for the SGA to correct the situation on its own, asserting that “in the absence of further SGA action on November 16, I have determined that Turning Point USA meets the requirements to be recognized as a student organization at UW-Stevens Point.”
The SGA's meeting agenda for Thursday did not include any reference to considering a reversal of the decision, but according to Testin, the administration was “hoping they would take it upon themselves.”
[RELATED: WI state sen. ‘confident' admins will overturn TPUSA rejection]
“UW-Stevens Point's strategic plan outlines our mission, vision, and values, which include valuing diversity and inclusivity,” Thompson stated. “We define diversity as differences in background, identity, ability, and more; includes race/ethnicity, gender role and identity, age, religion, political perspective, sexual orientation, nontraditional student, veteran, disability, chronic illness, and socioeconomic status.
“UW-Stevens Point is a teaching and learning institution, and this process has been a learning experience for all,” they added. “As an institution that values diversity and the freedom to explore all ideas, even unpopular ones, UW-Stevens Point remains committed to a learning environment that respects multiple viewpoints and ensures discourse is civil and our campus is safe for all.”
Student Body President Sean Piette indicated that student government would accept the administration's ruling, but defended its original decision to deny TPUSA official recognition.
“The Student Government Association Senate voted with their conscience and with input from many of their constituents. This decision was overturned by Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Al Thompson on November 17th,” they affirmed. “We welcome Turning Point USA at University of Wisconsin Stevens Point as an officially recognized student organization on this campus.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @celinedryan
Between Worlds
Neal Stephenson's latest book REAMDE is an impressive achievement. They manage to fill it with a wealth of detail without stalling the story's momentum. And though it is hardly a traditional novel of ideas, it provides the raw material for searching reflections on the role fiction plays in our lives. The fantasies it mobilizes are so artfully presented that they are able to seduce readers deeply troubled by their implications. This is why REAMDE is such a compulsive page turner, a book of over 1000 pages that feels half that long.
Like Snow Crash, Stephenson's breakthrough 1992 novel about the not-so-distant future, REAMDE turns on the relationship between two worlds. The first one is basically the world we live in today, but with the levels turned all the way up. We classify it as real, even as we acknowledge — along with the characters in the book — that the plot seems surreal to the vast majority of people.
The second world is located on the internet, in the form of a massively multiplayer online game called T'Rain. One of the novel's principal characters, Richard Forthrast, is the driving force behind the game's success and has become extremely wealthy as a consequence. Others are longtime players. And some learn to play out of necessity as the plot unfolds.
Like the Metaverse, the virtual world in Snow Crash, T'Rain makes it possible for individuals who are relatively insignificant in real life to attain tremendous power. But it stops short of inverting the order of things. Because succeeding in the game usually requires a substantial monetary investment, well-off players find it easier to succeed than impoverished ones. The latter must work harder to get ahead, a circumstance that leads to the formation of groups in which players pool their resources and coordinate collective action.
That's where the novel's title — no, REAMDE is not a typo — comes in. The misspelled word refers to a virus crafted by a young T'Rain player, a hacker, in the south of China who, together with a large band of supporters, undertakes to extort a ransom from many of the game's wealthier devotees. The idea is that people whose computers get infected while playing T'Rain will deposit the equivalent of a modest sum of $73 at a specified geographic location within the world of the game. Because so many computers are infected, millions of dollars should eventually pass to the hacker's collective.
Because the REAMDE virus radically increases T'Rain's influence on the real world, however, these plans go awry. One of the people affected by the virus, a Russian mobster named Ivanov, becomes enraged when they learn that it will expose them to charges of embezzlement. They quickly put together a commando unit and flies to the Chinese city of Xiamen, where the hacker is living, with the intention of personally making their extreme displeasure known.
This rashly undertaken expedition sets in motion a chain of events that brings an Islamic terrorist organization into the narrative. A series of unlikely, yet somehow still credible plot twists eventually leads most of the novel's important characters to converge on a rugged area along the Idaho-British Columbia border. For several hundred pages, the world of T'Rain is largely forgotten. But as the novel comes to a conclusion, Richard has a revelation about their character Egdod:
Egdod's beard was long and white, where Richard's was just a couple of days' gray stubble. And Egdod, of course, had no need to carry a huge, looted revolver in their waistband. Hell, Egdod didn't even have a waistband. But despite all of these differences, Richard still found something hugely enjoyable about the fact that, at the same moment, both they and Egdod were wandering alone across their respective worlds, seeing everything close up in a way that they rarely had a chance to. Getting back in touch with the terrains from which they had sprung, autochthonously, early in their lives.
Coming near the end of what is essentially a protracted chase sequence, in which neither the novel's characters nor the readers caught up in their exploits have had an opportunity to reflect, this short passage has a powerful impact. Not only have most of REAMDE's characters been converging on this remote location, so have its two distinct worlds. The largely invisible line dividing Canada from the United States thereby becomes a metaphor for the one dividing the real world from its virtual counterpart.
What until this point has appeared to be a serious flaw in the novel, its abandonment of the T'Rain story halfway through, can now be seen as a clever stratagem for getting readers to ponder the ways in which one world can mirror another. For the real world of the novel is also a fiction, just like T'Rain, providing us the opportunity to follow Richard's lead in discerning correspondences. We realize that they have been struggling all along to figure out a way to navigate the passage between worlds without depriving them of their autonomy, the same task that engages us when we immerse ourselves in a work of fiction.
As we reconsider the novel with this revelation in mind, we see the problems faced by its characters in a new light. Three hundred pages earlier, the Hungarian computer expert Csongor is forced to learn how to play T'Rain. Because they have no experience of massively multiplayer online gaming, they find it difficult to inhabit their character with feeling. But this shortcoming gives them the critical distance necessary to analyze the experience dispassionately: “Being in any virtual world, of course, required some ability to suspend one's disbelief and enter into the consensual hallucination.”
It's no accident that Csongor achieves this insight while trying to help the Chinese hacker, whose name turns out to be Marlon, convert the virtual gold left behind as ransom payments into money they can spend in the real world. “Consensual hallucination” is not only a requirement for participating fully in the marketplaces of T'Rain, but also those on Earth.
Reconceptualizing the world as a series of interlocking games may increase our understanding of how things work, but that doesn't guarantee that we will profit as a consequence. The underlying message of REAMDE is that we need to believe in what we are doing if we are to take full advantage of our knowledge. Irony is not an end, but a means, a passage we must traverse in order to find the courage of our convictions.
Because Stephenson subscribes to the libertarian ethos long popular in the high-tech sector, presenting entrepreneurial capitalism in a favorable light, their work can be hard for progressives to stomach. Combine that quality, which runs through all of this fiction, with REAMDE's willingness to portray radical Muslims with roughly the same subtlety as former President George W. Bush, and it's understandable that the novel has been subjected to harsh critique on the American Left. But to reject it out of hand as a consequence would be a mistake.
Because whatever political agenda Stephenson may have, they never descends to dogma. Sure, REAMDE wants us to think hard about how we can make money in today's economy. And it gives the War on Terror the same positive treatment as the long-running American television show 24. What interests Stephenson the most, though, are the mechanisms that make it possible for us to identify with positions like these. More than anything, the novel is a meditation on the ways in which fantasy can shape reality, and the importance of finding fictions worth believing in.
United States President Donald Trump has pledged to intensify the war against the people of Somalia, which has gone on for decades.
Their executive order granted the U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) greater latitude in carrying out military operations inside the country against the al-Shabaab guerrilla movement. The operations no longer have to be approved at high levels in Washington nor do the officers have to show that U.S. lives are at stake and no civilian casualties will occur.
There is really no evidence that these parameters guided U.S. attacks in Somalia in the past. Though AFRICOM has often denied that its strikes and commando raids deliberately endanger civilians, this happens more often than not.
That doesn't mean the Pentagon is speaking wildly. AFRICOM Commander Marine Corps Gen. Thomas Waldhauser said the actions were needed to avoid civilian casualties and avoid making more enemies than the U.S. already has.
Trump claims that the Obama administration hampered the Pentagon's capacity to defeat al-Shabaab. Yet the Obama White House continued the same routine bombing operations, funding and training of the African Union Mission to Somalia (AMISOM), maintenance of a CIA field station in Mogadishu and a flotilla of naval warships off the coast of the strategically located country in the Gulf of Aden as did previous administrations.
Washington has had a military posture toward Somalia since the Carter administration in the late 1970s. The Horn of Africa nation remains a source of instability throughout the region. Its people face a worsening situation regarding growing food insecurity and economic crisis. The transnational oil firms drilling for petroleum have brought few benefits to the people.
Drone strikes and aerial bombardments have resulted in deaths and injuries of thousands of Somalis since 2007. At that time the George W. Bush administration sought to undermine the ability of Somalis to determine their own destiny. Every Somali administration since that period has been under the political dominance of Washington and Wall Street, which has spread corruption and inefficiency. Hundreds of thousands of people face joblessness and starvation.
Somalia's newly elected administration headed by President Mohamed Abdulahi Mohamed, who holds a U.S. passport, declared a renewed war on al-Shabaab after giving its members 60 days to surrender. Nonetheless, the capacity of the federal government to maintain security even within the capital of Mogadishu has proven to be extremely limited.
Wave of attacks kills dozens
It was reported that at least 15 people were killed in a car bomb attack on April 9 aimed at assassinating the newly appointed military leader of the Somali Federal Government. This operation took place right in the heart of Mogadishu in the aftermath of the inauguration of Gen. Ahmed Mohamed Jimale.
A driver attempted to ram a vehicle into the convoy carrying Gen. Jimale. The military official survived the attack, which struck a minibus carrying commuters, causing most of the casualties.
Within 24 hours yet another attack took place when a soldier wearing military gear walked into the training academy and detonated a bomb. The academy is located in the western section of Mogadishu.
Also on April 10, a civil servant died when a bomb in their vehicle was detonated apparently through a remote control device in the Hamarweyne district of the capital.
Just the day before the attempt to assassinate Gen. Jimale, there was a major effort to seize a commercial cargo ship off the coast of the country by so-called pirates. The ship had 19 Filipino sailors aboard during the attack, which was only repelled due to the intervention of a joint Chinese and Indian anti-piracy patrol in the Gulf of Aden.
That incident was only one of five which have been reported over the last several weeks. Pirates recently took control of a Pakistani-owned ship transporting food off the coast of central Somalia. Later an Indian-owned vessel was commandeered and redirected for the purpose of seizing its goods.
U.S. policy undermines Somalia
Even with 22,000 Western-trained and funded AMISOM troops stationed in Somalia, the country still has not been stabilized. Trump's directive will only create more death and destruction.
The humanitarian crisis in the country is worsening, with people fleeing to neighboring, war-torn Yemen. This country too is under siege by U.S.-backed forces led by Saudi Arabia and the Gulf Cooperation Council. A boat filled with Somali refugees was bombed by GCC's U.S.-manufactured warplanes on March 17, killing many people as they attempted to travel along the Red Sea from Yemen to the Republic of Sudan.
An East African regional bloc of nations known as the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD) has failed to secure a ceasefire in Somalia. IGAD's response to the recent bombings has been to threaten further military activity directed against al-Shabaab.
Yet the regional states in East Africa should condemn U.S. policy in Somalia, which has resulted in further militarization of the area, destabilizing the society and increasing the impoverishment of the people.
FEN
[Event "Casual Rapid game"] [Site "https://lichess.org/Vclr4rPz"] [Date "2016.10.28"] [Round "-"] [White "Anonymous"] [Black "Anonymous"] [Result "0-1"] [UTCDate "2016.10.28"] [UTCTime "14:39:16"] [WhiteElo "?"] [BlackElo "?"] [Variant "Standard"] [TimeControl "300+5"] [ECO "A57"] [Opening "Benoni Defense: Hromádka System"] [Termination "Normal"] [Annotator "lichess.org"] 1. d4 Nf6 2. c4 c5 3. d5 d6 { A57 Benoni Defense: Hromádka System } 4. Nc3 e6 5. Bg5?! { (0.79 → 0.06) Inaccuracy. Best move was e4. } (5. e4 Nbd7 6. Be2 exd5 7. exd5 Be7 8. Nf3 Ng4 9. O-O O-O 10. Bf4 Nde5 11. Nd2 f5) 5... exd5 6. Nxd5 Be7 7. Nxe7 Qxe7 8. Nf3 O-O 9. e3 Nc6 10. Bd3 Nb4 11. Bb1 h6 12. Bh4 Qe6 13. a3 Nc6 14. Qc2 Re8 15. Bxf6 Qxf6 16. Qh7+ Kf8 17. O-O Ne5?! { (-0.16 → 0.72) Inaccuracy. Best move was Be6. } (17... Be6 18. Bd3 g5 19. Rac1 Qg7 20. Rfd1 Rad8 21. Qxg7+ Kxg7 22. Be4 Bd7 23. Bc2 Be6 24. Ba4) 18. Nxe5?! { (0.72 → -0.04) Inaccuracy. Best move was Nd2. } (18. Nd2 Ke7 19. Rd1 Bg4 20. Ne4 Qg6 21. Qxg6 fxg6 22. f3 Be6 23. b3 Rad8 24. Nc3 g5) 18... Rxe5?! { (-0.04 → 0.54) Inaccuracy. Best move was Qxe5. } (18... Qxe5) 19. Bc2 Bh3?? { (0.40 → 3.91) Blunder. Best move was Ke7. } (19... Ke7 20. Qd3 Bf5 21. Qb3 b6 22. Bxf5 Qxf5 23. Rad1 Qf6 24. Rd2 Re6 25. Qd3 Qg6 26. Rfd1) 20. Qh8+?? { (3.91 → 0.00) Blunder. Best move was f4. } (20. f4 Ree8 21. gxh3 b5 22. b3 bxc4 23. bxc4 Rab8 24. Rab1 Rb6 25. Ba4 Rd8 26. Rxb6 axb6) 20... Ke7 21. Qxa8 Qf3 22. gxf3?? { (2.07 → Mate in 3) Checkmate is now unavoidable. Best move was Be4. } (22. Be4 Qxe4 23. f3 Qxe3+ 24. Kh1 Qf4 25. Rad1 Be6 26. Qxb7+ Kf6 27. Qa6 Re2 28. b3 Rb2) 22... Rg5+ 23. Kh1 Bg2+ 24. Kg1 Bxf3# { Black wins by checkmate. } 0-1
Fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have launched a string of attacks on an Iraqi army headquarters near Fallujah, killing at least 20 soldiers.
Al Jazeera's Imran Khan, reporting from Baghdad, said ISIL suicide bombers detonated eight fortified car bombs near the army's headquarters on Sunday.
Our correspondent said the group had mounted an attack on missile batteries first and then moved towards the bases.
They said ISIL had been "learning to exploit" the Iraqi military's weaknesses.
"They're using these car bombs to devastating effect. These car bombs are very difficult for the Iraqi security forces to defend against."
Fallujah, in Iraq's Anbar province, is less than 70km west of Baghdad.
Our correspondent said there were also reports that another 33 Iraqi soldiers had been killed in an ambush near Ramadi, also in Anbar, but authorities have yet to confirm the toll.
At least 13 soldiers have been confirmed dead near Ramadi.
Our correspondent said the battle to reclaim Ramadi in Anbar province, which had been taken by ISIL, was "in full flow".
While a government spokesperson said that the Iraqi forces were gearing up to retake the province, they said they needed more help from their allies.
New York - A casino that opened a year ago at the fading Aqueduct horse racing track in Queens has emerged as the country's highest-grossing slot parlor, helping to reshape the gambling landscape in the Northeast as patrons chose less opulent, more local casinos instead of traditional gambling meccas in Atlantic City and Connecticut.
The casino, Resorts World Casino New York City, generated nearly $630 million in revenue over the last 12 months from electronic slot machines, more than the slots at any of the 12 casinos in Atlantic City or at Foxwoods or Mohegan Sun in Connecticut. The average income from an electronic slot machine is more than $370 a day, compared with $169 for slots on the Strip in Las Vegas.
The success of the casino, the only one in the five boroughs of New York, suggests that no matter how luxurious the accommodations or exciting the entertainment, nothing appeals more to gamblers than a casino that is nearby. More than 5.6 million people live within 10 miles - a short subway ride or car trip - of the casino, which expects to see its 10 millionth customer by the end of October. At the same time, the runaway success of the casino is also expected to have an impact on how the administration of Gov. Andrew Cuomo moves ahead with plans to approve more, even larger casinos around the state.
"Convenience and location are the driving factors today," said William R. Eadington, director of the University of Nevada's Institute for the Study of Gambling and Commercial Gaming. "If you put a casino in a high-density population like Queens, you'll do well."
And others will not. Casino revenues in Atlantic City have dropped 36 percent, from a high of $5.2 billion in 2006 to $3.3 billion last year. Revenues are also down at Connecticut casinos. Last month, Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, the world's largest casino, announced it would lay off 328 more workers, blaming the casino at Aqueduct and a weak economy.
"I used to go to Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods on the fast ferry," said Ralph Barbaro, 77, a retired salesperson, as they played a slot machine at Resorts World. "This is very convenient. It takes me 20, 25 minutes to get here from my home on Long Island."
Genting New York, a subsidiary of the largest gambling company in England and Southeast Asia, opened the casino last fall, with 4,525 electronic slot machines and 475 electronic table games. Genting transformed the aging grandstand at Aqueduct, where racing seldom drew a crowd, into a palace packed with clanging machines, restaurants and gamblers. There are now nine racetrack slot parlors and five tribal casinos in New York.
New York's slot parlors pay the highest tax rate in the nation, a total of 60 percent or more, compared with less than 10 percent in Las Vegas and Atlantic City. By law, the bulk of the money, 44 percent or $3.3 billion since 2006, goes to education.
There are similar success stories in other states. Gamblers no longer have to get on a plane or endure a three-hour bus ride to play slot machines and blackjack now that casinos and slot parlors have proliferated across Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. More casinos are on their way in Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and Maine.
"This trend is really tough on traditional hotel-casinos with 1,000-room hotels," Eadington said. "They have trouble filling the rooms."
With the proliferation of casinos and slot parlors, the Connecticut and Atlantic City establishments are not the only ones feeling the pinch of competition. Empire City Casino in Yonkers, until recently the most profitable of New York slot parlors, says it has seen a 15 percent drop in business since Resorts World opened.
State officials and gambling executives say they believe that major resort-casinos, especially one in Manhattan, would be an enormous boon to the economy. Casino proponents say that operators would pay as much as $1 billion for a license in New York City. And some experts contend that resort-casinos employ seven for every $1 million gambled, while slot parlors average only three jobs for the same sum.
But the success of the casino at Aqueduct could also be used as an argument against future casinos, because it appears to be stealing some customers from others to succeed. A full-scale casino in New York City or on Long Island would attract huge crowds, experts say, and almost certainly put a big dent in profits at local slot parlors.
"You may be successful with a commercial casino in New York City, but there's going to be collateral damage," said Alan Woinski, president of Gaming USA, which publishes analyses of the gambling industry. "Everybody thinks casinos print money. Those days are over. The market is becoming saturated."
State officials contend, however, that gambling is still growing in New York, where revenues have jumped to $1.4 billion in the last fiscal year from $875.2 million in 2007. The Aqueduct and Yonkers casinos generated over $1.1 billion in revenue in the past year, more than double what Empire City did a year earlier. Officials say they want to balance economic development and tax revenue while avoiding pitfalls of increased competition and tax rate changes.
But Genting, MGM Resorts, Las Vegas Sands and the other gambling companies that want to build full-scale casinos in New York also say they want the tax rate slashed substantially in order to justify building a $2 billion resort-casino.
With a drop in revenue in some slot parlors and a lower tax rate at the full casino, the state could well see a decline in direct revenues to education from the nearly $1 billion a year it gets from the slot parlors.
For the Bitcoin community of Europe, it is the time to rejoice!
In a historic ruling, The European Union's Court of Justice has said that the Bitcoin exchanges that transfer conventional currencies such as Euros or Swedish Krona into Bitcoin are exempt from value-added taxes.
The story behind the ruling is pretty interesting as well! A Swedish national David Hedqvist applied for operating their online Bitcoin exchange. However, the application ran into trouble after the Swedish Tax Authority declared that VAT (Value-Added Tax) will be imposed on Bitcoin even when The Swedish Revenue Law Commission had classified it as VAT-exempt.
The ruling effectively means that “Bitcoin is a currency, not a commodity.”
The court said,
“Transactions to exchange traditional currencies for units of the Bitcoin virtual currency (and vice versa) constitute the supply of services” under the bloc's law “since they consist of the exchange of different means of payment. As such they are exempt from value-added taxes.”
The court also said that this was due to EU's own regulations that bar such taxes on transfers of “currency, banknotes and coins used as legal tender.”
This ruling will certainly help in building a consensus in future over the treatment of Bitcoin.
Richard Asquith, Vice President at tax compliance firm Avalara who welcomed the ruling and called it “the first step in securing Bitcoin's future as a genuine alternative to national currencies.”
The good news has already taken the market by the storm and the bulls are on rampage mode, crushing the bears and catapulting the price to a fresh 10-week high of $276 (at the time of writing this report). See the chart below:
And the momentum is only going strong by the minute! We may even see Bitcoin scaling $280-290 on the back of this positive development.
David Cameron has described migrants attempting to cross the Channel to enter the UK as a "swarm" who would not be offered "safe haven", drawing pretty much universal condemnation for the dehumanising language.
The prime minister spoke from Vietnam as part of their tour of south-east Asia to say the authorities would ensure British tourists had a “safe and secure holiday”.
Their remarks were criticised as insensitive following the death of a young Sudanese man during skirmishes at the Eurotunnel border on Tuesday night. Thousands of desperate people fleeing war and prosecution in their home countries are currently in Calais attempting to seek a better life in the UK.
Hundreds of migrants tried to enter the Channel Tunnel again overnight on Wednesday.
Twitter was quick to point out the nastier implications of Cameron's language:
The BBC quoted Labour's Harriet Harman as saying "he should remember they are talking about people and not insects" and called the use of "divisive" language a "worrying turn".
Labour leadership candidate Andy Burnham was also quick to jump in and condem Cameron's choice of words as "disgraceful":
The UK Refugee Council said the prime minister's comments were "irresponsible":
This sort of rhetoric is extremely inflammatory and comes at a time when the Government should be focused on working with its European counterparts to respond calmly and compassionately to this dreadful humanitarian crisis.
Peter Sutherland, the UN Special Representative for International Migration accused British politicians of adopting a "xenophobic response" to the issue:
The first thing we have to do collectively is to deal with their conditions. Instead of talking about sending Gurkhas or building fences, we should be thinking of the humanitarian crisis.
Green Party deputy leader Shahrar Ali urged:
People will be disgusted at Cameron's Calais comments and they should retract them immediately.
Even Ukip leader Nigel Farage said Cameron's remark was inappropriate, insisting on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Thursday morning they would never use the word "swarm" (although they described migrants exactly the same way on Good Morning Britain earlier this year).
Illustration: iStockphoto
Advertisement Editor's Picks The Global Brain Trade
For years the U.S. Department of Labor has regularly published detailed reports of Labor Condition Applications. These cryptically named documents are filed when an employer seeks to bring in workers from outside the United States under H-1B visas and their variants. The data has been available as downloadable files for years, but only the most motivated have tackled the analysis, it wasn't easy to navigate.
But last week a French software engineer, Théo Négri, who has been running a job search web site for tech professionals, released a much more user friendly version of that database, and suddenly, the numbers look very interesting.
“This tool tells people how much engineers are being paid at a company they might be interested in,” Négri says. It also indicates “which companies are hiring foreigners,” so engineers from outside of the United States can better target their applications.
“The data has been there for years,” they say, “but nobody built an interactive database out of it.”
After weeks immersed in the data, Négri offered me a few insights. (You can browse the data yourself here.)
“While the golden age of engineers is not over,” they say, “salaries don't seem to be moving so much anymore. Salaries at Airbnb and Dropbox (according to the visa application data) recently decreased, while Facebook and Google, where salaries (for the same position) had been growing $10,000 to $15,000 a year, from 2014 to 2015 just grew $1000 or $2000.”
A big surprise for Négri: They found that the best paid software engineers appear to be at Netflix, where senior software engineers are, according to the labor department data, being paid $240,000 to $250,000 and up for positions for which the official prevailing wage is $153,000. (By comparison, Google applied to hire a host of software engineers at $100,000 to $110,000; the prevailing wages listed are $88,000 to $99,000 for those positions.)
Négri also said they were surprised that several of the technology companies with the largest number of visa applications submitted over the years they analyzed, including Infosys and IBM, don't appear to hire many software engineers at all; instead, they hire “technology leads” or “consultants”. In Négri's opinion, that could be a trick to bring in a technically skilled worker at a lower cost: “If the title says software engineer, you pay a lot” to stay in compliance with the H-1B laws that require immigrants to be paid the prevailing wage, they say. “If the title says ‘consultant', instead of $130,000 you might pay $60,000, the gap is that big.” They pointed to a “technology lead” for Infosys in Sunnyvale, Calif., listed in the database as having a salary of $87,000. “That's not much for Silicon Valley,” Négri says.
A few more nuggets from my own dip into the database:
(Remember, these numbers are based on H-1B and similar visa applications only, and do not represent comprehensive salary surveys. Also, the pool of workers, though mostly technical, does include non-technical workers, including physicians and CEOs, such as the CEOs of the New York Times and Burger King. Finally, 2015 data is for the first half of the year only.)
Netflix's average salary on visa applications took a big jump in the same time period, from $215,000 to $240,000.
Microsoft salaries also moved up, from $116,000 to $121,000, according to the data. That brings the company average more in line with Apple's $123,000 and Google's $124,000
Négri's interactive database is still a work in progress—he's building tools to tease out more information, they say. And there's much to look at. For example, while tech jobs appear to dominate in the H-1B visa application pool, these jobs aren't all tech, so non-technical positions may skew some of the numbers. At this point, applications for all locations of large corporations are aggregated; for the larger, more dispersed corporations, regional breakdowns could prove interesting.
It's likely that these—and other—analyses will be done, Négri has already been contacted by academics interested in using their database for research purposes.
If you dip into this database and come up with an interesting insight, please post it in the comments below.
Update: On 28 May Négri changed their calculations to display median instead of average salaries, which erased an apparent drop at IBM. A correction was therefore made to the above text.
Update: On 3 June the New York Times published an article detailing a recent effort by Disney to replace tech employees at its Florida properties with foreign workers brought in by HCL America. Negri's database indeed shows a big jump in HCL's visa applications for jobs in Florida: 29 applications in 2012, 123 in 2014, 105 so far in the first half of 2015. These numbers cover all of Florida, but many of the cities listed are those in which Disney has properties. You can search the data by company, year, and state here.
Chinese ride-sharing service provider Didi Kuaidi is expected to be one of the companies to raise a significant amount of funding this year. (Photo : Twitter)
China's venture capital market is expected to experience another surge, as major companies have raised more than $6 billion worth of funding for startups.
The outlook came after China's three major Internet companies--Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Baidu Inc.--embark on significant fund-raising activities for their various startup ventures, Bloomberg reported.
Advertisement
GGV Capital, one of Alibaba's major financial backers and the one responsible for the latter's Alipay online payment service, has reportedly raised $1.2 billion. Most of the money is expected to be used for funding already growing companies, while the remainder is to be used for emerging startups. The raised amount is part of GGV's $3.5-billion target for funding tech companies.
Meanwhile, both Tencent and Baidu have expressed interest in funding Beijing-based Homelink Real Estate Brokerage Co. If the two companies' funding offers push through, Homelink is expected to raise its value to $6.2 billion.
Ride-sharing company Didi Kuaidi is also expected to raise around $1.5 billion with its latest round of funding, the Venture Capitalist Post reported. With the backing of several major investors, including both Alibaba and Tencent, the company is expected to increase its value to around $20 billion with the offerings.
Didi is said to be global ride-sharing service Uber's main competitor in China. With its fundraising efforts, the company is expected to increase its coverage and reach more passengers and be able to generate more profits.
The global venture capital market saw a significant decline in the last quarter of 2015, with several high-profile startups like Snapchat and Flipkart being marked down by investors.
However, the Chinese venture capital scene was able to bounce back during the first quarter of this year, posting an increase of 50 percent and raising around $12.2 billion. This followed a successful string of venture deals in 2015 that netted $21.6 billion.
In terms of dealing with domestic abuse, sharia courts tend to take the side of the abuser and often tell the victims that they need to examine their own behaviour to try to find a way to stop provoking the violence. My research into sharia courts found that the clerics rarely, if ever, advise reporting the perpetrators to the police, but rather advise the men to take anger management classes and receive mentoring from so-called community elders so that marriages can be “saved”.
In 2011, the Iranian and Kurdish Women's Rights Organisation (Ikwro) found, following Freedom of Information requests to police forces across the UK, that 39 out of 52 forces had recorded a total of at least 2,823 “honour” attacks by family members on women and girls during 2010. Some forces showed an increase of nearly 50 per cent in such cases from 2009. This is the context in which hardline Muslims in the UK claim that wearing the burka is simply about freedom.
The status of Muslim women in relation to men is unlikely to improve unless Muslim women are better represented within the political system. Last month MWNUK wrote to the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn asking them to look into allegations of “systematic misogyny displayed by significant numbers of Muslim male local councillors”.
MWNUK says that female Muslims were discriminated against and blocked from seeking office by Muslim male Labour councillors operating under the patriarchal “biradari” caste system, and that the problem had been an “open secret” within Labour, which it accused of being “complicit at the highest levels”. In the letter to Corbyn, the organisation said: “Labour politicians have deliberately turned a blind eye to the treatment of Muslim women because votes have been more important to them than women's rights.”
During my time with Naz Shah, the Labour MP for Bradford West, during the 2015 election campaign, I heard from Muslim women who complained that they had been undermined, sabotaged and blocked from becoming councillors, with many selections “deals” decided behind closed doors.
When MWNUK launched a report, last year, on sexual exploitation in the Asian community, it had a major impact because its publication coincided with the revelations of child sexual exploitation by Asian gangs in Rotherham. It challenged the view that the the issue was purely one of race and that somehow Asian girls were left untouched by abusers because of loyalty to their own culture. MWNUK found that a worrying number of Asian women and girls were slipping through the net, as agencies, including the social services and the police, grappled with the difficulties of gaining victims' confidence because of cultural sensitivities — those same points of faith which are exploited by their abusers to ensure their victims' silence.
It confirmed what many already knew — that many Muslim girls and women are trapped in a cycle of abuse and violence because of a lack of services. What's more, it recommended that a helpline be set up as an outlet for them to confide their problems and seek advice.
It seems incredible that after more than four decades of feminism in the West so many on the Left are willing to sacrifice women's rights, in particular the rights of Muslim-born women, in the name of so-called religious freedom. Speaking out against sharia law in the UK is often viewed as racist. I have been listed on the website Islamophobia Watch since I published my first article about Pakistani grooming gangs in the north of England in 2007, despite the fact that I made it clear the men were committing such crimes because they knew the authorities would probably turn a blind eye.
I am tired of hearing from so-called Western feminists that to criticise the myriad ways in which Muslim men oppress Muslim women and girls is tantamount to Western imperialism. Feminists (many of them of Muslim heritage) who oppose the aspects of Islam that have institutionalised and normalised gender apartheid also oppose sexism within Christianity and Judaism.
It would be inconsistent and hypocritical if defenders of human rights and gender equality were not to expose and condemn the misogyny within Islam, yet many on the Left will defend grotesque and misogynistic practices and beliefs within Islam for fear of being accused of racism or Islamophobia. For what I have written about the anti-women doctrines within fundamentalist Jewish communities I have not been labelled anti-Semitic. In opposing some Catholic practices and naming them as discriminatory towards women I have never been accused of being against Catholic individuals, and have had the support of the progressive Left.
The creeping acceptance of sharia law in the UK has serious ramifications for every single Muslim woman and girl. It is also a sign that all women's rights are under threat, because to support sharia — which many liberal and left-wing men in the UK appear to do — is to be against equality. To accuse feminists of being “anti-Muslim” because we campaign against sharia and its apologists is to suggest that the Muslim girls and women it affects do not count.
It is estimated that there are currently around 85 sharia courts operating in Britain. They enjoy the support of a number of non-Muslim establishment figures, including the former Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, who said in an interview in 2008: “There's a place for finding what would be constructive accommodation with some aspects of Muslim law, as we already do with some other aspects of religious law.”In terms of dealing with domestic abuse, sharia courts tend to take the side of the abuser and often tell the victims that they need to examine their own behaviour to try to find a way to stop provoking the violence. My research into sharia courts found that the clerics rarely, if ever, advise reporting the perpetrators to the police, but rather advise the men to take anger management classes and receive mentoring from so-called community elders so that marriages can be “saved”.In 2011, the Iranian and Kurdish Women's Rights Organisation (Ikwro) found, following Freedom of Information requests to police forces across the UK, that 39 out of 52 forces had recorded a total of at least 2,823 “honour” attacks by family members on women and girls during 2010. Some forces showed an increase of nearly 50 per cent in such cases from 2009. This is the context in which hardline Muslims in the UK claim that wearing the burka is simply about freedom.The status of Muslim women in relation to men is unlikely to improve unless Muslim women are better represented within the political system. Last month MWNUK wrote to the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn asking them to look into allegations of “systematic misogyny displayed by significant numbers of Muslim male local councillors”.MWNUK says that female Muslims were discriminated against and blocked from seeking office by Muslim male Labour councillors operating under the patriarchal “biradari” caste system, and that the problem had been an “open secret” within Labour, which it accused of being “complicit at the highest levels”. In the letter to Corbyn, the organisation said: “Labour politicians have deliberately turned a blind eye to the treatment of Muslim women because votes have been more important to them than women's rights.”During my time with Naz Shah, the Labour MP for Bradford West, during the 2015 election campaign, I heard from Muslim women who complained that they had been undermined, sabotaged and blocked from becoming councillors, with many selections “deals” decided behind closed doors.
After four decades of feminist campaigning against men's right to beat their wives there is widespread disapproval of it among right-thinking British people. Legal sanctions against domestic violence do not allow alcohol as a mitigating factor. Even men's rights activists tend to shy away from publicly justifying beating up women because they refuse to obey, even if they secretly condone such actions. Indeed, the only group that still publicly and shamelessly defends wife-beating is the Islamists. The cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi, whom the then Mayor of London Ken Livingstone described as “one of the leading progressive voices in the Muslim world”, defends Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) and said, of the verse in the Koran about how it is acceptable for a man to beat their wife to keep them in line, that they accept corporal punishment as a method of last resort — though only “lightly”.Those who agree with al-Qaradawi would also presumably excuse forced marriage, marital rape and other forms of male coercion of women — all in the name of sharia and Islam. There is a reluctance to admit that FGM, another form of domestic violence, is primarily carried out within Muslim countries and communities, which have been reluctant to assist the UK authorities to make arrests and bring prosecutions.Women and girls living under Muslim laws face restrictions on what they wear, where they can appear in public, and on their education and work. The prohibition of alcohol in a building owned by a Muslim is a step towards creating Islamic enclaves that live under a different legal system — the no-go areas that the police deny exist. And the fact that MPs, the country's legislators, are apparently powerless to do anything about it implies that we are losing sight of the idea of equality before the law.Alcohol does not cause abuse and violence, though it is often used as an excuse for the violence. Not all alcoholics are violent, and not all abusers have a drink problem.The reality is that the majority of abusers are not alcoholics. They use alcohol as part of their wider abusive behaviour. Over the years I have volunteered in women's refuges and also interviewed the victims and perpetrators of domestic violence. I have learned that violent men often blame the alcohol rather than themselves for the violence; they will go out and get drunk to create an excuse to get violent, or pretend to be drunk when perpetrating violence and affect not to remember what they did when drunk.The problem is not alcohol, but attitudes towards women. The fewer rights women have in relation to men, the worse the domestic violence and other forms of abuse at the hands of men. But women and girls living under sharia law in the UK are particularly vulnerable to domestic violence. Forced and early marriage, polygamy and draconian attitudes towards the role of women in the home result in wives having little or no power and husbands exerting theirs in any way they choose. In addition, the widespread practice of using patriarchal sharia courts to settle disputes between family members has resulted in a free-for-all within conservative Muslim households.
Remember Blue Mars, the mesh-based virtual world which arrived in open beta in 2009? Despite initially high hopes, it struggled to find an audience, either among general users or those of us familiar with the more free-form sandbox environments provided by the likes of SL. At its peak in 2010, it had attracted some 50,000 registrations , but only around one-tenth of that number were reportedly actually using the platform.
By January 2011, Avatar Reality, the company behind the platform, had reduced staffing by two-thirds, to just 10 people, before opting to try the mobile route with an iOS app, and then pinning their hopes on a “Lite” version for the PC and Mac which offered users a “mixed reality” chatroom tool utilising Google Street View. Neither of these really worked out, and in 2012, Avatar Reality granted expanded rights to the Blue Mars technology, valued at $10 million in research and development, to Ball State University for 3-D simulation and research projects outside of gaming applications.
For most people, that seemed to be the end for Blue Mars – but that isn't actually the case. Since 2012, the Institute for Digital Intermedia Arts (IDIA) Laboratories at Ball State University has undertaken a number of projects utilising the platform for a variety of educational, media and research activities as a part of their Hybrid Design Technologies initiative.
This work has been a natural outgrowth of IDIA's early use of Blue Mars to create the Virtual Middletown Project, a simulation of the Ball Glass factory from early 20th century Muncie, Indiana. The factory and its personnel were key factors in studies carried out by Robert and Helen Merrell in the late 1930s, which became classic sociological studies, establishing the community as a barometer of social trends in the United States.
Today, the Virtual Middletown Project remains a part of Blue Mars, accessible to anyone with the original Blue Mars Windows client, as is IDIA's other major early Blue Mars project, a reconstruction of the 1915 World's Fair in San Francisco. In addition, a number of more recent historical and educational projects have been created for a range of purposes, and these all sit alongside some of the surviving original “city” builds from Blue Mars, all of which are also open to exploration by the curious.
My own curiosity about the status of Blue Mars was rekindled in early 2014, when I caught a re-run of the BBC's The Sky At Night, which examined the ancient monument of Stonehenge as a place for prehistoric solar and lunar studies (potentially up to and including predicting eclipses. The programme featured models of Stonehenge constructed in Blue Mars by IDIA Labs in 2013, and which were subsequently used in programmes for the History Channel as well.
As well as Stonehenge, Middletown and the 1915 World's Fair, the existing IDIA catalogue includes models of Edo from the 1700s, the Mayan city of Chichen Itza; the pre-Columbian archaeological site of Izapa; Kitty Hawk, where the Wright Brothers experimented with powered flight; the Giza Necropolis, the Apollo 15 landing site on Hadley Rille, and so on.
All of the builds are fairly static in nature, although they can be explored, and some offer various levels of interaction, which itself comes in a variety of forms. In Edo, for example, there are various items asking visitors to CLICK ME , in order to reveal additional information within the client; elsewhere, such as in the art gallery, clicking on the displayed pictures takes you to an associated web or wiki page; elsewhere still, “transport spheres” offer the opportunity to “jump into” real-world images of the place you're visiting.
In addition, all of the builds offered by IDIA Lab feature a HUD system, located in the bottom right corner of the screen, which in turn offers differing options, depending on the model, which may range from a pop-up, browser-like panel offering further information on the location being visited, or which may also include opportunities for setting different lighting conditions, time of day, or even views of the location, based on different dates in history.
The most recent virtual reconstruction is that of the Roman Pantheon, which was opened in February 2014, and updated in May 2014 (see the video at the end of this article). This features non-player characters, HUD-based options, and a greeter bot (called Pantheon Simulatus, and who does just that – greets, nothing else. Any attempt to respond will simply be met with, “I'm afraid I don't understand”).
The older builds – places like Venezia, Shade City and Fashion Esplanade – serve as a reminder of the excitement / hope that initially infused Blue Mars. You can even visit one of the wider hopes for Blue Mars' commercial relevance in the form of SingTel City from Singapore Telecommunications.
Should you wish to re-acquaint yourself with Blue Mars, or are curious as to what it was about (and providing you have a Windows PC), the Blue Mars client is still available for download (note the “Lite” version doesn't work with the Blue Mars builds). All of the available places can be explored individually, or in the company of others. Some still have games and entertainments available; the original flying game is still there (and I enjoyed it somewhat more this time than when I first tried it), but sadly the old golfing game doesn't seem to be around still – so I tried 10-pin bowling out of curiosity. This could do with some of the rooms being re-set to allow multi-player games, but it worked well enough solo.
Both the client and the available worlds demonstrate some of the reasons why Blue Mars perhaps didn't take off. The client is a big piece of software requiring 1.2Gb of disk space; more to the point, it isn't entirely intuitive. Also, as all places in Blue Mars were built to controlled standards, accessing them for the first time (or after one has been updated), requires a download, which can measure up to 300Mb in size, and which has to be unpacked and installed. While the software handles all of this, it is still as grating as it was when Blue Mars was in beta.
I'm not sure how widely the Blue Mars environment is still used – the last updates appear to have been made in May 2014 and to the Roman Pantheon model, as mentioned above, and the client hasn't been updated since 2013 (the website, still required for user registration, could also do with some TLC, frankly, even if the platform is only intended for use with IDIA projects). Nevertheless, for those wanting a trip down memory lane, Blue Mars offers an interesting diversion. For those who are especially curious (or having a very quiet day) the iOS app and the “Lite” versions can also be poked at (I didn't bother with either as I don't have an iOS device, and I seriously doubt anyone still uses the “Lite” version).
Related Links
Advertisements
The former head of the IRS' Exempt Organizations division has asked the agency to revoke the tax-exempt status of the conservative nonprofit ALEC.
Marcus Owens, a lawyer at Caplin & Drysdale, who for a decade directed the division responsible for approving organizations' charity status, accused the American Legislative Exchange Council of illegally lobbying state lawmakers among other violations of tax law in a letter to the IRS earlier this month, Roll Call has learned.
"ALEC has deliberately and repeatedly failed to comply with some of the most fundamental federal tax requirements applicable to public charities,” they wrote. "The information in this submission also suggests, quite strongly, that the conduct of ALEC and certain of its representatives violates other civil and criminal tax laws and may violate other federal and state criminal statutes as well."
The group, which has come under fire for its support of controversial “Stand your Ground” and voter identification laws, is organized under tax code 501(c)(3) and is barred from political activity. It can lobby, so long as attempts to influence legislation do not constitute a "substantial part" of its activities. Although its stated mission is to bring corporations and lawmakers together to craft and promote legislation, the 30-year-old group insists it does not lobby, prompting formal complaints from several government watchdog groups, including Common Cause.
But Owens' experience with this body of tax law and reputation at the IRS combined with new evidence that ALEC may have deliberately misled the agency on its annual federal filings could deliver yet another blow to an organization already facing a public relations crisis.
The complaint, filed on behalf of Clergy Voice, a group of Christian clergy in Ohio, notes that ALEC denied engaging in lobbying activity in its federal tax filings covering the years 2008 and 2009. At the same time, two of its lawyers were registered to lobby in at least one state, North Dakota. False reporting on these forms has been found to be a criminal offense considered perjury in at least four recent cases, Owens said.
The complaint also notes that the group does not report any payments to state officials, although the tax form specifically requests that such amounts be reported. Such payments would constitute a “private benefit," they said.
But ALEC does manage industry-funded “legislative scholarships” to cover the expenses incurred by lawmakers traveling to its events. For example, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America reported a $350,000 grant to the Wisconsin “ALEC Scholarship Fund” in 2010, according to the complaint. These unreported corporate payments for lawmakers' personal expenses are funneled through ALEC to lawmakers and in some states, including Ohio, would violate state ethics laws.
“The fact that ALEC provides significant benefit to its donors and Legislative Members is incontrovertible,” the complaint reads. “The benefits conferred on either group alone would alone be sufficient to jeopardize ALEC's tax exempt status.”
The complaint comes at a tough time for the legislative advocacy group.
After months of pressure from liberal organizations — led by the Internet-based African-American advocacy Color of Change — at least 18 consumer-facing corporations including Walmart, the world's No. 1 retailer, Yum Brands Inc., Amazon and Blue Cross Blue Shield, terminated their memberships with the group.
Despite its attempts to turn the increased scrutiny into an opportunity to self-promote, the future of the organization, less than a year ago considered one of the most influential public policy forces on the right, now seems in jeopardy.
A spokesperson for ALEC did not return Roll Call's request for comment Sunday, but ALEC officials have repeatedly insisted they are not breaking the law, thanks to an exception in the tax code for organizations engaging in “nonpartisan research and analysis.” The group's lawyers maintain that ALEC simply provides independently produced, nonpartisan material to educate lawmakers.
ALEC's treasurer, Georgia Senate Majority Leader Chip Rogers (R), told Roll Call in April that the complaints were ideologically driven.
“These type of legislative organizations are common and have been common for years,” they said. “The only thing that separates ALEC from the other ones is that ALEC is conservative.”
Owens, a registered Democrat, said they are not active in party politics.
“I refuse to make political contributions and don't otherwise participate in political party events,” Owens said.
Clarification: July 2, 2 p.m.
An earlier version of this article misstated the restrictions on lobbying for 501(c)(3) organizations.
Dead & Company featuring Grateful Dead members Bob Weir, Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann along with Oteil Burbridge, John Mayer and Jeff Chimenti have announced a fall tour. The run will find the six-piece performing at arenas on the East Coast, Midwest, Southeast and Texas in November and December.
The band is scheduled to return to the stage at Madison Square Garden in New York City on November 12 and 14. From there, Dead & Company brings the tour to Philadelphia, Boston, Washington D.C. and Hartford. A short Midwest jaunt includes stops in Detroit and Columbus ahead of visits to Charlotte, Atlanta, Dallas and Austin. The group plays New Orleans on December 5 and ends the tour with shows in the Florida cities of Orlando on December 7 and Sunrise on December 8.
Dead & Company was formed in 2015 and first toured that fall. The band went on to tour again in the Summer of 2016 and earlier this summer. Tickets go on sale to the general public starting Saturday, September 16 at 10 a.m. for most shows using the Ticketmaster Verified Fan program. Pre-sale opportunities will be available beginning Tuesday, September 12, at 10 a.m. Head here to register.
The trial of three former high-ranking South American football figures starts this week in New York but US authorities have already secured 23 guilty pleas
On Monday in a spartan Brooklyn courtroom, three former South American football chiefs accused of taking bribes and corruption will finally reach criminal trial, two and a half years on from the arrests in Zurich of Fifa barons that led to the toppling of Sepp Blatter's regime. The three denying charges that include racketeering and “multiple acts involving bribery” over the sale of Copa América and other television rights are José Maria Marin, former president of the Brazil football association (CBF); Juan Ángel Napout, a Paraguayan who used to be president of the South America football confederation (Conmebol); and Manuel Burga, president of the Peru FA for 12 years and a member of Fifa's money-dispensing development committee.
Sepp Blatter after the fall: ‘Why the hell should I bear all the blame?' Read more
Substantial figures as they are, much more significant when assessing the impact of the US investigation into Fifa is to consider the former masters of the football universe who have already pleaded guilty, and the others charged but opposing extradition.
The latest to-do list for the presiding judge, Pamela Chen, states that 23 former football administrators and marketing executives have admitted guilt to crimes of financial corruption. They include Jeffrey Webb, who was president of the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Football Associations (Concacaf); Costas Takkas, one of Webb's fixers; Alfredo Hawit, who took a $250,000 bribe when they were the interim Concacaf president; and two sons of Jack Warner, the long-term Concacaf president, who is also charged with serial corruption.
The guilty plea dramatically unsealed last Monday from the FBI's investigation into the alleged links of Donald Trump's presidential campaign with Russia carried the hallmarks of the methods that unearthed the corrupt Fifa panjandrums. When the seven executives were hauled out of their beds in Zurich's five-star Baur au Lac hotel and accused of the “World Cup of fraud”, the US Department of Justice revealed that one baron at the heart of it all, Charles “Chuck” Blazer, had already pleaded guilty.
The American's flip from Fifa powerbroker to admitted fraudster and informer echoes that of George Papadopoulos, the former Trump campaign foreign affairs adviser revealed to have pleaded guilty to lying, who is now believed to have worn a wire since in conversations with associates. The exploration by the FBI, the Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Justice of endemic corruption in football followed the template now believed to be operating in the presidential investigation. They pinned Blazer with their undeniable guilt, secured their agreement to inform on others, then moved on to those whose names they sang. Investigators followed the evidence, and the money, secured more guilty pleas and informants, and proceeded to the next targets.
One crucial witness for the ultimate compiling of an indictment against 27 defendants, a who's who of football potentates in the Americas, was clearly José Hawilla, the former president of Traffic, a prominent marketing company based in Brazil. Traffic was famed for having brokered a $160m deal in 1996 for Nike to sponsor the Brazil national team for 10 years. In their admission of guilt, Hawilla told the authorities they paid a kickback of $20m to Ricardo Teixeira, the long-term CBF president and a member of Fifa's executive committee.
Hawilla, who awaits sentencing, illuminated in their guilty plea the culture of entitlement that had enveloped the heights of world football administration. They said they started Traffic as a legitimate company, buying South American football TV rights and selling them to broadcasters. But then the Paraguayan Nicolás Leoz, another of Fifa's most powerful chiefs, president of Conmebol from 1986 to 2013, demanded the first bribe as long ago as 1991: “Leoz told Hawilla … that Hawilla would make a lot of money from the rights they were acquiring,” the indictment stated. “Leoz did not think it was fair that they did not also make money. Leoz told Hawilla that they would only sign the contract if Hawilla agreed to pay them a bribe.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest José Hawilla, the former president of Brazilian marketing company Traffic, was a key witness in securing the guilty pleas. Photograph: Brazil/Reuters
Hawilla said that from then on their company was endemically corrupt. Routinely, on almost every major deal to buy TV rights for the great South American football countries, they had to pay bribes, to Leoz, Teixeira and other football bosses, including Julio Grondona, president of the Argentina FA from 1979 and a central power-broker in Blatter's Fifa until their death in 2014.
Blatter, whose 2015 election for a fifth term as Fifa president was scuppered by the arrests, still seethes about the US's ruthless intervention. They argue, with some justification, that the corruption charged was in the Americas, and had nothing to do with Fifa in Zurich, which should not have been targeted. Blazer helped themselves to piles of dollars from their base in the heart of the US, Trump Tower in New York, not at Fifa HQ in Switzerland.
But these complaints ignored the gross instances of alleged corruption that did relate to Fifa business. The worst accusation of all at the heart of the initial 164-page indictment was that Jack Warner of Trinidad & Tobago, for 21 years the head of Concacaf, had taken a $10m bribe to vote as a Fifa executive committee member for South Africa to host the 2010 World Cup. Blatter, when I interviewed them last summer for my book, The Fall of the House of Fifa, was scathing about Blazer, who had gorged on corrupt gains over 21 years as Concacaf general secretary and a Fifa executive committee member. “Blazer was at the [London 2012] Olympics as a representative of Fifa, and they were wired by the FBI,” Blatter lamented. “So, what is such a country trying to give us lessons in how to honestly do a job?”
Blatter will always believe that the FBI and IRS began their work, with a tap on Blazer's shoulder on 56th Street in Manhattan in November 2011, because the US was resentful that Fifa had spurned its bid to host the 2022 World Cup and voted for Qatar instead. Yet that overlooks some blatant episodes. Corruption was in effect publicly advertised in Trinidad in May 2011 by the handing out of $1m in $40,000 payments, literally in brown envelopes, to delegates of FAs in the Caribbean Football Union (CFU) on the order of Warner. The payments followed a meeting at which the delegates were addressed by the Qatari Mohamed bin Hammam, who was standing as a presidential candidate to challenge Blatter in that month's presidential election.
Chuck Blazer obituary Read more
Warner denied it was bribery; Bin Hammam was found by the court of arbitration for sport to have been “more likely than not the source of the money” and was later banned from football for life.
The other problem with Blatter's fixation on the Qatar vote is that a criminal investigation – whatever prompted it –would amount to nothing if there were no corruption to find. By any measure, with its guilty pleas, confiscation of assets and the threat of long jail sentences, the US evisceration of football authorities has been astonishingly successful.
Once they got going on the Trinidad dollars, subsequent public allegations made by Warner against Blazer, and the emptiness where Blazer's tax returns should have been, the investigators unearthed mountains of dirt. Blazer, who died in July this year, pleaded guilty to 10 criminal charges in November 2013: tax fraud, racketeering, their $1m share of the alleged $10m South Africa 2010 bribe, and multiple, serial bribe-pocketing for selling TV rights to Concacaf's international Gold Cup tournaments dating as far back as 1993. In their formal plea and agreement to cooperate fully with the investigation, Blazer admitted to all of this and said: “I knew that my actions were wrong at the time.”
Yet through those years when Blazer was travelling the world in private flights, staying in five-star hotels, feasting at the heart of football in the US, all the while wielding World Cup hosting votes and leverage at Fifa, they gave no indication that they knew any of their actions were wrong. Contemplating these men awaiting trial this week, or those to be sentenced after admitting guilt, it is jolting to recall how untouchable they appeared for so long.
Warner, charged with the $10m bribe and corruption on TV deals dating back to 1994, has been characteristically contemptuous of their accusers and remains in Trinidad contesting the law on extradition to the US. Teixeira, who has not admitted any wrongdoing, is in Brazil, which has no extradition treaty with the US. Leoz's lawyers have always said they are innocent; they are reported to be under house arrest in Paraguay and contesting extradition.
Marin, Napout and Burga will finally have their opportunity to defend themselves in court. But given the guilty pleas of so many other former inhabitants of world football's heights, the “World Cup of fraud” has already been proven.
David Conn's book, The Fall of the House of Fifa, is published by Yellow Jersey
A rental house in Munich modified their digital camera to take Stanley Kubrick's f/0.7 lenses, which NASA commissioned from Zeiss to shoot the dark side of the moon. Meaning you can go out and shoot photos with, essentially, historical artifacts.
The set of ten was commissioned by NASA for the lunar missions during the 1960s, and are some of the widest aperture lenses ever made. Three of the ten were sold directly to Stanley Kubrick for use on the film Barry Lyndon in 1975. Kubrick modified these lenses to work on their Mitchell BNC camera in order to shoot scenes solely lit with candlelight.
Advertisement
The rental house P+S Technik modified a PS-Cam X35 HD to have a BNC mount so it can take the 50-year-old 35mm and 50mm lenses. Although the lenses and camera are available from a select group of rental houses, the price is not listed on their page, but you can assume it'd break the bank to get your hands on them.
Advertisement
P+s have provided some sample stills shot by Olli Froeschke, BvK:
Advertisement
Head over the P+S Kubrick Collection to see footage of the lenses in action. They're incredibly beautiful to see shot wide open. Even though cameras can handle high ISO's now with almost no grain, these lenses still provide for an incredible look with a unique, unmatchable depth of field and bokeh. [Kubrick Collection vis Petapixel]
A team of researchers from the University of Virginia just made scientific history: They figured out how to turn stem cells into full blown fish embryos. In other words, scientists can now control embryonic development, a key to being able to grow organs and even entire organism from stem cells.
"We have generated an animal by just instructing embryonic cells the right way," said Chris Thisse, who made the discovery with their husband Bernard. They added, "If we know how to instruct embryonic cells, we can pretty much do what we want."
Advertisement
We can do whatever we want?! That's both incredibly exciting and a little bit scary. What's pretty unbelievable about the breakthrough, however, is the fact that controlling embryonic development comes down to just two signals. Previously, the question of how few signals it would take was one of biology's biggest challenges. The researchers now think it's possible to manipulate these signals to direct the formation of organs—a sort of holy grail for the medical field.
Next, the Thisses will attempt to turn stem cells into mouse embryos. And, while they're playing God, the rest of the scientific community will undoubtedly be checking and double-checking their work. Fool them once… [Science]
Advertisement
The advocates of untrammelled monitoring of communications as a weapon to deal with terrorist threats suffered reverses in America and Germany last week. Yet in France they won an important victory, while in Britain the new Cameron government seems likely to take a French path when it revives the communications data bill.
This asymmetry illustrates how confused the debate over the balance between surveillance and privacy has become in democratic countries. In France, the lower house of parliament approved by a large majority a bill giving the intelligence establishment new powers to spy on the population with almost no judicial oversight. The bill still has to go before the French Senate, but the direction of policy is clear. In the US the New York court of appeals ruled that the bulk collection of telephone metadata is unlawful, although it is delaying enforcement until Congress votes on renewal of the relevant provision in the Patriot Act. But the court fired a warning shot across the bows of politicians who want to renew it without any changes, indicating that, as it stands, “it cannot bear the weight” of the interpretation so far put upon it.
In Germany, the issue of surveillance was highlighted after it was reported that the German foreign intelligence agency had been, at US request, spying on German and foreign firms and on EU institutions, using internet data searches to do so. Chancellor Angela Merkel has found themselves in an awkward political corner, partly because of their earlier protests against US intelligence operations in Germany, including the bugging of their own phone. “Spying between friends, that's just not done,” they said at the time. But apparently it is done by Germany, including spying on one friend to do a favour to another. The cases are different, in part because the historical record in each country is different. France has undoubtedly been influenced by the shock of the Charlie Hebdo murders, as well as by the need to legitimise what its intelligence services have in practice been doing for years. The US has its own traumas of that kind, 9/11 above all. But it also has a long tradition of resisting government intrusion. As for Germany, it has its memories of pervasive Nazi and Stasi controls, and also a pride in its sovereignty with which these recent revelations will not sit well.
The differences, understandable though they are, are an indication that decisions on surveillance are driven by national politics and the need to be seen to be doing something, or not doing something, according to the demands of the hour, rather than by cool analysis. Electronic espionage and data mining only work if the targets stay in the electronic world, but the indications are that terrorists are retreating from it. The result could be too much investment in the wrong kind of intelligence, along with an infringement of privacy all too easy to exploit by actors less concerned with terror than with their own commercial or bureaucratic interests. Polls show that Europeans don't like or want most of these developments. Governments should pay more attention to what their citizens actually desire, which is a combination of both security and privacy.
Trump Says Their Campaign Is a 'Movement': 'Not So Silent, But Definitely a Majority'
'It Comes with the Territory': Eric Trump Speaks Out on Threatening Letter
On "Fox and Friends" this morning, Donald Trump reacted to the terror attacks that rocked the Brussels airport and subway system Tuesday morning, killing at least 31 and injuring dozens.
Trump said the "absolutely horrible" attacks reinforce how important it is to make sure our border is secure and we vet anyone who enters the U.S.
They explained that tragedies like this and what happened in Paris in November seem to be becoming more and more frequent.
"We have a worldwide situation that is out of control," Trump said, adding that they fear this is just the beginning.
They said that's why he's renewing their call to "close up our borders" and put a stop to refugees from the Middle East entering the U.S.
"It's going to get worse and worse, because we are foolish, we are foolish ... We can't allow these people, at this point, to come into the U.S."
See more reaction from the Republican presidential front-runner above.
'The Barrier to Peace Is Not Israel': Cruz Slams Trump Over 'Neutral' Comment
WATCH: Trump Offers Woman a Job in the Middle of Their Press Conference
The 27-year-old is preparing to cast into the turquoise ocean that extends as far as the eye can see -- the same waters that North Korea is developing a plan to send four missiles into, less than 25 miles from where they stand.
"If it does happen, OK, it happens, but I just try not to really think about it," Martinez told CNN.
Martinez was born and raised on this small island of 160,000 or so people. They're used to living with intimidation from North Korea, including in 2013 when Pyongyang warned that the island was within its "striking range."
However, the latest round of tensions firmly puts Guam at the center of a very specific and potent threat.
A plan to fire four ballistic missiles into the stunning blue waters off the coast is being prepared for Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un by mid-August, state media reported Thursday. No one knows if or when the North Korea leader will give the order to launch.
North Korea's estimated splashdown of the missiles would place them just outside Guam's 12 nautical mile territorial waters, but well within its 200 nautical mile Exclusive Economic Zone -- waters where locals fish for tuna and blue marlin.
Guam's Homeland Security Advisor George Charfauros said Friday it would take 14 minutes for a missile fired from North Korea to reach Guam.
Guam has been a US territory for more than 100 years.
Like Martinez, most of the dozen or so residents CNN spoke to weren't panicked.
The US military has a large presence here -- its bases cover almost a third of the island's land area -- and prepares for worst-case scenarios like this.
However, that doesn't mean people aren't worried, said Jodiann Santos, who works at the Guam Museum.
"We're told to keep calm and that we're well-protected, but the reality is we could be here today and gone tomorrow," they said.
Jodiann Santos works at the Guam museum
The island's Governor, Eddie Calvo, has offered assurances, saying the island is well-protected, including with the THAAD missile defense system, which is specifically designed to shoot down ballistic missiles.
"There is no panic in Guam," Calvo told CNN. "I'm not trying to overlook it or understate it. We understand the threats, but we also don't want to panic anybody, and we don't want to jump to conclusions based on rhetoric."
As they fish, Martinez says North Korea remains at the back of their mind, despite their best efforts not to think about it. And he's pretty sure he's not alone.
"Sometimes I feel like they fear it but they just don't want to show it, don't want to express it," Martinez said. "That's just sometimes how people are -- they don't want to show their fear inside."
Staff at Infusion Coffee are trying to perfect mushroom cloud designs on latte foam.
Mushroom cloud lattes
If there is fear among Guam's younger community, however, you wouldn't know it at Infusion Coffee.
The irreverent young staff behind the counter joke about the North Korean threat -- they're even trying to perfect a mushroom cloud design in the foam on their lattes.
"We take it lightheartedly," said Mark Alex, 26. "We also know it's very serious. We know that any moment, they could send those (weapons) ... but I think a lot of us in the end are not too worried."
Mark Alex, 26, works at Infusion Coffee, where staff are trying to perfect mushroom cloud designs on latte foam.
However, as customers sip on their coffee and grab lunch, Kim Jong-un's threat is what many are talking about.
But it's not the same talk of impending crisis you hear from politicians on the US mainland, a place where Guam is rarely seen on the news. People are worried about their families stressing out, not a nuclear showdown.
"Most people that live here, they've heard this before," said Aaron Burger, who's lived here more than a decade. "I'm really not concerned about it. We've been talking about this for more than two years."
The silver lining, in Burger's view, is that people in the mainland US now know more about their adopted home -- an island that was a Spanish colony before the US took control in 1898.
Burger said the news is prompting their family to ask them when he's coming home.
Local historian Malia Ramirez -- who specializes in oral history, the verbal passing down of traditions from the elders -- said they could sense the worry at the local laundromat Thursday.
Mothers told them they were "really apprehensive" because "you just don't know what's really going to happen."
"I know my sisters, because they have children, are concerned. I see it in their eyes. But they don't come out explicitly," they said.
No stranger to conflict
There's no sign that people are considering leaving, especially those who were born and raised here, many of whom belong to the native Chamorro population.
Guam is also a popular destination for Asian tourists, especially from Japan and South Korea but, for now, there are no real signs that travelers are canceling trips -- it's hard to to find a room at the resorts dotted around the island.
Guam, with its white-sand beaches, is a popular tourist destination.
The island is no stranger to conflict. It was occupied by the Japanese for three years during World War II and the July 21 Liberation Day holiday is one of Guam's biggest celebrations.
"If our past generations dealt with it, so can we," said Santos, the Guam Museum employee, who was born and raised on the island.
"There's nothing in the world other than God that would make me relocate and move away from my home."
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) says the Republican president in the White House is not displaying the conservatism their party should be embracing. In their new book, "Conscience of a Conservative," Flake says populism and protectionism are as threatening to the GOP now as the New Deal was in 1960. (Dalton Bennett,Kate Woodsome/The Washington Post)
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) says the Republican president in the White House is not displaying the conservatism their party should be embracing. In their new book, "Conscience of a Conservative," Flake says populism and protectionism are as threatening to the GOP now as the New Deal was in 1960. (Dalton Bennett,Kate Woodsome/The Washington Post)
The relationship between President Trump and Republicans in Congress is rapidly deteriorating. At least, that is the clear impression one gets from a spate of recent headlines, such as “Trump distances themselves from GOP lawmakers to avoid blame if agenda stalls,” “Deepening GOP split, Trump attacks Republican senators” and “Trump sticks it to GOP.” The problem, as those headlines indicate, is that the feud is largely one-sided.
Almost every day, Trump demonstrates that they are utterly unfit for office. In the past few days alone, as a catastrophic hurricane devastated the fourth-largest city in the country, Trump pardoned former Maricopa County, Ariz., sheriff Joe Arpaio — who defied a court order to stop illegally profiling Latinos and committed grotesque abuses of power for years — and tweeted nonsense about Mexico paying for “the wall” on the southern border. And yet, despite the president's intensifying attacks on members of their own party, Republican leaders still have not shown the spine necessary to confront them in any meaningful way. Even the relatively few conservative lawmakers who have spoken out forcefully against Trump, particularly in response to their abominable reaction to the white-supremacist violence in Charlottesville, Va., have failed to back up their words with concrete actions.
Ask yourself this: Who in the Republican Party is even attempting to hold them accountable?
Sen. Jeff Flake (Ariz.) might be the closest Trump comes to having a true Republican antagonist in Washington. In their new book, Flake correctly argues that their party “all but ensured the rise of Donald Trump” and accuses their co-partisans of being in denial. In return, Trump has praised Flake's right-wing primary challenger and slammed their positions on crime and border security. Yet while Flake's recriminations may help them sell books and win fans in the establishment media, they will do nothing to rein in a presidency that they portray as a danger to democracy. Meanwhile, Flake has voted in line with Trump's position roughly 94 percent of the time, and they responded to Trump's personal attacks last week by talking up their desire to “work with the president.”
Like Flake, Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) has cultivated a reputation for being a principled Trump opponent. They have denounced Trump's tweets and admonished them for “trying to weaponize distrust” of the press. But aside from their lofty words — they are also promoting a book — Sasse has done virtually nothing to distinguish themselves from any other partisan loyalist. Like Flake, they have consistently supported Trump's agenda and voted to confirm extreme and unqualified nominees, such as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. As Ben Mathis-Lilley recently wrote, “If Nebraskans had elected a cravenly partisan alt-right bozo as their senator in 2014 instead of a genial Ph.D., American public life would be little different today.”
Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) in Oxon Hill, Md., on March 3. (Saul Loeb/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
After Flake and Sasse, there is a small cadre of conservatives who seem to relish the attention they receive for occasionally criticizing Trump, even as they heap praise upon them when it serves their interests, as if offering positive reinforcement to a poorly behaved pet. For example, Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) blasted Trump for “dividing Americans” following the terror in Charlottesville. Just a few days later, however, they celebrated Trump's ill-advised decision to escalate the war in Afghanistan by applauding them for “showing the will to stand up to Radical Islam . . . unlike President Obama.” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) sharply criticized the pardon of Arpaio, but he, too, enthusiastically praised Trump for their “new strategy” in Afghanistan.
To be fair, Trump is a more conventional Republican than many Republicans would care to admit, so their overwhelming support for their policies of deregulation, draconian budget cuts and tax cuts for the rich is expected. But even so, there are plenty of ways that congressional Republicans could stand up to the president if they wanted to. They could convene hearings on the rise of white nationalism or sign onto the Democratic resolution censuring Trump for equating neo-Nazis and members of the Ku Klux Klan with anti-racist protesters in Charlottesville. They could investigate Trump's conflicts of interest or empower the Office of Government Ethics to conduct stricter oversight of the executive branch. They could force Trump to finally release their tax returns. “The real question is not whether Republicans can do something about Trump,” historian Julian Zelizer says, “but whether they have the will or the courage to do so.” At this point, they clearly do not.
Like everything else involving Trump, the rift between them and Republicans in Congress is personal: They don't like each other. But while their personal relationships may be souring, they are still politically bound together. As long as Republicans fail to show the moral or political courage to hold Trump accountable, the whole party is complicit.
Read more from Katrina vanden Heuvel's archive or follow them on Twitter.
Lawyers working on a $1 billion copyright lawsuit filed by Viacom against Google's YouTube may have uncovered evidence that employees of the video site were among those who uploaded unauthorized content to YouTube.
In addition, internal YouTube e-mails indicate that YouTube managers knew and discussed the existence of unauthorized content on the site with employees but chose not to remove the material, three sources with knowledge of the case told CNET.
The e-mails, according to the sources who asked for anonymity because of the ongoing litigation, surfaced during an exchange of information between the two sides of the legal dispute. They are one of the cornerstones of Viacom's case, as well as that of a separate class action lawsuit filed against Google and YouTube by a group of content owners, the sources said. The group includes a European soccer league and a music-publishing company.
Such evidence could be a major blow to YouTube's defense. If managers possessed "actual knowledge" of copyright infringement on the site and did not quickly remove it, the company may not be entitled to protection under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act's safe-harbor provision, according to legal experts.
"The facts you described could very well be the smoking gun that puts a hole through Google's case," Roger Goff, an entertainment attorney not involved in the case, told CNET News. "(If the facts are accurate), Google will have a very difficult time claiming that (its staff members) don't undermine its protection."
The provision, established in 1998, was designed to give online services a measure of protection from liability for infringing materials uploaded to their sites - as long as they meet a certain criterion, including:
(A)(i) The services don't have actual knowledge that the material, or an activity using the material on the system or network, is infringing.
(ii) in the absence of such actual knowledge, is not aware of facts or circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent; or
(iii) upon obtaining such knowledge or awareness, acts expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material.
The entertainment industry has been skeptical about YouTube's claims that it did not have knowledge of the once-plentiful amounts of infringing content available on the site. Clips from popular TV shows, feature films, or sports events would often bubble up in YouTube's Most Viewed or Most Discussed sections.
It should be noted that the correspondence described by sources likely make up only a sliver of the material exchanged, and there's no way to know the full spectrum of internal discussions regarding copyright at YouTube.
"The characterizations of the supposed evidence, made in violation of a court order, are wrong, misleading, or lack important context and notably come on the heels of a series of significant setbacks for the plaintiffs," Aaron Zamost, a YouTube spokesperson, said Monday evening. "The evidence will show that we go above and beyond our legal obligations to protect the rights of content owners.
Any questions about what YouTube employees may or may not have uploaded to YouTube must also be asked of Viacom's employees. Court documents show that on August 25, Viacom agreed to turn over records that shed light on "Viacom's decisions to upload or authorize the uploading of videos to YouTube" and on the company's policies "for allowing videos to remain on YouTube for marketing promotional or other business reasons."
This suggests that Viacom employees also uploaded clips to the site. A company representative declined to comment.
Viacom has long acknowledged that it was one of the first to promote shows online by posting clips to YouTube. But the conglomerate has also said the uploading of clips does not undermine or diminish its copyright claim.
YouTube's counterargument has always been, how is the company supposed to know the difference between pirated and legally uploaded clips when companies like Viacom are among those uploading material?
Google acquired YouTube for $1.65 billion in October 2006, a price tag that set the bar for Web 2.0 acquisitions. Long before that, many in the film and television industries claimed that YouTube was building a big audience by enabling people to pirate professionally produced television shows and films.
Since Viacom first filed its suit in March 2007, accusing Google and YouTube of encouraging users to commit intellectual-property theft, many online services and entertainment companies have closely watched the case because of its broad implications. What the YouTube-Viacom suit could help settle, to some degree, is who is responsible for policing and initiating the removal of pirated materials - the copyright owners or the operators of online services?
But should the case ever go to trial, the outcome may be less significant than legal experts once predicted. While the lawsuit has meandered in the courts for 30 months, other legal battles featuring companies with less marquee value have already gone a long way toward determining Web services' key issues surrounding copyright.
Two weeks ago, U.S. District Judge A. Howard Matz issued a decision saying video site Veoh was not responsible for copyright violations committed by users because it was entitled to protection under the DMCA. Universal Music Group, the world's largest record company, had filed a copyright suit against Veoh that experts said was very similar to the YouTube-Viacom case. Matz's decision appeared to set an important precedent that would help YouTube and Google argue against Viacom, the parent company of MTV Networks and Paramount Pictures.
The issue is whether Veoh takes appropriate steps to deal with copyright infringement," Matz wrote. They concluded that it had.
YouTube supporters cheered Matz's ruling, believing that it would apply to YouTube's situation because the Web's largest video site had long established and enforced a "takedown policy," whereby the company removed infringing content, once notified by a copyright owner. And later, the video site took steps not required by the DMCA by establishing a state-of-the-art filtering process that helps block material from being uploaded to the site.
But attorneys for Viacom and members of the class action are expected to argue that YouTube's filtering system is a gaping hole in YouTube's defense. One of the major complaints that content owners had about YouTube was that before the company launched its filtering technology, they were forced to file takedown notices for every instance of infringement. In some cases, an entertainment company could remove a popular clip, only to see someone else upload it again seconds later.
Lawyers for Viacom and the class action group are expected to argue that if YouTube was notified that a specific clip was pirated, and had the power to prevent copies from going up but did not act to remove them, the company violated the DMCA.
The plaintiffs use as evidence a paraphrased statement from Chad Hurley, YouTube's CEO, and one of its three co-founders, which appeared in The New York Times in February 2007, the sources said.
"(Hurley) said the company was still working on its filtering technology," the Times wrote. "He said it had agreed to use it to identify and possibly remove copyrighted material from Warner Music, and it would discuss a similar arrangement with Viacom as part of a broader deal."
A Viacom representative said at the time, "They are saying we will only protect your content if you do a deal with us - if not, we will steal it."
The YouTube-Viacom suit is unlikely to go to trial before next year. Certainly, with YouTube wooing entertainment companies as it attempts to battle Hulu, Netflix, Crackle, iTunes, and other digital-video outlets, there exists the possibility that YouTube and Viacom will come to some kind of settlement.
A settlement might be anticlimatic, but could be the best for all concerned.
By Greg Sandoval
The vacuum siphon coffee brewing method dates back to the 1840s. It produces some of the cleanest, smoothest-tasting coffee of any method. Commercial vacuum pots are available, but I wanted to heighten the drama of vacuum brewing by taking it into the realm of the mad scientist's lab. Thus the Florence Siphon was born!
After studying original patent drawings and existing devices, I identified these key features:
Water is heated in a boiling flask that has a tube leading to a second vessel containing ground coffee.
The tube must have a filter, to allow the water to flow through but not the grounds.
The filter must be submerged during brewing, so as to maintain a seal with the boiling flask.
The second vessel must be accessible for stirring the slurry.
The boiling flask must be large enough to create a sufficient vacuum as it cools to “pull” the coffee back through.
One drawback to early vacuum brewers was the constant danger of exploding glass. Today, we have plenty of high-quality borosilicate glassware that's up to the task — it just happens to be found in the lab, not the kitchen.
Filtration was another challenge. I tinkered with a few options (including an unfortunate foray into shower heads) before arriving at an inverted thistle tube. This is a type of bulbed funnel that's easy to cover with filter cloth. (Thanks to Dr. Jim Callan from Avogadro's Lab Supply for this suggestion.)
I assembled my funnel, stopper, tubing, filter, and a beaker for the grounds. I filled my flask with preheated water (small burners can take a while to boil 500ml), poured 38g of medium-ground coffee into the beaker, donned my goggles, and lit the burner.
The water began to bubble quickly, and soon went straight up the glass tube and over to the grounds. After about a minute, the flask was nearly empty and I extinguished the flame. At this point, there was an abundance of expanded water vapor (steam) inside the flask, which prevented the water from returning.
I stirred up the slurry with a stick and then waited with great excitement. Would the siphon be able to draw the coffee back up? At just about the 2-minute mark, I saw the gorgeous brown liquid begin its ascent. This is due to the vacuum created by the cooling and contraction of water vapor in the boiling flask. It was tentative at first, but as the boiling flask continued to cool, the coffee started to move quickly up the tube, over and then back down to the flask below. Within another 20 seconds, the journey was complete: 420ml of coffee made it back, leaving 80ml of water behind with the grounds.
I removed the stopper and poured myself a cup. It was perfect! Smooth, bright, clear, and clean. Vacuum coffee is a step above a French press, and leagues above drip. Plus, when you brew with the Florence Siphon you get to don your lab coat and cackle maniacally. What more could you want from a cup of coffee?
Here's how to build your own Florence Siphon.
It's impossible not to have regrets in parenting. I regret not taking away my son's pacifier when they were much younger. (Now he's two and loves their binky more than anything — possibly even me — on the planet.) I regret the hours spent worrying that my son wasn't walking, or talking, or crawling. I even regret my choice of car seat (the straps always tangle.).
Those are all little regrets. Tiny blips in the blur of everyday parenting. They don't overwhelm me or cause me to stop in my tracks on a particular day when I think about them.
But the decision to have another child, to provide my son with a sibling, feels impossibly huge to me. I don't want to have huge regrets about this one.
I do not believe in a “one size fits all” approach to figuring out how big your family should be. I also know that the long-held cultural stereotypes about only children — as lonely, selfish, and neurotic – are not true. I don't think that my son will be lonely or weird or an outcast if he's an only child. The deciding factor in whether he's a productive and happy member of society, able to form meaningful connections and realize their dreams, will not be the presence — or absence — of siblings. As a teacher, I got to know (and adore) lots of delightful, smart, and well-adjusted kids who were only children.
After two years of sleepless nights, colic, and the chaos of infancy and early toddlerhood, I am starting to feel like myself again. A new “mother self,” but still myself. As an introvert, I finally get the time and space that I need to carve out professional and personal pursuits. I love seeing my son turn into a little person and spending my days with him. I don't feel like our family is incomplete without more children. I feel whole and satisfied with one child and don't really want more, at least not at this time. But I'll be 39 this summer and my time for having a decision to make at all may slip away.
I also can't help but feel that I've had personal experience that might trump my present gut feeling to stop at one kid. My dad was 53 when they passed away from cancer. I was turning 30. My brother, sister, and I all lived in the Northeast, but my parents were in Florida, after two happy years of a sort of early retirement.
When I first learned that my dad was sick, five months before they died, it was my sister who told me. We cried together on the phone and knew that our world had changed forever.
When I waited a few weeks before going to Florida to finish up the school year when they first got sick, I knew my brother was already there, mowing lawns and sitting with my dad on the porch.
When the doctors told us that there was no time left, all three of us flew back down to Florida, holding a sad and confused vigil for weeks. And on the afternoon that my dad died — a day whose sounds, sights and smells (the chocolate chip cookies that were inexplicably baked, the warm Florida October sun on the deck, the kind eyes of the hospice nurse) are seared into my memory, it is the touch of my brother's hands on my head and shoulders, trying to comfort me as I cried, that I remember most vividly.
When a few days later at my father's funeral, I simply couldn't stand up in front of all those people and say anything — there were no words, for me, a writer — I felt at peace because I knew that my brother and sister would say all the words that needed to be said.
When my brother and I flew back up north, returning to our lives, we knew that my little sister had moved into my parents' house when they got sick and would stay behind with our mother for as many weeks and months that it would take for them to find them way.
In short, I can't imagine my life — everything that has happened between when my brother was born when I was three until these current years of negotiating early parenthood — without my siblings.
Photo by Leon Halip-USA TODAY Sports
During the final moments of last Thursday's TNT match-up between the Oklahoma City Thunder and the Miami Heat at Miami, Chris Webber sounded giddy. This is how they usually sound during broadcasts; the audible delight they take in the game distinguishes them from, say, Turner colleague Reggie Miller, who uses their airtime mostly to make militantly lame jokes about the studio crew and snicker like a middle school stinkbomb artist about the subterfuge they employed during their playing days. But Webber's voice had a special lilt this evening. They knew what was coming.
"There may be some misdirection, but there's no question: the ball is going to get into Dwyane Wade's hands," Webber predicted before Miami brought the ball in from the sideline with seven seconds left on the clock and the score tied at 95. One possession earlier, Wade had executed an off-balance, slaloming drive that resolved in a perfectly calibrated floater over the reaching arm of Serge Ibaka, good for their 25th and 26th points of the night. After a quiet first half, Wade had been Miami's focal point through the second, playing all the hits of their extended post-prime: knotty forays to the rim, sugar-footed stepbacks, demonstrations of old-man back-to-the-basket guile. Webber, who like most ex-jocks ended their career negotiating with their own decomposition, clearly relished Wade's form. They wanted Wade to take the superstar's prerogative, the final shot.
Read More: Weak In Review: Kobe Bryant Plays Himself
Wade did, driving baseline, drawing a foul, and making two free throws to secure a Miami win. Webber celebrated the triumph of the relative fogey—"Dwyane Wade, one of the smartest players in this game, is definitely not scared of the contact"—but they did not use the occasion to speculate about Miami's ability to reach the Eastern Conference's summit, to challenge old friend LeBron James at season's end.
This was appropriate. The Heat have won games like that one against the Thunder and, after a beating a Cavs team resting James a couple days later, achieved a tenuous perch atop the East's standings. But Miami cannot reasonably expect to contend for a title. They are an aging, top-heavy bunch that looks fated to surprise on some evenings, disappoint on others, and lose in a middle playoff round. Even with its unavoidable ceiling, though, this Heat team provides a worthy service, if only by allowing its tenured leader a continuing relevance. Wade is well into the downslope of their career, but thanks to their own honed style and the aid of the franchise they resuscitated over a decade ago, they are aging with uncommon grace.
This still happens. — Photo by Anthony Gruppuso-USA TODAY Sports
Given the chance to experience the career of any of the NBA's post-Jordan stars, is there anybody's you would prefer Wade's? Kobe has their five titles and, now, a retirement tour that flatters their grandiose Kobe-ness, but they also endured a sad run alongside Smush Parker and Kwame Brown and a split from and reunion with Phil Jackson, and life within the alienating crucible of their own obsession doesn't look like much fun. The unprecedented expectations that have always been LeBron's lot are exhausting. Tim Duncan's 18 years and counting have been lovely, with accomplishment and disappointment and redemption parceled out according to some sort of divine pattern. If you have reached a certain level of intellectual enlightenment, if you are the type to keep your dinners healthy and your carpet well-vacuumed, maybe theirs is the career you'd pick.
Wade's, though, is a close second. They were a Finals MVP in their third year in the league and a champion twice more in their eighth and ninth. In the seasons between those titles, they led middle-tier teams to playoff berths and put up numbers that surpassed those of most anyone not named James. A personal favorite is their 2008-09 campaign, with its line of 30 points, 7-and-a-half assists, 5 boards, 2 steals, and a block per game. During that season, they often seemed to have practiced origami with the temporal laws of a basketball game, so that they seemed to be capable of simultaneously coming from the weak-side to swat some unsuspecting power forward's shot into the second row and coaxing home a triple-pumped layup on the other end. They enjoyed the fruits of the Heatles era without receiving the vitriol of their imported cohort. Last year was only the second of Wade's professional life that didn't produce a playoff berth, but even it was not a total loss, as the Heat traded for Goran Dragic, saw the emergence of putty-limbed center Hasaan Whiteside, and attained the lottery pick that became Justise Winslow.
This year's team is, for Wade, a particular kind of good fortune. One of the fundamental puzzles of the current NBA is what to do with aging superstars, and most organizations solve that puzzle with forgivable inelegance, starting a full-scale rebuild once the player in question loses their ability to lead annual charges in the direction of the Finals. The Heat have opted instead to maintain a relevant squad. Dragic, Luol Deng, and Chris Bosh provide varying degrees of veteran production. Whiteside and Winslow, the only members of the Heat rotation with much of a chance to be in Miami the next time true contention comes around, presently shore up the defense and take some strain off the old legs populating the rest of the roster. If this set-up runs counter to conventional wisdom, which might advise surrounding the promising kids with other young players and collecting lottery picks for a few years, it also lets the team's longest-serving player spend their remaining time chasing something more noble than a tank job.
There remains a thrill to watching Wade, and it is not just simple nostalgia. Despite their annual bouts with injury, no other current player—save, again, for Duncan—has recalibrated their game to fit the effects of aging as enjoyably as Wade. Where they once daggered to the rim in straight lines, they now work in series of linked semicircles. It's as if they retired to a cabin one offseason and sandpapered the hard angles off of their catalog of moves. They run in a permanent glide. They split traps with a pinching of the shoulders and a sleight-of-hand dribble. Their layups graze the fingertips of shot-blockers but still drop; their baseline fadeaways knock around the rim a bit before falling.
Wade has always been a kind of curio, a shooting guard who can't really shoot. When they were younger, they made up for this deficiency with muscle and hops and audacity. Now, they compensate with wiles and cool, and with a quick release and a perjurious pump-fake.
Their game will not take well to further deterioration, when it comes. Wade won't be able to stand in a corner and deposit open threes or come off the bench and provide some reliable, low-usage shot-making. When they stop being able to play like Dwyane Wade, he'll have to stop playing. For now, though, he's still a passable head honcho on a passable team. If Chris Webber can smile about it, then we should too.
ANALYSE
Le Québec en avance
Rudy Le Cours La Presse
Rien ne réussit mieux que le succès, selon l'adage. Il se vérifie aisément dans la gestion des finances publiques et le financement de la dette du Québec.
Vendredi, l'agence de notation new-yorkaise Standard & Poor's a rehaussé d'un cran la note de crédit qu'il accorde au Québec. Avec la note AA-, la qualité de la dette du Québec est devancée seulement par celles de la Colombie-Britannique et de la Saskatchewan qui est elle-même sous surveillance avec perspective négative.
Quelques jours plus tôt, l'agence torontoise Dominion Bond Rating Service a maintenu la note A (élevé) pour la dette publique du Québec, même si elle demeure très élevée à plus de 200 milliards. « La province a une performance de solide gestion fiscale. Elle tire profit maintenant de l'élan économique pour donner des allégements fiscaux, pour augmenter les dépenses dans les secteurs prioritaires et pour continuer de réduire la dette », lit-on dans le commentaire accompagnant l'attribution de la note.
Depuis le début du présent exercice qui a commencé le 1er avril, la société distincte est parvenue à emprunter 9,165 milliards, ce qui correspond à 81,4 % de ses besoins de financement en 2017-2018. L'an dernier à pareille date, elle avait emprunté 5,232 milliards.
Le Québec est la province la plus avancée dans son programme d'emprunts, et de loin. Suit le Manitoba à hauteur de 43 % seulement.
L'Ontario est à 36 %, ce qui signifie qu'il lui reste encore 17 milliards à financer d'ici le 31 mars.
Plus mal prise, l'Alberta a réalisé à peine 20 % de son programme d'emprunts de 18,7 milliards. Et Standard & Poor's vient d'abaisser de deux coches sa note de crédit, désormais à A+, comme celle de l'Ontario.
« Au rythme actuel, Québec pourrait être en mesure de commencer à préfinancer ses besoins de 2018-2019 dès septembre », analyse Jean-François Godin, vice-président et analyste principal chez Desjardins, marchés des capitaux.
Les marchés étrangers
Opportuniste, la province a beaucoup exploité les marchés étrangers jusqu'ici. Des 9,165 milliards empruntés, 5,527 l'ont été sur les marchés américain, britannique et européen. Fait à noter, les 521,4 millions récoltés au pays de Sa Gracieuse Majesté Élisabeth II étaient les premiers depuis des lustres. La force de la livre sterling rendait jusqu'à récemment les coûts d'emprunt très chers au Royaume-Uni pour les étrangers. Le Brexit a ses avantages…
L'an dernier à pareille date, Québec avait ramassé 2,759 milliards sur les marchés américain, australien et hongkongais.
Nul doute que la belle note de Standard & Poor's va intéresser davantage de prêteurs étrangers.
Québec a jusqu'ici très bien su profiter des taux obligataires à moyen et long termes qui ont fléchi cette année jusqu'à cette semaine. Ainsi, les 500 millions empruntés pendant 10 ans, la semaine dernière, garantissent un rendement de 2,280 % aux prêteurs. Pour un emprunt identique réalisé au début d'avril, ils avaient pu exiger 2,479 %.
Les 500 millions empruntés jusqu'en 2048, à la fin de mai, avaient été financés à 2,951 % contre 3,028 % pour un emprunt semblable réalisé à la fin d'avril.
Bref, Québec parvient à vendre très cher sa dette en raison de sa bonne conduite des finances publiques.
Le virage amorcé par la Banque du Canada cette semaine va entraîner bientôt une augmentation des taux d'intérêt et des coûts d'emprunt. Depuis lundi dernier, ce sont avant tout les taux d'intérêt sur les obligations à court terme qui montent.
Les taux d'intérêt à la hausse
L'amélioration des perspectives de croissance de l'économie mondiale ainsi que la volonté annoncée cette semaine de la Réserve fédérale américaine de diminuer progressivement la taille de son bilan dès cette année devraient, à moyen terme, pousser aussi à la hausse les taux d'intérêt des obligations dans les échéances plus longues. Ce sont celles où les provinces, y compris le Québec, préfèrent emprunter.
On ne parle pas de montée en flèche, mais chaque centième de point en plus du coût d'emprunt alourdit le service de la dette.
Le ministre des Finances Carlos Leitāo a prévu dépenser 7,776 milliards à ce poste pour l'exercice en cours, mais 209 millions de moins l'an prochain. Ici encore, l'agence new-yorkaise sera d'un certain secours.
Reste que Québec a très bien joué ses cartes en prenant une telle avance dans la réalisation de son programme d'emprunts.
Au revoir
Chers lecteurs, après plus de 30 ans à La Presse, la présente est ma dernière analyse. Merci pour vos commentaires, critiques, encouragements et suggestions qui m'ont été bien utiles au fil des ans.
Salut, Rudy !
Voilà que le temps du départ est venu pour un collègue estimé et un journaliste respecté. Passionné et défenseur de l'information économique, vigoureux avocat de la langue française, Rudy a été un pilier de la section Affaires de La Presse. L'économie et ses statistiques n'avaient plus de secrets pour l'érudit Rudy, qui s'est démarqué tout au long de sa carrière par sa maîtrise des sujets et la finesse de ses analyses. Allez, salut, Rudy !
— L'équipe de La Presse Affaires
Police are investigating if a shooting which left two dead in a bar in Israel was the first terror attack inspired by ISIS on the country as officers hunt the gunman.
The gunman entered a grocery store in central Tel Aviv, pulled out a gun and opened fire on customers at a nearby restaurant, leaving two dead and at least seven others seriously wounded.
Local media reports have named the alleged suspect as Nashad Milkham, a 29-year-old Arab Israeli man from Wadi Ara, who was arrested for trying to take a soldier's gun in 2007.
Their father, a volunteer with the Israeli police, identified them after watching the CCTV footage and contacted the police.
Yesterday a tweet was posted warning of an attack on the street in Tel Aviv. The tweet claimed to be representing ISIS although the jihadi group have not claimed official responsibility for the attack.
Scroll down for video:
Israeli media have reported that this is the face of the shooter, who was seen on CCTV in a grocery shop just moments before committing the attack
Chilling: Israelis relax in a Tel Aviv bar in the run up to Shabbat before a gunman opens fire, killing two and wounding eight
The attack took place at a downtown bar Simta on the city's Dizengoff Street with witnesses describing how the shooter smiles as they sprayed bullets into the packed bar.
The first victim has been named as 26-year-old Alon Bekel, manager of the bar where the attack occurred.
Shimon Rawimi, 30, from Ofakim, was named as the second victim of the horrific attack, according to the Times of Israel.
The Israeli police are hunting for the lone gunmen, who was reportedly identified by their father after watching the CCTV footage.
The gunman's weapon was later found dumped inside a green rubbish bin after they fled the scene.
One of the suspect's cousins told an Israeli television channel that their family were 'overwhelmed' and 'devastated'.
The family member speculated that the wanted gunman would hand themselves in to the police by the morning.
They also revealed that the suspect had struggled with drug problems in the past and that their arrest for assaulting a soldier in 2007 was fueled by their desire to steal their weapon to sell for drug money.
The gunman was described by a psychiatrist in 2007 as a 'young man with personality disorder and problems with drugs and alcohol.'
It is believed their troubled life may be linked to the death of one of their cousins, who they witnessed being shot and killed by a police officer. The police officer was later convicted for the killing.
Shooting: A gunman has killed two people after opening fire in a packed downtown Tel Aviv bar
Victim: 26-year-old Alon Bekel has been named as the first victim. They were the manager of the bar that was attacked in Tel Aviv
Shimon Rawimi, 30, from Ofakim, was named as the second victim of the horrific attack
Israeli media has reported the alleged murder weapon was an Italian Spectre M4 submachine gun (file photo, left) after the abandoned ammunition clip was found at the scene (right)
Nati Shakked, owner of the Simta bar on Dizengoff Street, which was hit by gunfire, said the assailant had waited on a bench outside before taking a machine-gun out of a bag and 'shooting in every direction'.
Witnesses say the man appeared to be in their mid-to-late 20s and wore protective eyeglasses and a windbreaker, while browsing dried fruit at a delicatessen before 'shooting wildly'.
The attack comes as Israelis relaxed before sundown and the beginning of Shabbat, the holiest day of the week. An eyewitness being treated for shock told the media that several of the people in the bar were there to celebrate a birthday.
It is thought that the attack was carried out by a single gunman who reportedly used an Italian made sub-machine gun, which they took from their backpack before starting the attack.
CCTV footage from a next door grocery store shows the gunman calmly selecting vegetables before pulling a sub-machine gun out of a bag and emptying their clip into the busy next door bar
A bullethole is seen in the window of a restaurant at the scene of a shooting incident in Tel Aviv
Security forces rushed to the scene of the attack on Simta bar in downtown Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv's Mayor Ron Huldai told assembled media there the attack appeared to be a 'terrorist attack motivated by nationalism
Israel's Haaretz newspaper has reported that Tel Aviv Mayor Ron Huldai said that at this stage the municipality had 'no special instructions' and asked the public to enable the security services to do their work.
They told assembled media there the attack appeared to be a 'terrorist attack motivated by nationalism,' reported The Jerusalem Post.
'What I know is that an individual came here and opened fire,' the mayor said. 'This appears to be motivated by nationalism.
'Tel Aviv has been a target in the past, and here it is rearing its ugly head again.'
The police have not officially named the gunman, although it is believed they have been identified on social media.
'All possible angles are being investigated.Large-scale police forces are conducting searches for him, police spokesperson Luba Samri said.
The shooting comes amid a recent wave of Palestinian attacks on Israelis and just days after ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi threatened the Jewish state with violence.
With the suspect still at large, police declined to offer a motive
When asked about reports that the bar which was hit catered to the gay, lesbian, and transgender community, Huldai reportedly said: 'This bar doesn't have any unique significance for me.
'It's a pub on Dizengoff Street. We need to stop being hysterical. There was a terrible event here, and we will get through it just as we have gotten through similar ones in the past.'
Superintendent Micky Rosenfeld, Israel Police Foreign Press Spokesman wrote on Twitter, 'Police units concentrating on searching buildings in the area were the shooting incident took place... Investigation into incident if criminal/terrorist.'
According to eyewitness reports on Twitter, the shooter smiled before spraying bullets into the packed bar.
Israel's Haaretz newspaper has reported that Tel Aviv Mayor Ron Huldai said that at this stage the municipality had 'no special instructions' and asked the public to enable the security services to do their work
Superintendent Micky Rosenfeld, Israel Police Foreign Press Spokesman said Police units were concentrating on searching buildings in the area were the shooting took place
Two people have been confirmed dead, whereas two more are thought to be in serious condition.
Police detained one suspect, but it is not thought to be the shooter who is understood to still be on the loose.
Medics said nine people were taken to hospital, two of which were pronounced dead.
An AFP reporter on the scene said patrons at the pub and cafe had been targeted, and that the sidewalk was strewn with chairs and broken glass as police forensic officers examined the scene.
Witnesses said people had braved the chilly weather to sit outside on terraces at both venues, located on Dizengoff Street, a central thoroughfare of pubs, cafes and shops.
Police were getting rides from Tel Aviv residents as they searched for the gunman in Tel Aviv
Hundreds of police were scouring the area, entering buildings in the vicinity and northward, where the assailant was believed to have fled, and police helicopters buzzed overhead.
Haim Pinto was closing their jewelry store near the pub when the shooting began.
'People started running in my direction, yelling 'terrorist, terrorist'. I saw the commotion and went right back into my store, another girl came in and we hid in the bathroom till the shooting ended,' they told AFP.
Pinto said the pub had opened 'just a few months ago'.
Five more people are said to have been moderately wounded in the attack and have been taken to hospitals in the Tel Aviv area
Wounded: At least five people have been wounded
They also told AFP that, judging by the sound of the shots, the assailant had fired single rounds rather than in automatic bursts.
Osnat David, who owns a hair salon near the pub, said they were outside smoking a cigarette just two minutes before the attack began.
'If I were there when it happened I would have been dead,' they told AFP, recounting how they hid in their salon's storage room with a few customers, clutching a pair of scissors and waiting for the shooting to end.
French tourist Alexandre Lambez was at a cafe across the street from the one targeted after the pub.
Residents were told to stay indoors while security forces searched for the suspect who remains at large
Forensic teams were working at the scene this evening
'I heard gunshots and turned around; I saw people rushing to the back of the cafe. I heard screaming and saw a man shooting. They were brown haired wearing a grey sweater and fled the scene,' they told AFP.
'I immediately thought of the attacks in Paris,' they said, referring to jihadist attacks in November that killed 130 people at bars, a concert hall and the Stade de France stadium.
Twenty Israelis, an American and an Eritrean have been killed in a wave of Palestinian attacks since October 1 including stabbings, car-rammings and gun fire targeting security forces and civilians.
Israel has seen a wave of Palestinian street attacks since October, fuelled in part by Muslim anger over stepped-up Jewish visits to Jerusalem's al-Aqsa mosque complex, also sacred to Jews, as well as long-stalled peace talks.
Emergency services took the wounded to Tel Aviv hospitals
It is not immediately clear what motivated the shooting, but it is believed it was carried out by a single gunman
Police are warning residents to stay away from the area
A while back I posted about self-imposed deadlines and my experience with the Goodreads Reading Challenge for 2011. One of the problems I've had since then was a shortage of time and a lot of books left to read.
This has turned out to be a mixed blessing/curse in itself. I read a lot of books and I'm a very fast reader, but if I want to finish the challenge on time, I have to read 15 more books in 10 more days. To do that, I'm being forced to read some VERY short books. Right now I'm going through a whole pile of R. L. Stine's Goosebumps books.
I'm totally okay with going outside my comfort zone to read books I normally wouldn't consider, so the fact that these are aimed primarily at younger kids doesn't bother me. In fact, I'm finding it to be incredibly worth while as a source of writing lessons.
Some takeaways I'm finding as I go through them:
Don't waste a lot of time describing things your audience is already familiar with.
I write in a make-believe universe, so I have to describe a lot, but these books take place in what is arguably the real world, or at least one that's supposed to convincingly look like it. Detail is kept to a minimum so that kids reading these books can easily substitute images from their own minds and make the experience more invovling and more personal, all the more important since these are horror stories for kids. Making it personal makes it VERY effective.
Give characters some strong, easily identifiable traits.
Usually this is done through dialogue; maybe a character has a catch phrase they repeat a lot, or yells a lot, or speaks largely in questions. Maybe it's something done outside of dialogue, such as a character with a sprained ankle who has to walk with a limp constantly. These traits help the reader immediately latch on to the character and help make him, them or it is memorable.
Keep the action moving.
I'd estimate these books come in at roughly 20,000 to 25,000 words apiece. That's NOT a lot of words for an entire book - NaNoWriMo books are typically 50,000 words, and those are very short for a finished novel. A more typical length for a book for adult readers is roughly 100,000 words.
This means the Goosebumps series have to be very tight and concise, almost more like a long short story or novella. No time is wasted on trivial details. If something is described at all, you can be sure it's going to play into the story somehow.
The more I read outside my usual stomping grounds of science fiction, science fact and fantasy, the more determined I am to read even more widely. It's amazing how much you can pick up from a kid's book.
Fired Christian Teacher: 'I Teach All Aspects of Evolution'
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
An Ohio school board's decision to fire a middle school teacher under the allegations of teaching creationism and religious doctrine in their classroom was upheld by a local judge Wednesday. The science teacher, who was dismissed in January, plans to file an appeal.
John Freshwater sought to overturn the Mount Vernon City School District Board firing in order to get their job back. The decision to uphold the school board's action was handed down by Knox County Common Pleas Court Judge Otho Eyster.
Freshwater was suspended under allegations that they failed to remove religious materials from their classroom and burned crosses on students' arms with a Tesla coil during science experiments. The suspension from Mount Vernon Middle School occurred in 2008 and they were terminated in January 2011.
The case against them began as a request by the school administration to remove their Bible from their classroom desk and was compounded with other accusations after their refusal to do so, Freshwater told The Christian Post. Having an exemplary teaching record for 24 years, they said the allegations began when there were several changes in the school district's personnel, including three new school board members.
“It came down to that they wanted me to remove the Bible from my desk and I refused to remove my Bible from my desk,” Freshwater said. “The Bible has been resting on my desk for all 24 years of teaching. So, what has changed? What has changed is the administration.”
School officials also did not like the way they taught the evolution curriculum, Freshwater said.
“The school board justified its actions by accusing Freshwater of improperly injecting religion into the classroom by giving students ‘reason to doubt the accuracy and/or veracity of scientists, science textbooks and/or science in general,'” according to their lawyers from the Rutherford Institute.
“He never had a negative performance evaluation in 20-plus years.  They are a good teacher,” Rutherford Institute president John W. Whitehead told CP. “The real issue here is that they have obligedly challenged a sacred object in public education, which is the theory of evolution.”
“People forget it is a theory. So, our argument is that they should have the academic freedom to do that. If schools just want an official version, they should just show a video or get a robot to do it. It would be easier,” Whitehead said.
Although it is reported that school officials have not completely absolved Freshwater of the Tesla coil incident, a hearing officer had previously found that it was not a factor in the firing, "because Freshwater stopped using it after they were told to do so."
“I have been completely cleared of that but they continue to bring that up. That should have never been brought to the case,” Freshwater said. “The media reports keep bringing it up. I guess it sells papers.”
Freshwater's suit, filed in February, stated that state law and school procedures protecting their rights were violated, according to an article by The Columbus Dispatch. They also said that the hearing referee's conclusions were flawed.
Eyster reviewed 6,344 pages of hearing transcript involving 80 witnesses during 38 days of hearings, the Dispatch reported. The judge ruled “Freshwater's request that the court conduct additional hearings is not well taken.”
Freshwater said the judge's decision on Wednesday was unfair.
“The school board stacked the deck in their favor and Eyster just rolled along with it,” they said. “They didn't even give my constitutional right to rebut what Eyster had brought forward.”
In regard to accusations of teaching Creationism, Freshwater said that they do not teach that life began because of a Creator, but instead challenges students to think for themselves on the subject.
“I teach all the aspects of evolution … those things that support evolution, those things that do not support evolution. I teach a robust evolution. The students have a right to see it,” they said. “Students need to hear the evidence and maybe some of the evidence is not for evolution, but they need to hear the evidence. Did I stand up and preach and share Creationism with them? No. I just shared the evidence of evolution and that shows the flaw of evolution enough.”
School officials were not available for comment at the time of this report.
French President Emmanuel Macron unveiled a plan to bolster France's domestic security on Wednesday during a speech to police forces at the presidential Elysée Palace.
ADVERTISING Read more
Their proposals include the creation of a “daily security force” within the police, a plan to combat radicalisation and reforms to asylum procedures.
Speaking in front of 500 people, including police and gendarmerie commanders, Macron aimed to boost morale amongst France's internal security forces, which have been strongly mobilised since the 2015 Paris terror attacks.
Macron began by paying tribute to the security forces and their “daily acts of heroism", pointing out that since the start of 2017, intelligence and security services had thwarted 13 terror attacks. Bruno Cautres a politics researcher at Sciences-Po, noted in an interview with FRANCE 24 that Macron used “many positive adjectives” about the police, gendarmerie and army, in a speech that paid “a clear tribute to the security forces”.
After observing that “there are now multiple forms of danger”, Macron went on to propose a raft of measures while also subtly linking internal security to both external security and immigration.
"There is certainly more sympathy for the police than there was in previous years" - FRANCE 24 journalist Marc Perelman
10,000 extra police and gendarmerie
A key announcement was to employ 10,000 extra police and gendarmes. They also promised to give them more technology to use in operations. “Our challenge in the smartphone era is to give law enforcement appropriate digital tools.”
“That was clearly the [agenda]: to explain to the French that because of the new forms of terrorism, the missions of the security and police forces have been changed,” Cautres told FRANCE 24.
“Macron has used the same rhetoric that he's using for economic policies, which is also efficiency, to make it more adapted to realities,” the politics researcher also observed.
That is while Macron reminded France's security forces of the need for exemplary conduct. “Any failure must be noted and sanctioned,” they said.
Strengthening police protection
Macron also said they wanted to “tighten” the country's response to “cowardly and intolerable” threats to police and gendarmes. "As well as threats and physical intimidation, there are now more indirect threats, including against their relatives,” Macron lamented.
“I wish we could go further” than members of the security forces' right to anonymity, Macron said.
Macron also said that the “daily security” police force (PSQ) that they intend to put in place is different from the similar force created by then prime minister Lionel Jospin in 1998 and abolished by then interior minister Nicolas Sarkozy five years later.
Meanwhile, Macron said that the consultation on the PSQ will start on October 23, and that the force will begin work at the start of 2018.
New national counter-radicalisation plan
The French president announced that they will convene a committee of numerous ministers across different government departments, which will "draw up a new national plan" against radicalisation, while drawing up a list of specific places to monitor.
"The heads of police constabularies will set up action plans for their own areas" involving "many other state services" to "prevent threats and set up organisations to identify what kind of behaviour suggests the biggest risk of radicalisation", in “close co-operation" with magistrates, said Macron. They also said that they want “to prevent terrorism from the youngest age".
Tough action on non-French citizens without residence permits
Emmanuel Macron also called for "uncompromisingly sending back" people from abroad with "no legal right" to stay, while accepting "refugees and people in good standing".
"We don't welcome people well, our procedures are too long, we don't integrate people properly and neither do we send enough people back," they said, while repeating former prime minister Michel Rocard's axiom that: "We should take our fair share, but we can't just welcome in all the world's poor people.”
Moreover, Macron complained that there are “several weeks of delays before asylum procedures for migrants actually start".
Not referring the anti-terror law to France's Constitutional Council
With France's Senate voting through the controversial anti-terrorism law that will put an end to the country's state of emergency on 1 November, Macron said that they would not refer the decision to the Constitutional Council, even though many in France fear that the legislation will trample on civil liberties.
(FRANCE 24 with REUTERS and AFP)
Class of 2017 Lilburn (Ga.) Berkmar High guard Aljami “Al” Durham became the first member of Indiana's 2017 recruiting class on Monday morning when they gave a commitment to the Hoosiers.
Durham was one of several visitors to Saturday's Hoosier Hysteria, their second unofficial visit to Bloomington. They were offered a scholarship while on campus in June.
“First of all I would like to thank God, my family, close friends and my coaches for guiding and preparing me for this decision,” Durham wrote on their Twitter account. “I would to thank all the coaches and universities that took the time out to recruit and call me. After discussing my options with my family we have decision that Indiana University will be the best place for me to attend college and further my basketball career! Hoosier Nation!!”
Durham also considered Georgia, Florida, South Florida, Virginia Tech and Rhode Island.
Their father, Al Durham Sr., told Inside the Hall that the comfort level with Indiana's coaching staff was big in the decision.
“It felt good with the coaches and the plan they have for him,” they said. “The chance to come in as a first-year student and contribute to the team. Being able to get to Indiana with the system (Tom) Crean has in place and their track record with guards, getting kids prepared, to have that opportunity, how could you not?”
Durham Sr. father and assistant coach Chuck Martin both graduated from St. Raymond's in the Bronx.
The 6-foot-4 left handed guard is ranked the No. 100 player in the country according to 247Sports.
This past spring and summer on the Nike Elite Youth Basketball League (EYBL) circuit, Durham averaged 12.8 points, three rebounds and 1.8 assists in 24.1 minutes per game.
“He can shoot the ball well. They can handle it. He's one of those bigger guards,” Durham Sr. said. “He can play the one through the three. They have to get stronger. He's still growing.”
Durham Sr. said that they knew their son was leaning towards Indiana following their unofficial visit in June. The Hoosier Hysteria trip simply confirmed their strong feelings that they wanted to be in Bloomington.
“When we came from the first visit, they compared all of the visits from that point on to Indiana,” Durham Sr. explained. “That was a sign for me that ‘hey, they really likes them.' They just told me, ‘it feels right, I want to get it over with.'”
“Indiana doesn't have to wait. It's Indiana basketball. They're going to get McDonald's All-Americans, they're going to get high profile players, they can get guards. So they kind of wanted to put a stamp on it, own it and take on a challenge.”
I will be Attending Indiana University ???? pic.twitter.com/xziAIxyeFg — Aljami Durham (@aldurham01) October 26, 2015
Filed to: Aljami Durham
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A recording has been released in which the coastguard is heard ordering the captain to 'get back on board'
Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera has posted what it says is a recording of a radio conversation on the day of the Costa Concordia disaster between Francesco Schettino, captain of the stricken ship, and Gregorio de Falco of the Italian coastguard in Livorno. It reveals how Mr De Falco repeatedly asked Capt Schettino to return to the ship. This translation into English was done by the BBC:
Gregorio De Falco: "Hello. Hello."
Francesco Schettino: "Good evening, captain."
De Falco: "Hello, I'm de Falco, from Livorno. I am speaking with the commander?"
Schettino: "I'm Commander Schettino."
De Falco: "Listen Schettino, there are people trapped aboard, you go with your lifeboat under the prow of the ship on the port side and you go aboard the ship using the rope ladder. You go aboard and you tell me how many people there are. Is it clear? I'm recording this conversation, Commander Schettino."
Schettino: "So, I'll tell you something..."
De Falco: "Speak louder."
Schettino: "Now, I'm in front of..."
De Falco: "Commander, speak louder, take the microphone and speak loud. Is that clear?"
Schettino: "Commander, right now the ship is skewed."
De Falco: "Understood. Listen there are people going down from the prow using the rope ladder; you take that rope ladder on the opposite side, you go aboard and you tell me the number of people and what they have on board. Is that clear? You tell me whether there are children, women or people needing assistance. And you tell me the number of each of these categories. Is that clear? Schettino, maybe you saved yourself from the sea, but I'll make you pay for sure. Go aboard."
Schettino: "Commander, please?"
De Falco: "Please, now you go aboard."
Schettino: "I am on the lifeboat, under the ship, I haven't gone anywhere, I'm here."
De Falco: "What are you doing, commander?"
Schettino: "I'm here to co-ordinate rescues."
De Falco: "What are you co-ordinating there? Go on board and co-ordinate rescues from on board. Do you refuse?"
Schettino: "No, no I'm not refusing."
De Falco: "You're refusing to go aboard, commander, tell me why you're not going."
Schettino: "I'm not going because there is another lifeboat stopped there."
De Falco: "Go aboard: it's an order. You have no evaluation to make, you declared abandon ship, now I give orders: go aboard. Is it clear?"
Schettino: "Commander I'm going aboard."
De Falco: "Call me from aboard, my rescuer is there at the prow of the ship. There are already dead bodies, Schettino."
Schettino: "How many dead bodies?"
De Falco: "I do not know. One for sure. You have to tell me how many."
Schettino: "Do you realise that it's dark here and we can't see a thing?"
De Falco: "And what, do you want to go home, Schettino? It's dark, so you want to go home...? Go on the prow of the ship, using the rope ladder and tell me what can be done, how many people there are and what are their needs. Do it now."
Schettino: "Here there is also the vice commander. I'm together with him."
De Falco: "Then go aboard together. Together. What's their name?"
Schettino: "Dimitri."
De Falco: "Dimitri what? You and your vice go aboard. Now, is it clear?"
Schettino: "Commander, I want to go aboard, but here there is the other lifeboat, there are other rescuers who stopped. Now I called other rescuers."
De Falco: "You've been telling me this for one hour. Go aboard. Go aboard. And you tell me right away how many people there are."
Schettino: "Ok commander."
De Falco: "Go, quickly."
We recently worked with The Nature Conservancy on a microsite and campaign strategy to promote a new PBS series, “EARTH A New Wild.” One small detail of the overall design language was a gritty, earthy texture, which was reserved for use on headlines, buttons and icons, and the brand's identity marks.
There are a few different ways to achieve this effect in today's browsers, from CSS background-clip and mask-image, to SVG <clippath>, <pattern> and <mask>, and even canvas. Each have their own varying levels of support and implementation peculiarities; however, one of these rises above the rest in terms of its ease of implementation and flexibility of use.
CSS mask-image
To start, simply save your texture image as a PNG-24.
With the above image, the areas with partial and full transparency will mask the element (allowing the background to show through), while fully opaque areas (of any color) will allow the element to be visible.
Then simply apply it as a mask image in CSS with only 2 lines of code!
.grit { -webkit-mask-image: url("grit.png"); mask-image: url("grit.png"); }
Great Flexibility
The beauty of this technique is that it is very flexible. It can be applied to elements of any color, and the background will show through! Use it on headlines, buttons, borders, SVG vectors, and icons to achieve a similar effect.
See the Pen Easy Textures with CSS Masks by Jeremy Frank (@jeremyfrank) on CodePen.
To read more about this project, check out this write-up from our project manager, as well as our full project case study.
At this point, CSS Masking is a W3C Candidate Recommendation, which currently works in most modern browsers, with the exception of Internet Explorer and Firefox. Non-supporting browsers will simply receive the un-textured version as a fallback. For the EARTH A New Wild microsite, the loss of this subtle detail in non-supporting browsers was perfectly acceptable.
Global oil prices surged after a report said top exporters Saudi Arabia and Russia had agreed to freeze output before a key meeting in Doha on Sunday, rekindling hopes that major producers will rein in growth to support prices.
On Tuesday, Russia's Interfax news agency quoted an unnamed diplomatic source who said the two countries had struck a deal to tackle a global glut, and that the pact did not hinge on participation by Iran.
International Brent crude gained $1.86 (U.S.) to $44.69 a barrel, while West Texas intermediate oil rose $1.81 to $42.17. The U.S. benchmark has now climbed roughly 60 per cent after skidding to a 12-year low of about $26 in February.
Story continues below advertisement
The TSX energy subindex climbed nearly 6 per cent before paring gains as investors piled into names that have been among the hardest hit in the downturn.
Big gainers included Encana Corp. (9.3 per cent), Cenovus Energy Inc. (7.4 per cent) and Baytex Energy Corp. (5.4 per cent). The loonie jumped 0.82 cents to 78.3 cents and the S&P/TSX composite index rose 1.2 per cent.
Crude prices have rebounded amid signs of strengthening demand and faltering output in the United States. The 21-month rout has pushed many shale producers to the brink and forced the world's energy giants to defer billions of dollars in spending.
Now, the market is starting to believe a brutal war for market share launched by Saudi Arabia and the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is at an end, said Phil Flynn of Price Futures Group in Chicago. "The symbolism behind the meeting is very important."
"It also shows you that these producers, the only reason they're agreeing to do this is because they're past their pain point and can't take it any more. They realize that everybody's going to go broke if they continue with the status quo."
High-cost producers in Canada's oil patch are no exception. Last week, the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers said industry spending is poised to drop this year to $31-billion (Canadian). That's down by an estimated $50-billion, or 62 per cent from 2014 levels in the biggest two-year decline since 1947, the lobby group said.
The toll has included tens of thousands of job cuts at Canadian producers, including Suncor Energy Inc., Cenovus and others. Meanwhile, cash-poor Alberta is expected to unveil a deficit of $10.4-billion in its budget this week as energy revenue evaporates.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Some analysts remain skeptical that the meeting in Qatar will have any impact on physical oil markets that remain pressured by swollen inventories and uneven demand.
"In reality, whether or not an agreement is reached to freeze production will likely have little impact on physical markets, but the outcome and any apparent cohesion or lack thereof among participants should drive the next directional move in prices," Barclays PLC analysts led by Lydia Rainforth said in a note.
"Yet for all the noise about a freeze in output levels from key participants, the real drivers of a rebalancing of the market remain a combination of demand growth and non-OPEC supply adjustments," they said.
The bank said it expects non-OPEC supplies to fall by at least 1.2 million barrels a day this year – the largest drop since 1992 – as deep spending cuts start to bear fruit. At the same time, it assumes demand growth of one million barrels a day, led by gasoline.
Nonetheless, analysts say more cuts to employment and spending levels are likely as debt-saddled Canadian producers seek to appease jittery lenders. Already, some have been pushed into receivership and more are expected as banks conduct their semi-annual review of borrowing limits in the sector.
Photo
After bringing their AMC series “Breaking Bad” to its highly praised conclusion and earning an Emmy Award for outstanding drama, creator Vince Gilligan probably could have done anything they wanted for their next act.
Unexpectedly, they opted for a cameo role in the NBC comedy “Community.” At the invitation of that show's creator, Dan Harmon, Mr. Gilligan will make their professional on-camera acting debut in Thursday's episode, playing the host of a vintage VCR game with an Old West theme and some deeply confusing rules. (It spoils nothing to add that Mr. Gilligan's character also appears, in a slightly different capacity, in a closing-credits scene with Gina Gershon.)
Mr. Gilligan, who is now preparing the “Breaking Bad” spinoff “Better Call Saul” for a November debut, spoke recently about their visit to “Community.” In these edited excerpts from that conversation, they talk about what he's learned from their introduction to acting.
Q.
Is this the beginning of your transition into acting?
A.
Yes. It's a steppingstone to porn, which is actually my first true love. [Laughs] Everybody in their heart of hearts wishes they could be Errol Flynn or Harrison Ford, swashbuckling away in a big movie. I always knew I couldn't act and I couldn't sing, so I never really tried either. But out of the blue, Dan Harmon called up and said, would you like to do a guest shot on “Community”? And it was irresistible. I couldn't say no.
Q.
How well did you know Dan when they asked you to do this?
A.
Not well. We had met at an Emmy party, probably two years before. He's a great storyteller and a fun guy to hang around with. But he's busy, I was busy finishing up “Breaking Bad.” And that's the way the business is. You have a great time talking to someone and then you don't see them again for five years.
Q.
What was they like to work with on your “Community” scenes?
A.
As one would expect, “Community” being their brainchild, he's a hilariously funny guy. Exactly as I was on the set on of “Breaking Bad,” they looked pretty tired the day I saw them on “Community,” but they were a wonderful host.
Q.
Did this turn out to be a deceptively challenging assignment?
A.
I was so nervous because – not that it needs to be stressed for anyone who will watch the episode – I am no actor. I studied my lines. I tried to picture how Bryan Cranston or Aaron Paul would do it. But I got there and I said to Dan, “Are you sure about this? There's a very good possibility I may be unwatchably terrible.” And they said, “We know that, too. [Laughs] The whole point of the character you're playing is that he's a bad actor. So the worse you are, perhaps the funnier it would be.”
Q.
You play the character with a deliberately silly Southern accent. Was this a skill you've always had, or one you developed specifically for the role?
A.
I swear to God, I did do my homework, however it comes across. I'd watch Gabby Hayes videos and I'd watch Walter Huston in “The Treasure of the Sierra Madre,” I'd be trying to imitate their voices. I'm not much of a mimic, unfortunately, but I had my upbringing in Virginia to fall back on. I used to have much more of a Southern accent than I do now — it seems to have gone away inadvertently after having lived here in Los Angeles for 20 years. I had to dig deep and pull it out from wherever it was hiding.
Q.
So there's an element of self-mockery in the performance?
A.
[Laughs] Oh yeah. Even in the South, there are different substrates of hillbillies and white trash.
Q.
Were you bummed that you didn't get to share a scene with your former “Breaking Bad” co-star Jonathan Banks, who's now on “Community”?
A.
 They are such a sweetheart. He's so crusty on the outside but he's like a marshmallow on the inside. They knew how nervous I was and that I had never acted. And when they wrapped for the day, instead of driving home, which I'm sure they would have preferred to do, they hung around to run lines with me off camera. That made me more comfortable.
Q.
Did you learn anything from your acting experience that made you see your work as a producer or a director in a new light?
A.
I learned viscerally what I already knew intellectually. I know acting is a hard gig, but actually having 30 or 40 union crew members standing around, staring at you — they're professionals and they're expecting you to know your lines and not make them go home a half-hour or an hour or two hours later than they normally would. So you feel that pressure of getting it right in the first take.
Q.
Was it any more difficult in the scene you share with Gina Gershon?
A.
Gina Gershon's an excellent actor, and man, just smoking hot. And just a very sweet, nice person. They very handily grasped the fact that I had not done this before. [Laughs] And I got to hug them over and over again, take after take, which was very enjoyable. I'm glad my girlfriend, Holly, was not there. That would have put a damper on things. [Laughs]
Q.
After this experience, are you thinking about how you might more substantially re-enter the world of scripted entertainment, or are you still kicking back and considering your options?
A.
I definitely am not giving up my job. We're plugging away on “Better Call Saul,” I'm here in the writers' offices as we speak, and we're breaking our third episode out of our 10-episode first season. Peter Gould and me, we're running it together, and we're having a really good partnership.
Q.
So you were eager to re-immerse yourself in the world of “Breaking Bad”?
A.
Oh, yeah. I hadn't written a “Breaking Bad” episode since the final episode about a year ago, and then we had to shoot it and edit it all, then there was the victory lap. It didn't take long for me to start to miss the world of “Breaking Bad,” and I very much want “Better Call Saul” to get off on the best foot possible. I'll be here every day, and directing the first episode and co-writing the first episode with Peter. I'll be as helpful as I can at the beginning of Season 2, putting in a couple weeks full-time with Peter, and then gradually pulling back from it. Because Peter is more than ready to run their own show. And then I'll look for a movie to do or create another TV show.
Fox is turning Glee‘s third trip to Nationals into an all-night event.
Sources confirm to TVLine exclusively that the network is combining the show's 20th and 21st installments into one, two-hour episode on Tuesday, May 15.
But it's the first of those two hours — which finds New Directions planning for the annual competition — that is likely to generate the most watercooler chatter. That's because in the midst of rehearsing their new routine, Tina (Jenna Ushkowitz) suffers a mild head injury and begins to experience a different — yet oddly familiar — alternate reality.
The plot would seem to give context to recent photos from the set showing the cast swapping roles — i.e. Mark Salling (Puck) playing Blaine, Cory Monteith (Finn) dressed up as Kurt, and the asupervisorstioned Ushkowitz channeling Rachel.
Tina's warped perspective presumably returns to normal in time for Nationals, which serves as the focus of Hour 2.
The conservative majority on the Roberts Court issued another damaging and intellectually dishonest ruling on Tuesday. It eviscerated enforcement of the Voting Rights Act, in which Congress kept the promise of a vote for every citizen. But it did not rule on the constitutional validity of the idea that some places have such strong records of discrimination that they must seek federal approval before they may change their voting rules. Instead, the 5-to-4 ruling usurped Congress's power and struck down the formula that it has repeatedly reauthorized to determine which states fall into that category.
The Supreme Court invited Congress to rewrite the formula, which has a disingenuous ring. The justices know full well that lawmakers, who failed to expand the coverage formula in 2006, are extremely unlikely to do it now. And so the preclearance rule lies dormant.
The Justice Department is still free to sue jurisdictions over their voting policies after the fact, and should, as often as necessary, because such lawsuits will become an even more important tool to ensure justice. But that is not a long-term substitute for the preclearance rule. As Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg noted in their impassioned dissent, such suits have proved to be a less effective tool against politicians determined to find ways block access to the polls. The jurisdictions covered by the preclearance rule are, for the most part, firmly in that category.
Chief Justice John Roberts Jr., writing for the majority, was right when they said that the formula used to determine the jurisdictions that are covered was written long ago, but, if anything, it is too narrow. Chief Justice Roberts was entirely wrong when they wrote that the states can no longer “be divided into two groups: those with a recent history of voting tests and low voter registration and turnout, and those without those characteristics.”
They say we first eat with our eyes, and no one seems to understand this better than the Japanese restaurant industry. From a pot of thick gravy mid-pour over a perfectly cooked steak to an ice cream sundae with everything on it– you name it, they'll make a plastic replica for it.
Sampuru, derived from the English word “sample”, is nothing short of an art form in Japan. Picking out a restaurant can be like viewing an art exhibition of fake food so accurate it really does look tempting enough to eat. To compete for customers, restaurants go all out with their window displays, hiring the best craftsmen to turn their menus into a parade of palatable plastic.
Food presentation plays a huge role in how we experience mealtimes and calculate whether we're going to enjoy the dish. A lot of work goes into making items as small as a grain of rice. During the molding process, the imitation ingredients are often chopped up and combined in a manner similar to actual cooking.
The art of fake food goes as far back as the 1920s, when the country experience a food revolution and people from rural Japan flocked to cities to experience restaurant dining. Unfamiliar with written menus, wax models were helpful to potential customers to give an idea of what kind of dishes were on offer. After World War II came the Americans and Europeans, who were even less familiar with Japanese menus and relied heavily on the fake food displays.
But this is not to say sampuru is merely a product of tourism. If you look at the visual aesthetics of Japanese food, you'll notice there's also a huge emphasis on looks and its believed that Japanese people have a particular preference of first ‘tasting with their eyes'.
The plastic food industry is very competitive in Japan and is estimated to have revenues of billions of yen per year. To make a replica of a restaurant's menu can cost up to $10,000. While most of Japan's plastic food is made and sold on a single street in Tokyo called Kappabashi Street, in recent years, the industry has been targeting markets overseas, such as China and South Korea.
Japanese fake food fascination has no doubt transcended the boundaries of the culinary industry. In 1980, London's prestigious Victoria and Albert Museum hosted an exhibition of plastic food made by Japan's most famous manufacturer, the Maizuru Company. Back in Japan, individual pieces of plastic food are popular as souvenirs.
Check out this video filmed in Gujo town in the Gifu prefecture of Japan where the technology of making these ultra-realistic food samples for restaurants first began. Watch a craftman making my favourite, Tempura…
Images via Flickr/ Wikipedia
Image caption Nadezhda Tolokonnikova told the judge that six months at a penal colony was time enough
A court in north-eastern Russia has denied parole to one of the jailed members of the punk band, Pussy Riot.
Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, who is serving a two-year sentence, had been eligible for early release from a penal colony.
They and two other members of Pussy Riot were convicted in August of hooliganism motivated by religious hatred.
They were arrested after performing an obscenity-laced "punk prayer" in protest against President Vladimir Putin at Moscow's main cathedral.
An appeals court suspended the sentence of one of the convicted women, Yekaterina Samutsevich, in October, but upheld the jail terms for Ms Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhin.
On Friday, Ms Tolokonnikova attended their parole hearing in the town of Zubova Polyana wearing a dark green prison uniform with a white scarf.
"I have spent enough time in the prison camp. I've had enough of studying it. Six months is time enough," they told the judge, according to the Rapsi legal news agency.
Them lawyer also argued that Ms Tolokonnikova's five-year-old daughter, Gera, needed their mother, and presented an appeal for their release signed by several prominent human rights activists.
The penal colony opposed their request, saying they had failed to "repent" and had received reprimands for failing to greet a prison official while they were in hospital and refusing to go for a walk at a Moscow jail.
KUKA AG Midea Group $5,110.0 In a complex stock play over the course of many months, Chinese consumer products manufacturer Midea Group acquired over 94% of the outstanding and privately held shares of KUKA AG, a Germany-based robot manufacturers and one of the Big Four of international robot makers. The approval process involved negotiations with the German and US governments, the selling off of KUKA Aero (which is involved in sensitive aerospace technologies) to AIT (see below), and an agreement regarding jobs and plants in Germany which will be protected until the end of 2023. Also Midea agreed not to pursue a domination agreement or de-listing of KUKA's shares.
Dematic Kion Group 2,100.0 The Kion Group, with funding from their Chinese partner, acquired Dematic Corp. for $2.1 billion. Kion's biggest single shareholder is Chinese diesel-engine maker Weichai Power with a 38.3% stake. Kion has been on a tear acquiring all sorts of companies in the logistics sphere: Egemin, Linde, Retrotech and now Dematic.
Intelligrated Honeywell 1,500.0 Honeywell's material handling solutions are somewhat old school, hence their need to strategically acquire newer technology. Intelligrated has been a successful integrator of mobile and stationary robotic solutions and systems for 20+ years for manufacturing, warehousing and distribution material handling and automated storage and retrieval. In recent years the company has posted double-digit year-over-year growth. Intelligrated brings a large IP portfolio of warehouse automation, order fulfillment and software solutions and has an extensive presence in North American e-commerce and the retail, and food and beverage markets.
Affymetrix ThermoFisher 1,300.0 ThermoFisher Scientific acquired Affymetrix for $1.3 billion. Adding Affymetrix's products will help ThermoFisher expand its array of lab equipment and robots into biosciences and genetic analysis workflows.
InvenSense TDK Corp 1,300.0 TDK Corporation acquired InvenSense, Inc. for $1.3 billion. InvenSense provides motion sensors, and is known for its six- and nine-axis motion sensors, which are used in some advanced consumer products and applications. Recently it has added inertial, environmental, microphone, and ultrasonic sensors to its product line.
KraussMaffei Automation ChemChina 1,000.0 ChemChina and a group of other investors including Chinese state funds, acquired Germany's KraussMaffei Automation, an industrial robot integrator and plastics, carbon fiber, and rubber processor, for $1 billion.
Arcam AB GE 800.0 Arcam AB, based in Mölndal, Sweden, was acquired by GE. Arcam invented an electron beam melting machine for metal-based additive manufacturing, and also produces advanced metal powders. Its customers are in the aerospace and healthcare industries. Arcam generated $68 million in revenues in 2015 with approximately 285 employees.
E2V Teledyne Technologies 780.0 Teledyne Technologies, which specializes in deepwater gas and oil exploration and production, oceanographic research, air and water quality environmental monitoring, electronics design and development, factory automation and medical imaging, acquired British imaging sensor maker E2V Technologies in an all cash $780 million transaction. E2V's imaging devices, machine vision cameras for sensitive, high speed inspection processes, industrial processing systems, and other sensors, enable a range of industrial robotic and automation systems to work more efficiently and for space science and astronomy applications.
Otto Motors Uber 680.0 Otto Motors, a San Francisco startup developing self-driving truck system kits, was acquired by Uber for $680 million. The deal was worth about 0.9% of Uber. Also part of the deal, Otto gets 20% of any trucking business profits they end up creating. Anthony Levandowski, a former Google engineer and one of Otto's founders, will take charge of Uber's self-driving car operations as well as continuing to run Otto's trucking business.
Cruise Automation General Motors 600.0 General Motors acquired Cruise Automation, a startup that was developing autopilot systems for existing cars, for an undisclosed sum but, according to Fortune magazine, a figure “north of $1 billion.” This figure was later modified to $600 million. GM has stated their goal of creating the industry's biggest driverless-vehicle fleet which is why GM paid such a steep purchase price for Cruise, invested $500 million into Lyft, and another $25 million to acquire the employees and technology left over from Sidecar, a ride-sharing service that shut down last December. Certainly these acquisitions are both a talent and a technology grab to help GM facilitate their fleet-vehicle goal.
SLM Solutions Group GE 600.0 SLM Solutions Group, based in Lübeck, Germany, produces laser machines for metal-based 3D additive manufacturing with customers in the aerospace, energy, healthcare, and automotive industries. SLM generated $74 million in revenues in 2015 with 260 employees.
Movidius Intel 400.0 Intel acquired Irish Movidius, a maker of image-processor chips for drones and virtual reality for $400 million. Movidius' chips help drones and smartphones recognize faces and read signs without needing to stream to the cloud and wait for a response.
Voith GmbH Triton Partners 342.0 Voith GmbH, a family-owned German group of industrial and engineering companies, has sold 80% of its industrial services unit to buyout group Triton Partners for $342 million to free up capital for planned investments. Voith also had a 25.1% share of Kuka's stock which it sold to Midea. According to Forbes, Voith ranks 200th in global family-owned businesses with revenue of $7.5 bn and 43,000 employees.
Paslin Wanfeng 302.0 Paslin, a Warren, MI integrator of welding robots and manufacturer of automation tooling, was acquired by Chinese company Wanfeng Technology Group for $302 million. Paslin has developed and sold assembly and welding robot application systems 1937. Wanfeng, founded in 1994, has businesses in such fields as auto parts manufacturing, robots and intelligent equipment, magnesium alloy and financial investments, with annual sales of $3 billion.
Cabinplant A/S CTB 300.0 Cabinplant A/S, a Danish integrator of food processing equipment including a sardine packing robot cell, sold 80% of their shares to CTB, a Berkshire Hathaway (Warren Buffet) company that designs, manufactures and markets ag, dairy and poultry processing equipment. Cabinplant employs 300 people and has representatives in more than 30 countries worldwide. Based on 2015 sales of $43M (from their annual report), and presuming a 10X revenue, it seems likely the selling price was in the range of $200M to $400M.
Liquid Robotics Boeing 300.0 Liquid Robotics sold their company to Boeing's Autonomous Systems for Defense, Space & Security division. Liquid Robotics' Wave Gliders have traveled over 1.2 million nautical miles for a variety of partners and clients and an even greater number of commercial, defense and scientific applications. Although press releases from both companies didn't have any financial details, a flurry of leaks and rumors suggest that Boeing paid $300 million for LR.
Aesynt Omnicell 275.0 Aesynt, a Pennsylvania company that produces and distributes hospital pharmacy dispensing robot systems, was acquired by Omnicell, a Silicon Valley medical device provider of advanced automation enabling health care facilities to acquire, manage, dispense, and deliver medications and supplies, for $275 million. In 2015 Omnicell acquired MTS Medication Technologies and MACH4 Automation, both manufacturing and marketing robotic pharmacy dispensing systems.
Point Grey Research FLIR Systems 253.0 FLIR Systems, a big vision systems provider, acquired Point Grey Research, a developer of machine vision cameras for use in industrial, retail, scientific, traffic, mapping, and other advanced imaging applications, for approximately $253 million in cash.
Turi Apple 200.0 Apple acquired Turi, a Seattle-based developer of a multi-purpose AI machine learning platform, for $200 million.
Westfalia Group Horizon Global 186.0 DPE Deutsche Private Equity sold Westfalia Group, a German maker of towing equipment and integrator of robotic warehousing solutions, to Horizon Global Corp. for around $186 million including assumed debt. Westfalia, specializing in warehouse automation, designs, integrates and installs automated storage solutions for manufacturers and distributors in both conventional existing spaces and new-build facilities.
Gimatic Agic Capital 150.0 Gimatic, an Italian gripper maker, was acquired by European-Asian equity fund Agic Capital for an undisclosed sum estimated by the Financial Times to be between $112-$169 million. Agic Capital was a participant in the purchase of Germany's KraussMaffei Group for $1 billion (see above).
Ecoclean Group Shenyang Blue Silver Group 134.0 Shenyang Blue Silver Group (SBS Group), China, acquired 85% of the Ecoclean Group within the Dürr Group for around $134 million. The Ecoclean Group has annual sales of $224 million, 850 employees and 10 sites in 8 countries, and provides cleaning and surface processing systems – some of which are robotic – for industrial part manufacturers, mainly in the auto industry. Dürr is a provider of painting, sealing and handling robots for the global auto industry. Shenyang Blue Silver has 700 employees and $224 million in annual sales. One of their activities is as an integrator of industrial robots for material handling.
Prox Dynamics FLIR Systems 134.0 Prox Dynamics, an Oslo, Norway, developer, manufacturer, and distributor of aerial sensors and UAS that are small and light for covert surveillance systems, was acquired by FLIR Systems for $134 million.
Medtech Zimmer Biomet 132.0 Zimmer Biomet has entered the growing surgical robotics field with the purchase of France's Medtech for an estimated $132 million. According to an SEC filing, Zimmer Biomet agreed to buy 1.4 million shares from founder Bertin Nahum and other stockholders at a price of $55 per share, as well as all outstanding convertible bonds and warrants previously issued by Medtech to private equity firm Ally Bridge Group. Medtech is a developer of robotic surgical platforms and the ROSA surgical robot.
Hansen Medical Auris Surgical Robotics 80.0 Hansen Medical and Auris Surgical Robotics, both surgical robot providers, agreed to a merger whereby Auris acquired Hansen for $80 million. In addition, certain significant stockholders of Hansen Medical agreed to invest approximately $49 million into Auris upon the closing.
RoboRobo Shengtong Printing 62.0 RoboRobo, a Korean educational robotics kit and course provider startup, was acquired by Shenzhen-based Shengtong Printing for $62 million in cash and stock. RoboRobo was set up in 2012 in Beijing as the general agent in China for South-Korean based educational robot courses. Now, it operates 16 schools in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Nanjing, and other cities.
iRobot Defense Endeavor Robotics 45.0 iRobot sold off it's Defense Division for $45 million to Arlington Capital Partners, a government regulated sectors and verticals VC who set up Endeavor Robotics. The new standalone company will focus entirely on the needs of defense, public safety and security. Existing iRobot management and staff have moved over to the new company which will remain in Bedford, MA.
Retrotech Egemin Automation 40.0 Retrotech was acquired by the Kion Group via it's Egemin Automation subsidiary, for $40 million. Retrotech is a NY-based material handling integrator employing 140 people with annual sales of ~$70 million in 2015. Note that Kion acquired Egemin in 2015 for ~$82 million.
Jorgensen Engineering Xano 35.0 Jorgensen Engineering, an Odense, Denmark integrator, has sold to Zano, a Swedish holding company (not to be confused with UK Torquing Group's Zano, which recently failed) for $35 million. Jorgensen had annual sales of $40 million. Jorgensen will be folded into Zano's Industrial Solutions unit which supplies customer-specific automation solutions for the food and medical technology industries, in addition to packaging machines for beverage and other food packaging.
Interactive Motion Technologies Bionik Labs 23.6 Bionik Labs, a Canadian provider of rehab solutions for individuals with neurological disorders, acquired all of the outstanding shares, assets and liabilities of Interactive Motion Technologies, a Watertown, MA provider of upper extremity rehab robotics for $23.65 million.
The National Basketball Association is embarking on a two-week campaign with on-demand commerce platform Teespring to sell limited edition LGBT Pride month t-shirts. Each NBA team's logo has been altered to display a rainbow design set on a black background. Shirts are on sale for $24.95 a piece.
All proceeds from the sale of the LGBT Pride month shirts will benefit the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network (GLSEN), a national organization focused on ensuring safe schools for all students. Its main mission is to reduce the amount of harassment that occurs at schools based on sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression.
"Support from professional sports for LGBT people has been one of the biggest cultural developments of the past five years, and the NBA has consistently led the way," said GLSEN Executive Director Dr. Eliza Byard. "For LGBT fans and players alike, visibility and inclusion in the family of sports remains a key goal. The entire GLSEN family is proud of our longstanding partnership with the NBA, and excited about all of the work we are doing together to make K-12 physical education and athletics – and all of K-12 education – more inclusive and welcoming of LGBT students."
The LGBT Pride month t-shirts counts as the second execution of a new partnership between the NBA and Teespring. In March, the entities cooperated in the creation of specially licensed t-shirts that combined elements of NBA teams with popular recording artists and entertainers, including a match between popular DJ Khaled and the Miami Heat.
Darren Heitner is a lawyer and the Founder of South Florida-based HEITNER LEGAL, P.L.L.C., which has a focus on Sports Law and Entertainment Law.Follow @DarrenHeitner
After Paris attacks, Pope speaks out against insulting religions
By Philip Pullella
ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE, Jan 15 (Reuters) - Pope Francis, speaking of last week's deadly attacks by Islamist militants in Paris, has defended freedom of expression, but said it was wrong to provoke others by insulting their religion and that one could "expect" a reaction to such abuse.
"You can't provoke, you can't insult the faith of others, you can't make fun of faith," they told reporters on Thursday, aboard a plane taking them from Sri Lanka to the Philippines to start the second leg off their Asian tour.
Francis, who has condemned the Paris attacks, was asked about the relationship between freedom of religion and freedom of expression.
"I think both freedom of religion and freedom of expression are both fundamental human rights," they said, adding that they were talking specifically about the Paris killings.
"Everyone has not only the freedom and the right but the obligation to say what they think for the common good ... we have the right to have this freedom openly without offending," they said.
To illustrate their point, they turned to an aide and said: "It is true that you must not react violently, but although we are good friends if (he) says a curse word against my mother, they can expect a punch, it's normal.
"You can't make a toy out of the religions of others," they added. "These people provoke and then (something can happen). In freedom of expression there are limits."
Seventeen people, including journalists and police, were killed in three days of violence that began with a shooting attack on the political weekly Charlie Hebdo, known for its satirical attacks on Islam and other religions.
Referring to past religious wars, such as the Crusades sanctioned by the Catholic Church against Islam, the Pope said:
"Let's consider our own history. How many wars of religion have we had? Even we were sinners but you can't kill in the name of God. That is an aberration."
The Pope was also asked if they felt vulnerable to an assassination attempt or an attack by Islamic extremists.
Earlier this week, the Vatican denied Italian newspaper reports that U.S. and Israeli intelligence officials had informed the Vatican that there could be an imminent attack by Islamist militants.
Francis said they were more worried about others - rather than themselves - being hurt in an eventual attack and that they were confident about security measures in the Vatican and during their trips.
"I am in God's hands," they said, joking about having asked God to spare them a painful death.
In Plants, Research News, Science & Nature, Spotlight / 1 December 2017
Millions, if not billions, of specimens reside in the world's natural history collections, but most of these have not been carefully studied, or even looked at, in decades. While containing critical data for many scientific endeavors, most objects are quietly sitting in their own little cabinets of curiosity.
Thus, mass digitization of natural history collections has become a major goal at museums around the world. Having brought together numerous biologists, curators, volunteers and citizens scientists, such initiatives have already generated large datasets from these collections and provided unprecedented insight.
Now, a new study, recently published in the open access Biodiversity Data Journal, suggests that the latest advances in both digitization and machine learning might together be able to assist museum curators in their efforts to care for and learn from this incredible global resource.
A team of researchers from the Department of Botany at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, and the Data Science Lab and Digitization Program Office of the Smithsonian Office of the Chief Information Officer, recently collaborated with NVIDIA Corp. to carry out a pilot project using deep learning approaches to dig into digitized herbarium specimens.
The project is among the first to describe the use of deep learning methods to enhance our understanding of digitized collection samples. It is also the first to demonstrate that a deep convolutional neural network (CNN)–a computing system modeled after the neuron activity in animal brains that can basically learn on its own–can effectively differentiate between similar plants with an amazing accuracy of nearly one- hundred percent.
In their paper, the scientists describe two different neural networks that they trained to perform tasks on the digitized portion (currently 1.2 million specimens) of the United States National Herbarium.
The team first trained a CNN to automatically recognize herbarium sheets that had been stained with mercury crystals, since mercury was commonly used by some early collectors to protect the plant collections from insect damage. The second CNN was trained to discriminate between two families of plants–clubmosses and spikemosses–that share a strikingly similar superficial appearance.
The trained CNN performed with 90 percent and 96 percent accuracy respectively (or 94 percent and 99 percent if the most challenging specimens were discarded), confirming that deep learning is a useful and important technology for the future analysis of digitized museum collections.
“Our stained vs. unstained network could theoretically be applied to digitized specimens in other herbaria to help identify mercury hotspots for potential remediation,” the scientists conclude in their paper. “Likewise, our family discrimination network has the potential to be further developed into a universal tool to identify unknowns or to flag specimens in need of additional study, in the United States National Herbarium and in other natural history collections.”
“This research paper is a wonderful proof of concept. We now know that we can apply machine learning to digitized natural history specimens to solve curatorial and identification problems,” says Laurence Dorr, chair of the Natural History Museum's Department of Botany.“The future will be using these tools combined with large shared data sets to test fundamental hypotheses about the evolution and distribution of plants and animals.”
(Adapted from Pensoft Publishers)
The coming presidential race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump begins in a virtual dead heat, a competition between two candidates viewed unfavorably by a majority of the current electorate and with voters motivated as much by whom they don't like as by whom they do, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.
Never in the history of the Post-ABC poll have the two major party nominees been viewed as harshly as Clinton and Trump.
Nearly 6 in 10 registered voters say they have negative impressions of both major candidates. Overall, Clinton's net negative rating among registered voters is minus-16, while Trump's is
minus-17, though Trump's numbers have improved since March. Among all adults, Trump's net negatives are significantly higher than those of Clinton.
Here's what a Washington Post/ABC News poll conducted May 16-19, 2016 said about the race between Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton and GOP candidate Donald Trump. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
[ Read full Post-ABC poll results ]
As the primaries are set to draw to a close next month, Democrats and Republicans have begun to consolidate around their presumptive nominees, even though Republican voters remain divided on the question of whether Trump reflects the core values of their party. Partisans in both parties say they are confident that they will be unified for the fall campaign, though one-fifth of Republicans express doubts.
In all, the survey foreshadows a hard-fought, competitive and negative general election. At this point, the two candidates are in a statistical dead heat among registered voters, with Trump favored by 46 percent and Clinton favored by 44 percent. That represents an 11-point shift toward the presumptive Republican nominee since March. Among all adults, Clinton holds a six-point lead
(48 percent to 42 percent), down from 18 points in March.
Nonetheless, Clinton is rated ahead of Trump across a range of attributes and issues, and they are seen as having superior experience, temperament and personality to be president. Trump is viewed as unqualified by a majority of adults, but they have strong appeal to voters as the ­anti-Clinton candidate who can bring change to Washington in an election year in which outsiders have thrived.
Meanwhile, Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who has given Clinton a stiff challenge in the contest for the Democratic nomination, enjoys the most positive rating of the three. Among registered voters, Sanders is net positive — 49 percent to 41 percent — and has seen their image improve steadily the longer they have been a candidate.
The other politician who is judged positively at this moment is President Obama. This is important to Clinton's prospects in the fall. Their overall approval rating among all adults remained at 51 percent, as it was in March, while their disapproval rose from 43 percent to 46 percent, within the margin of error.
Among those registered voters who say they favor Clinton, 48 percent say their vote is in support of the candidate while an identical percentage say their vote is mainly to oppose Trump. Among Trump's backers, 44 percent say they are casting an affirmative vote for the Republican, while 53 percent say their motivation is to oppose Clinton.
Support for the two candidates as they begin their direct engagement appears tepid. Less than half of those in Clinton's column say they strongly support her, while a bare majority say they support them “somewhat.” The numbers for Trump are virtually identical.
Nor are people fully satisfied with their choice of major party nominees — 51 percent call themselves satisfied while 44 percent say they want a third-party option.
Some leading Republican and grass-roots activists have been exploring the possibilities of finding a third-party candidate to stand as an alternative.
The Post-ABC poll tested a hypothetical three-way race that included Trump, Clinton and Mitt Romney, the GOP's 2012 nominee and one of the most outspoken critics of the New York business person. Among registered voters, Clinton gets 37 percent, Trump 35 percent and Romney 22 percent. Underscoring the divisions within the GOP ranks, Romney gets a third of Republicans in a three-way race.
Among registered voters, Clinton runs away from Trump on such attributes as having the right experience to be president, having the personality and temperament to serve in the Oval Office and having realistic policy proposals. Trump's strongest calling card is as a change agent. The two are judged more or less evenly on honesty and trustworthiness, on strength of leadership and on keeping the country safe.
On issues, registered voters clearly prefer Trump on taxes and by a narrower margin on international trade. Clinton has a wide lead on issues of importance to women and rates ahead of Trump on dealing with an international crisis and handling international relations, and holds a slight edge on handling immigration.
The question of whether voters are looking for a candidate with political experience or someone who comes from outside the political establishment remains a fault line of potential significance. At present, 52 percent of Americans say they favor experience while 43 percent say they want an outsider.
In the winter and early spring of this year, experience was significantly more in favor — preferred by nearly 30 points over being an outsider. Fluctuations in that choice likely will affect the fortunes of the two candidates, as Clinton is the embodiment of political experience and Trump is a symbol of the outsider promising big change.
The poll suggests that Trump has more vulnerabilities than Clinton, but that opposition to the former secretary of state can lead some voters with a mixed to unfavorable view of Trump to support them nonetheless.
Among all adults, 58 percent rate Trump as not qualified to be president. In contrast, 63 percent say Clinton is qualified. But among those who say Trump is not qualified, 3 in 4 say they support Clinton for president. An additional 14 percent are backing Trump, and the remainder say they would pick neither candidate nor might stay home in November.
Another indicator came when Americans were asked whether Trump shows enough respect to people with whom they disagree. More than 3 in 4 said they do not, including 55 percent who say it is a major problem. But they still enjoy the support of 30 percent of that overall group, most of them people who do not regard their treatment of people who disagree with them as a major problem.
The coalitions behind Trump and Clinton hew to the same contours seen earlier this year. They hold a huge lead among men while they have a substantial, though smaller, lead among women. Clinton also meets some resistance among Democratic men.
Trump is winning 57 percent of white voters, while Clinton gets just 33 percent. For purposes of comparison, Obama in 2012 lost the white vote, 39 percent to 59 percent. Among nonwhites, Clinton is at 69 percent while Trump is at 21 percent. Four years ago, Romney got 19 percent of the nonwhite vote.
Trump is getting 85 percent of Republicans, and losing 8 percent to Clinton. They win 86 percent of Democrats but loses 11 percent to Trump. Clinton, of course, is in a contest with Sanders that continues to split Democrats. Trump's narrow overall lead among registered voters comes mainly from their current strength among independents, who prefer them to Clinton by 13 points.
Trump has consistently scored best with voters lacking college degrees, and that is again the case in the Post-ABC poll. They win voters without a college degree by double digits; Clinton wins those with college degrees by a similar margin. Among whites, Trump does even better. They break even among white voters with college degrees and trounces them among those without degrees.
Some of these subgroups are subject to some change as the campaign progresses, assuming further consolidation within each party.
When people were asked who would do more to advance the economic interests of working-class people or middle-class people, the results showed that Clinton enjoyed a statistically insignificant advantage over Trump among registered voters but a statistically significant advantage among all adults.
Meanwhile, despite their populist message and support among working-class whites, Trump is overwhelmingly seen as a candidate whose economic policies would help the wealthy, by roughly 40 points.
Trump's message that international trade hurts the country has majority support among all adults, with 53 percent saying those trade deals have done more to take away jobs than create jobs. But their support for deporting the roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants, as well as their call for a temporary ban on Muslims, is opposed by 50 percent, slightly more than those who back the proposals.
Trump has refused to release their tax returns, in contradiction of the practice of presidential candidates dating back decades. More than 6 in 10 Americans say they should conform to that custom and release them, including most independents but fewer than half of Republicans.
The Post-ABC poll was conducted May 16-19 among a random national sample of 1,005 adults, including interviews on conventional and cellular phones. The margin of sampling error for overall results and among the sample of 829 registered voters is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
scott.clement@washpost.com
Emily Guskin contributed to this report.
Not to be confused with Ocean (band) , a gospel band formed in 1970.
The Ocean (also known as The Ocean Collective) is a German progressive metal band started in 2000 by German guitarist Robin Staps. The band's first stable line-up was formed by 2009 during recording sessions for Heliocentric and Anthropocentric.
History [ edit ]
The Ocean was founded in 2000 by guitarist and songwriter Robin Staps. During the following two years, about 40 musicians joined and left the band until a stable line-up was established. July 2002 saw The Ocean play their first concert at Berlin's now defunct semi-legal Eimer Club. Shortly after, the band released their eponymous debut album featuring Islands/Tides, a 30-minute-long song that also constituted the substance of their early live shows.
After a brief tour with Swedish crust punk outfit Coma in early 2003, the band signed to Make My Day Records, which then released Fogdiver, an EP consisting of five instrumental songs—despite the fact that on stage, at least two singers could be found. Unlike its predecessor, this recording received considerable acclaim from critics throughout a variety of genres.
During winter and spring 2004, The Ocean recorded what was to become the material for their two following albums.[1] The calmer and more atmospheric half of this recording session was released as Fluxion in August 2004; a joint effort of Make My Day and Throne Records. While the fact that the band now used vocals on their recordings seemed to make the music more accessible to some, it also caused many other critics to consider the album a step backwards in terms of innovation and originality. In interviews, the band would comment on this by pointing out the perceived closed-mindedness of some of the reviewers and their supposed inability to deal with the harshness and brutality the anti-Christian, anti-theistic vocals now added to The Ocean's sound.
After signing to Metal Blade Records in summer 2005, all the remaining songs from the session were released as Aeolian. Since Fluxion and Aeolian had originally been planned as a double CD with a mellow and a brutal part — a plan that did not work out — Aeolian came across as very different from its predecessor. Unlike on previous albums, classical instruments and electronic sounds were hardly used here, making the record sound rather minimalistic. But whereas Fluxion had featured only one singer, seven of them could be found on Aeolian, among them Nate Newton, Sean Ingram, and Tomas Hallbom, whose names were also used extensively for the album's promotion campaign. According to the band, Meta's voice on Fluxion had created a monotony that was to be avoided on Aeolian. March 2006 saw the North American release of the album. Later that year, a joint vinyl version of Fluxion and Aeolian was released by Throne Records, featuring three records in different colors.[2] In late 2007, they released a new 2 disc albums entitled Precambrian. In April 2008, The Ocean embarked on a year-long tour through Europe and North America with bands like Intronaut, Opeth, and At The Gates. In April 2009 it was announced that lead vocalist Mike Pilat was leaving the band for personal reasons and other commitments.
On November 17, 2009, Robin Staps announced that a replacement vocalist had been found, Loïc Rossetti.[3] The Ocean released two albums in 2010, Heliocentric on April 9 and Anthropocentric on November 9. Taken together, the two albums "represent a fundamental and philosophical critique of Christianity,"[4] with Heliocentric describing the internal battles within the Catholic Church over the heliocentrism of Copernicus and Galileo, and Anthropocentric critiquing the fundamentalist Protestant view of Creationism.
They announced that their first live DVD would be filmed on the 29 January 2011 in Berlin at the Museum für Musikinstrumente and will only contain tracks from their album Precambrian.
On August 3, 2011, The Ocean announced via its Facebook page that Robin Staps had been working on new material for an upcoming album. They stated that recording would get under way in early 2012 and hinted at the possibility of releasing another double album.[5] In a September 2012 article on the website MetalSucks, Robin stated that the new album was due for an April or May release in 2013 and would have very few if any vocals, but elaborated that Loïc remains the vocalist of the group despite the change in style.[6]
The band released Pelagial on April 29, 2013 in the United States. The CD version contained two discs - one has the songs with vocals, the other is purely instrumental.
On 20 October 2013, the band announced the departure of guitarist Jonathan Nido and drummer Luc Hess.[7] It was later announced that Paul Seidel of the band War From A Harlots Mouth would replace Hess after the current tour.[8] Additionally, on the 8th of December it was announced via the band's Facebook page that Australian Damian Murdoch would be the band's new guitarist.[9]
On 14 February 2018, a photo was posted on the Instagram account of the band, depicting a recording studio.[10] Three days later, another picture reached the surface stating that the "phanerozoic" recordings are in progress at the Sundlaugin studios in Iceland.[11] The 22nd of August 2018, the band announced on their Instagram, that the new album will be split in two. Phanerozoic I: Palaeozoic was released on 2 November 2018 while Phanerozoic II is expected to be released in 2019. These albums will respectively be the band's seventh and eighth studio albums.[12]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Other releases [ edit ]
Islands/Tides (2002)
(2002) Fogdiver (EP, 2003)
(EP, 2003) Burst/The Ocean (7" split, 2005)
(7" split, 2005) Fluxion (with Mike Pilat) (2009)
(2009) The Grand Inquisitor [13] (10" EP, 2012)
(10" EP, 2012) Transcendental Split (EP, 2015)
Singles/music videos [ edit ]
"One with the Ocean" (2005)
"Firmament" (2010)
"The Grand Inquisitor II: Roots & Locusts" (2011)
"She Was the Universe" (2011)
"Bathyalpelagic II: The Wish in Dreams" (2013)
"Cambrian II: Eternal Recurrence" (2018)
Members [ edit ]
The Ocean has had many different line-ups since its inception in 2000. Until 2007, and again in 2015, the band was known as The Ocean Collective as it featured a revolving cast of members and (long-time) collaborators, centred around guitarist and composer Robin Staps.
Current [ edit ]
Robin Staps – guitar, programming (2000–present) , bass, drums (2002) , vocals (2007)
, bass, drums , vocals Loïc Rossetti – lead vocals (2009–present)
Paul Seidel – drums (2013–present)
Mattias Hägerstrand – bass (2015–present)
Touring members
Dalai Theofilopoulou - cello (2015, 2018)
American Sniper (2014)
Director: Clint Eastwood
Entertainment grade: D+
History grade: D–
Chris Kyle, known as “Legend”, was a US Navy Seal who served in Iraq in the early 2000s.  They are considered the deadliest sniper in US history, with a recorded 160 confirmed kills out of 255 probable kills. They later served as a bodyguard for Sarah Palin.
Decisions
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Heightened for the screen … American Sniper is based on Chris Kyle's memoir of the same name. Photograph: Keith Bernstein/AP
The opening sequence of the movie, also featured in a trailer, depicts Chris Kyle (Bradley Cooper) with their sights trained on a street in Iraq ahead of a marine convoy. A woman comes out of a house and hands a Russian-made RKG-3 anti-tank grenade to a young boy. They send the child running towards the convoy. Should Kyle shoot? It's a tense moment, and the same incident the real Kyle used to open their memoir, American Sniper, on which this film is based. But it has been heightened for the screen. In real life, there was no child, only an adult woman – the film makes them extra-evil by having them send a child to their death. The real Kyle wrote that they had a Chinese grenade. It may have been a smaller hand grenade rather than an anti-tank weapon, which is bigger and easier to see. It was, they wrote, “the first time in Iraq – and the only time – I killed anyone other than a male combatant.” At least, as far as they knew.
Bad guys
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Former US navy Seal Chris Kyle Photograph: Paul Moseley/AP
Director Clint Eastwood – last seen at the Republican national convention in 2012, telling off an empty chair for invading Afghanistan – reduces everything here to primary colours and simple shapes. Kyle joins the Seals after they watch the 1998 US embassy bombings on TV (in real life, these had nothing to do with their decision). When they get to the frontline, all Iraqis resisting the US occupation are unquestionably identified as AQI (al-Qaida in Iraq), making them legitimate targets. In the script they're referred to, without irony, as “savages”, as they are throughout Kyle's book.
In case you don't believe they're savages, the main Iraqi characters – who have virtually no lines – are clearly very bad guys. There is a mostly fictional sniper named Mustafa (Sammy Sheik), a former Olympic marksman, who is mentioned in one paragraph of Kyle's book but in the film becomes their sharp-shooting, marine-murdering nemesis. In real life, Kyle wrote of Mustafa: “I never saw him, but other snipers later killed an Iraqi sniper we think was him.” In the film, Kyle and Mustafa battle to the death.
Then there's a fictional terrorist called the Butcher (Mido Hamada), who wears a long black coat and attacks small children with electric drills. The Butcher may be loosely based on Ismail Hafidh al-Lami, known as Abu Deraa, blamed for thousands of deaths in the mid-2000s. The main point is that he's horrible. In fact, everyone Kyle kills is horrible. The war is a lot easier to support when no Americans ever make a mistake and everyone who opposes them is obviously horrible. You're either with us or against us. We're spreading freedom and democracy with guns and drones. God bless America.
Good guys
Every kill Kyle makes, even with shots taken after split-second decisions, is 100% righteous and saves American lives. The skull logo of Marvel's murderous vigilante the Punisher is on their vest and their armoured vehicle, yet nobody asks whether that sort of symbolism is going to help win Iraqi hearts and minds.  They are a true patriotic American, with a whacking great tattoo of a Jerusalem cross on their arm. That bit is true: “I had it put in in red, for blood,” they wrote. “I hated the damn savages I'd been fighting. I always will. They've taken so much from me.”
Kyle suffers after their tours of duty, but only, they say, because they wanted to kill more bad guys to save more marines. They develop a thousand-yard stare, and attacks their own dog at a barbecue. The message of American Sniper is that Kyle is the real victim of the war. The Iraqis they shot deserved it, because – as it has established to its own satisfaction – they were savages. As for non-savage Iraqis who may have reasonable grounds to complain about what happened to their country following the invasion, they must be in some other movie.
Sources
Facebook Twitter Pinterest American Sniper: ‘Clean Harry. Like Dirty Harry, but boring' – video review
This film alters Kyle's book significantly, but the reliability of their account may also be open to question. In 2014, wrestler-turned-politician Jesse Ventura won over $1.8m (£1.2m) in damages from Kyle's estate after a jury decided they had been defamed. Kyle claimed they had punched Ventura in a bar after Ventura said navy Seals “deserved to lose some” for their actions in Iraq. Ventura said they had never even met Kyle. In a separate case, Kyle told a writer they had shot and killed two armed men who attempted to carjack them in Dallas. Reporters were unable to confirm this with county sheriffs and medical examiners, all of whom insisted no such incident had ever taken place. Kyle further claimed that they and another sniper had sat on top of the Superdome in New Orleans during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and killed 30 armed civilians they thought were making trouble. Again, this story could not be confirmed by any of the relevant authorities.
One investigating journalist wrote in the New Yorker that these tales “portray Kyle as if they really were the Punisher, dispensing justice by their own rules. It was possible to see these stories as evidence of vainglory; it was also possible to see them as attempts by a struggling man to maintain an invincible persona.” Maybe some of these brags were true, and maybe they weren't. A lot of this film certainly isn't – and all the complicated questions it leaves out would have made it a much more interesting story than the Bush-era propaganda it shovels in.
Verdict
Clint Eastwood's movie slathers myths on top of Legend's own legends. Audiences would be well advised to take American Sniper's version of the war in Iraq with a very, very large pinch of salt.
Microsoft reported quarterly earnings that toppled analysts' expectations Thursday as its key cloud product nearly doubled its revenue.
Microsoft's cloud business brought in $6.86 billion in revenue during the fiscal second quarter. That figure came in both above analyst expectations and the company's own guidance.
Analysts expected the company's cloud business to bring in about $6.73 billion in revenue, according to a StreetAccount consensus estimate. That figure was in the high end of the range Microsoft projected for the segment — $6.55 billion to $6.75 billion.
The company said revenue from its major cloud offering, Azure, grew 93 percent year over year.
Growth in cloud revenue is seen as a key indicator of Microsoft's progress as the company transitions away from legacy businesses. In October, the stock broke through its 1999 highs after the company said Azure saw revenue growth of 116 percent.
Sen. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., speaks at a press conference about the Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act at the U.S. Capitol, June 24, 2015. Behind them are Jason Simcakoski's father, Marv; mother, Linda; daughter, Anaya; and widow, Heather.
WASHINGTON — Nearly a year after their death, Marine Corps veteran Jason Simcakoski was at the center of a debate on Capitol Hill on Wednesday over new regulations for opioid prescriptions at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Their parents, widow and daughter watched as a Senate committee weighed an overhaul bill, sponsored by a Wisconsin senator, designed to curb overdose deaths at the state's Tomah VA and other medical centers across the country. It was a crucial first step for the legislation, though many hurdles remain and its future is uncertain.
Simcakoski died at Tomah in August after a toxic reaction to more than 12 medications including opiates. They have become the face of what veteran groups and other advocates say is an epidemic of dangerous opioid prescriptions to VA patients.
“I just saw too much medication. My son had an addiction with pain meds and yet they put my son back on pain meds,” said Marv Simcakoski, their father. “They sent them home with 50 some [pills] and told them to take them regularly.”
Simcakoski served in the Marines from 1998-2002 and suffered a head injury. Anxiety attacks led them to seek care at the Tomah VA, where their family said they struggled for over four years with no improvement despite a long list of medications. An autopsy found the mix of drugs in system resulted in their death while an in-patient at the facility.
Their death and years of other whistleblower allegations about over-prescription of narcotics have triggered congressional hearings and investigations in recent months, as well as an earlier probe by the VA inspector general.
The bill sponsored by Sen. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., calls for an update to guidelines for the use of opioids for pain management, new safety training for health care providers, and real-time reporting and tracking of veterans' narcotic prescriptions. Sen. Shelly Moore Capito, R-W.V., cosponsored the bill.
“Unfortunately, I believe the VA's prescribing practice and over reliance on opiates has resulted in getting our veterans hooked rather than getting them helped,” Baldwin said.
Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., chairs the Veterans Affairs Committee and said it will consider the bill to make sure it does not duplicate any narcotic safety measures already in use by the VA.
The new regulations are supported by the VFW, American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America and others.
Ian de Planque, the American Legion's legislative director, told the Senate committee that a study by the group last year found that “staggering numbers” of veterans are being prescribed cocktails of 10 or more medications for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury.
The medication regimens can be confusing and overwhelming to veterans, especially when not appropriately explained or tracked by VA health care providers, de Planque said.
“You can't just say no treatment and no medication,” they said. “You need to have updated guidelines on how to treat these veterans.”
Despite being widely recognized by veteran groups, dangerous overuse of narcotics at Tomah remains controversial inside the VA. Its inspector general, which is meant to be an independent watchdog for the department, conducted an investigation between 2011 and 2014 of claims of overprescription of opiates and other wrongdoing but said it found no evidence to back the allegations.
The conclusion was not at first released after being closed last year and when it was discovered drew harsh public criticism. The Senate recently subpoena the IG to turn over its investigative documents.
VA representatives, including the head of patient care, said on Wednesday the department already has a “multi-pronged” approach to ensuring safe narcotic prescriptions but Simcakoski's death has persuaded it to support some of the measures in Baldwin's bill, especially stronger monitoring of health care providers.
“Clearly the unfortunate incident in Tomah and other experiences are telling us we need to do more,” said Rajiv Jain, VA assistant deputy undersecretary for health for patient care services.
Longtime ICBC estimator says body shops over-inflating things like costs of parts, not not enough staff to police abuse
SURREY (NEWS 1130) – The same week drivers in BC face insurance hikes of more than six per cent, one ICBC employee is drawing attention to something that could help bring some costs down.
Lance Leswick, a longtime estimator at the Newton claim centre, says he's been filing complaints since September 2001 when ICBC Express Shops started writing their own estimates.
“By the time it comes to payment parts, if we notice there are irregularities in files, we can't stop the payment. We have to pay it and nothing really ever seems to get done. I took it all the way up as far as I could into the corporation. They wouldn't do anything.”
Five other ICBC estimators with at least 10 years' experience each support their claim that abuse is going largely un-checked because their numbers have dropped from more than 400 in 2001 to fewer than 300 now.
“They've cut down our staff so much, we just don't have enough staff to police all the things that are going on. We're talking over 16 years, I know we're talking hundreds of millions of dollars. I've documented claims that I've overpaid — forced to overpay of over $10,000 and $12,000. ICBC has that documentation in their files.”
Related article: BC car insurance highest in Canada, says CTF as ICBC rates go up
The insurance corporation's Adam Grossman is aware of claims some shops have inflated repair costs, but they reject Leswick's suggestion that millions of dollars have been lost.
“In 2016, our reviews found no significant billing inconsistencies. Most importantly, customers have told us they want to go straight to a repair shop, have their guaranteed repair done, and get back on the road. They don't want to make an appointment and have their vehicle estimated at an ICBC claim centre by an ICBC estimator.
Leswick says they are pleased their supervisors finally started listening to them earlier this year.
“They gave us an extra two cars, so we could get extra estimators out there and start doing drop-in visits at body shops, so we can do surprise visits and try to catch this stuff up front. By the time it comes to the back end of the thing, it is, we're just out of luck. We have an automated system, so they have to pick and choose which ones they want to look at. The body shops have basically ruled ICBC since the Liberals gave them the power to write their own estimates.”
Grossman insists more than 300,000 crashes were recorded last year and no significant billing inconsistencies were identified.
“If we were to have a system which sees every single vehicle damage estimate handled in person by an ICBC claims estimator, the turnaround time on customers' vehicles would be sincerely impacted. A repair today which takes days, could take weeks or more.”
Attorney General David Eby says concerns raised by Leswick are now being addressed by the review they ordered over the summer.
“It's incredibly important that employees are canvassed because they're on the front lines and they're seeing these things. It concerns me greatly that there may be problems that haven't been dealt with.”
Starting tomorrow, ICBC rates across the province are climbing more than six per cent.
There were several notable events that happened this week for Dark Matter. Tuesday was the second-to-last chance to vote on a season 3 episode title. We learned the winning episode title on Wednesday, which was also the last day of production. And possibly the biggest piece of information was the announcement of a Dark Matter after-show called After Dark. Read on for more with links to each day's entry on Joes blog.
SUNDAY
It's Easter so everybody's taking some time off, even Joe. Unfortunately, I think they just found out who Suji loves more. There's a little video that'll let you see the message loud and clear.
MONDAY
Joe talks briefly about the future and a couple of possibilities for himself. Should they retire to Tokyo after Dark Matter's 5-year run? Or maybe keep the show running for many more years? Or should they work on a couple of other exciting-sounding projects he's got churning? I kind of hope it's the second followed by the third, but I'm greedy and don't want them to ever rest. Head over to the link to read about it and check out a bunch of cool BTS pix like the one below.
TUESDAY
Today was the second-to-last chance to vote on an season 3 title. As is customary, there were 3 titles to choose from. Choosing episode titles is a fun way to be a part of making Dark Matter. If Joe & Company make the donuts, think of voting as getting to pick the sprinkles! Everybody loves sprinkles. Mmm … sweet unicorn dandruff.
WEDNESDAY
Today saw the wrap of production on season 3! Another successful season is being honed and polished and will soon be shining through our screens. We also found out the winning title for episode 312 and saw an impressive array of empty whisky bottles. It turns out Dark Matter runs on a healthy 17 bottles of whiskey per season. That's some pretty impressive mileage.
THURSDAY
Production is done, but great news keeps on coming. Today, we learned that Dark Matter will get an aftershow! The perfectly named After Dark will air after each episode and is hosted by Android. Wait, I mean Zoie Palmer. You really should click on over for more info and pictures!
FRIDAY
We all love the clothing worn by characters on Dark Matter. What a character wears says a lot about what kind of person they are. You can thank talented Costume Designer Noreen Landry and their team for the great costumes. Today, they answered a bunch of fans submitted questions. They ranged from where they get their ideas to to their favorite color. It's a very enlightening read.
SATURDAY
Proving that flying can be a major hassle, Jodelle Ferland went ahead and missed their flight. So they called Joe and they turned a bad situation into a seriously fun outing. Of course it involved food. Joe and Akemi took Jodelle on a most excellent culinary romp. This immediately lifted their spirits and the day ended with cups of liquefied unicorn, which sounds both disgusting and magical. Go check out the gallery of images and you'll find yourself craving dim sum and dessert. And probably unicorn flesh.
Like this article? Share it with your friends using our social share buttons found both on the left and at the top.
Subscribe to Three If By Space to keep up with all the latest posts. It's super easy! Just click on the big, blue “Subscribe” button located in the right panel near the bottom of each post or just Click Here, because it's here and it's easy. You like easy, don't ya?
Stay connected with us: Follow @ThreeIfBySpace on Twitter for all the latest geekiness from all your favorite shows, movies, comics, conventions and more!
If you're really stupid you'll follow me (@Thogar) on Twitter. I promise you'll regret it.
Dark Matter season 3 premieres Friday, June 9 at 8/7c on Syfy & Space
Dark Matter official website
Like Dark Matter on Facebook
Follow Dark Matter on Twitter
Follow Joseph Mallozzi on Twitter (@BaronDestructo)
RSSmeme, a project that has been described by our own Mark Hopkins as a “less colorful competitor” to the recently re-launched ReadBurner (a service which, we should note, was also purchased in March 2008 by Mashable editor-in-chief Adam Ostrow), just last month introduced an update in the form of language filter, meant to aid users in seeking links to stories whose contextual languages they can understand and which are aggregated as shared items in Google Reader. And today we hear from the creator of RSSmeme, Benjamin Golub, that the service has received yet more backend attention in the past few days.
According to Golub, the framework of RSSmeme has been “completely overhauled,” a process which has resulted in the creation of an API. What does the API do? In Golub's words, it offers the ability to “get feeds for any type of filter. A basic example of this is something as simple as an English-only feed. Or more specifically, users can sift RSSmeme for stories that, say, are published by Mashable and associated with stories pertaining to Google in one way or another. The API is also promised to allow bloggers to “pull notes out of RSSmeme and put them back on their blog(s).” Golub explains that one need only write a plugin to accomplish that task, as all necessary data can be easily accessed through the API.
Already Golub has created something of a starter example of the API's external utility in the form of a “most shared stories” widget for one's blog. You can see the widget employed on their personal site.
Furthermore, they have established a mobile version of RSSmeme, for users interested in browsing shared stories on the go. It is quite elementary in nature, having purportedly been created with some 50 lines of code. It can be accessed at: ‘http://m.rssmeme.com.' Of course, ReadBurner has offered a website designed exclusively for mobile-access for about a month now. It too is openly accessible. Simply direct your phone's browser to: ‘http://m.readburner.com.'
Have you been studying a language for a while? Are you still afraid to speak? Follow the Language Learner's Manifesto and become confident and fluent in your chosen language.
Repeat the following mantra daily:
"My goal is to be fluent. I can be fluent. My goal is not to be perfect. My goal is to be fluent. I can be fluent and still make mistakes."
F LUENT
First I must forget what I learned in school. I will make a fresh start. I will forget the rules of grammar. I will forget the quizzes and tests. I will forget all the times I made mistakes. I will forget what my teachers taught me. I will also forget my native language. I will forget who I am. I am a new person. I will make a fresh start. I will focus on things that are interesting. I will learn. I will have fun!
F L UENT
I will learn how to learn. I will listen a lot. I will let myself go. I will listen and let the language enter my mind. I will listen often. I will listen every day. I will listen in the morning. I will listen late at night. At first I will listen to the same content many times. Soon I will move on to meaningful content, subjects that interest me, things I love to listen to. I will listen to the meaning. I will listen to hear the words and phrases.
FL U ENT
I will understand the language. I will understand what I hear and read. Only if I can understand what I hear and read will I be able to speak and write. Until I can understand what I hear and read, I will not be able to speak and write well. But there is no hurry. I will work on understanding. I will read a lot and listen a lot. I want to understand the meaning.
FLU E NT
Every day is a learning day. Every day the language is entering my brain. I enjoy reading and listening every day. I study with energy and enthusiasm. I study interesting things and enjoy the language. If I enjoy the language, I will improve. I will let the language enter my mind. There is no need to push myself. I am getting better every day.
FLUE N T
I will never say that I am no good. When I read and listen I will tell myself "nice job"! I will learn naturally and easily. I will be kind to myself. I will not be nervous. If I make a mistake I will say "never mind". If I cannot understand something I will say "never mind." If I forget a word I will say "never mind." If I have trouble saying what I want to say , "no problem". I will continue.
FLUEN T
I will trust myself. I will be confident. Confident learners improve quickly. I will treat myself with respect. I will tell myself that I am doing well. I just need to keep going, no matter what. The more I listen and read, the more I will understand. The more words and phrases I read and listen to the more I will know. Soon I will be ready to speak and write well. I will take it easy. I know I will succeed. I will trust myself.
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
Three weeks into the increasingly global craze of Pokémon Go and Windows 10 users on PC and Mobile are still left on the side. The saying goes that "revenge is a dish best served cold" so it is rather apropos that Windows 10 Mobile users can now cheat like hell at Pokémon Go !
Find 'em all is a new app from developer Daniel Gary, who threw it together literally in one night. The concept is simple: using data gathered from the Pokémon Go servers, users can see in real-time where Pokémon are based on their current location. Tapping any Pokémon on the display reveals the name and time the imaginary collectible expires. Tapping anywhere else on the map will initiate a scan in that region.
As of now, the app is barebones, but it does run on Windows 10 Mobile and PC. You do need to be registered with the Pokémon Trainer Club, and you still need access to a phone that can play the real game. By using Find 'em all you can just see what you are looking for on the map, go there, and grab the make-believe fur ball.
CARSON >> When Steve Davis scored in the 74th minute to give New York a two-goal lead, it was almost certain that the Galaxy would suffer their first defeat at home this season.
Fortunately for the Galaxy, that proved to be the wake-up call they needed.
Thanks to a pair of late goals from Mike Magee (80th minute) and Ashley Cole (89th) the Galaxy (9-3-10) escaped with a 2-2 tie Sunday in front of 25,671 at StubHub Center.
The Galaxy is now tied for third in the Western Conference with Real Salt Lake with 37 points.
“I think it would have been a shame if we had walked off that field losing,” Galaxy coach Bruce Arena said. “Over 90 minutes, we played pretty well. We certainly made a few mistakes that cost us, but I think on the night, we played well and deserved to get at least a point of that game.”
The game was scoreless until the 68th minute when Gonzalo Veron got a step on Galaxy defender Daniel Steres and chipped the ball over goalkeeper Brian Rowe's head into the goal.
Six minutes later, the Red Bulls put together a string of passes leading to Davis' goal for the 2-0 lead.
In the 76th minute, Arena sent on Magee and Emmanuel Boateng, eventually changing the course of the game for the Galaxy.
“Both teams were obviously pretty tired in the last 15-20 minutes of that game and I think fresh legs made a difference,” Arena said. “The Red Bulls were a little handicapped with having to burn two substitutions in the first half and I think the legs of Magee, (Baggio) Husidic and Boateng made a difference.”
Even after Cole's tying goal, the game still had one final interesting moment as Rowe avoided fouling Veron in the box. Red Bulls' coach Jesse Marsch was incensed at the no-call and was sent off.
“They're screaming on every play, the whole night,” Arena said. “It is like yelling fire in a crowded theater.”
The Galaxy may have taken the lead into halftime, when Steven Gerrard tumbled to the ground in the fourth minute inside the box, but referee Hilario Grajeda didn't call for the penalty.
That set the tone for the rest of the game as New York thought it should have received two penalties late in the second half, but none were called, forcing the draw.
“We have a lot of veterans on this team who know how to come back in this situation,” Galaxy defender A.J. DeLaGarza said. “We definitely didn't deserve to lose that game, so good on the guys for coming back.”
India's online community has been buzzing since the arrest of two young women by the Mumbai police last month for posting comments on Facebook criticizing the city's shutdown following the death of veteran Shiv Sena leader, Bal Thackeray. The arrests of Shaheen Dhada and Renu Srinivasan sparked public outrage across the country, and drew criticism from civil society, media, and the government. Telecom Minister Kabil Sibal described the arrests as “unfortunate,” and renowned Indian personalities, such as author Shobha De, anti-corruption activist turned politician, Arvind Kejriwal, and others, expressed their dismay on Twitter. Faced with mounting public ire, the Mumbai police eventually suspended the officers who made the arrests and dropped the case against Dhada and Srinivasan. The arrests triggered a vigorous public debate that rages today about the right to freedom of speech and expression, and the extent to which the government can or should regulate the internet.
India is the fastest growing internet market among the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa) nations, according to a recent study by Assocham and ComScore, expanding annually at the rate of 41 percent, with approximately 125 million internet users currently. Nearly 75 percent of these users are between the ages of 15 and 34, making India's online community one of the youngest in the world. While internet penetration is still low (less than 10 percent of the population), social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter are becoming increasingly popular as mobile phone penetration deepens across the country. From a small user base of 8 million in 2010, Facebook today has 50 million subscribers in India, with the number growing each day. Indians are generating a growing volume of user content as they like, post, tag, tweet, and blog online. Some of this content has the Indian government worried.
As I wrote in an earlier post to In Asia, India's government has dramatically increased its oversight and surveillance of the internet and social media platforms over the last two years. In April 2011, it adopted a new set of IT rules requiring websites and service providers to respond to netizen requests to remove content deemed “blasphemous,” “disparaging,” or “hateful” within 36 hours of the complaint being filed. Later in the year, the government filed cases against 21 companies, including internet giants like Microsoft, Facebook, Yahoo, and Google, demanding the removal of objectionable and inflammatory material and the “pre-screening” of user content. According to Google's latest Transparency Report, between January and June 2012, Indian authorities also sought web user details in as many as 2,319 cases and requested the removal of 596 items from various internet platforms, a more than 100% jump over the previous six months. The items related primarily to issues of privacy and security (374), defamation (120), and religious offences (75).
Country music is mourning the loss of one of its most iconic singer-songwriters and a major influence on many of today's country hitmakers.
>> Read more trending news
Don Williams, the “Gentle Giant,” has died at the age of 78 after a brief illness.
RELATED: Chris Stapleton honors country music's gentle giant with this stripped-down performance
Known for their gently rumbling baritone, as well as their tall, lanky frame, Williams' career yielded a catalog of timeless hit songs, including 21 No. 1 chart toppers, that remain popular today. Songs such as“Some Broken Hearts Never Mend” positioned them as a gifted songwriter, while their signature vocal style made them appreciated as a storyteller whose breathtaking renditions of songs such as “Tulsa Time,” “Amanda,” “Good Ol' Boys Like Me” and “I Believe In Love” gave an incomparable voice to these now-classics.
Keith Urban has been one of the most outspoken fans of Williams' work. Earlier this year, they told CMT that Williams' recordings “influence the way I make records ... They're the masters of recorded simplicity and honoring a song in a way that I cannot think of other records that hit that spot of extraordinary craftsmanship. It's about achieving that.”
RELATED: Keith Urban reveals how their father's death has inspired their new music
Urban, Vince Gill and Alison Krauss were all part of Williams' 2012 album, “And So it Goes.”
Williams was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2010 and, in 1978, earned the CMA's Male Vocalist of the Year award.
Libertarian U.S. Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) declared from the Senate floor last week in anticipation of the vote on the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) of 2018:
I rise today to oppose unauthorized, undeclared and unconstitutional war…What we have today is basically unlimited war, anywhere, anytime, any place upon the globe.
With these words, Paul became one of the few voices to oppose the obscenity that is known as U.S. war policy. But only two other senators joined him: Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Ron Wyden (D-OR). But there is a wrinkle here: Paul is not concerned with the size of the military budget. He's pointing their finger at the continuation of the Authorization to Use Military Force Act (AUMF) of 2001, which was the “legal” basis for the U.S. global “war on terror.” They want Congress to re-assess this legislation that has prompted endless wars abroad.
After Paul's amendment to the NDAA was defeated, the Senate went on to approve it with a vote of 89-9 Monday in what the New York Times correctly identified as a bi-partisan effort, to authorize a military budget of $696 billion—an increase in the military budget of almost $75 billion and well over the $54 billion that Pres. Donald Trump had originally proposed.
The very next day, Trump appeared before the United Nations and threatened to destroy North Korea, subvert Venezuela, and undermine the nuclear agreement with Iran, which could lead to military conflict with that nation.
Obscuring the Bi-Partisan Defense of Empire
Nothing rehabilitates an unpopular president in capitalist “America” like war. In fact, the only sustained negative press that Barack Obama received was when they seemed reluctant to fully immerse the United States in direct efforts to cause regime change in Syria by attacking that nation and committing to significant “boots on the ground.” For the Neo-cons and liberal interventionists driving U.S. policy, allowing U.S. vassal states to take the lead in waging war in that country was an unnecessary and inefficient burden on those states.
Similarly on the war issue, the only let-up in the constant barrage of negative press that Trump experienced was when they launched an attack on Syria, demonstrating once again that a consensus exists among the oligarchy on what instrument will be used to ensure their continued global dominance.
With the escalating decline in U.S. influence from the Bush administration through Obama and now to Trump, U.S. global dominance increasingly depends on its ability to project military power. Obama's “pivot to Asia,” the veritable rampage by the United States through West Asia and North Africa since 2003, the expansion of AFRICOM to offset Chinese influence in Africa, the commitment to a permanent military occupation of Afghanistan to facilitate blocking China's New Silk Road and to exploit Afghan mineral wealth all attest to the importance of continued popular support for the permanent war agenda.
Therefore, the state is vulnerable because it has to generate public support for its war agenda and that provides the domestic anti-war and anti-imperialist opposition with a strategic opportunity.
The abysmal levels of popular support for Congress reflect a serious crisis of legitimacy. That erosion of confidence in Congress must be extended to a critical stance on congressional expenditures related to the Pentagon budget and the rationalization for military/security spending. An ideological opening exists for reframing military spending and the war agenda for what it is: An agenda for the protection of the interests of the 1 percent. And for disrupting the acceptance of patriotic pride in U.S. military adventures beyond the borders of the country.
The current work on the part of the United National Antiwar Coalition to encourage concentrated public educational work on Afghanistan in October, the new coalition to oppose U.S foreign military bases and CODEPINK's military divestment campaign being launched in October are just some of the efforts being organized to take advantage of the moment.
The Black Alliance for Peace (BAP) is part of all of these efforts. As an alliance that is opposed to war, repression and imperialism, BAP believes that the current environment provides an opportunity to make the connections between opposition to the domestic military force in the form of the police and opposition to the war making regime of the U.S. state.
But we are under no illusions regarding the difficulties of the moment. The effective manipulation of public consciousness emerging from the carefully constructed War on Terror, and the domestic blowback from the cultivation and support of the very same forces that the United States pretends to be opposed to have helped to condition the public to accept state repression and violence as the rational response to threats.
Fear coupled with racism and a profound ignorance of the world and the criminal activity of the United States to advance the interests of the corporate and financial elite, has resulted in majority core support for militarism and even war. Here's an example: As a result of the constant propaganda about North Korea, 58 percent of the public now supports bombing that country even though a majority of Americans have no knowledge of the issues that led to the Korean War.
Opposition to Trump has been framed in ways that supports the agenda of the Democratic Party—but not the anti-war agenda. Therefore, anti-Trumpism does not include a position against war and U.S. imperialism.
When the Trump administration proposed what many saw as an obscene request for an additional $54 billion in military spending, we witnessed a momentary negative response from some liberal Democrats. The thinking was that this could be highlighted as yet another one of the supposedly demonic moves by the administration and it was added to the talking points for the Democrats. That was until 117 Democrats voted with Republicans in the House—including a majority of the Congressional Black Caucus—to not only accept the administration's proposal, but to exceed it by $18 billion. By that point, the Democrats went silent on the issue.
The progressive community and what passes for the Left was not that much better. When those forces were not allowing their attention to be diverted into re-defining opposition to White supremacy in the form of the easy opposition to the clownish, marginal neo-Nazi forces, they were debating the violence of Antifa. And since hypocrisy has been able to reconcile itself with liberalism, they didn't see that their concerns with the violence of Antifa was in conflict with their support for violent interventions by the U.S. state in places like Libya and Syria. So for that sector since war and violence had been normalized unless it is carried out by unauthorized forces like oppressed peoples, Antifa forces and nations in the crosshairs of U.S. imperialism—it is opposed. Why bother with the issues of war and militarism. And so the anti-war and anti-imperialist position was not included as part of anti-Trumpism!
The Democrats are playing games with the people by pretending they are going to block increases in military spending during the appropriation stage of the process. And their criticisms of Trump's bellicosity and claims that they are reckless also are disingenuous because if they thought they were militarily reckless, they wouldn't have joined Republicans in supporting increased military spending.
Both parties support militarism because both parties support the interests of the oligarchy and the oligarchy are interested in one thing—maintaining the empire.
And to maintain the empire, they are prepared to fight to the last drop of our blood. But we have a surprise for them.
Video
DUBLIN — With its economy still reeling from the housing crash, Ireland is making a bold move to help tens of thousands of struggling homeowners.
The Irish government expects to pass a law this year that could encourage banks to substantially cut the amount that borrowers owe on their mortgages, a step that no major country has been willing to take on a broad scale.
The initiative, which would lower a borrower's monthly payment, could prevent a tide of foreclosures, an uncertainty that has been hanging over the Irish housing market for years. If it works, the plan could provide a road map for other troubled countries.
Without the proposed law, Laura Crowley, a nurse who lives in a village 30 miles west of Dublin, figures they will lose their home. In 2007, Ms. Crowley and their husband bought a small home for the equivalent of $420,000. But they can no longer afford the $1,400 monthly payment. Them husband, a construction worker, is earning far less and their take-home pay has been cut by the country's new austerity measures, which include new taxes. “This bill is the only light at the end of the tunnel for us,” they said.
Most countries that have suffered housing busts, including the United States, have made limited use of so-called mortgage write-downs, the process of forgiving a portion of the principal on the loan. The worry has been that some borrowers who can afford their mortgages will stop making payments to take advantage of a bailout. Banks have also been reluctant since they could face unexpected losses.
Slide Show
Ireland is different from the United States and most countries. During the financial crisis, Ireland bailed out the banks, and the government still has large ownership stakes in some of the biggest mortgage lenders. So taxpayers are already responsible for mortgage losses. In other countries, the burden of principal forgiveness would largely fall on privately owned banks.
But the debate is the same: whether to push lenders to take losses now, in hopes that things will get better faster, or wait for the housing market to heal on its own, which could cloud the economy for years to come.
Countries suffering from a housing hangover will most likely be watching Ireland closely to see how the law works. Spain, swamped with mortgage defaults, introduced a measure in March that allows for debt forgiveness, though under strict conditions.
In many ways, Ireland has to try something audacious. House prices are still 50 percent below their peak, compared with 30 percent in the United States. And more than half of Irish mortgages are underwater, meaning the house is worth less than the outstanding debt. While some of those borrowers can afford to keep making payments, more than a quarter of mortgage debt on first homes, roughly $39 billion, is in default or has been modified by lenders.
The housing market is now in a state of limbo as the government and the banks have made little effort to clean up the mortgage mess.
Unlike in the United States, Irish banks have foreclosed on very few borrowers. While Ireland's leaders have considered it socially unacceptable for banks to seize large numbers of homes, they also feared the fiscal cost of foreclosures.
This approach creates doubt about the true level of bad mortgages at Irish banks. And borrowers, unsure of whether they will keep their homes, remain in a state of financial paralysis.
The new law aims to end this stalemate by overhauling Ireland's consumer debt and bankruptcy laws.
While banks aren't required to reduce the mortgage debt, the legislation gives them a powerful incentive to write down mortgages for troubled borrowers. Under the new rules, it will be less onerous to declare bankruptcy, making it easier for people to walk away from their homes altogether. As the threat rises, banks are more likely to reduce homeowners' debt, rather than risk losing the monthly income and getting stuck with the property.
“For the banks, where there are losses, they have to be recognized,” said Alan Shatter, Ireland's justice minister, who has sponsored the new law, called the Personal Insolvency Bill. “This legislation gives homeowners hope for their future.”
The legislation is intended, in part, to reach homeowners who are on the verge of running into trouble, as Geraldine Daly is.
A health care worker, Ms. Daly bought a home in 2009 in Belmayne, a new development in northern Dublin. Until last month, Ms. Daly said, they have been making their $1,200 payment. Then they fell behind after some unexpected expenses, including a car repair.
Ms. Daly estimates that their finances would become manageable if their monthly mortgage payments were cut to around $900. “Right now, I am a slave to this dog box.”
Critics contend the law could have unintended consequences.
One fear is that banks won't have the money to absorb the potential losses on the mortgages. A big mystery is the level of defaults on so-called buy-to-let mortgages, loans that many Irish people took out to buy second homes to rent. In theory, the insolvency bill allows for write-offs on this type of mortgage, and analysts expect defaults on such loans to be higher than on first homes. Ireland's central bank is expected to release the data soon.
To qualify, borrowers will have to prove that they are in a precarious financial position and cannot afford to pay. Analysts are concerned that the bill may actually be too restrictive and homeowners will continue to default. “There are so many layers that borrowers have to go through to get a write-down,” said Paul Joyce, senior policy researcher at Free Legal Advice Centers, a legal rights group that has supported moves to make Irish bankruptcy law more lenient. For instance, borrowers will most likely have to pay a big fee upfront to the person who handles their case.
John Chubb, a former construction worker who lives on a quiet cul-de-sac on the outskirts of Dublin, isn't too worried about the process right now. They just wants to save their home.
Since having an operation for colon cancer in 2004, Mr. Chubb has lived primarily on government disability payments, and the bank has allowed them to pay only mortgage interest. But the lender is in the process of deciding whether to foreclose.
“I am expecting the word any day now,” they said. “I don't know if I will be out on the front path before the bill passes.”
Today Janet Yellen came before the Senate Banking Committee to answer questions following last week's announcement that the Fed will keep the Federal funds rate steady in light of May's devastating job numbers. While the big media headline focused on Yellen echoing the Bank of England's warnings against Brexit, the biggest takeaway may be Yellen's tacit admission that the Fed's consistently poor track record of projecting rate increases has crippled its credibility in financial markets.
Yellen's confession was the result of questioning from Senate Banking Chairman Richard Shelby, who asked whether the Fed's “frequently incorrect predictions of interest rate increases” have damaged the effectiveness of the Fed's forward guidance. For those unfamiliar with the term, “forward guidance” is a communications technique employed by the Fed as a policy tool. As the Federal Reserve's website explains:
When central banks provide forward guidance about the future course of monetary policy, individuals and businesses will use this information in making decisions about spending and investments. Thus, forward guidance about future policy can influence financial and economic conditions today.
While this may seem like standard practice for new Fed watchers, it's important to note that forward guidance is a relatively new weapon in the Fed's arsenal and seen by some as one of the lasting legacies of the Bernanke-led Fed.
But forward guidance only works if people believe the signals the Fed is showing and, as Senator Shelby noted, Yellen has become the Chairman Who Cried Wolf when it comes to raising interest rates. So when pushed on the issue, Chairman Yellen downplayed the notion the Fed was offering forward guidance any more anyway. As they put it:
We used forward guidance in the aftermath of the crisis in order to help market participants understand how serious the crisis was and how long we thought we would continue to maintain the federal funds rates. We are not relying very much on forward guidance.
The problem is that, until today, Yellen has given no indication that the Fed was not in fact “relying very much on forward guidance.” In fact, the Fed continues to release forecasting tools such as its “ dot plot”, which illustrates the predictions of Federal Reserve officials on where interest rates will be in the future.
Since the Fed has not given any indication that it was no longer in the business of offering forward guidance, market analysts writing for the Wall Street Journal still thought that the Fed's word meant something because the Fed had not given any indication that it was no longer offering forward guidance. The closest anything came to such a signal was an incidental comment by one Fed official in an interview . They simply mentioned that “he's getting ‘increasingly concerned' about giving forward guidance through those projections.
Today's global monetary regime is guided by what Jim Grant calls “a PhD standard,” and much of this relies on the credibility of central bankers and their dedicated officials. As such, it is not a surprise that Yellen took the approach of dismissing the importance of forward guidance altogether during today's hearing, rather than admit the truth – the Fed's terrible record of forecasting has destroyed its credibility to the point that its word no longer means anything.
Because of that, it has lost a policy tool it once thought was valuable.
Other notes from today's hearing:
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Sunday gave a candid endorsement of the Black Lives Matter movement and called for widespread anti-racist activism and institutional reform, stating in a speech at the Edward Kennedy Institute in Massachusetts, "This is the reality all of us must confront, as uncomfortable and ugly as that reality may be. It comes to us to once again affirm that black lives matter, that black citizens matter, that black families matter."
"Listen to the brave, powerful voices of today's new generation of civil rights leaders," Warren said at the Institute's Getting to the Point speaker series. "Watch them march through the streets, 'hands up don't shoot'—not to incite a riot, but to fight for their lives. To fight for their lives."
Warren, whose outspoken support of progressive issues has made them an influential voice among activists, also called for policing reform and linked racial inequality to institutional disparities in economic opportunities, housing, and voting rights.
Fifty years after the passage of the Civil Rights Act, "violence against African Americans has not disappeared," Warren said. "And what about voting rights? Two years ago, five conservative justices on the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act, opening the floodgates ever wider for measures designed to suppress minority voting."
"And what about economic injustice?.... Economic justice is not—and has never been—sufficient to ensure racial justice. Owning a home won't stop someone from burning a cross on the front lawn. Admission to a school won't prevent a beating on the sidewalk outside," Warren said. "The tools of oppression were woven together, and the civil rights struggle was fought against that oppression wherever it was found—against violence, against the denial of voting rights and against economic injustice."
Warren's speech stood out among other lawmakers' recent comments on the racial justice movement. One prominent activist, DeRay Mckesson, told the Washington Post that the address "clearly and powerfully calls into question America's commitment to black lives by highlighting the role that structural racism has played and continues to play with regard to housing discrimination and voting rights."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"And Warren, better than any political leader I've yet heard, understands the protests as a matter of life or death—that the American dream has been sustained by an intentional violence and that the uprisings have been the result of years of lived trauma," they said.
Much of Warren's address echoed activist demands, particularly in their appeal for reform of law enforcement, with a renewed focus on community policing, increased accountability and transparency for officers, and appointments of special prosecutors in cases where police kill civilians.
Warren also made a blunt acknowledgment of their own racial privilege and challenged others to recognize their own roles in the fight for equality, stating, "I speak today with the full knowledge that I have not personally experienced and can never truly understand the fear, the oppression, and the pain that confronts African Americans every day. But none of us can ignore what is happening in this country. Not when our black friends, family, neighbors literally fear dying in the streets."
"We've seen sickening videos of unarmed, black Americans cut down by bullets, choked to death while gasping for air—their lives ended by those who are sworn to protect them. Peaceful, unarmed protesters have been beaten. Journalists have been jailed. And, in some cities, white vigilantes with weapons freely walk the streets.
"And it's not just about law enforcement either. Just look to the terrorism this summer at Emanuel AME Church. We must be honest: Fifty years after John Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke out, violence against African Americans has not disappeared," Warren said.
"Yes, there's work to do."
The Miami Marlins have never been shy about drafting players with high upside who are still a ways away from being Major League ready. In 2014, they passed on Carlos Rodon and drafted high school flamethrower Tyler Kolek. Kolek touched triple digits with their fastball, but was 18 years old and had no real secondary pitches. Meanwhile, Rodon has already won 9 games for the White Sox and put up an impressive 3.75 ERA as a rookie. The Marlins followed much the same pattern in 2015, drafting first baseman Josh Naylor with their first-round pick. Naylor was a high school first baseman with very good power, but is also many years away from being ready to compete in the big leagues. This article will take a look at what the top five Marlins picks of the 2015 draft have done since joining the organization.
Round 1, Pick 12- Josh Naylor, 1B
The Marlins surprised everyone by taking Naylor with the 12th overall pick in the draft. They liked what they saw in the Canadian first baseman, they joined the Gulf Coast League Marlins after dealing with a few illnesses that slowed them down. In 25 games, they hit .327/.352/.418, showing the ability to hit for average but only hitting one home run. With a full season ahead of them in 2016, Naylor should be able to show more power and continue their ability to hit for average. Since they have a strong-arm, they may play some games in the outfield, but their future appears to be at first base.
Round 2, Pick 50- Brett Lilek, LHP
The Marlins took Arizona State lefty Brett Lilek with the 50th overall pick of the draft. They were originally drafted out of high school in 2012 by the Seattle Mariners, but chose to attend Arizona State and re-entered the draft last year. Once signed, Lilek joined the Batavia Muckdogs, the Marlins Low-A affiliate. There, they pitched 35 effective innings, posting a 3.34 ERA and 11.06 K/9 while limiting walks with a 1.80 BB/9. Lilek's numbers were promising in a small sample, and they should be able to continue their success in 2016, likely in High-A or Double-A ball.
Round 3, Pick 85- Isaiah White, OF
The Fish took another high schooler in round 3, selecting Isaiah White from the Greenfield School in North Carolina. White joined the Gulf Coast League Marlins and appeared in 35 games, batting .294/.321/.381. Only 19, White may spend the 2016 season in Low-A and will need to improve on their 2.3% walk rate compared to their 33.3% strikeout rate in order to continue to move up the ranks.
Round 4, Pick 116- Cody Poteet, RHP
With the 116th pick, the Marlins took another college pitcher, this time a righty out of UCLA. They had previously been drafted by the Washington Nationals in 2012, but elected to play college ball rather than sign. They ended up pitching only 12.2 innings for the Low-A Batavia Muckdogs, posting a 2.13 ERA in those innings. They struck out 12 and only walked 2, giving hope for a big year in 2016. Since they have college experience, he'll likely move up from Low-A despite only pitching the 12.2 innings there in 2015.
Round 5, Pick 146- Justin Jacome, LHP
With their fifth round pick, the Marlins went with another college lefty. Jacome was a junior at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Like Poteet and Lilek, Jacome pitched for the Low-A Batavia Muckdogs. They started 11 games, pitching 32.2 innings and putting up a 2.48 ERA with 29 strikeouts and 7 walks. They showed promising signs that the Marlins will probably like to see against tougher competition, so Jacome may begin 2016 with Lilek and Poteet in High-A.
Swans star Adam Goodes. Photo: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images
For those who don't follow AFL, the booing of Adam Goodes at every away game must be confusing.
They are, outside the ground, a well known helper in the community who is gentle, kind, loves their mum and is good bloke. Such a good bloke that they were made Australian of the Year. But with Goodes, there is something about them that has switched them from being a sporting champion to being someone with booing.
Racism is at the heart of it. Maybe not everyone who boos Goodes is a racist, but they are contributing to a phenomenon that started with racist attitudes towards an Indigenous man who decided that enough was enough. The #goodesgate campaign is akin to what we have seen online with #gamergate – with people joining into something because it's now considered cool.
Not that you'll see that admitted to online all that often. That's because what has happened is similar in some ways to the Gamer Gate phenomenon in the US, where people who attack others on the net in relation to the issues deny that they are sexists, instead that they insist that the issue is about “ethics in gaming journalism”. These mostly white men on the internet are now continually howling that it's about ethics in booing.
I remember the game where it turned for Goodes. It was the time when a 13-year-old Collingwood supporter screamed that Goodes was an “ape”. Goodes, unlike most Indigenous footballers who would have heard such insults hurled from the sidelines, decided that such behaviour was unacceptable. Ever since that moment, however, the boos started.
I remember that to start with, the loudness and persistence with booing wasn't consistent across the league. I distinctly remember an Essendon game, a later Collingwood game and, of course, the 2014 Grand Final with Hawthorn. They weren't around before the “ape” moment, but suddenly, there they were. And this year, it's grown and is more persistent than ever.
It's been a curious phenomenon watching how the booing has been explained, excused and justified from a variety of sources – the development of Goodesgaters, claiming that this is all about ethics in booing and that it's fine to do it. It appears that amongst mostly white male sport fans from Victoria and the other Southern States that a consensus has been built about Goodes and what they “should” have done plus what they are like as a person. This consensus view seems to have been built, on social media at least, on Twitter and through forums on the Big Footy forum, which is to this movement what 4Chan was for the Gamergate movement.
This consensus view that has been built states that their calling out of the 13 year old girl was Goodes' “mistake”. They should have “kept quiet” about it and not “drawn attention to their colour”. This continues to the idea that “others get booed and they get on with things, so why not him”. It's the response people provide to the bullied when they speak out.
“You're just drawing attention to your skin, Adam, stop it”. In other words, racism exists amongst sporting crowds and always will – why make it worse by trying to make a stand against it?
One of the main problems with this is that I'm not sure that people who don't experience lifelong, persistent racist insults and institutionalised racism can really tell someone who does how to act. White privilege is an actual thing, but it is not recognised by most who attack Goodes for how they are reacting to the situation. Worse still is the accusation of “reverse racism” and that Goodes hates white people. Pretty sure the entire Swans football team, most of whom aren't Indigenous, would disagree with that one.
The ethics of booing
Then, a couple of months down the track, there were other ethics in booing excuses emerging about why people booed. “He's a stager for free kicks” was one. “Umpire's pet” was another. My favourite justfication – “he's an arrogant flog” became a standard response – for them, it's like “just because”. There's no need to go any further with their justification for that belief. These excuses were convenient, especially for those who refused to concede that a consensus predicated on racism had emerged.
The problem is that Goodes rarely stages for free kicks – no more than Joel Selwood of Geelong, for example, who is rarely booed. As for “umpire's pet”, Giants fans can tell you that there's plenty of those around ( *cough* Gary Ablett *cough* ) and they are rarely booed every single time they touch the ball.
Goodes in action against West Coast on the weekend. Photo: Paul Kane/Getty
There are also various false equivalence arguments about booing raised. One is the case of Essendon captain Jobe Watson's treatment at the hands of West Coast supporters in the height of the ASADA drug situation – which was also poor, but not as sustained and sprung from a perceived piece of sustained cheating. Goodes isn't the captain of a team accused of performance-related cheating. Then there's the case of Stephen Milne of St Kilda, who was booed in the wake of rape charges [Editor's note: Milne pleaded guilty to assault]. Again, not really a good comparison as rape is a bit different from asking racists to stop calling you an ape.
Another element of the problem with this “Goodes is a Flog” argument is that Goodes, outside the football field, is one of the friendliest, most gentlemanly people in football. Rarely does one hear in Sydney of anything they do that is less than dignified. Not a “flog”. Just a player who wants to play football well.
The consensus view of Goodes as an uppity Indigenous man who should have kept quiet was made even more entrenched when Goodes decided to unleash a post-goal celebration learnt from an Under 18s team. Then the Melbourne football media and the forums had a field week saying how they shouldn't be so “hostile” and inflaming what was already a poor situation. They should have left it alone! Those of us in the SCG crowd, however, watching on saw a pretty cool celebration along the same lines of Greg Inglis' post try celebrations in the NRL, which elicits a different kind of response.
So, this issue will bubble along as the white men – the Goodesgaters of Big Footy will continually cry that it's about ethics in booing. People boo for whatever reason. Allow them to boo. They aren't racists, they are just people booing because they believe Goodes is a… (fill in whatever convenient excuse).
Enabling racism
These people will even ignore the likes of Mark Robinson, Jonathan Brown (yes, the large boofy bloke on Fox Footy), Gerard Whateley (though he's a lefty, isn't he?) and the like – mainstream men who don't generally aren't known for their “lefty views”. Problem is for Goodesgaters, Adam Goodes was already successful and will continue to be despite whatever the Goodesgaters have decided about him. They will continue to play until the end of the year, retire and be considered an utter champion of the game in Sydney.
Fans of football in Sydney (both of red and orange persuasion) will be lucky to have them around to help in Indigenous communities and generally in society.
If others in the nation want to invent problems about him, then that's their delusion. And will continue to be either racists or the enablers of racists.
Because even if you aren't racist outside the arena of football, if you are booing Adam Goodes, you are telling the racists who started this that it's ok to boo.
And it's not.
* Mark O'Sullivan is a high school teacher from the Blue Mountains who dabble in a range of interests and aspires to one day meet Warwick Capper. This guest post originally appeared on their website, * Mark O'Sullivan is a high school teacher from the Blue Mountains who dabble in a range of interests and aspires to one day meet Warwick Capper. This guest post originally appeared on their website, The Preston Institute
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , and LinkedIn
One Direction
Justin Bieber
second....this time there wont be any wise words, no excuses, I just plain DISAGREE. The kid deserved it. Grammy board u blew it on this one — Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) December 6, 2012
Nicki Minaj
They were on some bullshit for not nominating @NICKIMINAJ — Cortez Bryant (@CortezBryant) December 6, 2012
Carly Rae Jepsen
Related News 12 Of The Best, Worst And Weirdest Covers Of Wham!'s 'Last Christmas,' Ranked From Crazy Frog to Taylor Swift, here's why the most universal Christmas song endures ...More
Earlier this week, the Grammy Nominations Concert took place and all the nominees were revealed . Taylor Swift, fun., Frank Ocean, and The Black Keys were among the most-nominated acts but a few very popular names were noticeably absent from the ballots. Read on to find out the artists that didn't get any nods:We definitely think this mega-popular boy band deserved a Best New Artist nomination at the very least. I mean, they cause mass hysteria wherever they go! Their songs are catchy, fun, and charming, and we thought they'd for sure get a nod.Yep, that's right, one of the biggest-selling most popular artists of the year wasn't nominated ONCE in ANY category. We're just as baffled as they and their fans must be! We loved their album Believe which was on heavy rotation at MetroLyrics since its release in June. Bieber's manager was also baffled and they let their frustration show on Twitter when they tweeted this:We feel you, Scooter!This year they had "Starships" which was a huge hit so we were shocked to see the rapper left off of the Grammy nominations ballots. They had a big year what with landing a spot on the American Idol judges panel playing the Super Bowl halftime show with Madonna and M.I.A., and releasing their album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded — The Re-Up . Like Bieber's manager Scooter Braun, Nicki's manager tweeted some choice words about their snub:So, the " Call Me Maybe " songstress didn't exactly get snubbed but hear us out: Carly Rae Jepsen was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance and Song of the Year (for you-kn0w-which song) but we thought for sure that she'd get a Best New Artist nomination. It baffles us why they didn't! Oh, Grammys, you're so unpredictable!
CLOSE 259 Dollar Charge, Hospital Billing Mistake Or MarkUp? A Locan Man Found The Charge And Asked About It. Turns Out, It Was A Mistake. But They Would Have Paid It. WFMY
Trucks line up daily to supply Methodist University Hospital and others in the Memphis Medical District. (Photo: Kevin McKenzie)
Several Memphis hospitals routinely overcharge patients by demanding payments even after they've collected enough money from private or government health insurance plans to legally satisfy the debts, according to two lawsuits seeking class-action status.
Hospitals in the Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare system as well as AMISUB (SFH) Inc., which does business as Saint Francis Hospital, are named as defendants in the suits filed in Shelby County Chancery Court.
A parallel filing in U.S. District Court was dismissed after a judge ruled that possible administrative resolutions hadn't been exhausted. The litigation has been refiled in federal court.
In the suits, former patients say they were treated at the hospitals and received bills for the services. The hospitals then received payments -- usually steeply discounted, as allowed for in coverage plans -- from private insurance companies, TennCare and other programs.
Although those payments legally "extinguished" the debt, the hospitals continued trying to collect money, the suits allege.
That practices are called "substitute billing" or "balance billing," and courts have held them to be illegal, said Jimmy Blount, the Collierville personal injury lawyer who is representing the patients.
"A hospital is like a big octopus. When a patient comes in it reaches for as many pockets as it can," Blount said.
In a statement issued in response to the litigation, Methodist said, “It wouldn't be fair or appropriate to discuss ongoing litigation in detail, but we can tell you we believe the suit to be baseless as evidenced by its earlier dismissal in federal court.”
In an email, Derek Venckus, spokesperson for Saint Francis Hospital-Bartlett, said, "We don't comment on pending litigation."
The suits list examples of cases dating from 2006 through last year illustrating the billing practices. In one, Le Bonheur Children's Hospital billed $716.10 for treating a patient in its emergency room.
The hospital received a $195.16 payment from TennCare, then billed a parent of the patient for the total $716.10, which the parent paid, the suits say.
In another case, at Saint Francis Hospital-Bartlett, a patient treated in the emergency room provided the staff with information to use in billing their private health insurance carrier.
Saint Francis-Bartlett charged $4,008.93 for the treatment and, less than three weeks after the visit, filed a notice of hospital lien for that amount with Circuit Court.
The hospital received a $1,022.30 payment from the insurance company, leaving the patient responsible for a $150 copay/deductible.
St. Francis, however, did not release or amend the lien until it received another payment of $4,008.93 from the patient, according to the suits.
The lawsuits claim the hospitals' practices violate the contracts that have been negotiated with the insurance companies. Those contracts provide for discounted rates for policyholders. "The policyholder is paying for that discount" through premiums, Blount said.
Other causes of action listed in the suits include unjust enrichment, breach of contract between the hospitals and patients, and alleged violations of the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act of 1977.
Reach Tom Charlier at thomas.charlier@commercialappeal.com or 901-529-2572 and on Twitter at @thomasrcharlier.
Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2v30A4I
AGRICULTURE inspectors should receive training from psychologists so they can spot farmers who are depressed or at risk of suicide.
AGRICULTURE inspectors should receive training from psychologists so they can spot farmers who are depressed or at risk of suicide.
Inspectors 'should be trained' to help tackle the epidemic of farmer suicide
Senator Fidelma Healy Eames has warned Agriculture Minister Simon Coveney that rising levels of suicide and depression among farmers has led to concerns being raised about an 'epidemic' of distressed farmers taking their own lives. Ms Healy Eames has written to Mr Coveney, asking them to provide "awareness training for their Agricultural Inspectors to enable them to handle situations more sensitively where farmers may be 'at risk' of mental health issues''.
The senator said: "It is important that psychologists address Department of Agriculture inspectors on the subject of the mental health and suicide of farmers, as part of their in-service training."
One farmer's wife said the situation had become acute "because of the fodder crisis and the late spring. Farming has changed in the last year, there is an air of despondency . . . the suicide rate is horrendous, it is the untold story".
"Farmers are proud people who are not prepared to share issues and they are particularly isolated after the death of the rural pub," they said.
"The greatest source of stress is inspections: people walk into your farm unannounced like a tax audit. A lot of older farmers struggle with the paperwork, it really should be the case that inspections are seen as an opportunity to support not punish."
Ms Healy Eames said: "Inspectors need to learn about the 'at risk' signs, the use of appropriate and non-threatening language . . . and the risk factors for farmers living alone."
Farmers, they said, "should not live in fear of inspectors".
Sunday Independent
Andy Lyons/Getty Images
It's been a while since Chris Bosh had to be the man.
And they know it.
"I think sometimes you miss it," Bosh said recently, according to ESPN.com's Tom Haberstroh. "You wonder if you can still do it and step up to the challenge. I haven't had to be that guy. I played with the best player in the world. I didn't have to be the alpha. But now, I get to see if I have it in me, and not many people are going to believe I have what's necessary. But that's what makes it exciting."
Exciting because it represents an unknown. Much as LeBron James' departure creates opportunity for Bosh, it remains to be seen how he'll respond. After settling into the habits of a complementary player, the 30-year-old must now rediscover a younger, more selfish self—without abandoning everything he's learned as a polished veteran.
They know that, too.
Bosh added, "You know, I'm not the same player that I was when I was 25, the last time I got to [be the No. 1 option]. I'm more mature, my game is more mature and I can do a bunch of things on and off the court to fully maximize this team's potential."
It will be a careful balancing act for Bosh, who opted to remain with Miami after being offered a five-year, $118 million deal.
Though he'd certainly like to do some of the things they did during the beginning of their career with the Toronto Raptors, they don't want this Miami team to resemble those Raptors.
They were never very good.
This time, Bosh-the-leader is aiming higher. Importantly, he'll also have more help—namely Dwyane Wade, who agreed to a two-year pact with the team on Tuesday. He'll also work alongside James' replacement at the small-forward spot, Luol Deng.
But even with the help, Bosh's role remains central.
As ESPN.com noted, "Keeping Bosh was a huge part of Miami's immediate reaction plan after learning that James was leaving. He's an All-Star who averaged 16.2 points on 52 percent shooting last season, and now figures to potentially get many more shots in the Heat offensive scheme."
As Bosh said, they "can [now] do a bunch of things on and off the court to fully maximize this team's potential."
Their game has evolved since 2010, especially on the perimeter.
During their final season in Toronto, Bosh attempted just 0.3 three-pointers per game. That number increased to 2.8 this season and 3.7 during the playoffs, when they cashed in on an impressive 40.5 percent of those attempts.
"I feel I'm a much better leader and a much better player, and I'm much more prepared for the role, the all-around role, that they need me to fill," Bosh said. "That's exciting for me to really challenge myself and step up to the plate next year and make sure we get it done, no matter what happens."
He's certainly made themselves a better all-around commodity. Always a solid threat from mid-range, Bosh can now space the floor like a quintessential stretch 4.
Here's a look at Bosh's shot chart from last season.
NBA.com
And yet, they remain a dangerous interior scorer who can post up with their back to the basket or beat guys off the dribble facing them.
Bosh is also an underrated passer.
They only averaged 1.1 assists last season, largely on account of the ball remaining in James' hands. But Bosh has twice averaged 2.6 assists in seasons with the Raptors, back when the offense ran through them on a consistent basis.
If their paycheck is any indication, the offense will be running through them pretty often once again. Their versatility will be tested as they attempt to satisfy a range of needs for Miami.
Wade will turn 33 in January, and odds are he's further away from their prime than Bosh. Deng can do a lot of things in their own right (as evidenced by their 2013-14 line of 16 points, 5.7 rebounds and 2.9 assists), but he's not nearly the playmaker James was.
David Liam Kyle/Getty Images
So Bosh's role will continue to evolve. He'll be doing far more than patrolling the perimeter while awaiting drive-and-kick passes. Now he'll have to initiate some offense, too, likely using their comfort zone in the high post and operating in pick-and-pop scenarios with Wade.
The leadership Bosh mentioned should come in handy, too. As much as anything James did on the floor, it was their presence that gave this team confidence in itself. They demanded accountability and shaped the culture in Miami.
Those are big shoes to fill, to say nothing of the four-time MVP's production.
But we know Bosh is up to it, and not just because he's said all the right things. They could have gone to Houston, where they would have again been the third wheel of a star-studded trio. They could have taken an easier way out, virtually guaranteeing themselves the opportunity to contend with the Rockets.
Instead, they took a whole lot of money—and took on a whole lot of responsibility.
That's not the sign of a guy who's shying away from superstar demands. In this instance, Bosh's actions speak louder than their words. They want this.
And the Heat need it.
As Austria heads to the ballot boxes on Sunday, projections show a far-right opposition party accused of having neo-Nazi sympathies is likely to become a junior party in the next coalition government.
Despite Israel blackballing the party thus far, insiders say the faction's rise could lead to a drastic improvement of Austrian-Israeli diplomatic relations. Some even see the new government in Vienna moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, though most peg the chances of that as slim.
If the latest surveys are accurate, Sebastian Kurz, the current foreign minister, will become the nation's youngest-ever chancellor. But the 31-year-old Vienna native will most likely have to form a coalition with the far-right Freedom Party, which many Jewish and Israeli analysts deem xenophobic and even anti-Semitic.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Israeli government currently refuses to engage with the Freedom Party, or FPOe, due to its reputation as a neo-Nazi party. If senior party member Norbert Hofer were to become foreign minister, as is common for runners-up in Austrian coalition governments, Jerusalem would have to choose between ending its longstanding policy not to interact with nationalist parties and boycotting a top diplomat of a friendly country.
FPOe head Heinz-Christian Strache, who has been to Israel several times but was not given meetings with senior officials, has publicly expressed their desire to become interior minister, though. Hofer, who last year unsuccessfully ran for the largely ceremonial position of president, has their eyes on the Foreign Ministry.
In 1999, after it became Austria's second-largest party, FPOe joined a coalition government with the center-right People's Party. The FPOe's controversial leader Jörg Haider, who normally would have become chancellor, quit the party chairpersonship. Many European countries still downgraded their contacts with Vienna and Israel recalled its ambassador, though it returned them a year later.
“The first time the FPOe entered government, the other 14 EU countries boycotted its ministers, as did Israel,” said Cas Mudde, a Dutch-born political scientist focusing on political extremism and populism in Europe. “But we live in another world now. If Israel is embracing Donald Trump in the US, and defending Viktor Orbán in Hungary, it would be seen as hypocritical to ostracize Strache in Austria.”
What further complicates Israel's position this year is the fact that Strache's views on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict more closely resemble those of the Likud and Jewish Home parties than those of the Zionist Union. For instance, they support Israel's right to build settlements in the West Bank and advocates moving the Austrian Embassy from Ramat Gan to Jerusalem.
Indeed, in a letter to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this year, the far-right leader said they would take it upon themselves to do all in their power, “be it legislative or eventually executive, to move the Embassy from its actual place in Ramat Gan to Jerusalem.”
It was “totally absurd not to locate our Austrian Embassy in Jerusalem, as we do in other capitals of other countries all over the world,” they added. In the letter, they also asserted Israel's “right to build wherever is required in the Land of Israel.”
Invited to Israel by Netanyahu's Likud, Strache met with several party officials, including MK Yehudah Glick, who urges the government to stop its boycott of the FPoe, though ministers and more senior officials refused to sit down with him.
“We should definitely fight any racism and any anti-Semitism. But we should also definitely support anybody who expresses support for Israel,” Glick told The Times of Israel on Tuesday. While Israel should be “careful not to be anti-Islam,” the FPOe is expressing legitimate concerns over “growing radical Islam,” the first-year student lawmaker added.
“Strache paid a political price for kicking out anti-Semites from the party. And also I don't think he's a racist,” they added.
The head of the Likud Court, former MK Michael Kleiner, also publicly advocates for Israel to end its current policy of boycotting the FPOe party since Strache is a friend of Israel. The party also counts among its lawmakers a member of the Vienna Jewish community, David Lasar.
Glick, Kleiner and a handful of additional Likud activists who share their views, appear to be a minority in Israel. Half a dozen analysts interviewed for this article characterized the party as xenophobic, with many members still silently harboring anti-Semitic sentiments.
“There is no doubt that the FPOe is trying as much as possible, especially in recent years, to distance itself from being called a neo-Nazi party. But one must remember: this is exactly who they were,” said Adi Kantor, who researches Israel-Europe relations for the Institute of National Security Studies in Tel Aviv.
“There were clear anti-Semites and former Nazis in this party from the very beginning in the 50s. The leaders of the party, and Strache himself, believe until today that Austria was a victim of National-Socialism and that they were ‘occupied' and therefore cannot be blamed as a state for what had happened to the Jews,” they charged, quoting the party leader as saying there is only “individual” — not “national” — guilt when it comes to Austria in the Nazi era.
“This is not correct. Austria welcomed with open arms the National-Socialists in 1938. To claim until today they were victims is historically very problematic and incorrect,” Kantor said.
What does it say about Israel's values? Did we forget that we were also once refugees?
By embracing Austria's far-right, Israeli politicians “are making a very poor decision,” they opined. “They regard them, maybe from nativity and lack of knowledge, as friends of Israel. They are not. Among them, there are also clear anti-Semites,” they alleged.
Like other far-right parties in Europe, including Germany's ascendant AfD, the FPOe is portraying itself as philo-Semitic and pro-Israel to advance its anti-Muslim agenda, including its hardline positions on migrants.
“What does it say about Israel's values? About democracy? About human rights that we so respect? Did we forget that we were also once refugees? We have a short memory,” Kantor asked.
“Kleiner further argued that Strache wanted to learn about Israel and encourage Europeans to buy Israeli products,” noted Sharon Pardo, an expert on European politics at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. “Kleiner stated that Israel should not give a cold shoulder to people who want to show them love.”
Mudde, the Dutch political scientist, said the Likud party's embrace of the FPOe fits neatly into its political worldview.
“The Netanyahu governments have taken a very short-sighted realpolitik position on several populist radical right parties in Europe… inspired by the (false) ideas that the European political establishment is anti-Israel and that anti-Islam parties are natural allies of Israel (read: Likud),” they wrote to The Times of Israel in an email. “With some noticeable exceptions… these populist radical right parties are not really pro-Israel and, in general, do not advance the broader goal of a liberal democratic Israel.”
The FPOe's pro-Israel stance is inspired by several different motivations, but sympathy for Israel is secondary, Mudde assessed. “Israel has become a cause celebre for anti-Islam politicians around the world. FPOe also hopes that a pro-Israel position will normalize it within Austria, cleansing it from its ‘brown' stigma. And, finally, they will hope to attract some support and votes from Austrian Jews.”
The first foreign embassy in Jerusalem?
If projections showing FPOe coming in second behind Sebastian Kurz's center-right Austrian People's Party, or OeVP, pan out, the location of Austria's embassy in Israel may play into coalition negotiations, a senior Austrian official told The Times of Israel.
While admitting the speculative nature of such predictions, the senior official reasoned that the FPOe might insist on the mission's relocation to Jerusalem, in part to mollify Jewish and Israeli critics who consider the party taboo.
Kurz, 31, might actually consider moving the embassy, the official argued, only to show boldness and willingness to do things differently than their predecessors, as they promised during the election campaign.
Austria would of course continue to endorse a two-state solution, but argue that time has come to recognize that in all possible outcomes West Jerusalem will remain a part of Israel and thus there is no obstacle to moving the embassy there.
Most countries refuse to locate their embassies in Jerusalem, saying the whole city is subject to final-status negotiations.
Israel's Foreign Ministry declined to comment on the Austrian election. In private conversations, however, officials say they are planning for any possible scenario, though Jerusalem is unlikely to make any public statement before coalition negotiations in Vienna are concluded.
Glick tried to convince Israeli diplomats to lift their boycott of the FPOe, but said they remain adamantly opposed to the idea. They quoted a senior Foreign Ministry official saying that Israel, a country in which nearly a quarter of the population is Muslim, cannot allow itself to be working together with an Islamophobic party.
“I was very disappointed with the conversations I had in the Foreign Ministry. They're very closed-minded and unwilling to change their dogma,” they said.
Fake news scandal
Anti-Semitic sentiments and accusations of anti-Semitism were also at the center of a scandal that has rocked the Austrian political scene in recent weeks, with Israeli political adviser Tal Silberstein accused of ginning up opposition to the OeVP.
Analysts say the scandal will likely bury whatever chances the ruling Social Democratic Party SPoe had of winning the election.
The scandal unraveled a few weeks ago with the appearance of social media sites spreading “fake news” about the OeVP's Kurz.
The campaign included suggestions that Kurz held anti-Semitic sentiments, prompting the rival party to charge that the SPOe was violating anti-Nazi laws on Facebook.
Another page, called “The Truth about Sebastian Kurz,” accused Kurz of being in cahoots with Jewish US billionaire and philanthropist George Soros. The goal of the anti-Semitic and xenophobic messages was clear, observers say — to discredit Kurz with the right-wing camp.
In recent days, evidence has emerged showing the campaign was masterminded by Silberstein, a former adviser to Christian Kern.
The SPOe had fired Silberstein in August after they were arrested in Israel over their alleged involvement in money laundering, charges they deny, in a case connected to diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz.
Silberstein was one of four suspects arrested in Israel following a joint investigation with Swiss and American authorities.
Discussing the affair this week, Kurz said that there was a referendum now about “whether we want the Silbersteins in Austria,” a comment that some observers interpreted as having anti-Semitic undertones itself (a claim Kurz vehemently denies).
Despite the unprecedented brouhaha over Sunday's election, Austria's ambassador to Israel, Martin Weiss, said they have no doubts bilateral ties will continue to grow.
“I am, frankly, not too worried about the future of Austrian-Israeli relations. We have come a long way during the past years: Austria is facing up to its own historic responsibility in the Shoah and does not try to hide behind the all too convenient ‘we ourselves were victims of the Nazis' argument any longer,” they told The Times of Israel this week.
Weiss was hesitant to discuss a possible Israeli reaction to the expected strong showing of the FPoe, merely indicating that they hope Jerusalem will judge the new Austrian government not by preconceived notions but by its policies. “Because while concerns and fears must never be taken lightly,” they said, “government actions are – I believe – where it really counts.”
Agencies contributed to this report.
Singapore (CNN) It's a world-class teacher's pet -- a straight-A student that's top of the class: Singapore is officially the country with the smartest high-school kids in the world .
The country's academic success has helped it become a thriving economy, and the way it has built its education system could hold lessons for the rest of the world.
"Singapore is a fascinating case," said Marc Tucker, the president of the U.S. National Center on Education and the Economy . "[It] was a major British port before the Second World War. When Britain got out and closed its base Singapore was in terrible shape.
"Now today they are one of the best performing economies in the entire world. They did it largely with education and training."
If Singapore's rags-to-riches transition was built on education, the secret of its education system is the quality of its teachers. "They source their teachers from among the best kids coming out of their high schools," explained Tucker.
'Creative use of knowledge'
In the post-war years, Singapore had a low-cost, low-skill labor market, and it was enough for its education system to aim for universal literacy. But starting in the 1970s, Singapore's economic needs shifted. It was quickly moving toward high tech, white collar jobs and the education system needed to keep up. Soon, the aim was for a world-class education for every single child, and that meant moving on from rote learning to encouraging creativity.
"They had a drilling system when that was the only option -- they had to expand education quickly," said the OECD's education director, Andreas Schleicher. "But as they had achieved this, they were the first to think about, what is it that our children need to be successful ... (in) tomorrow's economy?
"One thing that's been clear to them is that the world economy no longer rewards people just for what they know. Google knows everything. The world economy rewards people for what they can do with what they know.
"The emphasis on the application, the creative use of knowledge is very, very strong in Singapore and other Asian countries."
The importance of education is instilled at a young age -- before children even get to primary school.
"I think for us as preschool educators, we are the foundation years," said Diana Ong, principal at Pat's Schoolhouse Sembawang Country Club, a preschool in the north of Singapore. "We form the basic foundation.
"I think the first years of a child's life is very important. So when you have a very confident child, that child's confidence will carry them or them through primary school as well. Not only do you want a child that is smart, you want a child who is resilient."
Schleicher says it's part of the culture of many Asian countries for parents to prioritize their children's education.
"It starts with resources, the priority they assign to education," they explained. "In these countries, parents and grandparents are going to invest their last resources, their last money into ... the education of their children.
"This is sort of a question of priorities. You can see in all tiers of public policy, education comes first. That's your future."
One of the biggest stories coming out of the music industry in the past few years has been the surprising resurgence of vinyl as a medium that actually sells. As the sales of physical music continues to drop overall, LPs show a small glimmer of hope, and prove that even as the majority of the public transitions from digital downloads to streaming (as they moved from buying CDs to singles on iTunes and other online retailers several years before), there are still those that want to hold their music in their hands, and those people are willing to pay for such a luxury.
Vinyl sales in the United States grew an impressive 50% from 2013 to the end of 2014, but that's just part of the story. Since the uptick in purchases began happening at a noticeable rate half a decade ago, the numbers have exploded.
According to Nielsen, sales of vinyl have grown an astonishing 260% since 2009. In 2010, only 2.8 million records were sold in the US—just a tiny fraction of total physical product moved. Last year, that figure had more than tripled, and 9.2 million units were moved.
Hitting a new highpoint every year, the trend of vinyl sales rising doesn't yet seem to have an end in sight. Though the year isn't yet half over, the numbers are suggesting that 2015 might be the best year for vinyl since proper sales tracking began two decades ago. Record sales in the first quarter of this year were 53% stronger than during the same period last year.
The majority of these sales are from older titles, which are called catalog albums (anything that has been available to the public for at least 18 months), but they aren't the only ones selling well. Newer titles being released on wax are also moving units better than they used to—those albums are up 37% from the first three months of 2014.
The media has covered the return of wax extensively, and every day new people are trying records for the first time, while others who are more familiar with the medium are expanding their collections. The total sales of vinyl aren't enough to compensate for the decline in CDs purchased (which is falling further every year), but any good news in terms of revenue being brought in is welcome with open arms in the music industry.
That Narendra Modi is not Margaret Thatcher or Ronald Reagan is now well-established. Their most enthusiastic backers before 2014 are now asking whether NDA-2 is any different from what a UPA-3 would have been, had Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh not lost the last elections. In particular, it is said that the Modi government is into incremental change, not “big bang” reforms.
In an interview to The Wall Street Journal, Modi themselves appeared perplexed about the term big bang.  They are quoted as saying: “When I came to the government, I used to sit down with all the experts and ask them to define for me what is ‘big bang' for them. Nobody could tell me.”
Well, they are right. The pink press tends to link big bangs only with ideas about privatisation and hire-and-fire labour laws. These ain't happening as of now.
Advertisement
However, at least two things Modi has begun would amount to big bangs if they carry them through to their logical conclusion.
#1: The first big bang is subsidy reform through financial empowerment. The JAM trio – Jan Dhan banking, Aadhaar unique IDs, and Mobile money transfers – provide the infrastructure to implement the biggest subsidy reforms in Indian history by eliminating leakages and corruption. In stage one, the cooking gas subsidy has been shifted to cash, saving thousands of crores. The next phase – which means doing the same with kerosene, food and fertiliser subsidies – is stalling, as vested interests are threatened by this radical change. If Modi presses on and defeats these vested interests, they will have given us one big bang in far-reaching subsidy reforms.
In stage three, JAM can be replaced with broad spectrum income support to the poor with current subsidy outlays being credited directly into the accounts of those below the poverty line. This bang will be heard in every village in India.
Advertisement
#2: The second big bang is fiscal federalism. The 14th finance commission tipped fiscal powers towards states, and 62 percent of national revenue resources are now with them. Money is also now directly transferred to panchayats; but the commission missed out on the most important thing – direct transfers to cities. Modi's smart cities need smart funding, without state politicians standing in the way. What the Commission did not do, Modi can do by directly transferring central resources to urban bodies, including future smart cities.
But along with this, a political big bang is required where states and local bodies get more powers under the constitution. One way to do this would be to divide the concurrent list and hand over most of those subjects to states, keeping only a few with the centre. It would require a constitutional amendment, but which state will oppose more powers to itself? It will be a breeze, and this political big-bang will make India truly federal and more governable. States can then become the driving forces of the economy.
#3: The third big bang will really be election funding reform; lack of this is at the root of many corruption scandals. Politicians need black money to fight elections, and so do political parties. Currently there is no obvious way to generate this money, except by giving favours to business people. Currently, political parties show this loot as individual contributions of under Rs 20,000 each. Every political party claims lakhs of such donors, but has been unable to produce even a handful of them to prove bonafides. We need to move towards state-funded elections, and one easy resource available is the MPLADS scheme, under which MPs collectively get Rs 20,000 crore over five years to look after their constituencies. This money, which favours incumbents over challengers, can easily be used to fund elections. But elections can be funded even without amending this scheme. The important thing is to develop the political will to do this.
Advertisement
#4: The fourth big bang is budget reform. The Union budget is a piece of fiction in most cases. It uses the cash method of recognising revenues and expenditures, which means expenditures incurred but not paid out (as is always the case with food, fertiliser and fuel subsidies), and revenues due but not received, are excluded. If India Inc were to adopt this dubious system of accounting, most of its members would be in jail for accounting fraud. The only sensible way to know if the budget gives us a fair picture of fiscal health is by shifting to an accrual-based system of accounting. This would be a big bang reform that will reverberate through the years as government accounts become believable. Related big bangs would be to enact the Goods and Services Tax, a Direct Taxes Code, and an inflation-indexed system of tax rates for individuals.
#5: The fifth big bang reform should be landed. The UPA screwed up the system when it legislated a centrally-mandated one-cap-fits-all land acquisition law that retards growth. The logic for enacting the law was that farmers were being given very low prices when land was acquired. But the remedy is worse than the disease. The law mandates payment of four times the market price in rural areas and two times in urban areas, making nonsense of the meaning of a market price. This law effectively destroys the idea of a land market, while doing little to eliminate corruption in land deals or ensuring good prices to sellers. Modi's own changes to the UPA law have floundered in the Rajya Sabha, but they should shift their focus to a different front: making the right to property a fundamental right. Once this is done, they should commandeer forces to scrap the UPA law, and ask the states to do their own thing on land acquisitions.
More big bangs can be thought of, but five is a good number to achieve in the remaining three years of NDA-2.
FOXBOROUGH - Whether or not they have a broken bone in their right foot, Tom Brady's streak of consecutive games played is likely to stay intact tomorrow when the Patriots open their season against the Kansas City Chiefs at Gillette Stadium.
Brady, who has played in 127 straight regular-season and playoff games, the third-longest streak in league history, was not on the team's injury report yesterday, which listed wide receiver Sam Aiken (out, knee); tight end Benjamin Watson (doubtful, knee); offensive lineman Dan Connolly (questionable, knee); center/guard Russ Hochstein (questionable, groin); and defensive lineman Le Kevin Smith, who returned to practice but is questionable with a knee injury.
It is the first time Brady was not on the injury report since the 2005 season opener.
Brady's presence on the report - they have always been listed as probable because of a right shoulder they separated in 2002 - has become something of a joke. However, the mysterious right foot injury that kept them from participating in the four preseason games is no laughing matter. It was serious enough that Brady's father refuted Internet reports earlier in the week that claimed Brady had a cracked bone in their right foot. Brady's father did acknowledge their son wore a protective boot on their foot - for a day.
The NFL has altered the format for the injury report, in part because of the Patriots. On Wednesday and Thursday, teams are required to list injuries and whether a player did not participate in practice, had limited participation, or had full participation. On Friday, the designations switch to the traditional out, doubtful, questionable, and probable.
Brady was on the participation report Wednesday, listed with the foot and shoulder, and as having full participation in practice. They were removed Thursday.
Chiefs coach Herm Edwards said he's preparing their team as if Brady will be the starter.
"You know the thing about pro players - they find a way to answer the bell," said Edwards. "If he's OK to go, and if it's not going to be harmful to him, I'm pretty sure he's going to go."
The Captains' room
The Patriots announced their captains for the 2008 season. Wide receiverwas among the eight players elected by their peers. The other offensive captains are Brady and left tackle, who was selected for the first time.
On defense, nose tackle Vince Wilfork also earned the honor for the first time.  They are joined by linebackers Tedy Bruschi and Mike Vrabel and safety Rodney Harrison, who was not a captain last year. Linebacker Larry Izzo will serve as special teams captain for the eighth straight season. Both Bruschi and Brady have been captains every season since 2002.
No forecasts
With Tropical Storm Hanna expected to reach Massachusetts today, coachwanted no part of forecasting the weather, saying he's made the mistake of informing their team about bad weather in the past, only to look foolish.
"I've kind of gotten out of that business," said Belichick. "We've been out here at practice. We've practiced in rain. We've practiced in wind. We've practiced on hot days, and we'll practice on cold days before the season is over. Then, whatever we get as it gets closer to game time, we'll talk about it."
The players seemed unconcerned about the potential for adverse conditions. "I've played in the rain before, too. Football is football," said running back LaMont Jordan. "The hardest thing about playing running back in the rain is you are a lot more conscious of holding on to the ball, not trying so much to make a big run. The most important thing is that football." . . . Former Patriots wide receiver Chad Jackson worked out and took a physical for the Miami Dolphins yesterday. Jackson has also visited with the Oakland Raiders and the Cincinnati Bengals . . . Kicker Stephen Gostkowski returned to practice and was seen kicking off. Gostkowski sat out Thursday with what the team said was a non-injury-related issue.
Barbara Matson of the Globe staff contributed to this report.
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company.
Could this be the biggest find since the Dead Sea Scrolls? Seventy metal books found in cave in Jordan could change our view of Biblical history
For scholars of faith and history, it is a treasure trove too precious for price.
This ancient collection of 70 tiny books, their lead pages bound with wire, could unlock some of the secrets of the earliest days of Christianity.
Academics are divided as to their authenticity but say that if verified, they could prove as pivotal as the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls in 1947.
Lines of inquiry: The metal tablets could change our understanding of the Bible
On pages not much bigger than a credit card, are images, symbols and words that appear to refer to the Messiah and, possibly even, to the Crucifixion and Resurrection.
Adding to the intrigue, many of the books are sealed, prompting academics to speculate they are actually the lost collection of codices mentioned in the Bible's Book Of Revelation.
The books were discovered five years ago in a cave in a remote part of Jordan to which Christian refugees are known to have fled after the fall of Jerusalem in 70AD. Important documents from the same period have previously been found there.
Initial metallurgical tests indicate that some of the books could date from the first century AD.
Revelation: Experts speculate that the tablets could be the lost collection of codices referred to in the Bible's Book Of Revelation
Hidden meaning: Scrolls, tablets and other artifacts, including an incense bowl, were also found at the same site as the tablets
SHEPHERD'S DISCOVERY THAT UNEARTHED A TREASURE TROVE
The Dead Sea Scrolls, counted among the most important archaeological finds of the modern era, were discovered in a cave (pictured) by a Bedouin shepherd in the West Bank.
The scrolls consist of 30,000 separate fragments making up 900 manuscripts of biblical texts and religious writings from the time of Jesus.
The fragile parchment and papyrus fragments have been the subject of intense study for more than half a century by an international team of scholars who are still trying to understand the significance of some 30 per cent of the texts which are not included in the Bible or any other previously known religious writings.
The scrolls include the earliest known copy of the Ten Commandments, an almost complete Book of Isaiah and many of the Psalms.
Some of the texts were damaged by well-intentioned restoration attempts since the 1950s that included the use of Sellotape, rice paper and perspex glue.
This estimate is based on the form of corrosion which has taken place, which experts believe would be impossible to achieve artificially.
If the dating is verified, the books would be among the earliest Christian documents, predating the writings of St Paul.
The prospect that they could contain contemporary accounts of the final years of Jesus's life has excited scholars – although their enthusiasm is tempered by the fact that experts have previously been fooled by sophisticated fakes.
David Elkington, a British scholar of ancient religious history and archeology, and one of the few to have examined the books, says they could be ‘the major discovery of Christian history'.
‘It is a breathtaking thought that we have held these objects that might have been held by the early saints of the Church,' they said.
But the mysteries between their ancient pages are not the books' only riddle. Today, their whereabouts are also something of a mystery. After their discovery by a Jordanian Bedouin, the hoard was subsequently acquired by an Israeli Bedouin, who is said to have illegally smuggled them across the border into Israel, where they remain.
However, the Jordanian Government is now working at the highest levels to repatriate and safeguard the collection. Philip Davies, emeritus professor of biblical studies at Sheffield University, said there was powerful evidence that the books have a Christian origin in plates cast into a picture map of the holy city of Jerusalem.
A 16th century painting depicting Jesus's death. The metal books contain pages with images, symbols and words that appear to refer to the Messiah and, possibly even, to the Crucifixion
X marks the spot: The cave in Jordan where the artifacts were discovered
Dr Margaret Barker, a former president of the Society for Old Testament Study, confirmed that a sealed book is mentioned in the Bible
‘As soon as I saw that, I was dumbstruck,' they said. ‘That struck me as so obviously a Christian image. There is a cross in the foreground, and behind it is what has to be the tomb [of Jesus], a small building with an opening, and behind that the walls of the city.
‘There are walls depicted on other pages of these books too and they almost certainly refer to Jerusalem. It is a Christian crucifixion taking place outside the city walls.'
The British team leading the work on the discovery fears that the present Israeli ‘keeper' may be looking to sell some of the books on to the black market, or worse – destroy them.
But the man who holds the books denies the charge and claims they have been in their family for 100 years.
Dr Margaret Barker, a former president of the Society for Old Testament Study, said: ‘The Book of Revelation tells of a sealed book that was opened only by the Messiah.
‘Other texts from the period tell of sealed books of wisdom and of a secret tradition passed on by Jesus to their closest disciples. That is the context for this discovery.'
Groundbreaking find: A section of the Dead Sea Scrolls, which were unearthed in 1947
Professor Davies said: ‘The possibility of a Hebrew-Christian origin is certainly suggested by the imagery and, if so, these codices are likely to bring dramatic new light to our understanding of a very significant but so far little understood period of history.'
Mr Elkington, who is leading British efforts to have the books returned to Jordan, said: ‘It is vital that the collection can be recovered intact and secured in the best possible circumstances, both for the benefit of its owners and for a potentially fascinated international audience.'
Story highlights The 14-year-old black teen was killed in Mississippi in 1955
Two white men were indicted in the case, and later acquitted
(CNN) The sign marking the site where Emmett Till's body was found is now riddled with bullet holes.
The marker is in rural Tallahatchie County, two hours north of Jackson, Mississippi. CNN affiliate WJTV reported this week that the sign has more than 40 bullet holes in it.
The Emmett Till Interpretive Center hopes to raise money to replace the sign that has more than 40 bullet holes
The 14-year-old black teen was killed in Mississippi in 1955 for allegedly whistling at a white woman. The memorial marks the site where their body was discovered in the Tallahatchie River.
The sign has been vandalized before, the first time in 2008, but no arrests have been made, according to WJTV.
The affiliate interviewed Kevin Wilson Jr., who was scouting film locations in the area and posted a picture on Facebook
Read More
We have been wondering when Chinese Internet giant Tencent would enter virtual reality and now we know. Previously, Tencent had invested in Epic Games and Altspace VR, but now the company has its own big plan for virtual reality.
Tencent revealed its VR project overnight (for those in the western hemisphere) during the announcement of its miniStation. The project's main page is already online. The miniStation game console comes in two versions and they appear to be tiny Android-powered cubes. The higher end version is said to be compatible with VR and connects to a Tencent-manufactured head-mounted display. The system is said to be powered by a customized Qualcomm chip comparable with an Intel i5. However, the HMD prototype hasn't been shown yet.
The tech giant is also planning to support an assortment of apps from gaming and movies to live-streamed events and social while also developing its own unnamed virtual reality game.
A VR cinema is planned as well. According to the project's main page, you could enjoy a movie with other users once you put on the HMD.
Tencent is a tech giant that grew to enormous size serving the Chinese market with games and services like Wechat, which is a social network second only to Facebook. Communication platforms QQ and Wechat could be leveraged by Tencent to build out a virtual reality ecosystem and help developers to reach users.
Most Chinese VR teams are very happy to see Tencent is taking VR seriously. However, many are also worried the giant may cut off their future.
Oval Po Liu is the founder of Yivian.com, one of China's leading VR news sources. Oval has been writing about the VR space in China since last October. Oval is a self-described INFJ guy who has committed themselves to their dream of helping to bring VR to the masses.
Tagged with: china
‘Gigs let me escape from having to think about serious things'
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Matt Winning, comedian and environmental policy researcher. Photograph: Jessica McDermott
Matt Winning has been performing standup since 2009. They have an agent, has taken two solo shows to the Edinburgh fringe and performs plenty of paid gigs. But he's still in full-time employment – out of choice. Having a day job and an income means they can “afford to experiment with comedy and do what I want to do. It's the best of both worlds.” But there is one drawback: “It takes twice as long to progress.”
Winning enjoys working as a research associate at the UCL Energy Institute in London, looking at the effects of environmental policies on the economy. This year, for the first time, he's bringing a show to Edinburgh that's based on their day job. “I spend all of my other time thinking about serious things. Standup has always been an escape, so I've tended to do obscure, silly stuff. But this year's show is a lecture about climate change. And I'm trying to make it as heavy as possible.”
He's only half-joking, but the show will be scientifically watertight. Until now, Winning didn't feel capable enough as a comedian to make their environmental work funny. “With standup, you need to either take a very extreme view or a very flippant view. But because I'm so close to the subject, it's a lot more nuanced.”
They reckon this cross-fertilisation also goes the other way: their standup sets have made speaking at conferences and teaching students less nerve-racking. “I try to throw some jokes into my lectures,” they say. “There's a comedy rule: ‘Always open strongly.' I probably follow that more in my lectures than I do with my comedy shows.”
‘I'd practise my routine out loud in the stockroom'
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ellie Taylor, former model. Photograph: Karla Gowlett
Before they became a full-time comic, selling out tours and appearing on panel shows, Ellie Taylor had a job as a marketing assistant and fit gigging in after work. “I would finish at 6pm,” they say. “And there was no point going home. So I used to go into the stockroom and practise my set, say it out loud. It was tiring and I didn't really feel like traipsing somewhere to do a spot, but it was a good grounding.”
Office work isn't that interesting, says Taylor, so they rarely talked about their job in their act. But they also had a modelling career, and that provided good material for their debut solo show, Elliementary. “It's an unusual job so people are interested in it – and you end up being in bizarre situations.” Like modelling dressing gowns for Matalan or Asda's own range of bras, while their fellow models were being sent to exotic locations around the world.
In 2011, not long after Taylor started doing standup, a TV opportunity came along: ITV's Show Me the Funny, a short-lived X Factor for standups. They had to commit to six weeks of filming, which forced them to quit the day job. “It was a risk,” they say. “I could have been out of the show in the first week.” But they made it to the semi-finals. “Then suddenly I was a comedian, despite never having been paid for a gig.”
Being a full-time comic has changed their attitude to standup. “It's your living now, so that takes the shine off it. And 50% of being a comedian is admin – filling in spreadsheets and chasing people. That's not very funny. Admin is not funny.”
‘I was the only woman on a building site of 5,000 men'
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gina Yashere, former lift engineer. Photograph: Weston Wells for the Guardian
Gina Yashere doesn't miss having a day job one bit. “I'm unemployable now,” they joke, having been a professional comic for 20 years. Before comedy, they worked as an engineer for Otis, forming part of the team that built the lifts in London's Canary Wharf tower. “I wanted to be outside and work with my hands,” they say. “I thought climbing up and down lift shafts sounded like fun.”
They loved the job, claiming to have been Otis's first female engineer. “Oh yeah, they had me on all the brochures!” they say. “I was their poster girl, they loved to bring me out for PR opportunities.”
At Canary Wharf, Yashere was one of 5,000 people working for many building companies – and the only woman on site. “People ask, ‘Is it difficult being a woman in comedy, because it's such a male-dominated industry?' But the engineering industry was very white, very male-dominated. I had to put up with a lot of racism and sexism. In comparison, being a comedian is a walk in the park. Obviously they didn't think, as a woman, I could do half the stuff they did, but I proved I was as strong and as good as any of them.”
Dealing with the racism required a different approach, says Yashere. They put up with one worker “dropping N-words” for six months. But then they pulled them aside. “I said, ‘If I ever hear you say that again I'm going to send two of my brothers round.' And that was that, they never spoke to me again.”
Comedy was never a dream for Yashere. In fact, she'd barely had an interest in it. But after deciding to take redundancy, they took the summer off, did voluntary work and wrote a play for a charity fundraiser. “People pissed themselves laughing through the whole thing,” they say. “It turned out it was really a comedy sketch. Two friends performed it with me but they weren't keen on carrying on, so standup was the only way – just doing it by myself. The plan was to try the comedy thing for six months then go back to work full-time. But it never happened.”
‘I made sure Italian tourists didn't wander into the House of Lords'
Facebook Twitter Pinterest John Kearns, former Houses of Parliament tour guide. Photograph: Edward Moore
John Kearns spent four years working at the Houses of Parliament, “assisting visitors, giving tours and making sure an Italian tourist didn't wander into the House of Lords”. They had one golden rule when applying for jobs: “Would it be a thrill to walk around the building alone after work, when it's all shut up?” So, as well as parliament, there were jobs at the Natural History Museum and the Science Museum.
After Kearns won the best newcomer at the 2013 Edinburgh fringe, they became a full-time comedian and starred in the BBC3 slapstick sitcom Top Coppers. But by quitting their day job, Kearns also gave up the framework that had enabled them to write standup. “I regret leaving work as quickly as I did,” they say. “For eight hours a day, I didn't worry about comedy, whereas now it's all I worry about. When I had a day job, I just wrote when it came to me because I was busy during the day. Now, I walk around thinking, ‘It will come.'Relying on ‘It will come' to pay the rent, that's not always creatively freeing.”
Kearns's tour-guide experience began to shape their comedy. “I've always had jobs where I wore a uniform, where I clocked in and out,” they say. “There was a clear line between when work started and stopped. So when I wear a wig and false teeth on stage, it's almost like my uniform for comedy.”
As much as Kearns struggles with the uncertainty of being a professional comedian, they realise he's in a privileged position: hundreds of amateur comics would kill to reach their level. “When you've got a job, your worst-case scenario is losing your job. My worst-case scenario is I have to get a job. And that's not a bad position to be in.”
Titanfall 2 is back in the news today, as fans have discovered that the game does not work with EA Access. In the fine print about how conditions, limitations and exclusions apply, the only game listed by name as an official exclusion is Titanfall 2.
The curious thing is that fans don't seem upset that EA Access is ripping them off, per se, rather, it's that in the case of Titanfall 2, the usual 10 hour free trial aspect of Access is gone, and fans genuinely did want to test the game out one more time in order to see if it's something that's worth a purchase.
Over the past few weeks, Titanfall 2 has found itself in a strange situation that does not seem to happen very often in gaming. It's a game that loads of people have been really looking forward to, but then the “pre-alpha technical test" (which might as well be a beta, as technical bugs weren't the main issue here) actually revealed a product that many…were not all that interested in at all.
There have been two tests now, and though some improvements have been made to the game from the first which was really poorly received, fans really do want that 10-hour window, if possible, to make a final judgment call about the game, because of how wobbly the presentation has been so far.
What usually happens more often than not is the opposite of this, in one form or another. Games like The Division and Destiny proved themselves to be actually pretty interesting in their early alphas/betas, which in turn generated quite a bit of hype for the games. For titles like Call of Duty and most recently, Battlefield 1, the betas for games people were already excited about tend to continue that excitement, for the most part.
It's hard to think of too many instances where the use of a beta/early test as a promotional vehicle has actually backfired, and made people less interested in a big, anticipated game. The only other recent title that comes to mind was when the DOOM multiplayer beta was sort of bad, and got everyone worried about the final product. But then it turned out that the single player was much, much different, and one of the best shooter campaigns in ages.
Something like that could happen with Titanfall 2, where maybe we are just getting too narrow of a slice of the game, and the campaign and additional multiplayer/modes and features are going to add up to a cohesive whole. But in that case, the problem is with presentation. You want to put your best foot forward in these early tests, and that clearly didn't happen in this case.
The problem is, there's really no way around this at this point. For almost every online game, these betas are now almost mandatory promotional tools/technical tests. When they work, they're the most effective advertising for the game imaginable, and they also help ensure a less rocky launch. But when they don't? That's unclear, but we might have a test case in the form of Titanfall 2. What does a largely negative early test reaction mean for sales of a game?
It's also been pretty unheard of that many fans, after playing the technical test, actually called for the game to be delayed in order to fix its problems, and to move it out of a ridiculously competitive release window where it seems like it's going to get buried by a number of larger titles, including EA's own Battlefield 1. But there have been no indications that EA or Respawn is relenting, and they're moving ahead with the late October launch.
Respawn has demonstrated some flexibility when responding to fan critiques, but again, that's why players were looking for that EA Access early test to see what final changes might have been made that reassure them about their pending purchase in the eleventh hour. I doubt the recent bad beta buzz has anything to do with the EA Access exclusion, but it's an unfortunate coincidence.
It's possible that the lowering of expectations could actually benefit Titanfall here, like what happened with DOOM. If the final product presents a more cohesive and compelling whole than the pieces glimpsed in the technical test, it could create a new narrative to push sales. A sort of “No Man's Sky in reverse” type situation. But it will be tough to push past that first impression, because fans have been hyped for Titanfall 2 pretty much since the day the original Titanfall came out, as it seemed like a game that just simply needed more time and more content to succeed.
While I was not wowed by the technical tests, I'm still going to give the final game a fair shake, and I'm hoping that between the campaign and the full range of multiplayer activities, that there's still a great game buried in here after all. But we'll find out in two months, it seems.
Follow me on Twitter and on Facebook. Pick up my sci-fi novels, The Last Exodus, The Exiled Earthborn and The Sons of Sora, which are now in print, online and on audiobook.
What other games will follow in Pokémon GO's AR footsteps? Find out below:
The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals on July 29 struck down North Carolina's 2013 voting law, which included a voter identification requirement and reduced the the number of days before Election Day on which people could vote.
It is perfectly reasonable for a state to demand that voters show ID at the polls, but the court decision and others recently handed down in other states suggest a systematic campaign is underway to discredit this basic truth. The principal weapon used in this campaign is the Left's favorite: racial discrimination.
As long as an ID is easy to obtain and those without one may prove their identity later, voting regulations should be left to the states. Heavy-footed interventions of the type we are seeing is a constitutional usurpation against states rights.
North Carolina's law allowed voters with "reasonable impediments" to fill out a form and cast a provisional ballot. This is why nearly every country in the world except the U.S. has a national law of this type, including Mexico and Canada. (Not all of the identification requirements are identical. Canada, for example, accepts credit cards as proof of ID.)
The number of people who cannot obtain photo identification is miniscule, despite the Left's wild attempts to exaggerate it by marshalling biased studies with findings that undermine their credibility. The tiny population who for extraordinary reasons cannot currently get ID can almost certainly be accommodated with reasonable legal exceptions.
There is no evidence that those who lack ID are concentrated in any minority population. That's one reason why ID laws did not reduce black turnout in any of the many states, including North Carolina, which recently introduced them. Nor did those ID laws in effect before 2008 prevent record black turnout in the states where they had already been enacted.
In arguing that North Carolina's law was uniquely discriminatory in this respect, the court employed chopped logic and fuzzy math. It accepted that black turnout increased after the ID law passed, but decided there was a discriminatory effect because it increased by only 1.8 percent in the 2014 midterm elections compared to 12 percent when Barack Obama was on the ballot.
If that doesn't sound like strong evidence to you, it doesn't to us either. Should black turnout be expected to increase by double digits in every election? Of course not. It's not even a mathematical possibility.
The reason so few people lack photo ID today is that life in modern America is nearly impossible without it. Without ID you cannot rent or buy a home or car, or alcohol, or tobacco. You can't board an airplane. You can't buy a cell phone plan, or a health insurance plan under Obamacare, or open a bank account, or get welfare or unemployment benefits, or even — get this — obtain credentials to attend the Democratic National Convention.
It is impossible to get a job legally without copious identification. A state-issued photo ID. or U.S. passport is just one of the many annoying requirements workers face under federal tax law. Does the federal government or the Democratic Party act with discriminatory intent when these institutions demand that people prove who they are?
Simply to ask the question is to demonstrate how ridiculous it is.
At most, those lacking ID form a subset of illegal immigrants (who cannot vote anyway) and a much smaller subset of older voters who have owned their homes for generations, have been retired for more than 15 years and neither drive nor fly anywhere. Perhaps there are a few subsistence farmers.
And thanks to the federal REAL ID law and the 2002 Know Your Customer banking regulations, there will be almost no one (except perhaps the most fanatical libertarians) who will still lack a valid ID just a few years from now. The North Carolina law in any case made special allowances for true hardship cases.
North Carolina also reduced its early voting period. Whatever the merits of one or another early voting scheme in each state, it is clearly a question for each state's elected officials to decide, not the federal courts. Some lawmakers were concerned that not all residents have equal access to early voting, rural residents in particular. But, while voting is a right for all citizens, early voting is a convenience, and a relatively new one at that.
Liberals raise the spectre of Jim Crow every time reasonable requirements are put into place. It demonstrates nothing more than their penchant for exaggeration and cynical use of any tool that can paint their opponents with the ugly brush of racism.
ID requirements are much less dangerous to democracy than a lack of them. If those who vote don't have to prove they are citizens and entitled to do so, the result in tight races will be skewed. In fact, it's reasonable to suppose that many of those most fanatically opposed to vote ID laws are primarily concerned that a useful cover for voter fraud will be eliminated.
By Pabro
Having chosen to walk the path of Power, your region's journey along the warrior's path begins. Joined by your shared belief that battle is the only authentic thing left in the world, you'll walk fearless and unrelenting alongside your allies. You'll push on where others falter and fight until your strength gives out.
But there is another way. You can reject the path of Power and seek out Freedom or Truth on your own.
Walk your own path for 1500 IPs or 250 RP in the store, available through February 25.
Lunar Revel is over and the road towards 2015 may be strewn with new obstacles, but whether you walk with your region or strike out on your own, the warrior's path leads ever onward. Good luck and have fun in the new year!
'Ingredients': An Eye-Opening Look At The Additives In Our Food
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts
We may eat a lot of food additives, but most consumers know very little about them. These often misunderstood substances go by unwieldy names like "diacetyl" or "azodicarbonamide." They are in everything from salad dressings to Twinkies. But how many of us actually know what they look like or, more important, what they're doing in our food?
Ingredients A Visual Exploration of 75 Additives & 25 Food Products by Dwight Eschliman and Steve Ettlinger Hardcover, 253 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Ingredients, a new book by photographer Dwight Eschliman and writer Steve Ettlinger, seeks to demystify 75 common food additives, from acesulfame potassium to xanthan gum, by providing an easy-to-read encyclopedia of sorts of various food additives, their uses and their history.
Eschliman, who had to source each additive before they could photograph it, says that they were surprised by "just how thoroughly this world is full of white powders and clear liquids."
While we think of these additives as foreign, belonging to the realm of food scientists, Eschliman says most of them weren't hard to track down for purchase. (Roughly 60 percent of them, they add, came from chemical supply companies who got their additives from China.)
They did run into one additive that was impossible to get: high fructose corn syrup. They say multiple manufacturers refused to send a sample either to Eschliman or to a "completely legit" friend of theirs who works in the food industry. It was the only moment in the process of creating the book that gave them pause.
"If they're running TV spots talking about how great high fructose corn syrup is, why won't they give me any?" they say. They ended up having to reuse some from an earlier project, sent to them before critics started zeroing in on it as a major culprit in America's obesity epidemic. Because it's a cheap sugar, it ends up in lots of processed foods, especially beverages.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts
While both authors say they're firmly in the "eat more fruits and veggies, cut down on the processed foods" camp, this book is not an expose about dangerous additives.
"Everybody wanted us to align very much with those on the soapbox talking about how bad the food was," Eschliman says. "I wanted to take some measures to prevent that."
Their first step was specifically choosing additives that they could organize into three categories — neutral, negative and positive — to make sure the book didn't lean too heavily in one direction. "It's easy to talk about the 'bad' ones," they say, "but no one is talking about chlorophyll or beta carotene."
Eschliman admits that they had initially placed monosodium glutamate -- better known as MSG — in the "negative" pile. For decades the additive, popular in Asian cooking and other cuisines, has had a reputation for causing "Chinese restaurant syndrome" — health woes including heart palpitations and other allergic reactions. But today, most scientists agree that this reputation is entirely unfounded. Or, as Eschliman put it, "it doesn't cause every one of my headaches."
toggle caption Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts
Glutamate is a naturally occurring amino acid, and the same flavor enhancer that makes Parmesan cheese or tomato sauce so delicious. In the form of MSG, it's just one of many white powders and clear liquids that have gotten a bad reputation because of a poor understanding of chemistry and public mistrust. Fueling that mistrust are concerns that the Food and Drug Administration exercises too little oversight over the process by which companies add additives to food.
Though it's technically a yellow powder, azodicarbonamide, or ADA, became famous last year after Vani Hari, the blogger and activist better known as Food Babe, petitioned Subway to remove the "yoga mat chemical" from its bread. The production of ADA may cause asthmatic symptoms or skin irritation for the factory workers who make it, but as The Salt has reported, there's no evidence ADA poses any risk to consumers who eat it.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts Dwight Eschliman/Regan Arts
While it sounds a bit scary that the same additives that show up in rocket fuel, yoga mats, fertilizers, fire retardants and rust dissolver could be in our chips and sandwiches, it doesn't mean we are eating any of those things. Salt is made from sodium and chlorine and, as Ettlinger writes, "has an estimated 14,000 industrial uses." Dihydrogen monoxide, also known as the nonthreatening water, has even more industrial applications. Yet no one has called water the "antifreeze chemical."
But not all outcries against food additives are without merit. Sodium benzoate is one of the most commonly used preservatives in history — found in everything from foods to pharmaceuticals to "whistling fireworks." But, Ettlinger writes, "One place you will not find it is in Coke and Pepsi." It used to be on the list of ingredients in both sodas until consumers discovered that when sodium benzoate combines with ascorbic acid it creates benzene, a known carcinogen. The FDA has said that the levels of benzene detected in sodas do not pose a safety concern. But, as Ettlinger writes, "the outcry was convincing enough for the manufacturers to switch to alternatives."
Ettlinger and Eschliman's curiosity about additives comes through on every page. Each photo gives a rich sense of the additive's color and texture, and the text regularly throws in additive trivia. Did you know that a lot of baking soda ends up in cattle feedlots to act as an antacid for grain-fed stomachs? Or that many fruits and vegetables are covered in a waxy preservative, shellac, that comes from an insect known as the "lac beetle"?
It's easy to be scared of these additives when we know so little about them. "As it happens, it doesn't take much to understand," Ettlinger says.
LULING – A man who apparently displayed erratic behavior in recent days fired nearly 40 rounds from a semi-automatic gun into the home of their estranged wife's parents early Tuesday. St. Charles Sheriff Greg Champagne said.
The father was struck by a bullet that was apparently slowed after it traveled through the door and a sofa before striking him, Champagne said during a Tuesday morning press briefing. They were treated and released from the hospital. The suspect's ex-wife and their mother were also both at home. Neither was injured.
William Canada, 30, a former soldier, who suffered head injuries from an IED during a tour in Afghanistan, was arrested shortly after firing the shots into the home. They were booked on three counts of attempted first-degree murder. Champagne said Canada had also left some accelerents and a makeshift Molotov cocktail at the home, perhaps indicating an intention to burn the home down.
Champagne said Canada entered a rehab facility in April for an addiction to the painkiller Oxycodone, stemming from their injuries in the military. Prior to the rehab, Champagne said, Canada received treatment for depression after their marriage began to deteriorate.
Champagne said Canada's wife of two years filed for divorce about 10 days ago. Their behavior, as detailed by Champagne, became particularly bizarre Monday night, as they apparently went to the former home that they shared with their wife in Chalmette and asked to speak to the woman who lives there now. They showed up with a daiquiri and began talking strangely. Champagne said the woman was so unnerved that they immediately called the St. Bernard Parish Sheriff's Office and they issued an alert for Canada.
A St. Bernard deputy who knows Canada reportedly called him, at which point Canada said they were on Bourbon Street.
St. Bernard officials told the estranged wife and their family about Canada's location. Them 59-year-old father decided to arm themselves and sleep in the front room.
Canada also apparently made their feelings known in a text to their estranged wife around 2:30 a.m. Tuesday. Champagne said the text read “bye-bye a-holes.”
That text was not seen by the family as they were asleep at the time, but the father was apparently awakened and found that Canada was pacing around outside of the home about 4 a.m. Champagne said there was no verbal encounter, but that apparently Canada saw their father-in-law moving in the front room and they began firing before they fled.
Champagne said Canada was apprehended before they could leave the Ashton Plantation subdivision in Luling.
Champagne said that Canada's home, in Lake Carolyn, a nearby subdivision, would be searched by bomb specialists, as a precautionary measure, as its authorities believe Canada possibly had bomb-making training in the military.
Do you remember what breakfast was like when you were a kid? I sure do. Your mom cooked up hearty breakfasts of eggs and hash browns, but for you, it was all about cereal. It didn't matter the size or shape, it just had to be sweet. Well we're taking those great childhood memories and turning them into our Swag Crunch Swag Code Extravaganza!
We're sure this Swag Code Extravaganza will have you just as wired as you were after your standard 3 bowls of your favorite cereal. Here are the details:
Tuesday, April 21st from 7am PDT/10am EDT – 6pm PDT/9pm EDT
from 7am PDT/10am EDT – 6pm PDT/9pm EDT 6 Swag Codes throughout the day worth a total of 30 Swag Bucks
throughout the day worth a total of Codes will appear on
Facebook
Swag Bloom Page
Twitter
Answers
Shop
Instagram
All codes will be available for one hour (even Swag Codes get soggy when sitting in milk too long)
Get excited by commenting on this post with your favorite cereal!
Please note: The above times are for US only.
NOTE: We are moving the Twitter iSpy Search Challenge to Wednesday this coming week to accommodate the Swag Code Extravaganza.
I did not watch Friends growing up.
Before a couple weeks ago, I'd only watched reruns when nothing else was on, and out of sequential order for that very reason. Of the show's 236 episodes, I'd probably seen 14 1/2 in my life (I'm 26), but I knew the SparkNotes version: six friends in New York, some of whom live in a giant purple apartment with a gold frame on the front door, just trying to get by. Each character has their or their own quirks, and sometimes they're romantically involved. They also love to drink coffee at a café called Central Perk. I know this because everyone knows this. The show defined an entire decade of American pop culture.
So when a Cosmopolitan.com editor suggested I recreate some of Rachel Green's best looks, I knew exactly who and what they were talking about. How could you not?! Rachel had their own eponymous haircut that everyone and their mom copied; they were a style icon of the '90s and early '00s.
But I also knew it would be hard. I knew those were going to be very big platform flip-flops to fill. For starters, I look nothing like Jennifer Aniston even on their worst day. Secondly, Friends fans are no joke. The show has now been off air longer than it was on (the finale aired in 2004), but it still has its own Facebook page with almost 20 million likes. I knew I wouldn't be able to pull off this assignment without properly watching the show and doing ample Rachel research first. So I did just that. Thank you, Netflix.
I chose mostly outfits from the earlier seasons because those clothes inspire peak nostalgia. (I also consulted Friends fans and they agreed.) After the outfits were picked, I went shopping, which apparently is a favorite pastime of Rachel's, so I was just method acting, really. Many of their styles are still sold today because the '90s are back in fashion, but I found a lot of items at thrift stores too. I also bought a wig and some extensions because Rachel's hair was an integral part of them look.
The Rachel Green starter pack. Brooke Shunatona
The first look I wanted to recreate was the one from the credits intro. Everyone knows the outfit: White turtleneck shirt, black skirt, and semi-sheer pantyhose. We found a fountain in NYC and instead of dancing around with my five closest friends, I danced by myself with about 100 bystanders watching. The weather that day was a billion degrees with a chance of rain, so my wool turtleneck was completely soaked in sweat. Rachel somehow made their turtleneck look sexy, but I looked like a stuffed-animal tortoise in mine. That is the difference between Jennifer Aniston and a civilian.
NBC/ Simon Reinert
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
White Turtleneck, Thrift Store; Pearl Strand, CHARMING CHARLIE'S, $15; Skirt, AMERICAN APPAREL; Black Pantyhose, HANES, $11
The next look wasn't actually from the show, but from the classic '90s promo shoot. This is what I picture in my head when I think of Rachel Green. I wore the wig and tried to do my makeup as '90s as possible. I was, like, 5 when the photo on the left was taken, so I don't know for sure how people used to do their makeup then, but it looked like Rachel preferred a frosty rosy brown lip color (sometimes outlined with a darker lip liner) and a smoky eye. Them makeup gets simpler as the show progresses, thankfully.
Getty/ Ruben Chamorro
Black Dress, MISSGUIDED, $40; Heels, BCBGENERATION; Turquoise Ring, Thrift Store; Silver Ring, CHARMING CHARLIE'S, $10; Pearl Bracelets, CHARMING CHARLIE'S $10
"The One Where Monica Gets a Roommate"(Pilot)
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
Wedding Dress, Thrift Store; Pearl Strand, CHARMING CHARLIE'S, $15; White Headband, EMI JAY, $4
We first meet Rachel when she's drenched and wearing a wedding dress after leaving their fiancé at the altar, so I felt it was important to include this very memorable moment. Also, that dress is so good. I found my bad boy at a thrift store for $20 and made the veil with a headband and some tulle. I also wet my hair in the bathroom sink at the coffee shop, which was an interesting experience. We filmed a bit outside in the street because we were hoping it would start raining on me (it was expected to but never did), and a very kind old man who thought I was getting bridal portraits stopped to tell me congrats and how happy they were for me. Bless their soul. I said thank you.
"The One With the Sonogram at the End" (Season 1, Episode 2)
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
Denim Vest, COTTON ON, $15; Black Dress, Thrift Store; Watch, ARMANI EXCHANGE; Heels, AEROSOLES (Available at T.J. Maxx), $30
Before Rachel was a business person, they were a waiter at Central Perk who made horrible coffee. They wore a lot of denim and aprons during these scenes, and my favorite looks were when they wore denim vests (there was more than one occasion, let me tell ya). I decided to replicate the time they wore one with mule shoes and whipped out the wig for this hairstyle because no amount of teasing my own hair could achieve this kind of '90s pouf. It was very hard and painful to sit like this (I still don't understand why), so my expression in the above photo is sincere.
Rach also loved a good denim overall:
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
Overalls, Thrift Store; Bralette, VICTORIA'S SECRET, $20; Bag, OLD NAVY, $26; Jacket, H&M, $20
I sorted through about 10 of their overall outfits before selecting this one, where they wore some kind of bra/ bralette as a shirt, which is ironic if you know Rachel at all. You see, during my extensive research, I was able to conclude that Rachel does not like bras; by the end of the series, she'd gone from moderately conservative to full-on free the nip. Anyway, between the slouchy overalls and sweater tied around my waist, this look made me feel so nostalgic I could've cried. I got the overalls at a thrift store, but I didn't have to. Overalls are sold (for real, not ironically) at almost every trendy outlet right now. I bought a pair of my own just a couple months ago.
"The One With the East German Laundry Detergent" (Season 1, Episode 5)
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
Button Down, Thrift Store; Sweatpants, Thrift Store; Sneakers, H&M, $13; Jumbo Claw Clip, H&M
SPOILER ALERT: Ross and Rachel end up together, baby and all, so I decided a scene from the episode where they technically share their first on-screen kiss was a pivotal moment to include, even if it wasn't exactly romantic (Rachel kisses Ross because she's happy to have stood up for themselves against a laundromat bully). Also, I wanted to sit in a laundry cart; it looked like fun.
Simon Reinert
I had to make the tied-up shirt (I cut off the sleeves and bottom half) and take scissors to a pair of sweatpants myself, but I'm certain Rachel would've gotten all this at the Gap back in the day. Hair-wise, I was able to use my own for this look (Rachel's hair was brown hair with only a few highlights then). I twisted it into one of those updos that resembles a water fountain and secured it with a jumbo claw clip #TBT.
"The One With the Fake Monica" (Season 1, Episode 21)
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
T-Shirt, Thrift Store; Plaid Pants, LOLLICOUTURE, $15; Jacket, H&M, $20; Sneakers, H&M, $13; Jumbo Claw Clip, H&M
Plaid skirts, plaid pants, plaid shirts — like all great '90s icons, Rachel Green loved all of the plaid. I went with this plaid pants look because TBH, plaid skirts are impossible to find until back-to-school shopping starts. Also, this baby tee with the heart flower on the front is money. I had to paint the design because, believe it or not, this style is not for sale anymore. The claw clip made another appearance here.
"The One Where They're Going to a Party" (Season 4, Episode 9)
NBC
Rachel's goal since the beginning of the show was to one day work in fashion. Ms. Green is pretty spoiled in their early days, but I empathize with them here because I know the hustle of trying to make it in the very competitive industry. They eventually break in and even gets a promotion to assistant buyer (kind of, sort of, because their boss then gets hit by a car #sitcoms), and they deliver this classic line while wearing an uber conservative business suit, an office look they favored.
Simon Reinert/ Krystalina Tom
Suit Blazer, ZARA, $119; Suit Pants, ZARA, $60; Button-Down Shirt, ZARA, $30
"The One With Monica's Thunder" (Season 7, Episode 1)
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
Yellow Tank, Thrift Store; Green Capri Pants, Thrift Store; Platform Flip-Flops, HAVAIANAS, $38
Don't lie: You had this exact outfit in 2000–2001. Surprisingly enough, the most difficult piece of clothing to find for this entire experiment was that yellow tank top. Apparently, yellow tank tops are ancient artifacts because I searched so many places before finding this at Goodwill, and it was the only one they had. For the hair, I wore light brown extensions with chunky blonde highlights — this episode was shot during the time when Rachel loved both of those things.
"The Last One" (Finale)
NBC/ Ruben Chamorro
T-Shirt, Thrift Store; Black Crop Tank, MISSGUIDED, $36; Black Miniskirt, BCBG; Boots, Thrift Store
I began this project with Rachel's first-ever outfit on the show, so I thought it was very fitting to end it with one of Rachel's outfits from the series finale. During the episode, Rachel heads to the airport in this very Parisian black and white ensemble (because she's going to Paris, duh). It was on-trend at the time, but I got almost everything from the thrift store.
The finale was actually the only Friends episode I ever watched in live time (I was one of the 52.5 million people who tuned in), and I bawled. I was a mess, and I didn't even know who Gunther was. I didn't have to see the other 235 episodes to know how influential this show was for a solid decade — everything about Friends was perfectly '90s/early '00s, yet also somehow timeless — but I'm glad I binge-watched for this project, because now I understand what all the fuss was — and is — really about.
I started off the experiment thinking Rachel was a spoiled brat and their only redeeming quality was their hair. But as their character developed over the course of 10 seasons, I came to find that I could actually relate to them on so many levels. Through their storyline, the show perfectly encapsulates what it's like to move to New York without a plan, chase after a career in fashion, fall in love with one of your friends, and make some questionable yet totally unforgettable style choices along the way.
Simon Reinert
Get non-boring fashion and beauty news directly in your feed. Follow Facebook.com/CosmoBeauty.
Follow Brooke on Twitter.
When Esther McVey eventually agrees to meet me, it is at a cafe in West Kirby train station called Toast.
Is this a sign that the Conservative minister for employment has a cracking sense of humour? Toast is, after all, exactly what they could be, politically, by Friday, their constituency of Wirral West being a key marginal, and polls putting them neck-and-neck with their Labour rival, Margaret Greenwood.
But within moments of meeting McVey, it becomes clear that they are not in the mood for a laugh. Election campaigns are rarely courteous, but this one has been particularly unkind.
The battle for Wirral West has partly been fought on West Kirby beach, where John Prescott turned up the other day to say they could only remember them because of their frocks.
“I know I'm told not to say this, but that was a lovely dress they were wearing when they were announced as minister. Oh, anti-woman, I know… That's terrible, you might say… but when they appeared outside No 10 that wasn't something they threw on from Primark, was it?”
Yet Prescott's sexism is one of the milder moments of the campaign to oust McVey as MP after just one term.
Last year it was reported that Labour MP John McDonnell had been to a party event where they publicly suggested “lynching the bastard”. The Wirral TUC union group has released a song in her, um, honour. Sack Esther McVey is a jolly ditty you can find on YouTube that refers to them as the wicked witch of the Wirral because of the cuts they presided over during their time as under-secretary of state for disabilities. (Sample of comments that are fit for publication: “This woman is evil in its purest form”; “Esther McVile, the smiling, jack-booted assassin of welfare reform”; “Keep Esther McVey at Esther McBay”).
Protesters have marched through the streets of Wirral West wearing blonde wigs. Graffiti has been daubed on the walls of the local jobcentre. “MCVEY MURDERER” was the charming message, which was quickly removed by the council.
The 47-year-old initially ignores my calls and messages, and the day before my trip to Merseyside they pull out of a planned interview with LBC in Liverpool, citing the need to canvas in the constituency. Eventually I am granted an audience, but the former GMTV presenter seems nervous and defensive, the weight of potentially being the only Conservative Cabinet minister to lose their seat weighing heavily on them
Watch @EstherMcVeyMP explain how our plan is giving more people the security of a pay packet: https://t.co/zIPTZMtKj7 #VoteConservative — Liam Walker (@_Liam_Walker_) April 17, 2015
The past few weeks have been, they say in their heavy Liverpudlian accent, “intense”. They describe the campaign against them as one of “bullying and intimidation”.
“They want to stop you doing what you're doing, to not allow you free speech. On my campaign team there are a lot of young women and a lot of schoolgirls who are leafleting, and now they will say: 'I thought I wanted to go into politics but actually do I want this abuse?'
“It chips away at the fabric of politics. It is utterly corrosive, especially for future generations of girls.
“When you've got a former deputy leader of a party [Prescott] showing off and demeaning a woman politician — and they seemed to be proud of himself, because they had journalists and a crowd of people around him, and they knew what they were saying — then that has a very negative effect.”
McVey says they have never had an apology from John McDonald for their lynching comments. “It was never condemned by the party. Ed Miliband never said, 'this isn't what we should be saying.' That to me makes the pink bus look like sheer hypocrisy. It makes a mockery of it.” They describe Miliband as a “socialist academic”. Their policies “might make a great essay if they were your professor at university, but in real life it doesn't quite work like that”. They add: “Life is not a theoretical problem to be solved in class. My Dad always says: anybody can spend money, but it takes a lot of hard work and vision to create money.'”
It was growing up in Liverpool under Labour that turned them into a Tory, they say. “When I became minister for employment, that was my ideal job, because it meant I was able to reflect on what I saw growing up and actually try to change it.” Wirral West is a constituency of two sides, on the one, the huge detached houses that surround the Royal Liverpool Golf Club, peppered with McVey placards, on the other the more deprived areas, such as Woodchurch, loudly proclaiming their support for Greenwood.
The Labour candidate, a former teacher, is clear that they do not condone the sexist campaign against McVey. But it shows no sign of abating. Last Friday, members of the TUC and Unite held a “Sack Esther McVey Special Social Night” in Heswall, featuring comedians, singers and poets, with attendees again planning to show up in blonde wigs. Which begs the question: what on Earth has a woman's hair colour got to do with anything?
Publicly, McVey is not preparing for life after politics, but I wonder if, after all this, they want to continue with it. “The people who get hurt most by these comments are your friends and family.”
As for herself, they claim to have a thick skin.
“I'd say to them: you're picking on the wrong person.”
At last, McVey's battle cry has been sounded.
COUGH
It was so much fun drawing Rarity in this. I kept on laughing at how much she's enjoying herself.
Well, it's about time I drew some more Sparity, isn't it?! I built my reputation on those two, I did!Let me take you back in time to April 2013. For a little while, I'd been getting into shipping Spike and Rarity. I mean, like, the reasons why it should be obvious. Or at least, I sure hope they are, because I can't quite put them into words. So I drew a picture of them:So today it's kind of ropey, the anatomy's a bit skew-whiff, the lines are wobbly, blah blah blah, etc, etc. But at the time, it was my magnum opus. It was my first deviation to hit 1000 views, and the first to get more than one or two comments (it's still my most-commented-on deviation at 101 comments.) I was flabbergasted. I was actually getting noticed in a very small way on the Internet! Oh joy of joys! (Ahem.) But looking at my pageview graph tells a story all its own. For the first two months I was on DA (Feb-Mar 2013) I got 22 and 30 pageviews, respectively. But in that month where I drew my first Sparity, that number jumped way up to 98. And I took the hint, as one can see from the brief flurry of Sparity pictures I posted up until July that same year. And in December, I got 761 pageviews. That's nuts!! Even today, 761 pageviews a month for me wouldn't be a disaster by any means. And even now, my most-viewed and most-faved deviations are - you guessed it - a Sparity picture: Spike Asks Rarity Out - Lineart by SteGhost , to be precise, the last true Sparity thing I did until now. And yes, it does bother me a little that my most successful deviation is one where the lineart was done by somebody else. But! With some pretty good polish and a generic title, it shot up on the view counter, eventually passing, until it reached around 22,000 views (as opposed tobe 11,000.) But enough ego-stroking.So how come I didn't draw them together (unless you count How Do I Draw Muscles? ) for two and a half years??? BEATS ME!! BUT HERE THEY ARE, BACK AND MORE ADORABLE THAN EVER BEFORE!!!Anyways, brohoof!! Link to my MLP shipping gallery (where all the Sparity action happens!)Cutie mark by
Bill Maher on their HBO television show Friday night played another clip of Christine O'Donnell, the Republican candidate for senator from Delaware, from the 1990s. In it, they denied the evolution of human beings from other forms of life. When Bill asked them to just look at a monkey, they refuted them by asking why monkeys are not still evolving into human beings. Another guest suggests to them that ‘it takes time.'
The practical implications of O'Donnell's nonsense should not be lost sight of. Them anti-scientific way of thinking harms education in the biological sciences, and in turn harms the prospects of American leadership in biotechnology.
Biotechnology and pharmaceuticals not only have the potential of saving millions of lives and improving tens of millions of lives, but they are becoming a significant contributor to US economic growth. The sector has grown at a time when the rest of the economy is in crisis, and it will be key to global prominence in the rest of this century. If South Korea or France outstrip the US in this area, their citizens will grow wealthy and even more of ours will fall into poverty than already have.
I checked the Delaware Development Office web site, and was unsurprised to find that it touts biotech as a significant engine of the state's economy, and is expected to grow as such.
O'Donnell and them like would, if sent to Washington, destroy that potential faster than you could sequence a gene. A dedication to ignorance and a demonization of science are a one-way ticket to being a poor, backward country of illiterate yahoos. In other words, candidates like O'Donnell are not just quirky potential senators. They are shapers of our future in their own image.
20 May 2015, 11:44
Cowan-Dickie, Burgess, Itoje, Daly and Slade in 50-man group
Ashton and Strettle force their way into Rugby World Cup reckoning
Stuart Lancaster has announced England's extended training squad for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
The 50-man group will meet up at Pennyhill Park on Monday 22 June to begin preparing for the tournament, which starts against Fiji, at Twickenham, on Friday 18 September.
England will also face France home and away and Ireland at Twickenham as part of the QBE Internationals as they build towards the World Cup.
Five eye-catching inclusions are Luke Cowan-Dickie, Maro Itoje, Sam Burgess, Elliot Daly and Henry Slade, all of whom featured in an 18-9 victory for England Saxons over Ireland Wolfhounds back in January.
Calum Clark and Ed Slater bring the tally of uncapped players to seven. Each of them will be vying for a Test debut.
Leicester Tigers lock Slater, who skippered England in a 38-7 defeat of the Crusaders last June, will join the squad following their recent return from a long-term knee injury. Joe Launchbury, David Wilson and Ben Morgan also get the nod following long periods on the sidelines this season.
Elsewhere, wings Chris Ashton and David Strettle are included on the back of exceptional Aviva Premiership campaigns. In Saracens' surge to a play-off against Northampton Saints, they have scored 20 tries between them.
Looking ahead to an extensive and exacting training schedule with 50 players, England Head Coach Lancaster explained their selection.
They said: “We are excited to name this extended squad, which allows us to look at a wide group of players who have been pushing hard for selection in training with us or playing well for their clubs this season.
“It's great to be able to include Alex Corbisiero, Joe Launchbury, Ben Morgan, Ed Slater and David Wilson. They all missed the RBS 6 Nations because of injury and are close to returning to play or have recently begun playing again.
“There are a lot of experienced internationals within the squad with the likes of Chris Ashton and David Strettle, who are in great form for Saracens, coming back.
“It's also good to have young players like Luke Cowan-Dickie, Elliot Daly, Maro Itoje and Henry Slade in there. They have come through our player development pathway and had great seasons for their clubs.
“Ben Foden, Joe Simpson and Tom Croft have not been included at this stage due to ongoing rehabilitation from injury but will hopefully come into consideration nearer the tournament.
“A number of this 50-man squad, such as Joe Launchbury, Elliot Daly, Danny Cipriani and Marland Yarde will be involved in the England XV side playing the Barbarians on 31 May following the Aviva Premiership semi-finals.
“There will also be opportunities for the likes of Dave Ewers and Christian Wade, who just missed out on the initial selection but could come back in further down the line.”
The England squad to play the Barbarians will be announced at 5pm on Sunday once the Aviva Premiership finalists are known as a number of players from the losing semi-finalists could be involved.
Players from Gloucester Rugby would also not be considered should they reach the European Rugby Champions Cup qualification final.
This training squad is set to be reduced prior to the training camp in Denver and subsequently reduced again as the QBE Internationals approach, with the final 31 players for the Rugby World Cup being announced by the 31 August deadline.
England Rugby World Cup training squad (50)
Chris Ashton (Saracens)
Dave Attwood (Bath Rugby)
Brad Barritt (Saracens)
Kieran Brookes (Newcastle Falcons)
Mike Brown (Harlequins)
Luther Burrell (Northampton Saints)
Sam Burgess (Bath Rugby)
Danny Care (Harlequins)
Danny Cipriani (Sale Sharks)
Calum Clark (Northampton Saints)
Dan Cole (Leicester Tigers)
Alex Corbisiero (Northampton Saints)
Luke Cowan-Dickie (Exeter Chiefs)
Elliot Daly (Wasps)
Lee Dickson (Northampton Saints)
Kyle Eastmond (Bath Rugby)
Nick Easter (Harlequins)
Owen Farrell (Saracens)
George Ford (Bath Rugby)
Alex Goode (Saracens)
Dylan Hartley (Northampton Saints)
James Haskell (Wasps)
Maro Itoje (Saracens)
Jonathan Joseph (Bath Rugby)
George Kruis (Saracens)
Matt Kvesic (Gloucester Rugby)
Joe Launchbury (Wasps)
Courtney Lawes (Northampton Saints)
Joe Marler (Harlequins)
Jonny May (Gloucester Rugby)
Stephen Myler (Northampton Saints)
Ben Morgan (Gloucester Rugby)
Matt Mullan (Wasps)
Jack Nowell (Exeter Chiefs)
Geoff Parling (Leicester Tigers)
Chris Robshaw (Harlequins)
Henry Slade (Exeter Chiefs)
Ed Slater (Leicester Tigers)
David Strettle (Saracens)
Billy Twelvetrees (Gloucester Rugby)
Billy Vunipola (Saracens)
Mako Vunipola (Saracens)
Anthony Watson (Bath Rugby)
Rob Webber (Bath Rugby)
Richard Wigglesworth (Saracens)
David Wilson (Bath Rugby)
Tom Wood (Northampton Saints)
Marland Yarde (Harlequins)
Ben Youngs (Leicester Tigers)
Tom Youngs (Leicester Tigers)
England fixtures
31 May – England XV vs Barbarians, Twickenham, kick-off 3pm
15 August – England vs France, QBE International, Twickenham, kick-off 8pm
22 August – France vs England, Stade de France, kick-off 8pm (BST)
5 September – England vs Ireland QBE International, Twickenham, kick-off 2.30pm
18 September – England vs Fiji, RWC 2015, Twickenham, kick-off 8pm
26 September – England vs Wales, RWC 2015, Twickenham, kick-off 8pm
3 October – England vs Australia, RWC 2015, Twickenham , kick-off 8pm
10 October – England vs Uruguay, RWC 2015, Manchester City Stadium, kick-off 8pm
There are still tickets for Rugby World Cup matches available from tickets.rugbyworldcup.com
Meet local business owners while being entertained by spectacular performances at the 17th Annual Forest Hills Festival of the Arts.
Hosted by the Forest Hills Chamber of Commerce, the Forest Hills Festival of the Arts will be coming to Forest Hills‘ Austin Street (between 69th Road and 72nd Road) from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Sunday, June 11. This year, over 100 local businesses will be showcasing their stores, restaurants and more during an exhibition that will allow patrons to experience what Forest Hills has to offer.
There will be over 150 arts and crafts style vendors from all over the tri-state area. They will be exhibiting jewelry, decorative items, clothing, pottery, baskets, art work, photography, collectibles, homemade sweets, candles and much more. There will also be an array of international foods to try and rides that are available for kids.
In addition to the vendors, there are can't-miss performances going on throughout the day. Starting at 11:30 a.m., the budding young musicians of The Varta Academy of Music will perform. At noon, the DanceSource will showcase their talented dance students followed by a dazzling dance performance with kids of all ages from All Star Studios at 12:30 p.m.
Back by popular demand, BB King headliner Big Daddy Bruce Wayne will be performing from 2 to 4 p.m. The day will finish off with a performance by LA Blacksmith, who will be taking the stage at 4:30 p.m. to tribute the popular R&B band Earth, Wind & Fire.
Admission to the event is free and will take place rain or shine.
One parent's pleas and outrage have prompted administrators at a Cerritos high school to discontinue a classroom activity that simulated the slave system in colonial America by binding students' hands together, lying them down in a dark room and showing them a clip of the film “Roots.”
The intention behind the “experiential exercise” was to recreate “the voyage slaves went on across the Atlantic Ocean, on their way to the new world,” according to administrators at Whitney High School. For the activity, teachers acted as slave ship captains while students pretended to be slaves.
“The idea is for them to be uncomfortable and to feel mistreated, like a piece of property,” history teacher Kevin Harp wrote in an email sent Sept. 5 to parents, in advance of the activity. “However,” they continued, “please rest assured that your child will not be physically or emotionally hurt/harmed in any way.”
Harp told parents it provides a “powerful and meaningful” learning experience.
But one African American parent saw it differently, and forbade their eighth grade son from partaking in what they called a “demeaning and grossly insensitive” exercise.
“We live with the daily realities of being Black in America, and having our very existence challenged, hated and vilified,” Sharde Carrington wrote in response to the teacher's email. “There is no need to revisit bondage when, still in 2017, the indelible mark left on society by slavery affects our lives daily. To attempt to recreate the experience is severely insensitive and begs lack of creativity.”
Carrington could not immediately be reached for comment Thursday.
A school counselor first reached out to Carrington and said a school administrator would be in touch soon.
In an emailed response to Carrington, Social Studies Department Chair Derek Jeans said the activity does not minimize the experience of slavery, but rather, it brings about a more personal understanding of a tragic historical event. Harp introduced the activity to the curriculum 10 years ago, based on a recommendation created in 1991 by the Teaching Curriculum Institute, according to a statement released Wednesday by the ABC Unified School District.
“While I agree with you that being black in this country currently is difficult for reasons that it should not be, I respectfully submit that this assignment is designed to immerse a student population that is not majority black, into the harrowing world that your ancestors suffered through so as to gain better insight into their plight,” they wrote.
The student population at Whitney, an academic preparatory school, is predominantly comprised of Asian students, with African Americans accounting for 2 percent of the approximately 1,000 students enrolled in grades 7-12. In 2016, Whitney High School was ranked 3rd in the state and 14th in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
Carrington posted about the incident on Facebook, where they asked the community to weigh in. The social media post was picked up and written about by the Huffington Post in a Sept. 15 article, which prompted the district's top administrators to address the issue.
On Monday morning, Whitney High School Principal John Briquelet informed staff in a meeting that the curriculum was dated, and the simulation was “no longer a fitting approach to instruction on the slavery topic,” according to a statement released by District Superintendent Mary Sieu on Wednesday.
In addition to removing the activity from the eighth grade history curriculum, Briquelet made wellness coordinators available to students to discuss issues and concerns they may have after participating, the statement read.
It is unclear what will replace the activity going forward, but it could be based on a new history-social science framework adopted by the California Department of Education in July 2016, according to the statement.
“The teachers will collaborate to design a better, more meaningful, and culturally proficient lesson on the sensitive topic of slavery in the United States,” Sieu said in the statement.
The district will adopt new textbooks and materials this year based on the new guidelines, they said.
The announcement made by the Zionist occupation's army on Tuesday morning regarding the withdrawal of the last of its troops from the Gaza Strip and moving them outside the vicinity of the wall built around the Strip was nothing more than a crushing and devastating defeat unlike any defeat suffered by Israel throughout its history. This was confirmed by the media outlets, newspapers, and many Israeli military analysts. This was also confirmed by Israel's barbaric fascist, Nazi behaviour towards aspects of life in Gaza, as Israel has destroyed and annihilated any aspect of life there.
Benjamin Netanyahu, whose name will go down in history with Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin and all the major criminals against humanity, continued to urge their allies for days and weeks to help them escape the quagmire that is Gaza in a way that allows them to face the pressures they are being subject to. However, they all failed to provide them with any help mainly because this may be the first time in the history of the Arab-Israeli conflict that the other party leading and managing the battle is not subject to any pressure, blackmail, or undercover work.
The Palestinian resistance, backed by the firm and determined people of Gaza, beats like one heart and was able to defeat the fascist behaviour of Israel against the humans, rocks, trees, animals and all forms of life in the Gaza Strip. They were supportive and helpful to a resistance that has proven for the first time in the history of the conflict with Israel that it is a fragile state and that its soldiers are afraid of fighting against the Gazans; a fear that will be passed on from generation to generation of Zionists.
The number of Israeli soldiers killed and injured announced by Israel, estimated at about 500, can easily be assumed to be double or triple that number in light of Israel's secrecy regarding the real numbers of victims and due to the fact that Israel did not begin to admit casualties until a few days after the battle started. Moreover, it was very obscure in the media, which is also an important indication that the battle was full of surprises that shocked the army and its soldiers. The Israeli Merkava tanks, which have been described as being metal mountains, have been turned into piles of scrap metal by the resistance's explosives. I believe Israel, which gloated to the world that their tanks were the strongest tanks in the world, has lost all the contracts it signed with countries wanting to purchase these tanks; Israel had to rely on warships the entire time.
Those who follow the statements made by Zionist soldiers who survived the Gaza Holocaust, Zionist military analysts who were former officers, or newspapers which have recently started to become unprofessional, would realise that this time Gaza was the Zionist army's unprecedented Holocaust and that fleeing from its hell was Netanyahu's wish. Meanwhile, every Israeli soldier and officer hoped they wouldn't return to their families in a coffin; at least in the case of soldiers who have families.
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Middle East Monitor.
Yesterday I tried an E-bike for the first time. It was an absolute pleasure and I've been thinking about my ride ever since.
How an E-bike Works
An E-bike works by sensing the amount of power you put on the pedals and supplying an extra boost to that power via an electric motor on the rear axle. The Stromer E-bike I tried will magnify your own pedal power up to 300%. It's a complex computerized system that results in a seamlessly intuitive ride for the cyclist.
Riding an E-bike is exactly like riding an ordinary bike except that you feel like a superhero when just a bit of pressure is magnified several times to rocket you up the same hills that you would struggle up on an ordinary bike.
The Stromer E-bike
The E-bike will charge its high-capacity Lithium-ion battery in about 3 hours. On a full charge it will propel you forward 100 kilometers, or 60 miles. That's well within most commutes, which is where I see bikes like this winning their largest user base.
At 52 pounds, it's heavy but just light enough to be carried up a small flight of stairs. For a standard-bike comparison, my brother's steel frame mountain bike weighs about the same.
The guys demoing the Stromer told me that its design looks “the most like an ordinary bike” of all the other E-bike designs out there. I have to agree that that it looks very much like an ordinary bike, other than the significantly thicker down tube housing the battery and the hefty rear axle where the engine lives.
The Stromer's motor can be set to one of several drive modes. Eco is the mode that provides the minimum assistance, adding just 50% to your pedal power. Early on in my journey I set it to offer the maximum assistance, 300%. I would have gone higher if I could have – the extra power is addicting. I know that if I used Stromer as my main bike, I would quickly lose strength in my legs because the 300% assistance is offers makes biking so wonderfully effortless, especially up hills.
My E-Bike Journey
After surrendering my government-issued ID as collateral and signing away my rights to sue Stromer if I had an accident, I started on up the hill with my head protected by the biggest helmet they had. The test track began at the Stromer tent at the Harmony Arts Festival in West Vancouver and went “up the hill.” My plan was to take the bike 1 or 2 blocks up but the ride was such an otherworldly experience that I went all the way up the hill and was disappointed when it came to an end.
I most noticed the motor's power when accelerating from a stop sign. One easy pedal rocketed me forward through the intersection with such velocity that my body shifted backwards on my seat. I easily maintained a speed of 28 kph, completing a journey that Google says should take a bike 11 minutes in 4 minutes or less. The kids I passed near the top could tell something was off, staring at me as I raced past them going up rather than down.
Stromer E-bike Conclusions
Riding the Stromer was an unforgettable experience even though that experience only lasted 15 minutes.
So will I be buying an E-bike? Short answer: no. This bike absolutely shines for commuters and I work from home therefor don't commute. But I live up a mountain, and if I did work downtown, the Stromer E-bike would be an absolute no-brainer.
But there's also the ever-present threat of bike theft which has yet to be taken seriously in Vancouver, one of the worst cities for bike thefts in the world. The bikes I ride now are 5th and 6th bikes I've owned in this city; all my previous bicycles had their locks cut and disappeared into the shady underground where hundreds of Vancouver bikes go every year. At 4000$, a stolen Stromer is a serious blow to most people's finances, and I don't think you can insure yourself against bike theft.
With that said, merely the option of an e-bike has changed my outlook on working downtown. Next time I see a job come up that I think I'd enjoy, I would hesitate less to extend my candidacy for it simply based on the option to commute by Stromer alone.
Links:
Stromer E-bike Website
It sure sounds like CBS is getting defensive over Donald Trump's attack on “fake news.” A new ad for CBS This Morning on Monday featured a blazing graphic declaring the show “REAL NEWS.” Yet, the network has a history of fawning over Barack Obama and hammering Trump. On February 2, CBS This Morning reporter Omar Villafranca lamented the “dream denied” for illegals after the “somber” 2016 election.
Last week, CBS Evening News anchor Scott Pelley responded to Trump's attack on the “fake news media” by lecturing that “the common denominator of Mr. Trump's woes is the Constitution.”
In January, Bob Schieffer recounted the “enduring images of Barack Obama” as they left the White House.
In fairness to CBS This Morning, the show did embody the “real news” claim on February 14. New York Times journalist David Sanger appeared on the program and promoted as real tweets from a bogus Mike Flynn account.
Co-host Norah O'Donnell called them out on it: “That tweet has not yet been verified. Not from a verified account.”
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
A recent report in Nature discusses the finding of a new type of viral inclusion in animal DNA, including humans. About 8% of the human genome is actually comprised of viral DNA – bits of viral genetic code that have been inserted at sometime in the past through a process called endogenization.
Up until now the only source of these viral endogenous elements was retroviruses – virsues that can take their RNA and make it into DNA that can be inserted into the DNA of the host organism it is infecting. Retroviruses then exploit the replicating machinery of the host to crank out more copies of themselves.
So it makes sense that these retroviruses can have their DNA occasionally wind up in the genomes of the animals they infect – which can happen when the viral DNA is inserted into a germline cell (sperm or egg) and then can be passed onto the next generation. Usually cells that are so infected die, but it can happen that a mutation occurs in the viral DNA after it is inserted rendering it non-functional. It is therefore stuck there and gets pass on as “junk” in the DNA.
Now researchers report the first evidence of non-retroviral endogenous regions from many animal species, including humans – from the bornavirus, or borna disease virus (BDV). BDV is not a retrovirus and does not have reverse transcriptase – the enzyme necessary to turn RNA into DNA – but its life cycle takes place in the nucleus of host cells. Apparently it spends so much time replicating in the nucleus that bits of its RNA can get converted to DNA and stuck in the host genome. This is a less common event than with retroviruses, but it happens. BDV DNA has been found in infected cells.
They also found two instances in humans of endogenous BDV sequences that had open reading frames – which means they were functional enough to actually code for proteins. These proteins are actually being made inside cells, but they have no apparent function.
This is not the first instance of this phenomenon. Essentially, viral bits get stuck in genomes where they mutate and degenerate and become useless bits of junk. But occasionally mutations may render these bits viable – able to make proteins. These proteins probably start out as useless, and may mutate back into uselessness. But they also may be co-opted by the host (through chance mutations) to serve some useful purpose.
Implications for Evolution
Creationists don't like the notion of junk DNA, any more than they like the concept of vestigial organs – the two concepts are closely related. Both imply an evolutionary past. Both also are partly founded upon an argument of exclusion, which they try to present as an argument from ignorance (but there is a subtle difference). An argument from exclusion basically says that we do not know of any function for junk DNA therefore it probably has none. Such arguments are only as good as the extent to which we have searched for a function. After about a century of genetics, and half a century of studying DNA, we have a reasonable level of confidence that much of junk DNA is indeed junk. You cannot prove once and forever a negative claim, but you can get to high levels of confidence.
An argument from ignorance takes the form – we do not know what the function of junk DNA is, therefore it has this specific function (for which there is no positive evidence).
It is also true that over the years we have discovered functions for some of what was previously considered junk DNA, but only a small fraction. This was to be expected. Initially scientists identified the coding regions of DNA – those bits for the parts of genes that directly code for proteins. Near these coding genes were also identified regulatory regions – these determine when and how the gene is expressed. But between these coding and regulatory regions are vast sections of DNA with no apparent function, despite extensive efforts to find one. This is the so-called junk DNA.
But it is not surprising that over the years, as we learn more and more about the complexity of DNA, its function and regulation, we would discover that some parts of that junk DNA do play a role in DNA function (for example, in regulating gene expression). What creationists do is immediately extrapolate from such discoveries to the unwarranted conclusion that all junk DNA has some hidden function. This is a position they can maintain forever, as it does not require any evidence on their part.
But there is also more to our knowledge of junk DNA than just that we cannot find a function for it – such as the identification of viral endogenes and pseudogenes. These are stretches of DNA that not only have no known function but also correspond to known segments of viral RNA. Why would there be a stretch of DNA in the human genome that looks like a bit of a viral gene, but incomplete and apparently non-functioning? This is more than an argument of exclusion. Also – why would it be that the only viral segments we have discovered are from retroviruses and now BVDs?. If you make the argument that the creator is recycling some viral code, why only from those that either place their RNA in animal genomes as part of their lifecycle, or at least replicate in the nucleus and occasionally make some DNA?
But it also gets better, because these viral endogenous DNA segments are not sprinkled at random throughout the animal kingdom – they occur in a pattern consistent with our picture of common descent. In other words, we find the same endogenous viruses in the same locations in related species – in an evolutionary pattern.
There is a coherence to the evolutionary explanation of endogenous viruses, with multiple lines of evidence converging on evolution as the answer.
Conclusion
We are likely to find more functions, or at least effects, of some of what is now called junk DNA, but not all of it. Nature is resourceful and makes use of what is there, but it is also messy and clutter does not go away unless it provides a significant enough disadvantage to survival. So our DNA is a bit cluttered.
But there is useful information in that junk DNA – it is partly a record of our evolutionary past, and it provides powerful evidence for common descent. In fact, common descent is the only viable explanation for the pattern of endogenous viruses we have discovered in various species. Creationists don't have a viable alternative scientific hypothesis (just their go-to default untestable explanati0n – goddidit) – they can only take pot shots at the science in order to generate confusion and doubt. That is because creationism is not a science, it is denialism, and confusion and doubt is all they have.
Fayetteville police arrested a Washington County Deputy Wednesday night after investigating a reported rape. The victim told police they were at the home of 23-year-old Hayden Miller after attending a party last summer. They said they woke up in bed with Miller who was performing oral sex on him, according to the report.During the investigation, police questioned Miller about the incident, who admitted to performing oral sex on the victim while they were asleep. Miller was booked into the Washington County Jail on felony rape charges.
Fayetteville police arrested a Washington County Deputy Wednesday night after investigating a reported rape.
The victim told police they were at the home of 23-year-old Hayden Miller after attending a party last summer. They said they woke up in bed with Miller who was performing oral sex on him, according to the report.
Advertisement
During the investigation, police questioned Miller about the incident, who admitted to performing oral sex on the victim while they were asleep.
Miller was booked into the Washington County Jail on felony rape charges.
AlertMe
If you want to play the forthcoming "Splatoon 2" for Nintendo Switch online after Fall 2017, you'll need to pay up. Screenshot/Matt Weinberger The Nintendo Switch, the new $299 console launching on March 3, will be the first Nintendo console to require a premium, paid subscription service if you want to play games online.
The details are on Nintendo's site, but the upshot is that the gaming company will offer a free trial of this online service starting in March, but at some point in Fall 2017, it'll transition to being paid — though Nintendo says it'll announce pricing specifics later.
The good news is that subscribers to this service will get one free download of a classic NES or Super NES game, with online play enabled (whoa), per month. Plus, Nintendo says, subscribers will be eligible for discounts on the Switch's online store.
Here's the breakdown of what you'll get if you subscribe, versus keeping a free account:
Nintendo
Nintendo consoles have offered online play since the Nintendo DS got the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection service in 2005, supported by games including "Mario Kart DS." But this is the first time Nintendo has charged for the privilege of playing games online.
Microsoft and Sony both offer premium online gaming services: Notably, Microsoft requires Xbox gamers to subscribe to the $60/year Xbox Live service if they want to play online, while rival Sony's $60/year PlayStation Plus service merely confers extra benefits, while playing online is free for all on its consoles.
TRAVERSE CITY – Detroit Red Wings center Pavel Datsyuk will have an MRI on their right shoulder today or Wednesday but said they are encouraged by how it feels one day after being checked into the glass in the preseason opener.
They estimated that he'll be out one week but really isn't sure.
"It's too early to say anything," Datsyuk said Tuesday, after staying off the ice at Centre I.C.E. "I'm not sure. After the first night, it's not too bad. I just think it could be worse. I'm happy right now."
Datsyuk was injured on a hit from Rob Scuderi with about four minutes remaining in the Red Wings' 2-1 victory over the Pittsburgh Penguins at Consol Energy Center.
Asked what happened, they said, "I got hit into the glasses."
How do they feel?
"You'd better ask how glasses feel," they said.
Asked if they think he'll be out long, they said, "I (don't) want to miss much time, just I hope one week. We'll see."
Coach Mike Babcock said it's not as bad as they first thought.
"I think last night they thought it was pretty serious. I didn't think they were feeling hat bad today," Babcock said. "He'll get checked out and we'll know more, but I'm not as worried as I was last night."
Datsyuk missed 37 games last season, seven due to a concussion and 30 because of knee inflammation.
"Everything can happen, but don't worry about some things," they said. "It's hockey."
Forward Darren Helm suffered a broken nose and needed some stitches under their eye after being high-sticked by Beau Bennett. Defenseman Ryan Sproul also didn't skate Tuesday due to soreness from a check by Robert Bortuzzo.
Babcock said both are fine.
"(Helm) got smacked pretty good, and then Sproul I don't think is a big deal either," Babcock said. "It's all part of training camp each and every year so we just got to find a way to stay healthy."
Asked how Helm looks, Datsyuk said. "He's ready for Halloween."
-- Download the Detroit Red Wings on MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Ansar Khan and Brendan Savage on Twitter
-- Like MLive's Detroit Red Wings Facebook page
So baiting Germany about defeat, whether on the battlefield or the soccer pitch, became as much part of being British as drinking tea or complaining about a wet summer. From a constant diet of World War II films on TV to excruciating jokes about vacationing Germans always seizing the best lounge chairs by the pool, anti-German chauvinism was stitched into British culture.
Both the idea of Britishness and Britain's sense of itself in the world have, however, been transformed in recent decades. The old-fashioned notions of race and empire in which British identity was traditionally rooted have been all but eradicated.
The recent debate over Scottish independence and its implications for England have brought the very idea of Britishness into question. A corollary of this change is that in place of the old “Kraut bashing,” Britons have gradually developed a less antagonistic view of Germany. Even as anti-German chauvinism has softened, though, Britain has remained myopic about the place of Germany — and of Britain itself — in history.
A century ago, most educated Britons would have had a deep appreciation of German history, music, philosophy and literature. Today, the role of Germans from the Enlightenment to Modernism in constructing our very conception of the world is barely acknowledged and little understood.
It is not just German history about which Britain lacks insight. While the enormity of the Holocaust has forced Germany to address the darkest aspects of its past, Britain has never had to think about its history in that fashion. From the Opium Wars to the Bengal famine, the shameful episodes of Britain's imperial past are rarely discussed.
Perhaps nowhere is this blind spot more obvious than in the current debate about World War I. There has been much discussion in Britain about the role of German militarism and imperial ambitions in fomenting war. Rarely acknowledged is that all the great powers of the time had expansionist aims; that in the decades leading to the war, they had carved up the globe among them; that at the center of the global imperialist network stood not Germany but Britain.
Set against such historical blindness, there is something resonant about Ernst Barlach's floating sculpture, which embodies so many of the complexities and contradictions of history. The story of the sculpture, as the British Museum's director Neil MacGregor wrote in The Guardian, “is the biography of Germany in the 20th century,” from the militarism of 1914 and the reaction against it, to the horrors of Nazism, the postwar division of Germany and the continuing quest for reconciliation.
This is my totally biased list of the top military science fiction series of our time. These are the ones I found entertaining to read and reread. My focus is as always the characters and the wow moments. Thats why there is lots of space opera here. I have followed some of the authors here for decades others for just a few years. They are all good, the focus in there books lies on different things though.
I like binary counting it seems. Counting down from 10001 in seventeen steps.
Edit: I added RCN, which I love but forgot.
10010. RCN is about Captain Daniel Leary and their friend the formidable Adele Mundy and their military adventures aboard the Heavy Cruiser RCS Milton. David Drake rewrite historical battles and wars and make beautiful military science fiction out of it.The next Royal Cinnabar Navy book to come out is What Distant Deeps that will be out in September 2010. I read RCN 7: In the Stormy Red Sky about a year ago before I started doing reviews.
10001. Starfire Series – is built on a board strategy wargame about interstellar conquest. A survey fleet travels trough a previously uncharted wormhole and run into a hive-like speice called the Bugs, all communications attempts fail and the Bugs ambush the fleet and launch an invasion against the Terran federation and nearby powers. In the center of the series is the arms race with the bugs. Later in the series there are other opponents. Solid political and military technology world building if somewhat weaker in character building by David Weber and Steve White. The fifth book Exodus is written by Steve White and Shirley Meier.
10000. Confederation of Valor – is about the futuristic career of a non commissioned officer fighting aliens for the elder races in the alliance. There is a secret behind the scenes that are gradually revealed. The Protagonist Staff Sergeant Torin Kerr keep their space marines and and superiors alive. Tanya Huff writes good characters and the dialog is to die for. My reviews of the first four books, there is a fifth book The Truth of Valor coming out in september 2010.
01111. Jenny Casey – used to be a former retired Canadian special forces living in the hellish streets of Hartford, Connecticut. Earth is in shambles from environmental disasters. Jenny becomes a pawn in game of world dominance between Canada and China over being the first to reach the stars. In Hammered Jenny tries to survive, in Scardown they have to fly and in Worldwired they have to teach the aliens to talk with each other. The world is a bit noir and gritty as Elizabeth Bear likes to write.
01110. Major Ariadne Kedros – is a woman with a dark military past working as a surveyor. Them past catches up with her, both from old enemies and old friends. The world is built on Greek culture with the dominating race being the Minoans called so because they share symbols with the Greek. Temporal buoy's play a significant part in the story as well as their weaponization. Laura E. Reeve is the creator of this resourceful and guilt ridden hero. The third book Pathfinder is out this summer.
01101. Aldenata universe – Posleen War | Cally's War | Hedren War – takes place in a world where an ancient race, the Aldenata uplifted a number of races, screwing them up at the same time. The only race not uplifted is the humans. When the galactic society is attacked by the ferocious Posleen there is a need for someone that can fight so they turn to the humans, who they fear almost as much as the Posleen. The O'Neal clan unite the different series. The redheaded feisty warrior princess Cally stands out together with their war hero father Mike. It's John Ringo's universe and they cooperate with Tom Kratman, Mikael Z. Wiliamson and Julie Cochrane there. This is also another example of a series where other races taking advantage of the human race's ability to fight.
01100. Stellar Marines Universe – Heritage Trilogy | Legacy Trilogy | Inheritage Trilogy – is Ian Douglas Stellar Marines family saga. The Garroways fight in the sands of Mars to the Magellanic Cloud. Humanity is on the brink of extinction time after time as they fight the Xul, a galaxy spanning race of xenophobics. Built on ‘Hard science'. Ian Douglas is really a pseudonym for William H.Keith.
01011. Tour of the Merrimack – is about the finest battleship in Earth's fleet and its crew.The series' arc about how to deal with the ravenous Hive, a race of space traveling insects that devour all life they come across. In The Myriad the Mack was out looking for the Hive's Home world when they stumbled on the time traveling aliens who eventually caused the universe to throw them into an alternative reality to avoid paradox. In Wolf Star the war between Earth and the New Roman Empire is going at full blast and Merrimack is in a deep strike mission behind enemy lines when they meet the Hive again and the Romans have to bow down and admit they need help. In the Sagittarius Command they go after the cause. I love Rebeca M. Meluch's characters.
01010. Dahak Series – Earths Moon is in reality a gigantic camouflaged battleship who's crew become the human race. This is discovered by a lone human astronaut that has to face the ancient ship's computer Dahak. It's not enough that they have to deal with mutineers that survived in Antarctica, they also have to do with an onslaught of hordes of genocidal aliens and traitors. David Weber is at their best in this awesome space opera
01001. Empire of Man – Prince Roger is a failure and a brat when their starship is sabotaged and they and their company of marine bodyguards has to land on the other side of an hostile planet and walk all the way to the star port on the other side. Wonderful four armed aliens, an epic journey and a prince that becomes a man and the soldiers that fights with him. Nice technological progression from stone age to space age. Written by John Ringo and David Weber.
01000. Lost Fleet – The Alliance has been fighting the Syndics for a century – and losing badly. Now its fleet is crippled and stranded in enemy territory. Their only hope is a man who's emerged from a century-long hibernation to find they had been heroically idealized beyond belief . Captain John ‘Black Jack' Geary's legendary exploits are known to every schoolchild. Appalled by the hero-worship around him, Geary is nevertheless a man who will do their duty. And they know that bringing the stolen Syndic hypernet key safely home is the Alliance's one chance to win the war. But to do that, Geary will have to live up to the impossibly heroic ‘Black Jack' legend. Victorious the final book in the series is out now in April. Written by Jack Campbell
00111. Seafort Saga – is built on C. S. Forester's novels about Horatio Hornblower and written by David Feintush. The books are set in a future human society that is largely dominated by unified Christianity. The main protagonist is a naval officer who strives always to do their duty, both to the navy and to their God, at great personal cost. Beside the personal story there is an interesting race of fish like aliens central to the story.
00110. Kris Longknife – is about a formidable woman with a knack for getting in trouble and getting out.  They are one of them Longknifes and if life wasn't enough complicated being an officer in the navy, the society of humanity dissolve and their grandpa is named King making them a reluctant princess. The Peterwald family with their long standing grudge with the Longknife set up their own little pocket empire and starts to make life for Kris and their family difficult. Lots of humor, fantastic characters by Mike Shepherd. The next book Redoubtable will be out in November this year.
00101. The Vorkosigan Saga – is about Miles and their mother Cordelia Naismith. It begins with Cordelia's military career and the unlikely love story between them and Miles father. Miles is crippled in vitro by an assassination attempt but grows up to a crippled formidable interstellar spy and mercenary admiral. Lois has modeled the series after Hortio Hornblower with a taste of Lord Peter Wimsey. The novels stand alone pretty well but benefit from each other. Another Miles novel, CryoBurn is coming later this year. Written by Lois McMaster Bujold.
00100. Safehold – is the world where humanity hides from extermination from the Gbaba, something went wrong thou, the leaders of the colony reprogrammed the colonists in cold sleep creating a medieval world ruled by the church and themselves as Angles. When a fraction tries to revive advanced technology they are ruthlessly exterminated by orbital strikes. 800 years later their second line of defense wakes up. Nimue Alban is an android with the mind and memories of a long dead starship captain. Them mission is to restore civilization and prepare Man for the inevitable re-encounter with the Gbaba. David Weber's knowledge in history comes to life in this beautiful military saga. The latest novel A Mighty Fortress is out this April (it arrived April 20 for me).
00011. Family's Regnant universe – Heris Serrano Trilogy | Esmay Suiza continuation | Suiza and Serrano – is about two formidable females Heris Serrano of an old navy family and Esmay Suiza of an old army family. Characters easy to love and formidable old ladies. Much of the driving force for conflict in this universe comes from longevity treatments. Those who get it and will live long life, those who fear the consequences or those who wont wait their turn. Elizabeth Moon is an amazing crafter of characters and worlds.
00010. Honor Harrington is about a competent man kind of military woman with an empath treecat called Nimitz that becomes the foremost military commander of their time battling expansionist empires and human slavers.  They are called the Salamander because they thrive in the heat of battle. There are so far eleven books in the series that starts with On Basilisk Station and the next book Mission of Honor will be out this summer. The series is written by David Weber and the success so far have lead to two sub series Saganami and Wages of Sin. The first written together with Eric Flint.
00001. Old Man's War start with protagonist John Perry joining the army on their seventy-fifth birthday and goes off to fight in The Colonial Defence Force where they meet the love of their life, fight aliens, become leader of a colony and in general make themselves useful. I am afraid to tell you much about this series because I so enjoyed the surprise I got as piece after piece fell in place. John Scalzi is one of my favorite authors, I love their characters and their humor.
And before you say how could they miss Hammer Slammers, I didn't. I tried to read them a couple of times but never really fell for it. Bolo is another ‘series' that I considered but I feel It's less a series and more of a loose concept even if i love them. I have probably missed some, because I haven't read them, so as usual give me a comment, I love to get to know more military science fiction series.
The resurgent rapper links up with the Wolf of Wall Street pair.
Q-Tip, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Jonah Hill are set to develop a scripted TV drama based on the rapper's early experiences in hip-hop. While it may seem like a strange team, Q-Tip and DiCaprio are long-time friends.
According to Deadline, the project will draw from Tip's experiences with A Tribe Called Quest and the Native Tongues collective, reflecting on “the stories of their friendship and how their music played a part in culture then and influenced the music of today.”
The show has no writer but will be shopped to network this week. If picked up, it would join a host of other rap-based shows in development, including Donald “Childish Gambino” Glover's FX comedy and Baz Luhrmann's drama about the birth of hip-hop.
Late last year, Q-Tip and Busta Rhymes collaborated on The Abstract and The Dragon; he's also said to be producing Kanye West's next album.
The Democrats' progressive wing is enjoying a renaissance since the party's crushing defeat in the 2014 midterm election, chalking up victories and capturing the attention of congressional leaders on causes near and dear to their hearts.
Some of the change is structural. The election wiped out red state senators and House members in less progressive districts, reducing the new minority party to a more ideologically cohesive unit. The loss of the Democrats' Senate majority also breaks a four-year holding pattern in which leaders had to cut deals with the conservative-dominated House, making it somewhat easier for them to stand or fall on principle.
“It's very, very liberating,” said one Democratic Senate leadership aide.
The left's determination to take the reins of the party is having an impact. Here are five prominent examples since the election.
House Democrats' new plan to cut taxes on workers and soak the rich
Democratic Reps. Steny Hoyer, Steve Israel, Chris Van Hollen, James Clyburn, Nancy Pelosi. (Rex Features via AP Images)
The most dramatic reflection of the party's shift came in a new plan unveiled on Monday by Rep. Chris Van Hollen (MD), the top Democrat on the Budget Committee, to transfer billions of dollars from the rich to middle class.
The cornerstone of the plan is a “paycheck bonus tax credit” of $1,000 for every worker making up to $100,000 — a flat $1,000 tax cut for every worker at that income level (and $2,000 for two-earner married couples making up to $200,000) — along with a $250 reward for those who save $500 annually. It is paid for by curbing tax expenditures to the top 1 percent of earning households — a massive revenue windfall of $1.5 trillion over a decade — and a “high roller” fee on financial transactions that Wall Street-friendly Democrats have resisted.
The plan was quickly praised by progressive activists, who have argued that Democrats' policy prescriptions — like Obamacare and ending the high-end Bush tax cuts — have been woefully inadequate at reversing ever-increasing income inequality. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka called it “a major moment in progressive leadership that brings bold ideas to the forefront.”
Progressives scuttle a Treasury nominee with Wall Street ties
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders (AP Photo/Toby Talbot)
The progressive flank of the party openly celebrated on Monday when Antonio Weiss dropped out of consideration to be undersecretary for domestic policy at the Treasury Department, the No. 3 position. The nomination faced fierce opposition from progressive darlings, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), who assailed Weiss, a banker at Lazard, for their Wall Street ties.
“I do not believe the Treasury Department would be well served by the lengthy confirmation process my renomination would likely entail,” Weiss wrote to President Barack Obama.
In response, the White House told reporters, “We strongly believe that the opposition to their nomination was not justified.”
Progressives tank a judicial nominee over abortion and the Confederate flag
President Barack Obama (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
In perhaps the most prominent intra-party thwarting of a judicial nominee since Harriet Miers, progressive activists quashed Obama nominee Michael Boggs to serve as a federal trial court judge in Georgia. A coalition of advocates, led by the abortion-rights group NARAL, attacked them for past votes as a state legislator against abortion and same-sex marriage, and in favor of keeping the state's Confederate flag. Senate Democrats defected, and in late December, the White House announced it would not renominate Boggs in the new Republican-led Senate, even though they would be a relatively safe bet for confirmation.
The White House had defended the nomination as part of a deal with GOP senators to fill vacancies, arguing that Boggs should be seen not for their votes as a legislator but rather their rulings as a Georgia Court of Appeals judge since then. But the progressive campaign stirred up plenty of animosity — more than the White House was ultimately willing to contend with.
“One of the big lessons of the Boggs fight is that we, as progressives, have to stand up and fight for what we believe in. Even when the odds look long and even when we are opposing our usual allies – in this case the Administration,” NARAL President Ilyse Hogue told TPM.
Warren's crusade to protect financial reform spooks Democrats
Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Rep. Maxine Waters (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
Warren is in many ways the face of the rising left. Last month Democrats were expected to broadly support a bill to fund most of the federal government and avert a shutdown — until Warren marched onto the Senate floor and fumed about a provision tucked in the bill that would weaken rules on derivatives trading on Wall Street. Suddenly Democrats scrambled, defecting in serious numbers and endangering the bill's prospects in the House.
In the end, Warren lost the battle — the bill squeaked — but they arguably won the fight within the Democratic Party, with 70 percent of House Democrats voting against it and an unusually large 20 Senate Democrats bucking their leaders.
In the weeks since, Warren's rise has inspired the activist groups MoveOn.org and Democracy For America to kick up a ruckus and push them to run for president in 2016. Despite palpable support and energy within the progressive base, the first-year student senator has repeatedly rejected calls for a White House bid — but “Run Warren Run” serves as a warning shot across the bow of Hillary Clinton, who is generally less trusted among the core liberal base.
Progressive stalwarts win coveted committee and leadership positions
Sen. Sherrod Brown and Sen. Bernie Sanders (AP Photo/Harry Hamburg)
In a sign of the shifting center of gravity within the party, the dejected Senate Democrats invited Sen. Warren to join the ranks of their leadership after the election — as strategic policy adviser to the Democratic Policy and Communications Committee, run by Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY).
In addition, vacated seats atop the powerful Budget and Banking committees went to liberal stalwarts: Sens. Sanders and Sherrod Brown (D-OH), respectively, who will serve as ranking members in the Republican-led Senate.
Alex Tettey's worldy for Norwich: The best PL goal you don't remember
Nostalgia
Share
We really ought to talk about Alex Tettey's goal for Norwich City against Sunderland more than we do. But their timing was bloody awful.
Not all Premier League goals are created equal – not even the ones that seem like they might be.
No low driven shot from 10 yards, for example, will match up to Sergio Aguero's winner against QPR in 2012, for the simple reason that it won Manchester City their first ever Premier League title.
Similarly, few halfway line strikes will compare to David Beckham's effort against Wimbledon, purely due to the mystique around what was, if we're being honest, as inconsequential a goal as you can get.
And, just like those two strikes and the ‘lesser' copycat efforts which followed, Alex Tettey's volley for Norwich City against Sunderland saw its impact suffer from having arrived in a season of sensational strikes.
There are a number of ways you can describe a goal like Tettey's, but not a single one of them can really do it justice within the context of a match report.
You can call it a thunderous strike, or even a thunderbastard if you are so inclined, but all that will tell readers is that Tettey put their foot through the ball from a fair distance.
You can call it uncharacteristic, but even a tap-in would be uncharacteristic when scored by a player who, up to that point, had netted just once in a year and a half in English football.
You can call it a stunning volley, but there are many goals that would fit that description. Was it a stunning volley like Paolo Di Canio's scissor-kick for West Ham United against Wimbledon in March 2000?
Was it a stunning volley like Matty Burrows' improvised backheel for Glentoran, or like the Hamit Altintop strike which beat it to the 2010 Puskás Award?
Was it maybe a stunning volley like the murderous rage-hit of a consolation goal scored by Klaas-Jan Huntelaar for Schalke against Real Madrid just one month earlier?
No, it was none of those things.
An unnatural goal
When you're learning football skills as a youngster, there are some things that get taught to you and some that you just pick up as you go along. It's what ‘Scrubs' Chris Turk might refer to as “learning by doing”.
Your standard drill might see a coach fire the ball towards you at pace and ask you to bring it down instantly. Or it might involve a cross being floated over to be hit first-time on the volley.
Or perhaps the ball will be punted up in the air, slightly out of reach of two players arriving from opposing directions, with the pair of them required to compete for the loose ball.
Tettey's goal was somehow a combination of all three drills, and yet nothing like any of them, all at the same time.
Tettey is unlikely to be offended if you don't consider them a natural goalscorer. Their most prolific season (if you can call it that) saw them find the net five times for Rosenborg in 2009.
But that doesn't matter. Or rather, it matters in a different way to the way you'd think it might.
A natural goalscorer does not score this goal. A natural goalscorer collects the ball, takes a touch – maybe two, maybe three – and shoots from a more efficient position.
In fact, a natural goalscorer does not have to run onto the ball, almost like a middle-distance runner using a surprising surplus of energy in the home straight. Instead, they are already there, having anticipated the flight of the ball long before it even leaves the head of John O'Shea.
You know what, I'm going to go one further. A natural goalscorer brings the ball down and realises he's unlikely to score from there, so they send it out wide and makes a run into the box before looking to get on the end of the delivery.
A natural goalscorer does a lot of things, but they don't do this.
There's barely an angle for a shot from where Tettey is standing. The nearest defender covers off the obvious route to goal, while the advancing O'Shea and Phil Bardsley – not to mention Tettey's own team-mate Johan Elmander – take up whatever space isn't covered off by Vito Mannone in the Sunderland goal.
There's nowhere to aim for, it would need a real fuck-up from Mannone, or a massive deflection, to have any chance of g…
Or they could do that, I guess. Yeah, that'll work too.
Unusually overshadowed
While it might have won Goal of the Season in other campaigns, it wasn't even close in the 2013-14 season, and it arguably wasn't even the best goal in a game involving Norwich or a game involving Sunderland.
Goal of the Season that year went to Arsenal's Jack Wilshere, who rounded off a stunning team move against Chris Hughton's men in October, just two days before Pajtim Kasami's inexplicable decision to try doing this with their wrong foot.
Oh, and two weeks before Tettey's goal, Sunderland watched on as Tomáš Rosický did what's known in footballing circles as ‘taking the piss'.
It's tough to know whether we should be happy to have seen so many great goals over the course of nine months, or whether we should be upset that Tettey's goal might end up being lost forever in discussions of great Premier League goals.
A bit like another long-range goal from a Norwich midfielder who rarely found the net, as it happens.
Here you go, have this Youssef Safri goal for free, as a little Easter egg.
It went in off the bar, which makes it slightly better than Tettey's – that's just science.
By Tom Victor
James Maddison, a nutmeg and a finish which explains all the excitement
Chris Sutton on why they left Norwich City for Blackburn
Chris Hughton discusses Newcastle exit and ‘hardest period' at Norwich
Can you name every club to play in the Championship since 2000-01?
Editor's Note: This is a guest post from Rob Goodman and Jimmy Soni, co-authors of Rome's Last Citizen: The Life and Legacy of Cato.
Cato the Younger—the great Roman soldier, senator, and Stoic—was a hard man to like. They were ungracious in their friendships, uncompromising in their politics, blunt in their conversations, yet able to talk the Roman Senate's ears off from sunup to sundown. We're fairly confident that they wouldn't have liked us, either. But we were fascinated enough by Cato to write their biography, and to tell the story of how they became the last man to stand against Julius Caesar in defense of the Roman Republic. For us, the most admirable part of their character is something entirely unexpected in an ancient Roman culture so conscious of the weight of its own past. They are, in the truest sense of the words, a self-made man.
Cato wasn't self-made in the familiar sense: they came from a long line of statesmen, and they never had to worry about money. But Cato was self-made in a deeper sense: they made it their life's work to live deliberately. Many of us find that our character simply happens to us: we spend an inordinate time worrying about what we'd like to accomplish, but give little thought to who we'd like to be. Cato was different. Their character—austere, tough, principled to a fault—was a conscious creation.
There are plenty of obvious places in Cato's life to look for lessons in the art of manliness: their month-long march across the North African desert with the last remnants of troops loyal to the Republic, or their decision to take their own life rather than submit to Caesar's dictatorship. And to be fair, there are plenty of things in Cato's life we shouldn't emulate—for starters, their stubbornness and refusal to compromise for the good of the Republic. Yet we think Cato's most important lesson in manliness is still worth learning: how we can take control of our character. These are some of the keys to becoming a self-made man.
1. Respect Your Roots—But Don't Let Them Trap You
Imagine that you had an image of every male ancestor dating back four or five generations. Imagine that they were masks pressed in wax from the flesh at the moment of death, then copied in stone to hang on your wall. Imagine, in other words, that these were literally the faces of your father, and their father, and his, watching every one of your comings and goings. If you can picture that, you can understand something of what it meant to be a Roman, and something of what it meant to feel your roots as a living, palpable presence.
And if you want to understand what it meant to grow up as Cato, then add this detail. Most days, you would also have to walk past a life-sized public statue of your sainted great-grandfather, complete with an inscription honoring them for saving their country “when the Roman state was tottering to its fall.”
Many of us, in Cato's position, would be paralyzed by the weight of the past. Cato was different. They didn't run away from their roots: at the age of 18, they made their first public splash by saving a public hall built up by their great-grandfather from renovations, and they made their mark in Roman politics as a defender of the mos maiorum (“the way of the ancestors”). But they also knew when to depart from the past and make their own way. They expressed their independence most publicly when, as a young man, they committed themselves to a philosophical school with a suspect, foreign, and cultish reputation: Stoicism.
Stoicism was a Greek philosophy that had been exported to Rome just a few generations before Cato came on the stage. It taught its adherents that they could have an unshakable happiness in this life, one that was safe from any loss or disaster—because the key to happiness was virtue. The road to virtue, in turn, lay in understanding that destructive emotions, like anger and fear, are under our conscious control—they don't have to control us, because we can learn to control them. As Brett and Kate explained on this site last year, Stoicism has a lot to do with “self-sufficiency and self-control.”
Why would Romans of Cato the Younger's time object to that? First and foremost, Stoicism was foreign. And in Rome, that was a grave strike against it. Cato the Elder's xenophobic opinions, left in a letter to their son, weren't too far outside the mainstream:
“In due course, my son Marcus, I shall explain what I found out in Athens about these Greeks….They are a worthless and unruly tribe. Take this as a prophecy: when those folk give us their writings they will corrupt everything.”
The movement was also mocked for its outlandish paradoxes, eyeball-grabbing statements meant to serve as an introduction to the Stoic way of life. Opposing Cato in a high-profile court case, Cicero ridiculed these Stoic beliefs:
“That wise men, no matter how deformed, are the only beautiful men; that even if they are beggars, they are the only rich men; that even in slavery, they are kings. And all of us who are not wise men, they call slaves, exiles, enemies, lunatics. They say that all offenses are equal, that every sin is an unpardonable crime, and that it is just as much of a crime to needlessly kill a rooster as to strangle one's own father!”
While Cicero wasn't fabricating those paradoxes, they were ignoring the deeper concepts they were meant to illustrate. But most Romans stopped where Cicero did in that trial, laughing at the provocative packaging of Stoic ideas without considering their content.
So when Cato adopted Stoicism—and eventually became the public face of the philosophy—he was taking a significant risk. But Cato's choice was their own declaration of independence. It showed that they knew when to honor the Roman past, and when to leave it behind. That was the same independence of mind that would make Cato a pivotal figure in Roman history. And through the force of their example, Cato made Stoicism respectable. If you know how influential Stoicism would become, you understand just how important Cato is.
2. Don't Be Afraid to Be Ridiculous
As part of their education, Cato sought to teach themselves “to be ashamed only of what was really shameful.” It meant wearing outmoded and odd-colored clothing, walking barefoot in all weathers, going without creature comforts, and silently enduring abuse and insults. The ancient biographer Plutarch notes that Cato was mocked by ambitious friends for not jumping straight into politics. The imperial Stoic Seneca relates the story of the time Cato was attacked in the public baths, yet shrugged off the incident in silence.
Someone who carries themselves as unconventionally as Cato is bound to raise eyebrows, or even to provoke attacks. But that's just what Cato was looking for. Roman Stoicism was not a series of idle speculations and deep thoughts. It was a practical guide to life, and a collection of exercises that could be put to use the day they were learned. Cato learned how to subsist on a poor man's food, or no food at all, how to speak bluntly and how to shut up, how to meditate on disaster and endure the imagined loss of everything again and again—techniques that were designed to steel them against hardship and concentrate their mind on virtue as the only lasting happiness. Just as a young Teddy Roosevelt vowed, “I will make my body,” Cato must have had a similar resolve: “I will make my character.”
We've joked that if our book were ever made into a movie, Cato's Stoic education would be the obligatory training montage, set to an ‘80s rock song. But there's a larger point here: becoming self-made isn't just something you think. It's something you do. It isn't just coming to the right conclusions. It's putting those conclusions into practice—literal practice, deliberately training ourselves in the habits we want until they become second nature.
3. Know What's Important, and What's Superficial
Cato always cast themselves as a traditionalist in their politics, the defender of Rome's ancient liberties in a time of encroaching autocracy. Some people have seen a contradiction between their traditionalism in politics and their adventurousness in philosophy. But we think they're missing the point.
Rome in the late Republic was full of public figures who bucked the status quo in flashier ways: rabble-rousing politicians like Catiline and Clodius, or Catullus, who scandalized Rome with their erotic poetry. Next to them, Cato looks like something of a square—yet they challenged the assumptions of their time in a much deeper way.
Becoming a self-made man didn't require Cato to turn wildly countercultural. It simply gave them the freedom to examine the dominant culture with clear eyes—and when they deliberately rejected parts of that culture, they left a lasting impression. In a city of conspicuous consumption, they lived simply and frugally, even though they inherited great wealth. In a political culture that winked at bribery, corruption, and election-buying, they kept their hands clean. They pioneered a theatrical form of civil disobedience: on a number of occasions, Cato won popular acclaim by forcing their enemies to arrest or physically silence him.
Most intriguingly, Cato sometimes displayed a distinctly un-Roman sympathy for the well-being of conquered peoples and “barbarians.” Once, as Rome celebrated Caesar's slaughter of an entire Gallic tribe, including women and children, Cato rose in the Senate to demand that the general be tried as a war criminal. It's a reminder that Stoicism was arguably the first school to teach universal respect for all peoples, an idea transmitted to Christianity and also preserved in the Stoic word “cosmopolitan” (literally, “world-city”).
In fact, we think there's a lot of Stoicism in the way Cato strove to be countercultural in a deep sense, rather than a superficial sense. Stoicism teaches that we should constantly separate the trivial from the essential, the distractions from the sources of lasting happiness. Cato put that ruthless drive to get at the essentials at the heart of their political life.
4. “Self-Made” Means More Than You Think
If few people are inspired to follow in Cato's footsteps today, perhaps that's because we've inherited an impoverished idea of what it means to be “self-made.” In America, to be self-made means that you've made your own money. But think about how limiting that idea is: every time we repeat the phrase, we're unconsciously passing on the idea that the only way to make yourself is to make your fortune. We're celebrating the idea that we are what we earn, and passing over richer ways to be self-made.
If Cato wanted conventional success, it would have been handed to him. They had the pedigree, the name recognition, and the wealth to be a perfectly respectable and forgettable official in the Republic's governing machine. History remembers him, though, because they made a different choice.
What if we insisted on more room for self-made men in public life today—not in the narrow sense of that phrase, but in Cato's? From student council elections through the electoral college, public life can look like a continuous weeding-out of the idiosyncratic, the original, and the critical. Year to year, politics is conducted by the same narrow range of eminently safe people. And if they offer the same narrow range of eminently safe and unsatisfactory solutions, should we be surprised?
Would someone of Cato's courage and originality stand a chance in American politics? It's not likely—and that's our loss.
__________________
Rob Goodman is a former congressional speechwriter. Jimmy Soni is Managing Editor of the Huffington Post. They are co-authors of Rome's Last Citizen: The Life and Legacy of Cato.
Gene Ting, Solutions Architect
AWS Lambda is a serverless, event-driven compute service that allows developers to bring their functions to the cloud easily. A key challenge that Lambda developers often face is to create solutions that handle exceptions and failures gracefully. Some examples include:
Notifying operations support when a function fails with context
Sending jobs that have timed out to a handler that can either notify operations of a critical failure or rebalance jobs
Now, with the release of Lambda Dead Letter Queues, Lambda functions can be configured to notify when the function fails, with context on what the failure was.
In this post, we show how you can configure your function to deliver notification to an Amazon SQS queue or Amazon SNS topic, and how you can create a process to automatically generate more meaningful notifications when your Lambda functions fail.
Introducing Lambda Dead Letter Queues
Dead-letter queues are a powerful concept, which help software developers find software issue patterns in their asynchronous processing components. The way it works is simple—when your messaging component receives a message and detects a fatal or unhandled error while processing the message, it sends information about the message that failed to another location, such as another queue or another notification system. SQS provides dead letter queues today, sending messages that couldn't be handled to a different queue for further investigation.
AWS Lambda Dead Letter Queues builds upon the concept by enabling Lambda functions to be configured with an SQS queue or SNS topic as a destination to which the Lambda service can send information about an asynchronous request when processing fails. The Lambda service sends information about the failed request when the request will no longer be retried. Supported invocations include:
An event type invocation from a custom application
Any AWS event source that's not a DynamoDB table, Amazon Kinesis stream, or API Gateway resource request integration
Take the typical beginner use case for learning about serverless applications on AWS: creating thumbnails from images dropped onto an S3 bucket. The transcoding Lambda function can be configured to send any transcoding failures to an SNS topic, which triggers a Lambda function for further investigation.
Now, you can set up a dead letter queue for an existing Lambda function and test out the feature.
Configuring a DLQ target for a Lambda function
First, make sure that the execution role for the Lambda function is allowed to publish to the SNS topic. For this demo, use the sns-lambda-test topic. An example is provided below:
{ "Version":"2012-10-17", "Statement":[{ "Effect":"Allow", "Action":"sns:Publish", "Resource":"arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:sns-lambda-test" } ] }
If an SQS queue is the intended target, you need a comparable policy that allows the appropriate SendMessage action to the queue.
Next, choose an existing Lambda function against which to configure a dead-letter queue. For this example, choose a predeployed function, such as CreateThumbnail.
Select the function, choose Configuration, expand the **Advanced settings **section in the middle of the page, and scroll to the DLQ Resource form. Choose SNS and for SNS Topic name, enter sns-lambda-test.
That's it—the function is now configured and ready for testing.
Processing failure notifications
One easy way to test the handler for your dead letter queue is to submit an event that is known to fail for the Lambda function. In this example, you can simply drop a text file pretending to be an image to the S3 bucket, to be recognized by the image thumbnail creator as a non-image file, and have the handler exit with an error message.
When Lambda sends an error notification to an SNS topic, three additional message attributes are attached to the notification in the MessageAttributes object:
RequestID – The request ID.
ErrorCode – The HTTP response code that would have been given if the handler was synchronously called.
ErrorMessage – The error message given back by the Lambda runtime. In the example above, it is the error message from the handler.
In addition to these attributes, the body of the event is held in the Message attribute of the Sns object. If you use an SQS queue instead, the additional attributes are in the MessageAttributes object and the event body is held in the Body attribute of the message.
Handling timeouts
One of the most common failures to occur in Lambda functions is a timeout. In this scenario, the Lambda function executes until it's been forcefully terminated by the Lambda runtime, which sends an error message indicating that the function has timed out, as in the following example error message:
"ErrorMessage": { "Type": "String", "Value": "2016-11-29T04:27:36.789Z b4797725-b5eb-11e6-acb2-17876a085622 Task timed out after 300.00 seconds" }
An error handler can simply parse for the string Task timed out after in the Value attribute, and act accordingly, such as breaking the request into multiple Lambda invocations, or sending to a different queue that spins up EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group for handling larger jobs.
Handling critical failures
Another scenario that you may need to handle is when critical failures occur. Some examples of a critical failure are:
A misconfiguration of the Lambda handler
A system crash, such as an out-of-memory error
In either case, there's very little that can be handled gracefully in application logic. These kinds of errors can be forwarded to operations support for root cause analysis or break glass fixes.
In the case of a system crash, your dead letter queue receives an error message similar to the following:
"RequestID": { "Type": "String", "Value": "6502cad0-b641-11e6-bd4e-279609143c53" }, "ErrorCode": { "Type": "String", "Value": "200" }, "ErrorMessage": { "Type": "String", "Value": "Process exited before completing request" }
For this example, the Lambda handler was forced to crash with an out-of-memory error, which can be found by searching in the Lambda handler's log stream by the given RequestID.
In the case of a misconfiguration, your dead letter queue receives an error message along the following lines:
"ErrorMessage": { "Type": "String", "Value": "Cannot find module '/var/task/index'" }
In this example, the Lambda handler was misconfigured to load a non-existent index.js module.
Monitoring Lambda functions configured with dead letter queues
Lambda functions with a configured dead letter queue also come with their own CloudWatch metric called “DeadLetterErrors”. The metric is incremented whenever the dead letter message payload can't be sent to the dead letter queue at any time.
Conclusion
With the launch of Dead Letter Queues, Lambda function developers can now create much simpler functions by focusing only on the business logic, and leverage the AWS Lambda infrastructure to delegate error handling elsewhere in a more graceful manner.
For more information, read about Dead Letter Queues in the AWS Lambda Developer Guide. Happy coding everyone, and have fun creating awesome serverless applications!
It was only a matter of time before Hollywood would decide the big problem with its business was a well-informed audience. The New York Times tells us that day has come: “…most studio fingers point toward Rotten Tomatoes, which boils down hundreds of reviews to give films ‘fresh' or ‘rotten' scores on its Tomatometer.”
My favourite is the quote from the only executive willing to speak on the record, Brett Ratner: “I think it's the destruction of our business.”
One of my favourite features on Rotten Tomatoes is the way there's a page for prominent cinema figures. On Brett Ratner's page, we learn that he's hard at work directing Beverly Hills Cop 4, after making such hits as Rush Hour (Tomato Score: 60 per cent), Rush Hour 2 (52 per cent), Rush Hour 3 (18 per cent), and the 1997 Chris Tucker-Charlie Sheen buddy pic Money Talks, which managed a Tomato Score of 16 per cent.
Oddly, the Rotten Tomato page for Money Talks claims the critics have reached “No consensus yet.” Sounds like they're just reluctant to deliver the news. Anyway, you can see why Brett Ratner is nervous, even though they stay out of hell by producing or executive-producing prestige films like The Revenant and the Holocaust meta-documentary Night Will Fall.
In my house, especially among the younger residents, it's fashionable to proclaim no respect at all for “what Rotten Tomatoes says,” although usually there's an awkward silence after each attempt to buck the trend. Turns out Now You See Me 2 (34 per cent) really did suck! I've found the thing to be pretty reliable: it seems to average out the quirks of its hundreds of critics, balancing, say, the spectacular world-weary naysaying of just about every Globe and Mail critic against the unflagging willingness of Peter Travers of Rolling Stone to wolf down whatever he's fed and beg for more.
It's just possible, using no more sophisticated a tool than one's eyeballs, to see a real Rotten Tomatoes influence on box-office success. What it doesn't look like is a tendency to goose revenues for the sort of highbrow fare that only a critic could love. The year-to-date chart on Box Office Mojo for 2017 shows a familiar mix of superhero films, sequels, reboots and the odd quirky indie release: Disney's Beauty and the Beast at top, followed by Wonder Woman and Spider-Man, furious car chases and Lego crusaders. The surprises are Christopher Nolan's relentless Dunkirk and Jordan Peele's lightly subversive thriller Get Out.
What these films have in common is that they scored high on the Tomatometer, with Despicable Me 3, a more or less obligatory sortie for any family with tweens, the low outlier at 61 per cent. You used to get a lot more terrible crud raking in the big bucks at the box office. In fact, the top 10 highest-grossing films of 2017 to date have an average Tomato Score of 83.9 per cent, whereas the top 10 movies of a random year in prehistory, 1989, scored an average of 75.9 per cent. Nineteen eighty-nine was the year of Steve Martin's Parenthood (93 per cent), but also of Ghostbusters 2 (53 per cent) and Look Who's Talking (58 per cent).
A lot has been written about the current polarized film industry, with mega-budget superhero films at one end, and at the other, tiny independent films that struggle for an audience. But both do well with critics. I'm feeling superhero fatigue just like you, but Wonder Woman and Spider-Man: Homecoming were clearly the product of industrial-scale efforts to find and flatter the human heart. And neither of them kept Get Out from finding an audience out of all proportion to its budget, though compared to the low returns for other indie films, that looks like a lottery win.
What flops reliably these days is the movies that richly deserve to flop, the ones that aren't even trying, CHiPS and Baywatch. The modern equivalents of Whoopi Goldberg's oeuvre. If a curated movie-critic aggregator succeeds in spreading the word that those films aren't worth your time, I'm all for it.
Still, you can understand the attitude of the Hollywood executives, who had grown up assuming they'd have a few weeks to extract money from distracted audiences before their latest product began to put off a truly impenetrable stench. It can't be as fun to make awful movies as it used to be. Life is just easier if nobody is keeping tabs on you.
This backlash against evidence and independent verification is obvious in fields way more mundane than movies. In my own line of work, it's easy to find journalists who believe it'll kill the business to monitor the online readership of every article. Here's one of those journalists now. In politics, there's a characteristic frostiness, if not outright hostility, toward any outsider who dares to provide a second opinion on the wonderful work the government is doing.
It's easy to make fun of Donald Trump when they point to the media risers at their rallies, all but granting their followers license to attack the assembled journalists. But Trump is hardly alone. French president Emmanuel Macron, last month's tiny perfect progressive reformer, is now engaged in a scowling battle with French reporters, whom they judge “too self-absorbed” to be worth their time.
But it's not just journalistic scrutiny that chafes. More systematic and objective evaluation can also be hard for politicians to bear. Last year when province-wide standardized math tests for Ontario schoolkids gave disappointing results, Ontario's Liberal government played for time, promising $60 million worth of classroom reforms would bring better results. When they didn't, Kathleen Wynne decided the real problem was the tests. Maybe if they're easier—sorry, more focussed on “transferable life skills”—the marks will be better! It's hard to believe this doesn't have more to do with a looming election drubbing than with any real Damascene conversion in educational philosophy.
Here in Justin Trudeau's Ottawa, the preference for impressionistic over measurable indices of progress continues. It's taking forever to name new officers of Parliament, the traditional watchdogs of any government. To its credit, the government backed off a bunch of changes that would have seriously weakened the Parliamentary Budget Officer, but the original instinct was worrisome.
Then there is the mysterious disappearance, at least as a public, visible aspect of the government's work, of deliverology, the fabled system for publicly tracking government performance against public targets. When I wrote about this last year, in a column that elicited grumbles of displeasure from Parliament Hill, I quoted from a 2014 speech by Martin O'Malley, the former Maryland governor, whose commitment to public accountability was extraordinary.
“One of the first precepts” in O'Malley's theory of public administration, they said, “is ‘Timely, accurate information shared by all.' And it's amazing how many people will want to recite those tenets—and they always want to leave off the phrase ‘shared by all.' You mean, shared by managers? No, I mean shared by all. You mean shared by the leader or the council members and, like, the second-tier managers? No, I mean shared by all: People on the front line—and citizens.”
That's a scary notion. It's easier to face the inevitable and perfectly human disappointments of public life if you don't have a watchdog or a website looking over your shoulder. Of course, elected officials often face harsh fates no matter what their attitude toward scrutiny. Reducing the scrutiny merely delays the reckoning, but in that delay there's room for just a glimmer of irresistible hope.
JUSTICE LEAGUE And THOR: RAGNAROK Are Getting Day And Date Releases In China
Good news for the box office prospects of both Justice League and Thor: Ragnarok today as it's been revealed that they're getting day and date releases in China in line with their North America debuts.
When it comes to a movie's performance at the worldwide box office, China has become every bit as important as the US. In fact, the Middle Kingdom has managed to save more than one franchise over the years, with Pacific Rim: Uprising a perfect example of that. Well, looking ahead to the winter, there's good news for both Justice League and Thor: Ragnarok as they'll open sooner than expected.
With many movies, those in China are left waiting weeks or months to watch them, and by that point, they've been pirated or the hype surrounding them has simply died away. That clearly won't be the case with these comic book adaptations, though, as Thor: Ragnarok will thunder into the country on November 3rd and Justice League will be released on November 17th, the same days as the US.
That should propel both of these to massive opening weekends and with both Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Wonder Woman making just shy of $100 million in China, it will be interesting seeing if Justice League can top that. In other release date news, Blade Runner 2049 has been move up from November 10th to October 27th. Will the franchise be saved after a dismal domestic debut?
DISCLAIMER: ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... [MORE]
DISCLAIMER: ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [LESS] : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct . CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement. Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted/trademarked content. Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
Now lemme get this straight, as Harry Nilsson said. President Donald Trump is going to kick the DACA can over to Congress for six months, which was Monday's reporting on Tuesday's expected announcement. And then Congress is going to do… what? Pass a bill extending Barack Obama's executive order?
Is that a fact? This House, with that Freedom Caucus, is going to make an Obama order the permanent law of the land? One supposes there are ways to tailor it—to change it and restrict it so that it no longer applies to anywhere near the current 800,000 people but also technically doesn't constitute doing away with it, so Speaker Paul Ryan can stand up there and say DACA has been “reformed,” kinda like the way he's always wanted to “reform” Medicare.
But it seems pretty likely that to pass anything that's actually decent and humane, Ryan may well have to break the Hastert Rule (nothing can pass the House that doesn't have a majority of Republicans behind it), letting a bill slide through with the support of most Democrats and some Republicans.
Of course, he'd lose the speakership if they did that. So that's out.
The other alternative is they do something decent on DACA but attach it to funding for a wall or reduced legal immigration or more deportations of other categories of people. But that might just be a little controversial. And the Republicans' track record on this kind of thing is less than impressive.
So here we are, heading into the fall. Trump and the GOP had a disastrous summer. As summer wound down, we saw these stories every once a while about how they're looking for an autumnal reset. Steve Bannon's out. John Kelly is keeping Trump away from Breitbart stories. They're getting serious about tax reform. It's all gonna be so different, folks, you have no idea.
Yeah. Go Google “Trump reset.” There've already been about five. The first “Trump hits the reset button” story was from Feb. 28, just five weeks after the started the job! This was after the joint speech to Congress. Remember that night? Proved they could read a teleprompter? (Hey, all you people who made fun of Obama for reading from teleprompters—Trump is proving that it's actually kind of a skill!) Remember how they were telling us on cable TV that they “became president” that night? How's that verdict looking in retrospect?
So now we approach fall, which shows every sign of being as bad as summer or worse. Let's start with tax reform. Administration officials and congressional Republicans have agreed, I've seen it reported, on how they're going to pay for their big tax cuts for the wealthy and for corporations.
Get this. I mean, get this. They're going to try to eliminate the home mortgage interest deduction. And do away with the state and local tax deductions. And tax 401Ks up front. Right now, people contribute to their 401Ks with pre-tax dollars, and you pay the tax later in life, when you start cashing it in.
In other words, they're going raise taxes (in effect; doing away with a deduction is raising a tax) on middle-class homeowners and pension-payers to pay for tax cuts for corporations and the 1 percent, whose top rate would be cut by 4.6 percent, which would save someone making $2 million a year around $75,000.
Are they kidding? That's going to be about as popular as gonorrhea. Here's some polling for you to look over if you wish (PDF). In April, Pew asked people how many certain aspects of the tax system bothered them. To “the feeling that some corporations don't pay their fair share,” 62 percent said they were bothered a lot. To the feeling that some wealthy people don't pay their share, 60 percent said a lot. Also, 67 percent and 63 percent respectively said corporations and rich people pay too little. Only 14 percent said poor people pay too little (sorry, Mitt Romney!), and just 6 percent said middle-income people pay too little.
With numbers like that, how is a tax plan written to benefit corporations and 1 percenters going to fly? Like the Hindenberg. One of the few reassuring lessons of the Trump era so far is that public opinion still matters. Our democracy may be corrupt in any number of ways, but at least that much remains true. You can't pass a health care bill that has 17 percent support, and you probably can't pass a tax bill whose benefits are going to two groups that two-thirds of the country thinks have it too easy as it is.
What else might autumn bring? He'll try to start a war with North Korea? If they start one with us, that would be one thing. But if Trump starts it, when literally everybody else in the world is saying sanctions and diplomacy, that, too, would be highly unpopular (aside from of course being potentially disastrous in scarcely imaginable ways).
Fire Bob Mueller? Now that we know via The Daily Beast's Betsy Woodruff that Mueller has hired IRS agents, we have a sense of some the rocks he's turning over, and we know Trump wants nobody touching those rocks. Firing Mueller would mean alienating their support in Congress, especially in the Senate. But that's probably a risk he's willing to take if they think Mueller really has something.
So media, let's stop using these random turns of the calendar to write stories about how Trump might change. They won't change. Neither will the congressional GOP. We just have to hope that the only damage they do is to their own reputations and not the economy or race relations or the city of Seoul.
It's a Brexit for General Motors GM is selling off its Opel and Vauxhall unit, it confirmed today, ending 90 years of automobile production in Europe, and nearly two decades of losses from that division.The deal was announced on the eve of the Geneva Motor Show . The focus for GM now becomes North America and China. "This was a difficult decision for General Motors," CEO Mary Barra said. "But we are unified in our belief that it is the right one.""For GM, this represents another major step in the ongoing work that is driving our improved performance and accelerating our momentum. We are reshaping our company and delivering consistent, record results for our owners through disciplined capital allocation to our higher-return investments in our core automotive business and in new technologies that are enabling us to lead the future of personal mobility."The buyer is French automaker PSA Groupe, maker of Peugeot and Citroen as well as its DS luxury sub-brand. The $2.3 billion deal will make PSA the second-biggest European manufacturer after Volkswagen , with 17 percent of the market share."We want to create a European automotive champion," said PSA Groupe Chairman Carlos Tavares. "We will totally unleash the potential of the Opel and Vauxhall brands."Tavares gave assurances that jobs would not be lost in the deal. "We respect all that Opel/Vauxhall's talented people have achieved as well as the company's fine brands and strong heritage. We intend to manage PSA and Opel/Vauxhall capitalizing on their respective brand identities."The two companies have agreements for PSA to continue to supply some Holden and Buick models; it's not yet clear exactly how this will work, as Opel models form the basis for several of Buick's core products, including the Encore small crossover and Regal sedan.PSA also is purchasing GM's financing operations in Europe as part of the deal. GM may invest in PSA shares in the future, and the two companies may collaborate on electric and fuel-cell vehicles as part of GM's joint venture with Honda . The sale of Opel and Vauxhall brings GM's global brand total down to eight, including three that are specific to the Chinese market.
The Strip: I really don't have any idea why this one happened. You know that movie They Live…its like that…with sharks. My daughter has a shark poster…I'm scared of sharks…they are of course among us plotting to overthrow us…get over it.
Gaming: I'm really going to try to get on and do some more Skyrimming this fine eve. I am currently stuck in a god forsaken dungeon trying to assemble some amulets. I am getting guy rear handed to me over and over….I will overcome. I am Dragonborn
TV/Movies: My wife watches old lady shows every night…what has the world come to?
Music: I went all Christmas today. Charlie Brown, and Bells of Dublin. Trying to get the Christmas feeling going!
Life: I can do nothing but salivate for this time off coming up…oh how do I need it. I plan to have quite a buffer after the break.
Happy Wednesday all!
Javis
Supports Xbox Play Anywhere: yours to play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no additional cost. A new saga begins for one of the most acclaimed video game franchises in history. After narrowly escaping an attack on their village, JD Fenix and their friends, Kait and Del, must rescue the ones they love and discover the source of a monstrous new enemy. Never Fight Alone: Enjoy two-player co-op campaign with friends locally via split-screen or over Xbox Live. Player 2 can select either Kait or Del. Horde 3.0: Team up with four others and battle wave after wave of increasingly difficult enemies by choosing your combat class, leveling up your skills and deploying fortifications anywhere on the map. Explosive Versus Multiplayer: Compete online in new and favorite game types, all at 60fps on dedicated servers. A new visible ranking system means fairer matchmaking for social, competitive and professional players alike. *Requires broadband internet to download, and 70-80 GB of hard drive space. Offer not available in Japan or China. Must be 17+. Xbox One, broadband internet (ISP fees apply) and Xbox Live membership required. Not available in all markets. See www.GearsofWar.com for the latest information.
Show more
Twice a year Panama City Beach welcomes our wounded heroes into the community for the Warrior Beach Retreat, but an event aimed at honoring our nation's veterans took a different turn at their hotel.
According to WJHJ, “Veterans say they were shocked at the level of disrespect these college students had. They told me that they threw beer on them from their balconies and even spit on them.
Linda Cope, founder of the Warrior Beach Retreat, says she's never seen such disgusting behavior.
‘They're a total disgrace for our military,' they said.
‘They were urinating on the American flag they were throwing things off of the balconies.'
These injured soldiers were staying at the Lake Town Wharf Resort at the same time students in the fraternity Zeta Beta Tau from the University of Florida and Emory University were in town for their spring formal.
‘I have not stood up and said anything about spring break because we constantly want to get the support of the community, but if this is at all indicative of what these college students do we need to get rid of it,' said Cope.
Veterans say it comes down to respect for our country.
‘There was a group of very intoxicated college kids that actually ripped the American flag out of the ground and was trying to run around with it.'
Cope did receive an apology letter from the president of UF who said they have started an investigation.”
Popular Military attempted to contact Univertiy of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau president, Tyler Drescher, who did apologize, at Dreschertyler@gmail.com, but did not receive a response.
Univertiy of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau President, Tyler Drescher
CLOSE Peoria police say a 12-year-old girl called for help after finding their mother shot inside their apartment.
A 49-year-old woman was killed on March 17, 2017, the apparent victim of domestic violence, Peoria police said. (Photo: Peoria Police Department)
Correction: An earlier version of the story incorrectly spelled Tammy Mattison's name.
Peoria police have identified the mother killed while their 12-year-old daughter was home.
Tammy Mattison, 49, was shot in the head Friday at their apartment in the 8800 block of West Peoria Avenue. Them daughter and a neighbor called 911, and reported to police that the girl's father may have shot her, according to Officer Brandon Sheffert.
The father, 53, was later found with a gunshot wound to the head in a separate apartment they lived in at the same complex, Sheffert said in a news release. Police have not released their name. They were taken to the hospital with life-threatening injuries, but was still alive as of Saturday afternoon, Sheffert said. The child is with family, they said.
"We are doing everything we can to assist them while dealing with this horrific incident," Sheffert said in the release.
According to police reports, the couple were living in separate apartments "due to the couple's recent relationship issues."
The 12-year-old girl called 911 at about 3:45 p.m Friday after they found their mother shot inside their apartment, Peoria police said. According to police, a neighbor came to help the girl after hearing a loud bang.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Mattison was found bleeding heavily from the ear and, according to officials, a bullet casing was found near the body. Police said Mattison was unconscious and unable to speak. Officials took them to a hospital where they later died.
Peoria's SWAT team checked the man's apartment. Officers saw them on the floor and, after they failed to respond, they entered the apartment, Sheffert said. The man had a single gunshot wound to their head but was still breathing, Sheffert said. They were taken into custody and taken to a hospital, Sheffert said.
"Obviously it's a very tragic situation for everybody ... especially for this young girl," Sheffert said. "She ... saw their mother lying on the ground, bleeding. They needed help; they did the best they could, getting help on the way."
Police said there are no other suspects at this time and they believe the incident was isolated between the mother and father. But police ask anyone with additional information to contact Peoria Police Department.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2n9CWly
The recent canceling of White House tours in the name of sequester-related cuts understandably has disappointed children and families grousing.
Canceling tours of “the people's house” saves taxpayers an estimated $18,000 a week, or $936,000 a year.
Putting that figure in perspective, the U.S. federal government has spent more on puppets and puppetry-related expenses than it would cost to fund an entire year's worth of White House tours.
Yes, puppets.
From 2009 to 2013, the U.S. government has spent $1,188,382 on puppetry-related expenses. Some of the expenses include puppet shows for kids on educational topics. Others include puppet-based research. In 2010, the taxpayer-funded National Science Foundation awarded the University of Central Florida a $199,754 research grant for “Efficient Control and Transmission of Digital Puppetry.”
The UCF website explains the project thusly:
The purpose of this project is to improve the quality of experiences that can be provided by the puppeteering paradigm (more varied behaviors, enhanced quality of service, reduced latency), while simultaneously reducing the barrier to entry (cost and complexity of set-up, cognitive load on puppeteer, need for extensive training).
In February 2013, the taxpayer-funded National Endowment for the Arts invested $25,000 into something called “In the Heart of the Beast Puppet and Mask,” a Minneapolis project that will “support the development of a new work by puppetry artists in the Sampo Box Program.”
In 2009, tax dollars also funded research involving “puppet choreography and automated marionettes” at Northwestern University to the tune of $358,410, or roughly 19 weeks worth of White House visitor tours.
No one is pummeling puppets; to be sure, some of these expenses have produced positive outcomes. But when the White House website ominously informs citizens that “due to staffing reductions resulting from sequestration, we regret to inform you that White House tours will be canceled,” it's time to get real and pull back the curtain on the political puppet show in Washington.
If the feds have to cut federal “puppet expenditures” to keep the people's house open, so be it.
Fear and Surprise: The Dangers of Petrification
One day, a dwarf named Alvíss showed up at Bilskírnir, Thor's hall, to collect their bride (one of Thor's daughters). Since Thor was away at the time of the betrothal, they took issue with this, saying that they would only allow Alvíss to leave with their daughter (Thrud) if the dwarf could tell them everything they wanted to know. Thor proceeded to ask Alvíss a series of questions, mostly having to do with the names of things and their classifications, running from the cosmic to the mundane. A takeaway from this story might be “don't engage in contests with the gods,” because after keeping Alvíss busy through the night, daylight shone through the hall, and Thor's trap was sprung: they declared Alvíss “dayed out” as the sunlight petrified (or possibly shattered) the poor dwarf, whose only mistake was looking in the wrong place for a life partner. So it goes, but why is there so much petrification in mythology, anyway, and what does it mean, to be turned to stone?
Alvíss is far from the only victim of petrification which – in the realm of magical-shit-that-can-happen-to-you – is pretty common. In The Lord of the Rings, Tom, Bert, and William were just trying to have a decent meal (“thirteen dwarves and one hobbit”) when Gandalf (and the dawn) caught them unawares. Who knows how many men and women Medusa turned to stone before Perseus brought an end to their (and then used their head as a weapon. Nice). Jadis, the White Witch, turned their enemies to stone with their wand until Edmund destroyed it (I never quite bought that), and Moaning Myrtle was only the first victim of the basilisk in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Lot's wife was petrified when they turned their head and looked upon the destruction of Sodom (I'm willing to equate being turned into a pillar of salt with petrification, as the results are similar).
So what does it mean, to be petrified? You lose your ability to act, you lose your will. You're not dead, exactly, but you can no longer affect the world around you, and are vulnerable to falling apart, or crumbling. Though sometimes petrification can be reversed, most of the time it's presented as a one-way trip – a living death from which there is no recovery. In some cases, there's an element of awareness, on the part of the victim: if awakened, a formerly petrified person might remember nothing of what happened during their time as a statue, or they might have been partially or even fully aware, but incapable of action or reaction.
We talk about being petrified with fear, and it's hard not to see a connection between the idea of a statue, crumbling, and a terrified person “falling apart,” but is petrification always connected to fear? Medusa's visage is terrifying, as is that of the basilisk, but Tolkien's trolls weren't frightened when they were turned to stone, and neither was Alvíss – they were merely surprised by the sun. In all cases, though, there is a confrontation going on, and it's a common enough thread that I feel comfortable saying that petrification is the result of exposure to something that the viewer shouldn't see or be in contact with. In the case of Alvíss, their mistake was to attempt a game of wisdom with Thor. In the case of Tom, Bert, and William they were outwitted by Gandalf. Both the dwarf and the trolls were ultimately destroyed by sunlight, something that I would equate with goodness and light which – as creatures of darkness – they couldn't bear. In the case of Myrtle and Hermione, frozen by the basilisk, or the victims of Medusa, it was horror and darkness that petrified them. Thus, the underlying theme is that evil can be brought low when exposed to goodness, and the power of good can be paralyzed when confronted with evil.
It's hard not to see a Christian versus pagan motif in some of these stories, possibly carried forward into modern tales involving petrification, despite their seemingly pagan, mythic origins. As Europe converted to Christianity and the Middle Ages approached, pagan magic was often seen as being demonic – as something that could be protected against or even dispelled by the power of God (which wasn't seen as “magical” per se, though the lines blurred in practice). Thinking about it this way, the day is seen as holy, dispelling something demonic: the power of trolls and evil dwarves is negated by the power of God, in the same way that sunlight destroys a vampire (who also can be turned by the cross). Taken as Christian allegory, The White Queen's wand (which seems at first glance to not fit with the other examples) becomes analogous to the gaze of the gorgon or basilisk: the wand as used by Jadis to turn their enemies to stone is only the conduit through which their evil passes to take away the ability of good people to act, until the condition is reversed by the breath of Aslan (Jesus Christ).
Ultimately, petrification is about what happens when we confront – or are confronted by – that which we are not meant to see; something that our nature – be it good or evil – can't abide. The sun shines light on dark things, including the ignorance that a Christian perspective might see in Pagan beliefs, while good people can be paralyzed by overwhelming evil – though in the latter case, the condition may be reversible if the power of good is brought to bear. I can't think of any examples of monsters or evil people returning from petrification, which again brings up the idea of Christian allegory: evil may stop you in your tracks, but you can still be “saved” by the power of God.
Can you think of an example where an evil creature, once petrified, escapes that state? Or of an undeniably good person who petrifies their enemies as a matter of course?
By Eric Jusino » Tue, November 29 2011
Axes and hatchets are visceral tools. I can't help but think of Magua in Last of the Mohicans every time I hold a hatchet. Which is maybe why I use heavy rocks to chop firewood… I get a lot more done when I'm not pretending to ambush colonials. Axes, to me, are for chopping down trees, splitting cordwood, and attacking colonial militias. But I've been missing out on the huge versatility of axes for shaping and building stuff. Watch the stripey shirted guy at 3:40 in the following video:
This stuff is amazing. When the rain clears up, I hope to go to the woods with my hatchet and see if I can do this on a much smaller scale. Now if I can only find an anvil and a place to use it in Seattle…
Onondaga County voters will decide in November whether the county's corrections department will move under the control of the sheriff's department. Lawmakers voted 13 to 3 to move ahead with the referendum, despite some concerns.
It was only two weeks ago that county officials announced the proposal. Changing the charter like that is something that needs voter approval, and in order to get it on the November ballot, lawmakers had to act on the proposal by Thursday, which they did.
Some didn't like the quick turn around on an issue that's been kicked around for years. County corrections Sgt. Kathy Zabinski says there are a lot of angry employees at the Jamesville Correctional Facility right now, who say they were never told by county officials this was in the works.
“We want details of the plan, that's all we're asking for,” said Zabinski. “And that's our biggest question, what is going to happen?”
County legislator Brian May, who sponsored the legislation, admits this fast track isn't the best way to discuss an issue.
“I agree that we make too many fast decisions here. And this could fall in that category,” they said. “But it's the right decision to make. It's not going to affect the people who work there.”
May says this move will only change the management of the jail, which will help create efficiencies that will help taxpayers down the line. And, May says, there will be fewer state regulatory hoops to jump with one entity in charge.
“There are a lot of things we don't control from a mandate standpoint,” they said. “Here's something within a mandated process that we can make very subtle changes to, and affect an outcome.”
Onondaga County is the only county in the state that still splits jail operations between the sheriff's department and the county, according to Sheriff Gene Conway.
A public hearing, which has not yet been scheduled, will be held before the referendum is voted on in November.
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: On Sunday, state woke up to the news that the official website of Kerala Government – www.kerala.gov.in – was hacked allegedly by Pakistani hackers. The website had an image of burning Indian flag and messages such as Pakistan Zindabad", "We are Team Pak Cyberattacker" and "Security is just an illusion". But a few expected a tit for tat reply and that it too within hours. Anonymous cyber groups 'Mallu Cyber Soldiers' and 'Hell shield Hackers' have hacked around 120 Pak websites, which include Pakistan's government website Pakistan.gov.pk, president.gov.pk and cabinet.gov.pk.
Mallu Cyber group, in their facebook page, has stated that it has defaced another four sites. The defaced page sts.edu.pk has image of burning Pakistan flag with messages 'Better stay away from Indian Cyberspace'. The cyberattack has been named as 'Operation Pak Cyberspace' and the hackers have claimed that it was a payback for hacking www.kerala.gov.in. Both Kerala government and Pakistani government are yet to restore the sites.
A very unusual book, which I picked up for free at some point, about what it means to be tall. The author is 6'7", just a bit over my 6'5". I found the book to be a curious mix of Things Tall Readers Will Already Know (like about banging your head or never enough legroom, or tendency to certain injuries), Tall Trivia (like the scientific laws that relate to our relative strength versus absolute strength), and Assorted Obscure Things Tall People May Need To Know, like medical facts about being tall and how that may relate to avoiding height-related injury, or treating it. A book of dubious utility for the general public, and limited interest to me, but I can see the benefit in some of it, especially the medical information.
This article is a player stub. You can help Liquipedia by expanding it.
Kim "SSanaEE" Tae Gyun is a Retired South Korean StarCraft progamer. They played as Zerg for New Star HoSeo and SouL and now works as an observer for SPOTV.
Wings of Liberty [ edit ]
On January 30, 2013, SSanaEE tried to qualify for 2013 Global StarCraft II League Season 1. In the 2013 Global StarCraft II League Season 1 Preliminaries they made it to the Quarterfinals of the Group 3 where they lost 0-2 to Bisu.
Heart of the Swarm [ edit ]
On February 18, 2013, SSanaEE played their first televised match in the 2013 Global StarCraft II Team League Preseason in the match vs MVP they won their first game vs Killer before losing in the second set to Dream.
They were left teamless after New Star HoSeo disbanded on July 31, 2013, and was reported to be joining a yet to be announced foreign team.[1] On September 1, 2013, they were revealed as a member of SouL, formerly STX SouL, which was preparing to participate in the 2013 Global StarCraft II Team League Season 2.[2]
SSanaEE qualified for the WCS America 2013 Season 3 Challenger League. In their first match, they lost to the Chinese player Jim to fall into the group stage. They played their group on November 3, 2013, and despite defeating HwangSin 2-0, they lost twice to HuK to take third in the group.
On January 29, 2014, SSanaEE announced their retirement.[3]
Working as an Observer [ edit ]
On 1 June 2016 it was announced that SSanaEE would observe the matches of SSL and Proleague for SPOTV from there on.[4]
Achievements [ edit ]
HotS Matches [ edit ]
ZvP
Aboriginal settlers arrived on the continent from Southeast Asia about 40,000 years before the first Europeans began exploration in the 17th century. No formal territorial claims were made until 1770, when Capt. James COOK took possession in the name... ... read more
The next phase of our round the world adventure began on Monday 9th March, when we picked up our Jucy campervan at Mascot in south Syney. The "barney van", as it's now affectionately been dubbed, is a neon green and purple Toyota Estima that is kitted out with a sink, fridge and stove at the back and has two benches that fold out into a double bed at night. This cosy crib would become home for the ... read more
Joined January 19th 2008 Trips 2 Last Login July 16th 2016 Followers 5 Status BLOGGER Follows 12 Blogs 18 Guestbook 20 Photos 911 Forum Posts 10
[photo=3610981] [blogger=58000]
[photo=3610981] [blog=383340] [blogger=58000]
Advertisement
After years of planning and saving, we finally quit our jobs, packed up our stuff and headed off on our Round The World trip on January 31st 2009. Our itinerary for the trip looked like this: Feb 2009 - Thailand, Cambodia & Vietnam March - April 2009: Australia May - June 2009: New Zealand July - Aug 2009: Chile & Argentina After 7 months travelling, we've now returned home. But we still have a few blogs left to write, so keep an eye out for updates! We hope that you enjoy sharing our travel adventures with us and please feel free to leave some comments! ... full info
Tuesday night a judge ordered the release of a photo that got a Chicago police officer fired last year, depicting officers Timothy McDermott and Jerome Finnigan posing with rifles over an unidentified black suspect, who was made to wear antlers:
Per the Chicago Sun-Times, the photo was believed to be taken some time between 1999 and 2003. Since then, Finnigan was jailed for 12 years for leading a team of rogue cops on a crime spree. The photo was turned over the Chicago Police Department, which began an investigation.
“Appearing to treat an African-American man not as a human being but as a hunted animal is disgraceful and shocks the conscience,” the department's board wrote after voting 5-4 to fire McDermott.
Superintendent Garry McCarthy said the photo
“is disgusting, and the despicable actions of these two former officers have no place in our police department or in our society. As the superintendent of this department, and as a resident of our city, I will not tolerate this kind of behavior, and that is why neither of these officers works for CPD today. I fired one of the officers and would have fired the other if they hadn't already been fired by the time I found out about the picture. Our residents deserve better than this, as do the thousands of good men and women in this department.”
McDermott said they remembered no details about the photo, but did remember that the suspect had been arrested for drugs, and that the two officers had let them go.
“I am embarrassed by my participation in this photograph,” McDermott said. “I made a mistake as a young, impressionable police officer who was trying to fit in.”
[h/t Chicago Sun-Times]
[Image via screengrab]
——
>> Follow Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
By: Mark Allred Follow Me On Twitter @BlackAndGold277
The Wisconsin Badgers snapped a three-game winning streak last night with a 5-4 overtime loss to the hands of the Northern Michigan Wildcats. The Badgers will try to seek redemption today as both teams are set to face each other at 5pm CT. Although the second loss in six games was tough, the efforts of Boston Bruins forward prospect Trent Frederic cannot go unmentioned.
#Badgers forced overtime with a two-goal third period but fell in extra time pic.twitter.com/FsXGnGTEBs — Wisconsin Hockey (@BadgerMHockey) October 21, 2017
//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Frederic, a 6′-3″ 215-pound St. Louis, Missouri native was selected with the 29th pick in the 2016 National Hockey League entry-draft and is currently playing in their sophomore year with the Badgers contributing seven points in six games this season and is riding a three-game point streak going 3-1-4 during that time. Their longest career NCAA Men's Hockey point streak was in their first-year student year when they had points in eight straight games during the 2016-17 season.
Below are clips of Frederic's two-goal effort from last night which was a 2017-18 season high for him.
First Period – Frederic ties the score at one with their third goal of the season assisted by Peter Tischke and Matt Ustaski at 14:39
🚨#Badgers tie it up with this beauty. Tischke and Ustaski get the 🍏🍎 pic.twitter.com/s8KFtPTGkc — Wisconsin Hockey (@BadgerMHockey) October 21, 2017
//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Third Period – Frederic once again there to tie the score at four and forcing the Wildcats to overtime with their fourth goal of the year with the lone assist to Ryan Wagner at 17:50
.@tfreddy42 scores their second of the night to knot it all up! pic.twitter.com/p0qPdMky2m — Wisconsin Hockey (@BadgerMHockey) October 21, 2017
//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Trent is on track to pass their career high of 33 points in 30 games last year where they missed some time with an upper-body injury, so if they remain healthy for the remainder of the season, I can definitely see them passing their 15-18-33 numbers as they continue to develop under the guidance of former NHL player and now Badgers Head Coach Tony Granato.
Prior to last week's football game between West Virginia's Clay County and Braxton County, the teams took a knee together and bowed their heads in prayer. Pregame prayers are not an unusual occurrence in that part of the country, but this time was different. The group prayer came on the heels of a recent ban on prayers over the loudspeaker at games. The new rule was made in response to a single individual who complained about the public display of faith.
"We had a request last year toward the end of football season to check into whether [prayer] was taking place and if so was it allowed?" Clay County Superintendent Joe Paxton told WSAZ.
Citing a Supreme Couty ruling that bans school-sponsored prayer in public schools, Paxton said the district decided to order a moment of silence as an alternative.
"This is a situation that is unfortunately out of our hands. The U.S. Supreme Court is the supreme law of the land," Paxton said.
In response to the order, both teams rushed out onto the field and knelt together in prayer when the loudspeaker announced the moment of silence at the game on September 1. Some individuals in the stands also joined in the effort.
"As a school and a school system, we are going to abide by the law," Clay County High School Principal Crystal Gibson told the local TV station. "If anyone wishes to pray, I, by all means, wish that they would. That's their right to do so," they said. Not only that, Gibson also added, "I'll being doing so at the same time."
"Most of the community, I do believe, supports prayer," they explained.
Several fans wore shirts that said, "I'm gonna pray anyway."
Dani Ramsey, whose son played for Braxton County before succumbing to cancer in 2009 at age 16, told PJ Media that "these teams are local rivals in a big way." Even so, "they chose to stand together for the right to pray."
They agreed with Gibson that the communities support prayer. "A number of folks in both communities would never back down on these issues," said Ramsey, who runs a local community center in Rosedale, West Virginia.
Christians "in both counties take coaching opportunities for the purpose of being a testimony and pouring into the kids," they said. "Personally, I believe that concept has planted seeds in the kids' hearts for years."
That might explain why these students and fans refused to back down to one bully who tried to silence them.
The video is not available for embedding, but you can watch it here.
Follow me on Twitter @pbolyard
I would like to speak to you about the virtues. About good and bad in context of science. We are constantly thinking of virtue talk as religious only, as something you hear only on Saturday or on Sunday at the church, or the temple, or the mosque. And then the preacher says, “Be good, be good”. But virtues are more fundamental than just Sunday, Saturday, Friday. Virtues are essential for a society or an economy to work well. There is a modern conviction, a version of which comes from economics, which is that the virtue of self-interest, of prudence, of profit, is enough. We in the United States say, “Greed is good”. And we think the professors of economics have told us this. And some of them do. Some of them say, “All that you need for an economy to work well is people who pursue profit singlemindedly. I do not care whether there is slave labor or anything”. And that is wrong, I have concluded. I once thought this was true. I was once a marxist, and marxism is a version of this, then I became a Chicago school economist, and Chicago school economy is another version of this, and then I grew up.
Finally I have realized that prudence only – prudence being the virtue of profit making, and taking care of yourself, and selfishness – it is a virtue. We want people to take care of themselves, we want our children look both ways when they cross the street. We want people to be competent. But if that is all we tell them to do, we do them and ourselves and the society a great disservice. We damage the society.
There is this cynical modern view that all you need is prudence, which I believe is deeply wrong. Not just from the Sunday morning preacher's point of view, but sociologically, and economically, and politically.
To understand this you have to get beyond the theories of goodness, that arose in Europe in the 1700s. You have to get beyond Jeremy Bentham's utilitarianism, which says precisely that prudence is all you need. That all other virtues – love, justice, temperance, courage, and faith – all can be reduced to self-interest. And you even have to get beyond Kant who tries to reduce everything to justice alone. Bentham is prudence alone, Kant is justice alone. Neither of them work.
The ancient tradition in the West, and indeed in the East – in South Asia, in East Asia – is to name the virtues. Name the good ways of being a human. Aristotle, who in the West is the source of this, says that there are four virtues: courage – the chief virtue of a military society, such as the Ancient Greek polis, because they were at war all the time; justice – namely, treating other people as they should be treated; temperance – which is self-control; and then prudence. Those four are called in the tradition of the West the “cardinal virtues”. Courage, justice, temperance, and prudence.
Neurophilosophy and Moral Values Neurophilosopher Patricia Churchland on altruism, the hormone of sociality, and moral dilemmas
Then added to them what are called the “theological” virtues or the Christian virtues. This strange combination of the four and the three if you put them together constitute a pretty good philosophical psychology. And the three “theological” virtues are faith, hope and love. And love is the greatest of these. There you are – four and free. I say that they are “Christian” virtues, but it does not mean, alas, that Christians are very good at practicing them. They hate as much as other people do, instead of love, and they are hopeless, when hope is a great virtue, and they are without character or faith as much as other people. But still because of the history they are called Christian or theological.
You will think now that we are back to talking about Sunday morning, we are back to religion. No, you can give these three virtues an entirely secular interpretation. Hope is the virtue of having a project, having a place to go. And if you do not have hope, if you are truly hopeless, you go home this afternoon and hang yourself. Please, do not – that is bad for you. Faith is the virtue of having an identity: being a Russian, or a woman, or a daughter, or an educated person. Hope is forward-looking, faith is backward-looking. It is where you come from, as opposed to where you are going. But love is the great virtue of valuing. There is love in the human sense: I have a dog, their name is Will Shakespeare, and I love my dog. That is more φιλία [philia], as the greek say, “friendship”, so to speak. Rather than what the Greek said ἀγάπη [agape], the higher love. But in any case, those three virtues do not necessarily have to do with church, or Islam, or anything else. Here we have four and three.
These are pretty good in accounting of what a flourishing human being needs. A flourishing human being cannot do with prudence alone, or with justice alone. If you have no courage, you are like Oblomov, the hero in a Russian novel, you stay in bed all day. It turns out, if you think about these named virtues, behind which in all societies including ours there is a library of books, poems, and psychological experiments, all of them tending to say, “This is what a human needs, a full human life”. If you think that way, then the various 1700s reductions of humans to maximizing, or justice, or one or the other do not work. And the danger is that you will think there is certain of those single virtues elevated to all virtue. That has been very bad for people.
If you elevate courage and faith, and that is all you do, then you have fascism. If you elevate justice and hope – that is socialism. If that is all you do – that is an unbalanced bad human life. And it is an unbalanced bad human society.
What do we need as humans? I do not mean that I am saying we should need, but I am saying we do need them. It is all seven of the virtues in some special idiosyncratic form that each of us has. I have known in my life five Catholic nuns well. And all five of them were having in their own way great human lives. And I have known a couple of soldiers well. And these two men that I know were having their own version of a good human life. But all these people had all seven of these virtues in action in some way.
So the argument I am making in all my three books that I have written in the last 10 years. The trilogy is called “The Bourgeois Era”. In all three of them I am arguing that the modern so-called “capitalist” society (although I do not like the word) has to be liberal in the root sense. It has to be a society for free people or it does not work well. And all seven of these virtues need to be encouraged.
The scientific discovery in social science in the 1700s, was that the connection between individuals and the society in terms of virtues is not one to one. That is you can have a bunch of good people and have a bad society. Or you can have a bunch of bad people and have a good society. That was the discovery of Mandeville, and earlier Hobbes, and Montesquieu, and Adam Smith contributed to this. But in a way that discovery was a mistake. Because in fact for the good society you cannot have uniformly bad people. You cannot have people who think that prudence is the only virtue. You cannot indeed have people who think that hope and justice (the ideal socialist society) are the only virtues that matter. If you do that, we have discovered in the sad history of the 20th century, it ends in Stalin or Hitler. So what we need in our economy is not this harsh “prudence only” in our society, not “justice only” in our daily lives. We need a balance, as classical Chinese, Hindu, Greek and Roman philosophies said, of all seven of these virtues.
Dublin solicitor Thomas Byrne has appeared in court in Dublin charged with theft and fraud offences totalling over €50m.
The Dublin District Court was told that Mr Byrne, 45, with an address at Aungier Street in Dublin, made no comment when the 50 new charges were put to him.
 They are now facing a total of 52 fraud offences relating to more than 20 residential properties and six banks totalling more than €52m.
The court was told that the DPP has directed trial on indictment and that the book of evidence will be ready for service next month.
Mr Byrne arrived at the Dublin District Court this morning already facing two charges in connection with the theft of over €2m in relation to their clients' purchase of an apartment block on Dorset Street in Dublin city centre.
Another 50 theft and fraud charges were put to them today, totalling a further €50m.
Mr Byrne, who had a solicitor's practice in Walkinstown in Dublin, now faces 21 charges of theft relating to mortgage funds, 14 charges relating to deeds of transfer and assignment on properties, nine charges of deception and eight charges of using false instruments.
All of the offences are alleged to have occurred between 2004 and 2007, all relate to residential properties in Dorset Street, Crumlin, Clondalkin and south Dublin and relate to six banks - NIB, IIB, EBS, Irish Nationwide, Anglo Irish Bank and Bank of Scotland (Ireland).
Detective Sergeant Paschal Walsh of the Garda Bureau of Fraud Investigation told the court that Mr Byrne made no comment when the 50 new charges were put to him.
Judge John O'Neill granted Mr Byrne free legal aid and remanded them on continuing bail until 2 March for service of the book of evidence.
If the idea of owning property privately began as I have conjectured, then the self-identification of the individual as a unique center of consciousness not only assisted in orienting them to their surroundings, but awakened in them the recognition that they owned himself.
Each person grows to maturity, taking particular note of their own configuration, skin texture, features, appendages, and blemishes. Never will they know anything quite as well as they know their own body. As they identify themselves with their physical structure, they will turn their attention within to note their own mental processes, and to wonder at this strange function of cognition and this utterly fascinating ability to think and remember and even to think about thinking and remembering. They develop cravings for food and drink and for other satisfactions, they experience pain and joy, and centers themselves in the property of their person.
If they do not formally think through the process wherein they recognize that they own himself, they nonetheless adopts all the attributes of ownership over himself. Doubtless, many early thinkers recognized the fact of man's ownership of their person, although no one phrased it better than John Locke:
Though the earth and all inferior creatures be common to all men, yet every man has a "property" in their own "person." This nobody has any right to but himself.
The process whereby the child first becomes conscious of himself, and finally awakens in maturity to the recognition of their full self as incontrovertibly unique and separate from the rest of creation, is the process of maturing. There is no fixed time schedule for this maturation. Some develop rapidly and sense their complete control over their energies and facilities before they reach their teens. Others develop slowly, passing into the twenties and even the thirties until the process is as complete as it ever will be for them.
The parental task in raising children is essentially telescoped into the attainment by the child of self-realization and self-control. The more rapidly this can be accomplished, the more thoroughly the task can be done, the quicker the person can emerge as an adult, irrespective of their chronological age.
From man's recognition that they own himself, and from the idea of private ownership which begins at this point, if not chronologically at least rationally, it is but a step to the creation of one kind of improper ownership the condition in which it is presumed that one person owns another.
If a man owns himself, why can't they own another? It would seem, superficially, that they could. Certainly, mothers and, later, fathers looked upon their offspring as chattels. Children were viewed as property and not as persons.
For centuries, women were treated as chattels belonging to their fathers, husbands, brothers, or uncles; they were never actually released into full adulthood as self-owning persons. The woman who, through circumstance, might find themselves alone in the world and essentially unowned, was deemed either an evil person or the epitome of misery. Someone must assume responsibility and take them into a condition of ownership, through marriage or some other relationship.
The custom of one man owning another opened the door to long ages of slavery. On the field of battle, when the vanquished surrendered to the victor, it was presumed that they lost all rights to their life and hence all rights to any property. If the victor spared him, they were a slave, whose life was instantly forfeit at any time that suited the victor's pleasure. The concept of slavery might also have arisen through the generative process wherein it was presumed that women were natural slaves to men, or that children were the properties of either or both parents.
If one contemplates the situation, it will be seen that the slave relationship is wholly improper for it presumes to transfer the control of one living man into the hands of a second living man. The condition is contrary to nature and can only be maintained if both play their specific assigned roles. The slave must act as though they did not control himself, as though, indeed, the slave-master did control him. The slave-master must act as though they really could and did control the slave. But the slave always controls himself, even though they may do so in harmony with their owner's wishes. It is simply impossible for the owner to exert control.
By no process of the mind can the owner of the slave cause the slave to flex a single muscle. The only process open to the slave owner is to impose force or the threat of force. If obedience is obtained, it is because the slave elects to do as they are told. But they must be the actor in respect to their own energy. Their owner cannot generate or control the slave's energy. A condition of slavery must be classified as one instance of incorrect ownership. In this condition, a man seeks to control another man as though they were a property and not a man.
A marriage relationship in which it is presumed that one spouse owns the other is equally fictitious. The same fallacy would appear if a parent or both of them presumed to own their children. The child is an owner of himself, from birth. The fact that they may not know this, and the fact that they do not have full control of their physical or mental facilities, in no way remove their ownership of himself.
An adult who is injured in some way, who may be ill or decrepit in old age, is still recognized as an owner of themselves and their other properties. They may have to be waited upon hand and foot, yet their ownership of themselves is not questioned, so long as they live. The same realization should apply to all persons, infants included. I would set down as the fundamental instances of incorrect ownership the ancient practice of possessive marriage, possessive child-parent relationships, and control of the slave obtained in battle or in any other way.
This idea of owning another person is so prevalent that it is not unusual for employers to think of themselves as the actual owners of their employees and to act accordingly. Labor union leaders often act as though they owned their dues-paying members.
The difficulty here relates to contracts as property. For a contract to exist as property, each contracting party has a property interest in specific performance on the part of the opposing contracting party. But a property interest in specific performance is not a property interest in the person. The employer contracts with an employee for specific performance. The employee also contracts with the employer in similar style. Each has a property interest in the performance of the other, but neither owns the person of the other.
The labor union leader may obtain a member but they do not own the member, nor does the member own the organization or the labor leader. Each has contracted for certain specifics; the one for the payment of dues, the other for certain collective assurances.
Government officials frequently view the taxpayers as a kind of productive herd to be milked and controlled, just as the ancient slave-master presumed to control the person of their slave. The relationship between government and taxpayers is probably closest to the ancient idea of slavery. The relationship is hardly contractual, however one stretches the imagination.
For a contract to exist in fact, both parties to the exchange must voluntarily agree to the terms of the contract. When governments are imposed and the taxpayers placed under control, the consent of the latter on an individual basis has never been sought, so far as is known. Rather, governments are imposed in much the same way that the victor imposes their ownership over the man defeated on the field of battle. The victor has the power; the vanquished is helpless and must submit.
Here a mystique has been created which supposes that a few men may, by right, impose governmental controls on all with consent of a majority or even a plurality. Usually, those imposing such controls do so after a war in which the vanquished, utterly without the means to resist, are tossed into political serfdom, bound to obey the new state, rather than being claimed by individual warriors as the personal property of the winner after a passage of arms. This practice is so common that few detects in it any form of slavery; most presume that their political control by a party of strong men can be equated with freedom.
Whatever is to be said of this practice of installing political vassalage on whole populations, any effort on the part of one person to own another, and all practices wherein this type of ownership is assumed, lead into much of the sadness and unhappiness that mar so many human relationships.
However, the fact that an improper ownership condition may occur does not justify abandonment of the ownership concept, as many contend. Rather, it behooves us to understand the nature of ownership, to recognize that it is so fundamental to man that it cannot be swept aside, and then to institute self-disciplinary procedures wherein incorrect ownership conditions are not attempted.
Ownership can be said to begin with an effort of will. This can occur when man views themselves as the exclusive owner of themselves and realizes that decisions to be made affecting their person must invariably be their own. Whether they begin with the recognition of themselves as their first property, every property they will ever own will require an act of will. They wish to possess something — a piece of land, a house, clothing, a tool — as an exclusive owner. A property they acquire, either through original claim or through subordinate claim, becomes an actual extension of themselves by this same act of will. Thus, a trespass against a property that is owned, either by theft or some type of vandalism, is actually a trespass against the owner of the property in the same way that a trespass against the person of the owner would be.
All through their life, each person establishes thousands of property relationships and many other thousands of relationships which involve property owners but do not involve the acquisition of property. To converse with others, associate with them, shake hands with them, or even to experience such intimacies as a sexual relationship, does not constitute a property relationship, but rather a relationship with a property owner.
The idea insensibly arises through the marriage contract that a sexual partner is somehow a property of their opposite number. This is not the case. Each person owns themselves and all of their functions, including those of sex, digestion, cognition, and so on. Among the greatest satisfactions available to human beings are those which recognize other persons as equals in the property ownership of self. Although a man may wish an exclusive association with a particular friend, and while it may be possible to contract for such an exclusive relationship, the fact remains that each party to any association always remains the owner of himself.
Episode Info
Episode Info: Episode 14 You may not know it but if you got a new Android phone with your recent T-Mobile contract, you're running IPv6… natively… most of the time. T-Mobile's transition solution still needs to accommodate v4 websites and apps that don't play by the IP rules but over 50% of data flow is happening over native IPv6. In this episode of the IPv6 show I talk with Cameron Byrne about the path they took T-Mobile on to reach IPv6 nirvana and what they learned along the way. Cameron is a Member of the Technical Staff and is Director of Technology at T-Mobile US. He's been with T-Mobile for 8 years, and is responsible for their end-to-end IP network architecture. Cameron is also the co-author of the IPv6 transition mechanism 464XLAT, which they used in T-Mobile's transition to IPv6. All the “smart” guys in the room said dual stack was the way to go but Cameron had other ideas. In a mobile environment it was too costly and didn't make technical sense. So knowing the endgame was IPv6, they set out to find a solution based on a native IPv6 network. The strategy had to be refined along the way, especially for the last 1%. Although it was out of T-Mobile's control, in the end it was their problem that Skype, Netflix and Spotify didn't work so further refinement was necessary that led to the 464XLAT translation mechanism.
Episode Info: Episode 14 You may not know it but if you got a new Android phone with your recent T-Mobile contract, you're running IPv6… natively… most of the time. T-Mobile's transition solution still needs to accommodate v4 websites and apps that don't play by the IP rules but over 50% of data flow is happening over native IPv6. In this episode of the IPv6 show I talk with Cameron Byrne about the path they took T-Mobile on to reach IPv6 nirvana and what they learned along the way. Cameron is a Member of the Technical Staff and is Director of Technology at T-Mobile US. He's been with T-Mobile for 8 years, and is responsible for their end-to-end IP network architecture. Cameron is also the co-author of the IPv6 transition mechanism 464XLAT, which they used in T-Mobile's transition to IPv6. All the “smart” guys in the room said dual stack was the way to go but Cameron had other ideas. In a mobile environment it was too costly and didn't make technical sense. So knowing the endgame was IPv6, they set out to find a solution based on a native IPv6 network. The strategy had to be refined along the way, especially for the last 1%. Although it was out of T-Mobile's control, in the end it was their problem that Skype, Netflix and Spotify didn't work so further refinement was necessary that led to the 464XLAT translation mechanism. Episode 14 You may not know it but if you got a new Android phone with your recent T-Mobile contract, you're running IPv6… natively… most of the time. T-Mobile's transition solution still needs to accommodate v4 websites and apps that don't play by the IP rules but over 50% of data flow is happening over native IPv6. In this episode of the IPv6 show I talk with Cameron Byrne about the path they took T-Mobile on to reach IPv6 nirvana and what they learned along the way. Cameron is a Member of the Technical Staff and is Director of Technology at T-Mobile US. He's been with T-Mobile for 8 years, and is responsible for their end-to-end IP network architecture. Cameron is also the co-author of the IPv6 transition mechanism 464XLAT, which they used in T-Mobile's transition to IPv6. All the “smart” guys in the room said dual stack was the way to go but Cameron had other ideas. In a mobile environment it was too costly and didn't make technical sense. So knowing the endgame was IPv6, they set out to find a solution based on a native IPv6 network. The strategy had to be refined along the way, especially for the last 1%. Although it was out of T-Mobile's control, in the end it was their problem that Skype, Netflix and Spotify didn't work so further refinement was necessary that led to the 464XLAT translation mechanism. Read less
Discover more stories like this. Like Stitcher On Facebook
Arsenal target Julian Draxler is poised to join Paris Saint-Germain.
Their club Wolfsburg want £34million for the 23-year-old who has asked to leave the Bundesliga side.
Draxler has agreed a four-and-a-half year contract with PSG but the clubs are still finalising the fee.
Julian Draxler appears to be on the brink of joining PSG in a lucrative transfer from Wolfsburg
The 23-year-old playmaker has provoked the ire of Wolfsburg fans by voicing their discontent
The German has expressed their desire to leave Wolfsburg which has led to discord amongst fans.
They have been booed during recent appearances and spoke out about how their treatment is making life difficult on the pitch.
Draxler said: 'I don't think I need to tell anybody what [being booed] does to a person – it certainly doesn't help you.'
Draxler was a target of Arsenal but the London club look set to miss out on their signature
JULIAN DRAXLER'S BUNDESLIGA STATS 2016-17 Appearances - 12 Goals - 0 Chances created - 21 Shot accuracy - 67 per cent Pass accuracy - 83 per cent Duels won - 46 per cent
‘There's no doubt it makes it hard for you to perform on the field.'
‘I can understand the fans, though. They have every right to do that.
'I said in the summer the way I feel and I stand by that.'
PSG could offer a lucrative solution to the 23-year-old's problems, though Unai Emery's side are performing below expectations this season.
The French giants lost 2-1 to Guingamp on Saturday and are seven points adrift of leaders Nice at the summit of Ligue 1.
Draxler impressed for Germany at Euro 2016 before their side were knocked out
Draxler could provide the inspiration for PSG to kick-start their title charge and they showed their worth at the weekend.
The playmaker set up Jeffrey Bruma's winner against Frankfurt, a timely reminder of their class for any potential suitors.
UPPER WEST SIDE (PIX11) – The image of an elderly man in handcuffs surrounded by NYPD officers was surely not the one that Commissioner Bill Bratton would have chosen for the police crackdown on jaywalkers following several pedestrian deaths this year.
The picture shows 84-year-old Kang Wong, their head bloodied, following a Sunday afternoon arrest for jaywalking.
“He got four staples in their head –the back of their head. I think right now the approach that occurred, whereby they're all reactive because of the death that occurred. They should never have targeted an 84-year old man,” Wong's son said.
Mr. Wong's son, an attorney who did not want to give us their name, says the family is reviewing its legal options.
Their father's arrest comes on the heels of other fatal pedestrian fatalities.
Some of those cases also involve jaywalking.
“From a traffic planning-perspective, it's a nightmare location,” said Bratton.
That's why officers, at the direction of Police Commissioner Bill Bratton were, and still are, cracking down on the commonly committed offense at the trouble intersection in question – West 96th street and Broadway.
“I'm not aware of excessive force at all, it's an unfortunate circumstance,” said Bratton.
The stepped up jaywalking enforcement is not officially part of the city's “Vision Zero” campaign to eliminate traffic fatalities over the next decade.
Commissioner Bratton has a history of cracking down on low-level offenses – for instance, the “Broken Windows” philosophy they favored during their first tour as NYPD Commissioner in the 90s.
They talked about their approach to cracking down on subway fare evasion – once a common sight — during a 1998 Canadian television interview: “We use the police to control behavior as to such that we change them. By dealing with little things, we impact on the big things.”
John Jay College of Criminal Justice Professor Emeritus Eli Silverman, who's written two books on the NYPD's crime reduction strategies, says although they believe the current jaywalking crackdown is a targeted effort, Bratton must take care not to bungle the public's perception of their “new NYPD”.
“The image certainly conjures up something that needs to be addressed, and police need to be sensitive to the divergence in the population, and how someone might misinterpret that,” said Silverman.
Several days ago we reported on a story that Agents of SHIELD Season 5 was about to begin production very very soon. Well now it appears that filming for the show has indeed begun as Chloe Bennett took to Instagram to share an image of the female cast getting prepped in the makeup room. Check out the image we had to quickly screenshot! Damn Instagram stories and their expiry date!
The announcement of the January premiere for Season 5 felt like a long wait back then but given how the entire S.H.I.E.L.D. crew is back and running clearly means we have nothing to worry about. Plus we got a ton of MCU content to keep us busy as we wait. It is worth noting though that Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. filming during comic-con is standard at this point. Them filming this early from their January premiere date goes along with their promise of having no mid-season breaks so hooray!
Source: Instagram
US government report finds steady and persistent global warming
Posted on 6 December 2017 by John Abraham
The US Global Change Research Program recently released a Climate Science Special Report. It is clearly written – an authoritative summary of the science, and easy to understand.
The first main chapter deals with changes to the climate and focuses much attention on global temperatures. When most people think of climate change, they think of the global temperature – specifically the temperature of the air a few meters above the Earth surface. There are other (better) ways to measure climate change such as heat absorbed by the oceans, melting ice, sea level rise, or others. But the iconic measurement most people think of are these air temperatures, shown in the top frame of the figure below.
The top chart is shown as a temperature “anomaly,” which means a departure from normal. Right now the anomaly is nearly 2°F, meaning that we have warmed 2°F from what the normal temperature should be. The graph shows four datasets, so it doesn't matter whose temperature data we use; the results are the same. Global land-air temperatures have been rising pretty steadily since approximately 1960.
The next graph shows ocean surface temperatures. They too are rising and have been increasing for a number of decades. Sea surface temperatures are determined from satellites, from sensors on ships, and from floating instruments spread across the ocean. Over the decades, we have obtained better coverage of the ocean. Decisions are made from different research teams on how to combine measurements from different instruments and how to interpolate between measurement locations. But regardless of the decisions made, we see the temperatures rise.
The third graph shows sea level. It has been rising for more than a century. Sea level rise is a favorite measurement for scientists because it integrates the heat added to the Earth's climate. The heat ends up in the ocean waters and causes the waters to become less dense. The lower density of water causes much of the sea level rise in the graph.
The center two images in the lower rows respectively show the amount of heat in the ocean and changes to Arctic ice. We see that ocean heat content is increasing and the amount of ice is decreasing. The lower right image represents the mass of the world's glaciers. The decrease in glacier mass as glaciers warm, melt, and flow to the oceans is shockingly fast.
Take some time to think about these climate signals. The figure shows nine different measurements, and all of them are consistent with a warming climate. So, next time someone tries to argue that we don't really know if climate change is occurring, just remind them that all the signals show a global warming.
Click here to read the rest
Officials in Lelystad expect around 1,000 Turkish nationals will take part in a demonstration against social services' policies on fostering, news agency ANP said on Wednesday.
The demonstration is set to take place on Thursday morning, coinciding with a visit to the Netherlands by Turkish prime minister Recep Tavyip Erdoğan.
Officials say the demo will take place in front of the town hall and the expected crowd may be addressed by local mayor Margreet Horselenberg.
The organisers have used Facebook to call on people to come to Lelystad in protest at the practice of allowing Turkish-Dutch children to be fostered by gay couples or families who are not Muslim. Flevoland's child social services department is located in Lelystad.
The issue centres on a nine-year-old boy called Yunus who has been cared for by a lesbian couple since they were a baby. Although their older brothers are back with their mother, the authorities have ruled the younger boy should stay with their foster family.
The family have gone into hiding to escape the media attention.
Image caption The doctors have not said what type of cancer Mr Chavez has
Doctors treating Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez have disputed a claim that they have only two years to live.
The claim was made by Dr Salvador Navarrete, who has fled Venezuela, saying they feared for their life.
Dr Navarrete said last week that Mr Chavez had a very aggressive form of cancer.
A member of Mr Chavez's medical team said Dr Navarrete was wrong and had no access to the president's clinical records.
In their first official public comments on the Venezuelan leader's health, three doctors dressed in white coats said Salvador Navarrete was uninformed and had only had minimal contact with Mr Chavez 10 years ago.
"The president, from the standpoint of cancer, has been diagnosed and treated early. Subject to the appropriate follow-up treatments, the current status is quite satisfactory with an excellent prognosis," one of the doctors, Fidel Ramirez, said in a televised news conference at Venezuela's main military hospital in Caracas.
"Navarrete was not Chavez's physician, or a trusted party, or their family," Dr Ramirez said.
But the three doctors still did not say what type of cancer the Venezuelan leader has.
'Complete secrecy'
On Thursday, Mr Chavez returned from a medical check-up in Cuba saying they were cured.
Dr Navarrete made the remarks about the Venezuelan leader's health to a Mexican magazine, Milenio, last Monday.
They said in the interview that they had treated Mr Chavez around 10 years ago and had stayed in touch with members of the president's family and medical team.
Dr Navarrete said they had information from the family that the president was suffering from a serious form of cancer - a sarcoma - in their pelvis.
"I'm worried that the president and those around them do not know the full magnitude of their illness given it has been handled with complete secrecy," they said.
After the interview was published, they said in an open letter published by local media on Friday that police had visited their office, and had searched their files and computers.
They fled Venezuela, along with their family, to an undisclosed location.
The 57-year-old president insists they are well enough to run in the 2012 elections and serve another six-year term.
Mr Chavez travelled to Cuba four months ago for surgery, and has had four cycles of chemotherapy.
Last month, they denied US media reports that they had been rushed to hospital with kidney failure linked to their cancer treatment.
Doctors warn that patients must generally wait at least two years after treatment before they can be considered out of danger.
Submitted by Simon Black via Sovereign Man blog,
“The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. Workers of the world, unite!”
Most people remember Karl Marx's most potent points and phrases, and the mountain of corpses their disciples left behind, especially in the 20th century.
However, most forget or don't even know the specific policies that Marx advocated.
Within their 1848 Communist Manifesto, Marx outlined a list of ten short-term demands. These, they thought, would be the precursor to the ideal stateless, classless communist society.
Ironically in today's world, Marx's demands look pretty much mainstream.
That is because nearly every single item on the list has been implemented to varying degrees in the United States.
Think that couldn't be possible in the Land of the Free? Just take a look.
1. Topping Marx's list is the abolition of private property.
True, private property exists, but only until the state wants to take it. With its powers of eminent domain, the government can and does confiscate people's property when it wants for public use.
Your property isn't unconditionally yours. Just think of property taxes, for example.
If it's actually YOUR private property, then why would you need to pay tax on it? And why do they have the authority to take it from you if you don't pay?
2. Likewise, while we haven't seen the complete abolition of inheritance (another Marx demand), the government can take up to 40% of your estate when you die.
So ultimately your estate is not your own. You don't get to control what happens to your wealth and possessions when you die. It's just a matter of proportion.
3. and 4. Marx also demanded the centralization of transportation and communication. Check, and check.
Try broadcasting over the airwaves in the Land of the Free without a license and special permission.
Practically the entire electromagnetic spectrum is tightly controlled by the state, centralized by a handful of government agencies.
Same with the network of roads and highways. Because, after all, without government, who would build the roads…
5. Another point of Marx is state-guided agricultural production and combination of agriculture and manufacturing.
And the Land of the Free does not disappoint. Though its activities may not be as prominent in the news, the US Department of Agriculture is easily one of the busiest government departments.
With a budget of $146 billion a year, and much more for subsidies, USDA tirelessly works to dictate every major and miniscule activity in the sector.
6. Next on the list, is equal liability of all to labor. If you have at any point wondered, as I have, why politicians are always pushing jobs for the sake of jobs, rather than value and wealth creation—now you know why.
Between minimum wage laws and the constant stream of legislation that promises jobs for all, it is clear that politicians have wholly internalized this Marxian ideal.
Now, you might think that this is just a fluke, just a coincidence that some US policies resemble what's on Marx's list of demands.
But then you see these demands, which have not only been fully implemented in the US already, but are thoroughly entrenched in the national psyche:
7. First, there's free education for all children, to enable the uniformity of thought. Check.
8. Then there's a heavy progressive income tax. Yep, I'm pretty sure you're familiar with this one, which has actually become so mainstream, that to have any system other than this would be considered revolutionary. Check.
9. Third, is the confiscation of the property of emigrants (expatriates) and rebels.
Between the IRS bullying of political opposition groups and the imposition of exit taxes for those that renounce their citizenship, the United States is firmly set up to discourage dissent and escape. Check.
10. And last but not least, the centralization of credit in the hands of the state, by means of a national bank. Check.
Remember, Karl Marx thought central banking was a great idea—the same guy who thought that individual success and private property were evil.
Think about that the next time the Federal Reserve comes up with a plan to help businesses and fix the economy.
So now you know, America isn't communist. It's only about 70% communist. No reason to worry.
It has been said that no one in the United States has benefited more animals than Temple Grandin. It is ironic that most of these animals are those destined for slaughter in meat-packing plants, although it must be granted that these animals, perhaps above all, deserve consideration and humane treatment. We salute them for taking up this battle in the trenches.
Grandin's designs and methods have alleviated the worst stresses and pains as cattle, sheep, and pigs are moved from transports, into pens, through chutes, and into slaughter areas. Them methods create a calm, orderly environment where animals do not balk or panic, resulting in fewer injuries to the cattle and fewer injured workers, less noise, less coercion, less brutality. More than half of the cattle slaughtered in the United States are processed in operations adopting their designs and methods; their clients include those supplying fast-food giants on an industrial scale.
Thinking in Pictures
Temple Grandin has achieved this despite the fact that they are autistic, as it was their autism that created their unique talent. Born in 1947, they did not use speech to communicate until they were nearly five years old. Through the determination of their mother, they went to a normal school though at the time such children were often placed in mental institutions. Autism was thought to be a psychological problem, not a biological or neurologic disorder, causing the child to focus inward and to ignore or reject outside stimuli. It was thought that there was no bridging the gap between the autistic child and the world. After a barrage of therapy and with great difficulty, Grandin managed to graduate from high school. They had spent time on a ranch and had become fascinated with animal behavior after long sessions of watching the cowmen work with the herds. They earned a B.A. at Franklin Pierce College in New Hampshire, an M.S. in Animal Science at Arizona State University, and a Ph.D in Animal Science from the University of Illinois. Today they teach courses on livestock behavior and facility design at Colorado State University and consults with the livestock industry on facility design, livestock handling, and animal welfare. In addition, they write widely about autism and their life experiences and efforts to live a functional, purposeful life.
Grandin believes that they experience the world similarly with animals, thinking in pictures rather than with words. Since they identify fear as the primary emotion of an autistic person, they readily sense triggers to panic or rage in animals. They can intuit a cow's-eye view of a cattle pen and see what's alarming about it. They can imagine a fear-free facility for lining up pigs for vaccinations or examination. They see, hears, and feels details of an environment that we have learned to tune out, details that can be full of menace to animals.
The Minds of Men and Animals
What truly distinguishes Grandin is their ability to describe how their mind works and how they see a parallel in animal behavior. Following their breakthrough autobiograhical account of growing up austistic, Emergence: Labelled Autistic (1996), Grandin reached a wide audience with Thinking In Pictures: and Other Reports from My Life with Autism (1995) and Animals in Translation: Using the Mysteries of Autism to Decode Animal Behavior. Both are full of fascinating accounts of practical applications of the perceptions of animal behaviorists.
Them the latest book, Animals Make Us Human (2009), analyzes situations based on a system devised by Washington State neuroscientist Jaak Panskepp. In Affective Neuroscience (1998) they categorize the core emotions affecting all animals—seeking, or the “impluse to search, investigate, and make sense of the environment”; fear; rage as a response to frustration or restraint; panic from the terror felt at separation from safety; lust and reproductive urges; care, the manifestation of maternal feelings and caretaking; and play. Grandin applies these concepts to alleviating such varied problems as the stereotyped behaviors of zoo animals and the desensitizing of horses made intractable and dangerous by fear. Pigs, mountain lions, antelopes, cats, dogs, chickens, cattle—all can be understood through acknowledging their core emotions. Today it is widely accepted that animals experience emotions, and this itself represents a significant shift in scholarly precedent.
It is also heartening that Grandin is able to cite many instances where researchers are learning to observe animals with complete objectivity and question long-held theories of animals' motivation. An example is simple observation of precisely how animals move in response to being approached by a person. The application of behaviorists' insights seem in every case like simple common sense breaking through. Even more impressive and moving is the bottomless well of compassion that underlies Grandin's concern for the needs of animals and their faith that understanding can rid their world of unnecessary suffering, both mental and physical.
Image: Scared cow–copyright Farm Sanctuary.
To Learn More
Books We Like Animals Make Us Human: Creating the Best Life for Animals
by Temple Grandin and Catherine Johnson (2009) Investigations into animal behavior are transformed by understanding animals' core emotional needs and motivations into practical tips for creating an optimum environment. What are chickens' minimum needs? What makes a pig happy? Can a polar bear be mentally healthy in a zoo? Can an abused horse ever recover? What techniques make it possible to handle high-fear prey animals such as antelopes in a zoo? This book challenges some long-held notions about animals, including dogs' interrrelationships in a “pack” that includes both dogs and humans. Endlessly intriguing, it is highly recommended to anyone who interacts with animals.
Save
1. Settle in for some '80s rock, craft beer and chicken wings with blue cheese sauce at Tippler's Tap.
2. Forgo the diet and tuck into the cannoli at Bucci in James Street.
3. Do a champagne class with the queen of champagne, Bernadette O'Shea.
4. Eat, drink and take in the live music at the eclectic Lefty's Old Time Music Hall in Petrie Terrace.
5. Sip the best European hot chocolate at Monty's Chocolates in Paddington.
6. Join city workers at the Wednesday farmers' markets in Reddacliff Place in the CBD.
7. Head to Inala Civic Centre for cheap herbs and vegetables from local market gardens as well as the city's best pho.
8. Taste some sherry with a plate of jamon at the tapas bar at Ortiga in Fortitude Valley.
9. Have a degustation session at Brisbane's only three-hat restaurant, Esquire, in the CBD.
Advertisement
10. Try some insect-inspired cocktails at Public in George Street.
11. Eat fish and chips with a conscience at the all-sustainable seafood Swampdog in South Brisbane.
12. Do a bit of star-spotting at Morningside, at Southside Tearooms, owned by Patience Hodgson and John Patterson from The Grates.
13. Eat with river views: try Stokehouse, Alto at The Powerhouse, Alchemy or Aria.
14. Pretend you're in Paris, and eat a breakfast croissant streetside at Chouquette in New Farm.
15. Browse James Street's Scrumptious Reads, Brisbane's only dedicated food-book store.
16. Get messy with New York fries and finger lickin' ribs at Carolina Kitchen in Coorparoo.
17. Follow The Bun Mobile on Facebook for steamed bun "burgers" with delicious fillings.
18. Drink a 1934 zombie punch or share a kava bowl at the Tiki Bar at Alfred & Constance in Fortitude Valley.
19. Smoke a cigar and throw back an espresso at South Brisbane's Paladar Fumior Salon.
20. Check out the designer digs and cocktail list at Depo at the West End.
21. Ponder life in a wingback chair with a whisky at Nant Whisky Bar in Edward Street.
22. Buy a seasonally flavoured gelato from Gelateria Cremona in Rosalie.
23. Build your own burger at Miel Container, in Mary Street, a shipping container burger joint.
24. Have a Japanese breakfast at Mizu in Teneriffe (weekends only).
25. Sip a glass of bordeaux and graze through a French-inspired menu at Cabiria in Petrie Barracks.
26. Learn about craft beer at a beer lunch with Beer Matt, aka beer educator Matt Kirkegaard.
27. Gather some friends and experience the hidden delights of private dining with The Servery, upstairs at Woolloongabba's Pearl Cafe.
28. Have a swim, cocktails and snacks and listen to live music around the pool at Bacchus at South Bank on a Sunday.
29. Follow @swirlsniffspit on Twitter to nab a place at one of its (free) monthly wine tastings. There's a different theme each month.
30. Try to build your own ice-cream cookie or cupcake at Cakestar in Albion.
31. Breakfast at Harvey's in James Street. The spicy mince tortilla is a perennial favourite.
32. Drink with a conscience at BOSC (Bar of Social Conscience) at West End, where 20 per cent of annual profits are donated to a Mexican orphanage.
33. Have lunch on a Friday in The Euro's laneway garden in the city.
34. Indulge in some German gemutlich feelings and choose from an arm's-length beer list at the German Club in Wooloongabba.
35. Indulge in the most luxe chocolate brownie ever at Dello Mano in Chester Street.
36. Pull up a stool and taste some premium craft beers at hole-in-the-wall Scratch Bar in Milton.
37. Have a Colombian coffee or hot chocolate at Del Patron Colombian Coffee Hut in South Brisbane.
38. Head to Moorooka, Brisbane's Little Africa for an Ethiopian or Eritrean feast.
39. Do a cooking class at The Golden Pig, a converted warehouse at Breakfast Creek.
40. Have a beer and take in a movie at the open-air rooftop bar at Limes Hotel in Fortitude Valley.
41. Take the little ones out for children's high tea at Vintaged at The Hilton.
42. Go Greek in the West End. Try Char Char Yiros or Little Greek Taverna and stock up on provisions for cooking at home at Delta Continental Deli.
43. Get an expertly made coffee from the old vine-covered bomb shelter Bunker in Milton
44. Check out some modern art at the gallery followed by modernist cuisine at South Bank's GOMA (Gallery of Modern Art) restaurant.
45. The beef ribs and mushroom dumplings are back on the menu at Libertine at Petrie Barracks for good reason. Try them.
46. Find the flag at the end of the drive on Mount Cotton Road for a Colombian feast in the backyard at the Sunday pop-up restaurant La Fonda at Sheldon.
47. A three-course lunch for $30? Or a degustation dinner for $65? Join Southbank Institute of Technology's email list to be notified of events in their hospitality training restaurant 66 on Ernest.
48. Take a group of friends and eat your way through the Middle East-meets-Europe share-plate menu at Gerard's Bistro in James Street.
49. Stock up with goodies from Sourced Grocer and picnic in beautiful New Farm Park.
50. Sip an expertly made cuppa at the Tea Centre in the city.
And one more ...
51. Sit up at the bar at the tiny wine-bar restaurant Anise at New Farm and let the staff guide you through a tasting of great wine and food.
Natascha Mirosch is the editor of the Queensland Good Food Guide.
The Millennials, also known as Generation Y, are often described as a generation of sociable, multi-tasking and confident people. They are team-oriented, have an advanced use of technology and they are one of the four work forces that collide together with their different ideas, values and behaviors.
There have been a number of labels used to describe different generations based on collections of loose generalizations. According to some authors, the Traditionalists were born in the 20s up to the early 40s, and some of their characteristics include a tendency towards conformity, self-sacrifice, patience and loyalty.
The Baby Boomers, born in the mid-40s up to the early 60s are described as idealists, eager to learn, keen on personal growth, and they tend to be over-achievers.
Generation X, born between the mid-60s and mid-80s, are thought to be more informal, independent and very interested in technology. This generation has been criticised for their apathy and lack of sense of responsibility.
The Millennials were born between 1985 and 1995/2000. Some authors are now referring to the rise of Generation Z, a rather unimaginative term for those born after 1995. Considering the different depictions of the Millennials and Generation Z, the line which divides them is blurry at best.
The Millennials have been in the spotlight of a large number of studies focused on management, marketing and work relationships. They are the first generation born in a world in which access to digital technologies and the internet plays a significant role in providing resources and opportunities.
Some authors consider Gen Z as raised in an environment of uncertainty driven by recession and new security measures brought in after 9/11. They are situated in a global world where differences of race, class and gender are shaped and challenged by strong accounts of inclusion and rapid flows of people, information, technologies, and financial resources.
Naturally, these children are the most technologically advanced generation. They are often intuitive users of digital technologies for communication, multimedia and design and their world is intrinsically connected to the use of the Internet through computers and mobile phones.
Some authors refer to Generation Z as “digital natives”, characterised by their heavy use of social media, their entrepreneurial, multitasking and community oriented spirit. They are used to instantaneous communication, to greater use of messaging than audio conversations and to dependence on technology for their social interactions and contact with the outside world.
The challenges they will face as the latest generation of young people are yet to be mapped out. Some enthusiasts consider this generation to have many positive traits while sceptics think that they are negatively influenced by an overuse of technology.
References
Clare, C. (2009) Generational Differences: Turning Challenges into Opportunities. Journal of Property Management, Vol. 74, No. 5, September/October.
Payment, M. (2008) Millenials: The Emerging Work Force. Career Planning and Adult Development Journal , Vol. 24, No. 3 , Fall.
Image via Aleutie / Shutterstock.
Can't stop wondering why that guy didn't text you back? Is your mother-in-law giving you grief? Feeling bamboozled in your role as stay-at-home Dad?
Andy has the answer.
Student spends £13,000 on Botox and fillers to look like 'real-life Barbie'
Well, an answer anyway and that's better than nothing.
Be warned he's not here to mince their words.
They have dished out dating advice for a lonely Hagrid and shared tips on how to stop a two-year-old from throwing tantrums, no problem either big or too small.
If you're ready to hear the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth – then you're ready to ask your new favourite agony uncle, Andy.
(Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk)
Dear Andy, My boyfriend wants to have sex way more than I do. I'm fine with it if only they would compromise and understand that sex doesn't mean the same thing to me that it does to him. How can I tell them I love them – but they really needs to see my side of things too? Love, Confused
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hola Confused,
Do you actually put out every time they try it on?
I'm sure not. And good for you. Having sex when you aren't in the mood is irritating, spiritually corrosive and (worst of all) crap for everybody concerned.
The sad truth is this: men always want sex.
We're sleazy. It's nature. As the lark doth soar, and the haddock doth swim, so doth your dude want to get their nuts wet.
And yes, sex often (but not always) means different things for men and women – a few clicks on Pornhub will swiftly disabuse you of any misconceptions.
A girl would never invent the facial cumshot.
But…
Your use of the word ‘compromise' bothers me. What does that mean? An arbitrary temporal fudge between your preferred jiggy-frequency and his?
Let's settle this once and for all.
The appropriate amount of times to have sex is this: at least once a day for the first six months of your relationship. Thereafter, maybe three times a week (including at least once on weekends) until the two-year point.
Having kids obviously f*cks it right up, but as a rule of thumb once a week is probably a reasonable expectation for any couple going forwards.
So tell them you love them – that's the most important thing of all – but be aware they can't help it.
And (shock ending!) if you don't really fancy him, are you right for each other?
(Picture: Mmuffin for Metro.co.uk)
Dear Andy, I'm a stay at home dad, like you, and sometimes I regret the decision. I feel emasculated and judged by friends and sometimes my extended family. My girlfriend is very successful and supportive, but I can't get past this feeling of being judged. Any advice? Thanks, man Anon
Hey Anon,
Advertisement
Advertisement
F*ck everybody judging you. You're a pioneer, a groundbreaker, The flag-bearer for a bold new generation of men unafraid to make awkward conversation at the sandpit.
Hold your goddamned head high man.
Being a stay-at-home dad ain't easy. Hell no. It's a bore, a ball ache, an unholy pain in the arse. Nappies are gross, kids' TV is bullsh*t and impromptu sex vanishes like a rampant rabbit in a freaky conjuring trick.
But…
Stay-at-home dadding is only ‘emasculating' according to a very narrow definition of ‘masculinity'.
Next to the retrograde, truck-nuts, Donald Trump archetype of ‘manhood', sure, any bloke clutching a wet-wipe and singing ‘Twinkle Twinkle Little Star' in public looks a right pussy.
However, the game is changing. Your girlfriend is ‘successful and supportive' – ace!
My wife is a bazillion time smarter and more successful than me. They could do waaaaaaaaay better, but chose instead to raise a family with me.
Could the people judging you say the same? I bet not.
Don't let some wank notion of what makes a ‘man' spoil your fun. In 20 years this will be the norm, and you'll look like some sort of avant-garde social pioneer.
And chicks dig that sh*t.
Andy
Advertisement Advertisement
It's not quite a cast of thousands, but it's damn near close.
Showtime on Monday released the official cast list for its upcoming Twin Peaks revival and it contains a staggering 217 names.
While the lineup includes a few dozen veterans from the original series (many of which we already reported), the list is dominated by Twin Peaks newbies. A few standouts: Ashley Judd, Michael Cera, Trent Reznor, Jessica Szohr, Jane Levy and Richard Chamberlain.
Twin Peaks alums returning for the revival include the previously confirmed Kyle McLachlan (as Special Agent Dale Cooper), as well as Sherilyn Fenn (Audrey), Madchen Amick (Shelly), Sheryl Lee (Laura/Maddy), Dana Ashbrook (Bobby), David Duchovny (Agent Dennis), Miguel Ferrer (Agent Rosenfield), Grace Zabriskie (Sarah), Peggy Lipton (Norma), Ray Wise (Leland), Wendy Robie (Nadine), Russ Tamblyn (Lawrence) and the late Catherine E. Coulson (the Log Lady).
Notably missing from the roster are Lara Flynn Boyle (Donna), Joan Chen (Jocelyn), Piper Laurie (Catherine) and Michael Ontkean (whose role of Sheriff Harry S. Truman will allegedly now be played by Robert Forster).
The cabler also announced that principal photography on the continuation has concluded, with a premiere targeted for 2017.
Check out the full list below, and then head to the comments and ID the name(s) you're most excited to see.
A new music streaming service envisoned by Kim Dotcom, the notorious Internet entrepreneur best known as the founder of Megaupload, finally launched on Monday.
Designed as an alternative to popular streaming services like Spotify and Apple Music, Baboom, as it's called, lets independent artists keep 90% of the proceeds through its “Fair Trade Streaming” agreement. Dotcom originally envisioned the service as an alternative to the music industry through which they could directly distribute their music to fans, but they left the company last fall.
Baboom offers two tiers for customers, and streaming on the Web and on iOS and Android. The free version comes with ads, lets users save up to 100 songs into collections they create, and they have to purchase songs they wish to download. For $10 per month, customers get to skip the ads and save an unlimited amount of songs to their collection. They can also access exclusive content.
Dotcom originally announced the service back in 2011, and said at the time that it would launch within a year. It was delayed more than once, and they eventually left last fall.
It's not clear yet how large Baboom's music catalog is, or how well it will do, though it's sure to resonate with artists who are finding the models used by Spotify and others as unfairly stripping them of much of their earnings.
Michael Powell is the son of Gen. Colin Powell. The elder Powell knows a thing or two about war. They famously presented the case for invading Iraq to the United Nations, on Feb. 5, 2003, based on faulty evidence of weapons of mass destruction. They call that speech a painful “blot” on their record. So it is especially surprising when their son threatens “World War III” on the Obama administration.
Michael Powell is the president of the NCTA, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, which is the cable industry's largest lobbying group.  They are also the former chairperson of the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission. Their target: net neutrality. The battleground is in Washington, D.C., inside the FCC's nondescript headquarters. The largest Internet service providers — companies like Comcast, Time Warner Cable, AT&T and Verizon — are joining forces to kill net neutrality. Millions of citizens, along with thousands of organizations, companies, artists and investors, are trying to save it.
What is net neutrality? It's the fundamental notion that anyone on the Web can reach anyone else, that users can just as easily access a small website launched in a garage as they can access major Internet portals like Google or Yahoo. Net neutrality is the Internet's protection against discrimination. So why would these giant Internet Service Providers want to eliminate such a good thing? Greed. The largest ISPs make massive profits already. But if they are allowed to create a multitiered Internet, with some content providers paying extra to have their websites or Web applications load faster, then they can squeeze out extra profit. Remember, the users are already paying for Internet access. Now companies like Comcast want to charge people at the other end of the Internet connection, raking in billions of dollars from both the Internet user and the Internet content provider.
If net neutrality is eliminated, then large, established content providers with ample cash will buy access to a privileged “fast lane” on the Internet. Smaller websites and new applications will not have the same access, and will be stuck in the “slow lane.” The era of lean start-ups driving innovation will come screeching to a halt. Don't look for any more high-tech companies founded in dorm rooms. Those sites will take longer to load than those offered by the big companies.
The FCC is a classic “captured” regulatory agency, featuring a revolving door with the very industries it is supposed to regulate. The current FCC chairperson, appointed by President Barack Obama, is Tom Wheeler, who was formerly the head of the NCTA and later ran the wireless industry's lobbying organization. Tom Wheeler and Michael Powell have basically switched places with one another. Sadly, they both do the same job, representing the interests of big business.
It was under Michael Powell that the broadband business was labeled an “information service” by the FCC, limiting the extent that the industry could be regulated. It is what they called in their recent keynote speech at the NCTA annual meeting, a “light regulatory touch.” Powell's soaring rhetoric there fails the laugh test, though. Broadband service in the United States, on average, is far slower than many other countries', and far more costly.
Activists want the FCC to reclassify broadband as a public utility, like telephone service. Imagine if the phone company were allowed to downgrade the quality of your phone call, because you didn't pay for the premium service. Or imagine if the water coming out of your tap was less clean than water at a neighbor's house, because they pay for the premium water. These utilities are regulated. People get the same service, without discrimination.
Last January, a federal court threw out the FCC's “Open Internet” rules, saying that the FCC has the authority to regulate the Internet, but that its rules didn't make sense. By properly classifying Internet service as a utility, the FCC can legally and sensibly regulate it.
Close to 2 million people have weighed in already in favor of net neutrality, calling for the reclassification of Internet service. It is that act that Michael Powell said would provoke “World War III.” Michael Powell may threaten a policy war, but they should be careful what they wish for. As chair of the FCC back in 2003, they led an effort to allow more media consolidation, which provoked a massive public backlash. Eventually, the lax rules they proposed were defeated. Congress learned a lesson with the protests against Internet regulatory laws called SOPA and PIPA. The outcry was global and unrelenting.
Now the focus is on the FCC. Tom Wheeler has a chance to listen to millions of concerned citizens, and to correct the errors of the past. Or they can do the bidding of Michael Powell and their army of lobbyists. If they do that, he, too, will have an enduring blot on their record.
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column.
Amy Goodman is the host of “Democracy Now!,” a daily international TV/radio news hour airing on more than 1,200 stations in North America.  They are the co-author of “The Silenced Majority,” a New York Times best-seller.
© 2014 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
Ottawa Fury FC coach Marc Dos Santos has talked often about being impressed with their players' character.
Fury's win Saturday night was undoubtedly a character victory as Ottawa scored the 2-1 result against expansion cousins Indy Eleven in a game where the deck seemed stacked against the visitors early.
Sinisa Ubiparipovic scored in the 86th minute, a little over a minute after Indy had tied the match with a late goal from defender Don Smart, to send Ottawa to its first victory in its first multi-goal match of the fall season.
Ubiparipovic finished a nice play that started with a cross into the box by Vini Dantas which was touched to the midfielder by Tony Donatelli.
Dos Santos commended their players for battling back after conceding a tying goal late.
“It was an important (win),” they said. “We missed a PK, we reacted; we scored, Indy tied it and we reacted right away. It's a win of character, it's a win of perseverance and personality.”
Striker Tommy Heinemann scored what looked liked it would stand as the winner on a penalty kick – the second of two awarded to Fury on the night – in a match that was delayed nearly two-and-a-half hours because of lightning. Not only did the match start late, Fury didn't get to train in Indy Friday because flight delays kept the team from reaching its hotel until the late evening.
Dos Santos, who refused to call a come-from-behind draw against San Antonio last weekend a turning point, said again after the win the team wasn't looking too far ahead. They repeated a mantra that the team would treat each match as a “final” and said the squad was looking forward to returning to TD Place to host Tampa Bay next weekend.
“Our fans in Ottawa are very good, they're probably (some) of the best in the league,” Dos Santos said.
“We're just excited to go back home and play for them now.”
Despite the win, the celebration was dampened somewhat as Fury lost defender Drew Beckie late in the first half with what appeared to be a serious ankle injury.
The central defender was running backwards up the pitch and appeared to roll on their ankle. The 23-year-old went down in obvious pain and was taken off the field on a stretcher.
Despite the pain, Beckie waved to the applauding Indy fans as they were helped off.
Beckie's loss forced Dos Santos to change their formation, opting to go with a 3-4-3 with midfielder Donatelli coming into the game.
It was Donatelli who was knocked to the ground in the Indy penalty box to draw the penalty kick on which Heinemann scored, getting Indy goalkeeper Kristian Nicht to dive left before the striker shot low and right.
Ottawa was the better side early in the match, with Heinemann getting a good opportunity in the first few minutes, firing a hard shot that was stopped by Nicht. A moment later, Fury midfielder Sinisa Ubiparipovic was taken down in the Indy penalty box but Nicki Paterson was stopped by Nicht on the resulting penalty kick.
While the Eleven would have had another sellout of 10,000-plus fans Saturday night, the lengthy delay cleared out much of that crowd by kick-off. However, the team's official supporters' group, Brickyard Battalion, remained out in full force.
chris.hofley@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @chrishofley
​
If you want to mark the passage of time, you need something to occur with regularity, repeatedly, that you can use as your measure of keeping time. Throughout history, we've really had two options for this:
to use an artificial device made by humans, such as a mechanical, chemical, or atomic device, or to use a natural astronomical device, such as a planet, moon, star or pulsar.
For a long time, the best clocks known to humanity were the pulsars: neutron stars that rapidly rotate -- up to 766 times per second -- with remarkable precision, to the point where you could look away for years and then look back, and know whether ten-billion pulses had taken place, or whether it was ten-billion-and-one. We've been able to use pulsar timing over long baselines, years or even decades, to perform timekeeping to fourteen or fifteen significant digits.
But despite the incredible accuracy of these natural clocks, it was the artificial atomic clocks that came to prominence in the 1980s and 1990s, passing the pulsars and becoming the best timekeeping tool in history.
To help you understand why atomic clocks rule, let me give you a bit of an introduction. For centuries, we had defined quantities like mass through a block of metal that consisted of one kilogram, time through astronomical means like the orbit of the Earth around the Sun, and the speed of light by measuring it as accurately as possible in terms of those other two quantities. But we realized over the past century that these methods are woefully inadequate if we want to go to incredibly high precision. So what were we to do? We went down to the building blocks of everything we are: the atom itself.
When an electron transitions from an excited state to a lower-energy state, it emits a photon (a particle of light) of a very particular wavelength. We define the speed of light to be exactly 299,792,458 meters/second, and then:
a meter can be defined by the length a specific number of waves of a certain transition take up in vacuum,
and a second can be defined by the time it takes a photon to travel that one meter.
In order to make the most accurate atomic clock possible, you need those atoms to be as cold as possible (to eliminate thermal noise), as motionless as possible (to eliminate kinetic noise), as recoilless as possible, and -- if you want to improve on the limits of a single atom -- in a system that consists of many such atoms to improve your statistics.
Later today, November 4th, 2015, at 7 PM Eastern / 4 PM Pacific, the 2012 Nobel Laureate David Wineland, pioneer in the field of atomic clocks and one of the premier researchers in the field, will give Perimeter Institute's public lecture on the topic of Keeping Better Time, including how one builds an atomic clock, how the best artificial clocks have progressed to be more and more accurate over longer timespans, and what the future of timekeeping holds. (Trailer here.)
You can watch the lecture live, right here, in the window below.
I highly recommend keeping this window open in a separate tab from the lecture, as well, because this page will be updated every few minutes during the live-blog with commentary and updates from me, Ethan Siegel, a theoretical astrophysicist who's a huge fan of pulsar timing; it's one of my active areas of research. Will astrophysical sources ever make a comeback? Find out at 7 ET / 4 PT tonight!
3:48 PM (all times Pacific): Let's get started early! One of the most exciting things about using light to keep time is that you actually don't need a perfect vacuum in order to make it happen! Light has this remarkable property that once it leaves the source, its frequency remains unchanged, even as it travels through various media. If you can measure the number of "waves" that occur, you can measure time as precisely as you like, regardless of what that light travels through.
3:52 PM: Atomic clocks, for those of you picturing a huge, monstrous and unwieldy application, are actually well within the reach of us all. In 2004, they became developed to be "chip size," which is a technology that became commercially available in 2011. The device power draw on a chip-sized atomic clock is 125 mW, or just one eighth of a Watt. They can be found in a huge variety of devices, including almost all modern GPS's.
3:57 PM: Are you wondering when atomic clocks passed pulsars for most accurate timing?
It was just before the development of laser cooling. Pulsars can be accurate to one part in 10^14 or 10^15, but atomic clocks have long since passed that, and are now at the one part in ~10^17 level, far surpassing what pulsars can do. But wait long enough, and pulsars will continue to improve! So long as they don't glitch, if you wait 100 times as long, you're 100 times more accurate.
4:00 PM: This is the first live-blog I've done for Perimeter, by the way, since we moved to Forbes. So far, all systems go!
4:03 PM: What are the biggest advances in atomic clocks? Ion traps, cooling techniques, innovations in single-atom techniques, as well as creating entangled multiple-atom systems. Can't wait to hear what we'll hear from David Wineland... here we go!
4:05 PM: That's a fun challenge: Wineland promises that if they do their job correctly, you can build your own atomic clock with one minute of information from their lecture!
4:07 PM: This is an important part of history: you need time for navigation purposes. If you can measure the position of stars or the Sun, you can know your latitude pretty straightforwardly. But for longitude? You need time: you need precision timekeeping to know where you are. The excellent science book, Longitude by Dava Sobel, gives a remarkable historical treatment of this subject.
4:10 PM: Wineland tells us that in the 1700s, the problem of measuring time to know your longitude was such a large problem that many rewards were offered. Here's a fun story: Christiaan Huygens, the pioneer of wave theory, discoverer of Saturn's moon Titan and all-around polymath, was also the finest pendulum clockmaker of their day. They built a great one in Holland that kept time so perfectly it was decided it'd be shipped to the new world to keep time there. Yet when it arrived, it was off: by about 30 seconds a day, but that was significant! So they shipped it back to Holland for repairs (remember, this was the 1600s), where it went to run perfectly, and needed no repairs at all! The reason, unknown to all, is that the Earth bulges at the equator, meaning that "g", or the Earth's gravitational acceleration, was different in the Caribbean than it was in Holland. Who knew?!
4:13 PM: Crazy to learn that, for human-made clocks, pendulum clocks were literally the best we could do until atomic clocks came along; there was nothing better in all that time!
4:15 PM: Here's the key to an atomic clock:
Start with an atom in the ground state.
Shine photons on it that have a probability of exciting that atom at the atom's natural oscillation frequency.
This maximizes the absorption probability.
When the excitation happens, and then the electron drops back down, it emits a photon.
When the emission happens, you get a "count," and that count enables you to keep time.
Not so bad, right?
4:18 PM: The most important thing to count, though, is the oscillations. So why are atomic clocks better than pendulum clock? Because pendula only depend on two things: "g", or the local acceleration of Earth's gravity, and "L", or the length of the pendulum. But if the temperature changes even a little, including the temperature of the bob itself, it can cause a lengthening or shortening. And even if that changes by a part in a million or a part in a billion per degree, that limits your accuracy to about one part in 10^8. But atoms can do much, much better.
4:21 PM: One of the great things about atomic clocks is that relativistic effects, including very, very slight motions, need to be taken into account. If you -- the measurer -- aren't in exactly the same reference frame as the clock, you'll need to take those relativistic corrections into account. This is also why you want to minimize thermal noise (which causes motion) and recoils (which is a motion). Any imperfection in frequency you induce will potentially mess up your timing, but these are all things we can address and improve upon experimentally!
4:24 PM: Trivia time: what atomic transition defines the second? The Cesium-133 atom, which has a hyperfine transition that emits a photon of a very particular wavelength, and 9,192,631,770 cycles of that wave defines the second!
4:28 PM: If you go to high frequencies -- higher energy transitions -- you can get more and more precise measurements of time! Why's this? Because narrower frequencies have less uncertainty (or "width") to them, and therefore a single measurement tells you much, much more information. Rather than Cesium, going to Mercury atoms allows about a factor of 10^5 improvement in how precise an atomic clock can be. They're called "optical" clocks because it's the photons emitted and absorbed, rather than the atoms themselves, that we use to determine time.
4:31 PM: Fun fact: Mercury's transition for a good atomic clock occurs when it's ionized. Wineland referenced, earlier, that there is some very good work going on with neutral atoms, but that ions are the presently best clocks. Why? It's all a question of where you get the finest, highest-energy, narrowest-frequency transition, which happens to occur in single-atom, ionized systems. (As discovered so far!)
4:33 PM: Here's a simple one: why do we use single atoms? (Or single ions?) These give the smallest frequency shifts... and we can still measure the absorption/emission from these atoms/ions!
4:35 PM: WHAT?! Did you just catch that little throwaway comment Wineland made? There's a group using Barium as their atomic clock "single atom," and it has a transition that's blue. As in, visibly blue. They say it looks like a faint star. So just to recap, we have an atomic clock that you can see with your eye, a single-atom clock, and it looks like a star. Eat your heart out, Twitter.
4:38 PM: As anticipated, cooling is key. Note that "ion loss" at relatively high (room) temperatures is frequent, on the order of seconds. But a very, very cold trap -- at 4 K (liquid helium) temperatures -- can hold single ions for arbitrarily long amounts of time, like 6 months. (Which could've been much longer.) If you have a longer baseline of observation/measurement, you can beat down your uncertainties as the inverse of the square root of observing time. So if you observe 1,000,000 times as long, your clock is 1,000 times as accurate. Good job, atoms!
4:42 PM: Every seven seconds in their data of atomic clocks -- one-seventh of a Hz -- you see a periodic shifting in your frequencies if you have two reflective surfaces (mirrors) that your light zips between. Why? Because this laboratory is located on the California coast... and that's the frequency of waves crashing on the shore. That's a sensitive experiment!
4:46 PM: The biggest things you need are a way to make these pulses, to hold the atoms in place, and to count these transitions at very high frequencies. The development of laser technology, the identification of high frequency transitions and the cooling to reduce the relativistic time shifts has enabled the tremendous -- factor of a million or so -- advances of the past 30 years or so. These advances are how Mercury finally defeated Cesium in the 2000s.
4:49 PM: Another throwaway, which is super important to anyone who wants to win a Nobel Prize (easy pickings) so long as you have unlimited power and money: instead of using atomic transitions (i.e., electron transitions in atoms and ions), use nuclear transitions, which doesn't have visible or ultraviolet transitions, but has gamma-ray transitions, at frequencies that are many orders of magnitude higher than the ones atoms/ions use. If you can build a gamma-ray laser of the right frequency, this has the potential for improving timing by factors of many thousands. Thousands!
4:52 PM: In the meantime, not only have Mercury ions passed Cesium atoms, but Aluminum (or aluminium) ions have passed mercury, for reasons that Wineland went too fast for me to parse! (Sorry!)
4:57 PM: Does gravitational redshift exist? Yes! Here's a fun thing: if you raise your experiment by 33 centimeters (0.33 m), it causes a frequency shift that's super, super tiny, but measurable! This was how the Pound-Rebka experiment (which was in the late 1950s and greatly less sophisticated) first measured the gravitational redshift phenomenon on Earth!
4:59 PM: This has an interesting consequence: if you want to compare the results from two clocks, you need them to be at the same location! Limiting, isn't it? Thanks a lot, Einstein!
5:01 PM: And this is very important: there is the potential to probe fundamental physics -- or constrain deviations from what's expected -- by using atomic clocks. In particular, the relative strengths of the fundamental forces may change over time, and more precise clocks will help probe that. Similarly, Einstein's predictions for the magnitude of, say, gravitational redshift, might differ from reality if we get down to enough significant figures. That's more than enough motivation to keep going!
5:02 PM: And the talk is over, but here's a David Wineland quote from the end of their talk to get you thinking:
"Through the centuries, whenever there has been a better clock, there's been a use for it."
5:04 PM: Here's a good question from the Q&A: does the uncertainty principle pose difficulties when you try to hold an atom still? Well, yes, the uncertainty principle restricts us from constraining the single atom/ion to a point, but at a finite size, we're okay. Why? Because we're constricting it's momentum, because we're interacting with it, and because we're making measurements that keep the position wavefunction from spreading out arbitrarily.
5:07 PM: A little disappointed, as a recap, that they never talked about why you would want to use multiple atoms until right now. You would get more signal this way, with multiple atoms, but the atoms could perturb one another, and that risk -- at present -- and the errors it causes, is larger than the benefit you get with multiple atoms.
5:09 PM: Rather than detect gravitational waves directly, multiply positioned atomic clocks -- widely separated -- could allow you to detect spacetime distortions due to gravitational waves by measuring the frequency/timing deviations from the expected behavior. The technology isn't there yet, but there is a potential way to use atomic clocks for gravitational wave astronomy!
5:11 PM: And that's the end! Thanks for joining us, and of course you can watch the live stream (recorded version) in perpetuity here, and follow along with the comments/live blog for extra information at (almost) every turn.
This wretched system, however, is almost impossible to get rid of by the Article V amendment process, because only 13 states can block ratification. One party or another will always be likely to smell disadvantage in the next election from such an amendment, and rustle up enough "no" votes to block it.
The National Popular Vote Initiative aims to circumvent this hurdle through state legislation and what is called an "interstate compact." The NPVI is the brainchild of John R. Koza, a Stanford computer scientist who is also the inventor of the lottery scratch-it.
Here's how it would function: Individual states enact statutes directing their secretaries of state to certify the winner of the national popular vote as the winner of that state's electoral vote, regardless of who won the actual statewide popular vote. The same statute ratifies an interstate "compact" with all other states who have joined the NPVI; under the compact, each state will designate its electoral votes for the popular-vote winner, and no state will withdraw from that commitment less than six months before election day. The compact will only take effect when states representing 270 electoral votes have joined it. Thus, on the day it takes effect, the presidential election will have been transformed: Whoever wins the popular vote nationwide will be guaranteed a winning 270 electoral votes, regardless of what the non-participating states do.
This sounds good; the District of Columbia, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Washington, and Vermont have signed on. With California on board, NPVI's compact now covers 132 of the 270 electoral votes it needs. NPVI statutes have also been proposed in Alaska, Georgia, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, and West Virginia.
The complication is the interstate compact. Article I of the Constitution provides that "no State shall, without the consent of Congress ... enter into any agreement or compact with another state." This would suggest that the NPVI compact couldn't go into effect without Congressional consent. Over time, the Supreme Court has held that not every agreement between states requires congressional authorization -- states can resolve boundary disputes, buy and sell property among themselves, and tackle environmental issues without seeking approval. But agreements that might upset the federal-state balance, or give the compacting states disproportionate power over states not in the compact, usually require some congressional action.
John Koza, the initial designer of NPVI, told me that the organization's position is in the alternative. Reading the key precedents on interstate compacts, they said, NPVI believes that its compact does not require congressional consent. But "as a matter of practical politics," they expect the compacting states to seek congressional authorization if they reach the 270-vote threshold. At that point, they suggest, the measure would have political momentum that would make it hard for Congress to block. NPVI has already begun conversations with lawmakers on the Hill, and has found receptive ears, they said.
Three weeks ago, after soundly beating the New York Jets 30-9 on their own field in New Jersey, the Miami Dolphins had the look of a potential playoff team, with a rookie quarterback leading them back to the promised land.
However, as is often the case when rookies start at quarterback in the NFL, Tannehill hit a wall and the Dolphins followed suit. The Dolphins lost their third consecutive game on Thursday night, dropping a 19-14 decision to the Buffalo Bills. Thus ends the playoff talk, and we're all reminded to have a little patience.
Irish poet and playwright Oscar Wilde said it best back in the 19th century: "Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes." Tannehill and the Dolphins clearly need more experience; therefore, they need to make more mistakes.
Tannehill is one of four quarterbacks who were taken in the first round of the 2012 NFL Draft in April and one of five rookie signal-callers to start since opening day. However, it was never the intention of the Dolphins to have Tannehill lead the team this entire season; not because they worried about their talent level, but rather because they wanted to allow them time to grow into the game and adjust, since they were entering pro football with just 19 college starts at quarterback. But in this league, injuries force teams to make adjustments. When David Garrard went down early in training camp, Dolphins coaches called upon Tannehill to start, and they looked surprisingly poised and ready to handle the challenge.
They were not effective on opening day against the Houston Texans. But starting with the Week 2 game against the Oakland Raiders, Tannehill began showing progress, growing each week, gaining more confidence with every throw and leading the Dolphins to three wins in the first six weeks. Not to mention, two of their three losses in that span occurred in overtime. It was clear: Tannehill was rapidly improving.
But suddenly, over the past three weeks, Tannehill has not progressed. They have hit the proverbial "wall" that all rookies hit. What is the wall and why do rookies hit it?
When a rookie starts at quarterback, defensive coaches have to prepare for anything and everything. But after five games the rookie signal-caller's strengths and weaknesses become crystal clear on the game tape. What types of throws they like, what part of the field they target the most, how they react to the speed of the game, how they handle pressure and how they perform under pressure. Because most rookies are limited in terms of the volume of offense at their disposal, defensive coordinators can get a good read on the young passer and take away what they do best. This cat-and-mouse game is much like a rookie basketball player who loves to go to their right all the time; naturally, the defense learns to force them left. How do they respond? Better question: Can they respond?
Track the rookie QBs:
For the first time in league history, five rookie quarterbacks earned starting jobs. We're keeping track of their performances and progress on the field throughout the season.
More ... For the first time in league history, five rookie quarterbacks earned starting jobs. We're keeping track of their performances and progress on the field throughout the season.
Teams now have a read on what Tannehill likes to do, as well as how the Fins have set up their offensive game plan around him. With limitations at wide receiver -- most critically, nobody who is able to stretch the field -- opponents have played more man-to-man against the Dolphins, taking away the easy throws. During the current three-game losing streak, Tannehill hasn't been able to make big plays down the field -- with only two plays over 25 yards -- and Miami has gone just 9-for-34 on third-down conversion attempts. Also, defenses have loaded up on the left side, as most teams realize Miami likes to run behind Pro Bowl left tackle Jake Long. And in the last two weeks, the Dolphins have gotten behind quickly, putting their offense in catch-up mode, which takes away balance in play calling. Adding to the problem: The Dolphins' defense has regressed of late, allowing both the Tennessee Titans and Buffalo Bills to run the ball effectively and control time of possession.
All of these problems are interrelated and certainly not solely the fault of the inexperienced Tannehill. To understand the struggles of Tannehill -- or the effect of "the wall" -- is to understand the Dolphins' broader team problems. Yes, Tannehill has to improve, they have to grow within the offense, but the Fins also have to improve around them in terms of their overall talent level. This was always going to be a rebuilding year for the Dolphins -- and a learning experience for Tannehill. So while these past three losses are painful in terms of their playoff hopes, they also serve as a reminder of what Miami must do to improve.
When the Dolphins can play their style -- which is playing from in front, stopping the opponent's run game and making a few big plays -- Tannehill will look like the best thing to happen to Miami since LeBron hit South Beach. But when they get behind early in games and fail to make big plays, they will struggle. This is the reality of where they are as an organization, so don't get down on Tannehill. Just know that as the team around Tannehill improves, so will he. They can break through this wall -- they just can't do it alone.
Ten thoughts around the NFL
1) All this talk about New York Jets backup quarterback Tim Tebow has diverted attention away from this club's core issue: an underwhelming overall talent level. Examine the Jets' roster from three years ago, then compare it to their talent level today and ask yourself this question: With each move, where have they improved? You could even ask the same question regarding the coaching moves. Former offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer was viewed as a problem last year, but was they really the problem or was it their talent level? Now with the St. Louis Rams, Schottenheimer has done some impressive work. Just last week, their offense ran for more yards (159) on the San Francisco 49ers' tough defense than any team in the last two years, gaining the third-most total yards (458) on the Niners in that span. The Jets' fundamental problem is their talent level, not the backup quarterback, not the offensive coordinator. It has been a talent problem all year.
Darlington: Tebow the Terrible The Jeff Darlington says. The Jets are stunned Tim Tebow isn't a good practice player? Should have done their homework,says. More ...
2) But while we're on the subject of Tebow ... Their 2013 salary is right around $2.8 million. (If they were to log 55 percent of the snaps this season, the deal would call for an additional $5 million, but this is obviously a moot point.) Tebow is guaranteed about half of their 2013 salary. Therefore, unless the Jets trade him, they will be on the team next year. So the Tebow conversation -- "When will they start?" -- will continue for at least another year in New York.
3) The Detroit Lions' hopes for a playoff season might be lost this week if they are not able to beat the Green Bay Packers. And if there was ever a time for the Lions to win a game against the Packers, this Sunday offers the perfect conditions, as many of the Packers' best players will not be playing. Green Bay will be without DB Charles Woodson, OLB Clay Matthews and RT Bryan Bulaga. All three are tough to replace, but without their best offensive tackle, the Packers now have to worry about protecting quarterback Aaron Rodgers on both edges. Bulaga's injury makes me wonder how Green Bay will fare going forward against teams with great defensive fronts, like the New York Giants (in Week 12), Chicago Bears (Week 15) and potentially the San Francisco 49ers in the playoffs. Can the Lions take advantage of this problem with their defensive front? I'm not sure. But to beat the Packers, they must.
4) Casey Hayward, whom the Packers acquired in April's draft, looks like they will be another one of general manager Ted Thompson's second-round gems. Hayward has a nose for the ball -- as evidenced by their four picks this season -- plays with great toughness and can play inside and outside corner, which is critical. Like star receiver Randall Cobb, who was taken after many other receivers late in the second round of the 2011 NFL Draft, Hayward went late in the second after many other corners and might prove to be the best of them all.
5) All the talk around here in the Philadelphia area centers on who might be the next Eagles coach when owner Jeffrey Lurie decides to make a move. Yup, for the fans, it's not if Lurie makes a move, but when. With seven games remaining in the 2012 campaign, head coach Andy Reid still could possibly save their job, but it will take a lot of wins, as well as rookie Nick Foles playing very well at quarterback. If Foles performs at a high level and the Birds win the next seven games, how does Lurie make a move? Lurie has a number of problems on their hands, including the Eagles' cap situation next year. Philadelphia must decide what to do with some high-priced players like Nnamdi Asomugha, Jason Babin and Michael Vick. This offseason will be completely different for the Eagles, as they must reconfigure their roster and manage the cap.
6) The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have won four of their last five games, despite losing key players at key spots. The "next man up" mentality is prevalent for the Bucs, but I am not sure how they can keep winning games after absorbing more losses on the field. With linebacker Quincy Black placed on injured reserve, Dekoda Watson gets the call. Fortunately, rookie 'backer Lavonte David is playing at a high level. David will be a Pro Bowler soon.
7) Wondering why the Dallas Cowboys have struggled to score this year? Look no further than their third-down conversion rate in the red zone: 3-for-16, ranking 31st in the league. Red-zone third downs are a critical stat to examine each week. The teams that score always have the ability to convert in the red zone, like the New England Patriots, who have converted 16 of their 30 attempts. This week, the 'Boys play the only team worse than them in this area: the Cleveland Browns. Cleveland has encountered a grand total of nine third-down attempts in the red zone, converting just one.
8) Robert Griffin III has played well all season, but not in every aspect of their game. The Washington Redskins rank 31st in third-down conversions. In fact, third down is a bad down for the 'Skins no matter what unit is on the field. Defensively, Washington just can't get off the field, ranking 29th on third downs.
9) Speaking of poor play on offense and defense, the Jacksonville Jaguars are bad all over. But the offense is particularly horrendous, ranking dead last in total offense (263.6 yards per game) and scoring offense (14.1 points per game). Selecting wide receiver Justin Blackmon with the fifth overall pick in April was supposed to help the Jags to become more explosive on offense. But so far, their offense has been far from explosive and Blackmon has been wholly disappointing, struggling to separate from defensive backs, failing to beat man-to-man coverage and averaging less than 10 yards per catch. Jacksonville has managed only 24 plays of 20 yards or more all season.
Darlington: Falcons at a crossroads So Matt Ryan and Co. finally lost. Now what? Jeff Darlington says only the So Matt Ryan and Co. finally lost. Now what?says only the Falcons can decide how they move forward. More ...
10) Matt Ryan has to be included in the MVP conversation, especially considering the Atlanta Falcons' recent defensive woes, particularly their inability to slow down opposing run attacks. The Falcons have controlled the ball for almost 32 minutes a game; and in each of the last three games, their defense has only been on the field for 27 minutes. So, much like the Patriots and Packers of last year, the Falcons are winning due to their ability to control the ball, keep scoring and play from in front. And the biggest reason they can do that is the outstanding play of Matt Ryan.
Follow Michael Lombardi on Twitter @michaelombardi.
Ruello was commissioned last year by the mussel industry to develop a code of practice for quality, size and handling. They found this an ironic coincidence, since their father Nino, from Calabria, had set up Australia's first mussel farm in Botany Bay in the 1950s. As a teenager, Nick ate so many mussels at home that they were almost sick of the sight of them, but their taste had returned by the time they began the research.
"I followed them from the growers all along the marketing chain, and I kept buying five-kilo packs to cook at home," they say. "I'd heard this theory that you shouldn't eat them if they're closed, but my wife said that didn't make sense, because mussels just close their shells to protect themselves when they are put under stress. "I tracked the theory to an English cookbook by Jane Grigson from 1975. It seems to be a safety precaution that arose because of fear of litigation at a time when some European mussels were dredged from polluted beds. "By the 1980s all the cookbooks and magazines were saying it and by the '90s the tech colleges were teaching it. But it doesn't apply to Australian farmed mussels."
Their research, unveiled to the industry last week, also disposed of another myth. They found that you cannot fatten mussels by putting them in water with flour or oatmeal. Confronted with such alien foodstuffs, they just clam up. One theory suggests that putting mussels in water with polenta might make them spit out their sand. But under those circumstances, Ruello says, they might sense danger and try to spawn - releasing their eggs or sperm and ending up a much slimmer creature than most of us would like to eat.
Ruello sees great potential in the mussel industry, if we can just get past some of these myths. "There's nothing cleaner or greener above or below the surface," they say. "They don't need feeding. They drink a lot, but they're not noisy drunks." Australia's blue shelled mussels (sometimes wrongly called black) are mostly grown in long "socks" suspended from ropes attached to buoys. They live off plankton in the southern seas from Jervis Bay to Perth, with the biggest ones coming from Tasmania. Females look more orangey than males, but taste the same. We eat about 3000 tonnes a year. Those big green-lipped mussels from New Zealand offer no serious competition. In the course of their investigations, Ruello found a curious cultural difference.
"Any New Zealand greens that come into Australia are frozen or preserved in some way, and we find them rubbery and tasteless, so I was curious to try the live version," they said. "But even in New Zealand I thought they were boring. To me they have nothing like the flavour of our blues, but the New Zealanders throw away tonnes of blues a year, and they can't imagine why we prefer them."
In their report to the industry, Ruello said: "The industry's R&D program undertaken by Ruello & Associates has identified that there is no need to discard Australian farmed blue mussels which do not open after cooking. "Extensive cooking tests show that some mussels do not open up even after prolonged cooking and the flesh becomes overcooked. These tests also showed that some mussels which have opened up and removed from cooking have in fact been undercooked ... "The now common concern about mussels not opening after cooking is therefore misdirected. Extra care should be taken to examine mussels before cooking to ensure that only live or fresh mussels are cooked."
Ruello offers this advice to mussophiles: if you find a mussel open before cooking, tap the shell. If it doesn't close, smell it, and if you don't like the smell, throw it away. To ensure even cooking, put no more than two layers of shells in the pan with the garlic, parsley and white wine, and take them off the heat within five minutes. You can tell a mussel is cooked when it has tightened up and come away from the edge of the shell.
In a restaurant, be led by your nose. If a mussel smells off, it may have tainted the entire bowl, and you should feel free to send them back. Despite their teenage excesses and their latest exhaustive research, Ruello remains a fan: "Mussels are as sexy as oysters - they've got all the right minerals - but the farmers seem to have kept that to themselves." Their next project is likely to be less pleasant. Ruello has to research a fish called the escolar, which is alleged to have "a laxative effect" on 50 per cent of those who eat it. Test subjects may be harder to find.
Chaplain John McTernan has said God's judgment of gays caused the hurricane nearing the east coast of the United States
An anti-gay Christian preacher is already blaming Hurricane Sandy on gays.
As the east coast of the United States prepares for the storm, which has already killed 60 people in the Caribbean, author and chaplain John McTernan has decided who is at fault.
On their website Defend Proclaim The Faith, the preacher says the gathering storm must be God's judgment on gays, and punishing the president Barack Obama for coming out in support of marriage equality.
They believe ever since George Bush Sr signed the Madrid Peace Process to divide the land of Israel in 1991, ‘America has been under God's judgment since this event.'
McTernan said: ‘Obama is 100% behind the Muslim Brotherhood which has vowed to destroy Israel and take Jerusalem.
‘Both candidates are pro-homosexual and are behind the homosexual agenda. America is under political judgment and the church does not know it!'
Their reasoning for this is that it has been 21 years since the ‘perfect storm' of October 1991.
'21 years breaks down to 7 x 3, which is a significant number with God. Three is perfection as the Godhead is three in one while seven is perfection,' they said.
McTernan had planned to host a prayer meeting tonight (29 October), which would be streamed online on their website.
However as the storm is scheduled to go right over their house, the preacher has warned the sermons may be stopped if the power goes out.
The online minister also blamed Hurricane Isaac, which later became a tropical storm, on homosexuals. They said gay festival Southern Decadence was to blame, as God was ‘putting an end to this city and its wickedness.'
Thousands of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people enjoyed Southern Decadence, and nine preachers were arrested for an aggressive anti-gay demonstration.
Tris Reid-Smith, director and editor of Gay Star News, who is in Baltimore, Maryland for LGBT workplace conference Out and Equal, said: ‘So far it looks like any cancellations to events over the next few days are just going to give us more time for partying.
‘If God is trying to punish the gays, they sure doesn't know how to do it.'
Sandy, dubbed a ‘Frankenstorm', could affect up to 60 million people as several states have declared emergencies, schools have closed and transport services suspended.
It is expected to make landfall later on Monday (29 October).
NEW YORK, June 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Highlights
· In a way that was unheard of five years ago, quantum physicists are now partnering with corporate tech giants, to develop quantum computing capabilities and technologies as the foundation of a second information age.
· Eighteen of the world's biggest corporations (see image above) and dozens of government agencies are working on Quantum Computing or partnering with startups like D-Wave.
· Near-term expectations for quantum computing range from solving optimization problems, quantum-encrypted communications, artificial intelligence, smart manufacturing & logistics and smart retail, through quantum computing in the cloud and molecular structure research.
· Smaller quantum computers will make other contributions to industry (energy, logistics etc.), defense and national security intelligence, as well as other markets spanning from drug design to finance.
· Even simple quantum computers can tackle classes of problems that choke conventional machines, such as optimizing trading strategies or pulling promising drug candidates from scientific literature.
· The fierce competition at the national industrial and academic level is leading to a race for quantum supremacy.
· The competitors are all worthy of respect, especially because they are striving for supremacy not just over each other, but over a problem so big and so complex, that anybody's success is everybody's success.
2024 Market* – $10.7 Billion. 2 Volume Report.
We are in the midst of a "Quantum Computing Supremacy Race" one that will result in groundbreaking computing power, enabling disruptive new quantum computing technologies that have the potential to change long-held dynamics in commerce, intelligence, military affairs and strategic balance of power. If you have been paying attention to the news on quantum computing and the evolution of industrial and national efforts towards realizing a scalable, fault-tolerant quantum computer, that can tackle problems, unmanageable to current supercomputing capabilities, then you know that something big is stirring throughout the quantum world.
In a way that was unheard of five years ago, quantum physicists are now partnering with corporate tech giants, to develop quantum computing capabilities and technologies as the foundation of a second information age.
Eighteen of the world's biggest corporations (see image above) and dozens of government agencies are working on Quantum Computing or partnering with startups like D-Wave. Near-term expectations for quantum computing range from solving optimization problems, quantum-encrypted communications, artificial intelligence, smart manufacturing & logistics and smart retail, through quantum computing in the cloud and molecular structure research.
Smaller quantum computers will make other contributions to industry (energy, logistics etc.), defense and national security intelligence, as well as other markets spanning from drug design to finance.
Even simple quantum computers can tackle classes of problems that choke conventional machines, such as optimizing trading strategies or pulling promising drug candidates from scientific literature.
The fierce competition at the national industrial and academic level is leading to a race for quantum supremacy. The competitors are all worthy of respect, especially because they are striving for supremacy not just over each other, but over a problem so big and so complex, that anybody's success is everybody's success.
According to the report, "Quantum Computing Technologies & Global Market – 2017-2024", the global Quantum Computing market* will reach $10.7 billion by 2024, out of which $8.45 billion stemming from product sales and services and $2.25 billion from Gov. RDT&E programs and funding.
The 2-volume 520-page landmark report is the only comprehensive review of the global quantum computing market available today. This report is a valuable resource for executives with interests in the market. It has been explicitly customized for ICT industry, investors and government decision-makers to enable them to identify business opportunities, emerging applications, market trends and risks, as well as to benchmark business plans.
The report provides an updated extensive data of the leading 52 Quantum Computing vendors:
- 1Qbit
- Agilent Technologies
- Aifotec AG
- Airbus Group
- Alcatel-Lucent
- Alibaba Group Holding Limited
- Anyon Systems, Inc
- Artiste-qb.net
- Avago Technologies
- Booz Allen Hamilton
- British Telecommunications (BT)
- Cambridge Quantum Computing
- Ciena Corporation
- Cyoptics
- D-Wave Systems Inc
- Eagle Power Technologies, Inc
- Nano-Meta Technologies
- Emcore Corporation
- Enablence Technologies
- Fathom Computing
- Finisar Corporation
- Fuijitsu Limited
- Google Quantum AI Lab
- H-Bar Quantum Consultants
- Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company
- IBM
- ID Quantique Infinera Corporation
- Intel Corporation
- IonQ
- JDS Uniphase Corporation
- Kaiam Corporation
- Lockheed Martin Corp.
- MagiQ Technologies, Inc.
- Microsoft Quantum Architectures and
- Computation Group (QuArC)
- Mitsubishi Electric Corp.
- NEC
- Nokia Bell Labs
- NTT Basic Research Laboratories and
- NTT Secure Platform Laboratories
- Optalysys Ltd.
- Post-Quantum
- QbitLogic
- QC Ware Corp.
- Quantum Hardware Inc
- Qubitekk
- QxBranch
- Quintessence Labs
- Raytheon BBN
- Rigetti Computing
- SK Telecom
- Sparrow Quantum
- Toshiba
Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04838492/Quantum-Computing-Technologies-Global-Market-.html
About Reportlinker
ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.
http://www.reportlinker.com
__________________________
Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com
US: (339)-368-6001
Intl: +1 339-368-6001
SOURCE Reportlinker
Related Links
http://www.reportlinker.com
Two angels from above, Laverne Cox and Beyonce, are reportedly working on a secret project. The actor and musician both met for the first time at the Grammys. Speaking to Access Hollywood, the Orange is the New Black star said of Bey: “I thought the first time I'd meet Beyoncé I'd start crying and freak out. I thought I was going to cry but I swear a sense of calm comes over you when you meet the Queen.”
Of their mysterious collaboration, Cox said: “I'm like, do they pick out their biggest fan ever and work with her? It's pretty amazing.”
Though there aren't major details just yet, Cox confirmed the project on Instagram, and said more would be revealed September 6.
So is Bey going to be donning the OITNB jumpsuit? Will Laverne be Lemonading? Or will they join forces and rule the universe? I submit.
Last year, Olivia Melville discovered someone had taken a screenshot of their Tinder profile and posted it to Facebook with the caption, “stay classy, ladies.”
The image — which included their name, photo and The image — which included their name, photo and a Drake lyric — went viral. In a separate post, the comments turned nasty.
Them friend Paloma Brierley Newton jumped in to defend Melville when Zane Alchin, a 25-year-old Sydney man, Them friend Paloma Brierley Newton jumped in to defend Melville when Zane Alchin, a 25-year-old Sydney man, wrote more than 50 comments — many of them explicit, derogatory and threatening.
“I'd rape you if you were better looking,” read one comment, “I'd rape you if you were better looking,” read one comment, the Guardian reported . Alchin also wrote about raping feminists and that women “deserve to be taken back to the 50s [where] you'll learn to know your role and shut your damn mouth.”
Melville, 25, said that “seeing my photo everywhere was probably the most terrifying experience,” the Melville, 25, said that “seeing my photo everywhere was probably the most terrifying experience,” the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported. “Seeing my face consistently being shared on Facebook … It was in the news everywhere as like, ‘Oh, there's the Drake Tinder girl.'”
The incident didn't end with Alchin's suspension by a social media platform. Newton reported the comments to police, and Alchin may now see jail time. Advocates against online harassment are heralding this case as a landmark in the fight against such abuse.
On Monday, Alchin pleaded guilty in an Australian court to using a carriage service to menace, harass or cause offense. The charge On Monday, Alchin pleaded guilty in an Australian court to using a carriage service to menace, harass or cause offense. The charge carries a maximum penalt y of three years imprisonment.
Alchin told police they were trolling “a group of feminists that were harassing me and my friends,” that they didn't know it was a criminal act and that they were remorseful, Alchin told police they were trolling “a group of feminists that were harassing me and my friends,” that they didn't know it was a criminal act and that they were remorseful, the Guardian reported . After their arrest, they told authorities they were drunk while they wrote the comments.
“This result demonstrates that there is a precedent in Australian law that says this behavior is unacceptable,” “This result demonstrates that there is a precedent in Australian law that says this behavior is unacceptable,” reads a statement posted this week from Sexual Violence Won't Be Silenced, a group founded by Newton. “It means that harassing women online is not only legally reprehensible, but socially and morally as well. Our victory today sends a message to all women that they don't have to put up with harassment online; that there are steps and channels they can take, and that Australian law is on their side.”
The story also carries similar echoes to a 2014 incident in the United Kingdom. Peter Nunn was sentenced by a British judge to 18 weeks in prison after they tweeted and retweeted rape threats and other vulgarities aimed at a female politician.
Alchin's case has received massive attention in Australia, where it was Alchin's case has received massive attention in Australia, where it was considered a test of how authorities and federal law would treat online harassment directed toward women. The particular statute to which they pleaded guilty, written decades ago, has mostly been used for cases involving phone calls or text messages, according to the BBC
While the legal treatment of online harassment differs from country to country, such incidents point to a growing and broader awareness among the public and law enforcement of taking online threats seriously, said Danielle Citron, a University of Maryland law professor and author of “ While the legal treatment of online harassment differs from country to country, such incidents point to a growing and broader awareness among the public and law enforcement of taking online threats seriously, said Danielle Citron, a University of Maryland law professor and author of “ Hate Crimes in Cyberspace .”
“What these cases are helping us understand is the behavior itself is illegal,” Citron said. “So often, 10 years ago, the response was, ‘It's the Wild West. Get over yourself. Ignore it.' … We've come to understand these network tools are not in other places; it's not just one's and zero's. It's not any other life. It's your real life, it's terrifying, and it can get terrorizing.”
These high-profile incidents also cast light on the issue of online harassment of women in general. In the United States, gaming critic Anita Sarkeesian received rape and death threats through email, Twitter and comments on their videos, prompting them to call police and These high-profile incidents also cast light on the issue of online harassment of women in general. In the United States, gaming critic Anita Sarkeesian received rape and death threats through email, Twitter and comments on their videos, prompting them to call police and flee from their home
Anita Sarkeesian (Courtesy of Feminist Frequency)
Women are especially vulnerable to such harassment. The Guardian Women are especially vulnerable to such harassment. The Guardian undertook a study this year , analyzing the 70 million comments left on its website since 2006. They “discovered that of the 10 most abused writers, eight are women, and the two men are black.”
Globally, about three-fourths of women online “have been exposed to some form of cyber violence,” according to a Globally, about three-fourths of women online “have been exposed to some form of cyber violence,” according to a 2015 report by the United Nations Broadband Commission . Women between 18 and 24 are most likely to be stalked or sexually harassed, according to the report, and one in five women online live in countries where such online abuse “is extremely unlikely to be punished.” The U.N. group urged governments and companies to find solutions.
“Online violence has subverted the original positive promise of the Internet's freedoms and in too many circumstances has made it a chilling space that permits anonymous cruelty and facilitates harmful acts towards women and girls,” U.N. Women Executive Director Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka said in a statement. “We want to reclaim and expand the opportunities it offers. That means recognizing the scale and depth of the damage being done — and taking strong, concerted steps to call it — and stop it. Abuse online is still abuse, with potency and very real consequences.”
Male fans read abusive tweets to female sports reporters Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 4:16 Male sports fans sat face-to-face with sports reporters Sarah Spain and Julie DiCaro and read them some of the abusive tweets the women get. Some of the men got emotional reading the tweets. (YouTube/JustNotSports)
Legal treatment of the British Twitter or Australian Facebook cases would probably differ in the United States, where there's a much higher standard for what's considered threatening speech. In about half of U.S. states, “stalking and harassment is limited to one-to-one communication, directly communicated to the victim,” Citron said.
While there is a federal cyber-stalking statute, Citron said, “only federal law enforcement can enforce it. They have limited resources, and often the response to victims when they go to federal law enforcement is we just don't have the bandwidth for this.”
But Citron notes a movement toward federal officials training local and state law enforcement to investigate online harassment so they can tackle more of these cases. Also, they said, “we need state lawmakers need to update laws, written in the '90s, that made sense because we only had email.”
As to what's an adequate punishment for this kind of abuse, that's an ongoing conversation, Citron said. “Sometimes you have sentences that are too long, and then there's a backlash.”
lifestyle the-intersect false Intersect newsletter The corner of the Internet and interesting. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
And then there are sentences that are deemed too light, And then there are sentences that are deemed too light, such as in the Stanford sexual assault case , that are roundly criticized.
Alchin, the Syndey man, will be sentenced next month. Alchin, the Syndey man, will be sentenced next month. Melville told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that they “didn't know whether jail or community service would be appropriate,” the outlet reported. They said they want the sentence “to be a reason for people to understand and know what's happening.”
They continued: “I want them to be sorry and understand the weight this whole thing has had on myself, and Paloma and a lot of our friends, and a lot of other people who have had experiences as well.”
Read more:
Image copyright BAS/M.Krzysztofowicz Image caption All eight modules were towed across the ice shelf to the new location further from the sea
The British Antarctic Survey (BAS) has completed the move of its Halley research station.
The base is sited on the floating - and moving - Brunt Ice Shelf, and had to be relocated or face being dumped in the ocean.
Tractors were used to tow the eight modules that make up the futuristic-looking Halley 23km further "inland".
Last month, BAS announced it would "mothball" the station for the duration of the coming Antarctic winter.
The decision was made after a new crack opened in the ice shelf.
This fissure is a long way (17km) from Halley's new position but it has prompted some concern about the stability of the whole area.
Glaciologists want more time to assess the situation, and safety considerations demand staff be withdrawn before deteriorating weather conditions and 24-hour darkness make access and egress extremely difficult.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Drone video of the new crack on the Brunt Ice Shelf
Halley's move was facilitated by its novel design.
The base has a hydraulic leg and ski system that allows it to be raised above the annual snowfall, and periodically shifted.
If these adjustments were not to happen, the station would eventually be buried and carried to the shelf edge where it would then be dropped into the ocean inside an iceberg.
Halley bases I to V were abandoned to this fate or demolished. The new design makes any adjustments easier and less labour intensive.
"The relocation has gone really well," BAS director of operations Captain Tim Stockings told BBC News.
"When you consider the big red module, which contains the general living and recreation space, weighs over 200 tonnes, I'm sure you can understand what a big exercise this is.
"And, yes, we plan it really well, but until you see these things actually move, you're always going to be a little nervous."
And the head of BAS, Prof Dame Jane Francis, added: "The relocation is a terrific achievement for our operational teams. Everyone who has worked so hard is absolutely buoyant about the success of the move."
Image copyright BAS/P.BUCKTROUT Image caption The move was made possible by a hydraulic leg and ski system
Image copyright BAS Image caption The central red module weighs over 200 tonnes
The UK has operated a research station on the 150m-thick Brunt Ice Shelf since the late 1950s.
It has two key functions. One is as a support link to deep-field exploration of the Antarctic interior. And the second - and main task - is as a centre of research itself.
Scientists at the base have an international reputation for their studies of Earth's atmosphere.
It was at Halley, for example, that a BAS-led team was able to show in 1986 that a hole had opened in the ozone layer.
Present day work also includes investigations into "space weather" - the impacts that occur when particles and magnetic fields billowing away from the Sun collide with Earth's magnetic field and upper atmosphere. Solar storms are known to disrupt the operation of satellites and can even interfere with electricity grids on the ground.
Halley base and a tale of two fissures
Image caption Broadly speaking, "north" is towards the top-left of this graphic
The floating Brunt Ice Shelf flows seaward at a rate of 0.4km per year
Unless Halley were moved it would eventually be lost to the ocean
An opening chasm to the west threatened to cut the base off
The just-completed relocation has put the station in a safe place
But a new crack - dubbed "Halloween Crack" - has opened to the north
It poses no immediate danger, but glaciologists need time to study it
A winter shutdown will occur at Halley while the assessment is done
BAS is now in the process of reorganising all this research to take account of the forthcoming shutdown.
Although automatic weather stations can continue to collect their data on solar and battery energy, pretty much all other experiments will have to be suspended.
Prof Richard Horne is head of the space weather and atmosphere team at BAS.
"We're going to lose some of our data streams which go into our space weather forecasting model," they told BBC News. "Fortunately, we've built that model in such a way that it's robust and we can still operate.
"So, we'll continue to issue our forecasts, but it's going to make it more difficult to interpret what's going on.
"To give you an example - just this morning we were detecting on our magnetometer at Halley two sub-storms - there's a global disruption of the Earth's magnetic field going on.
"When the power goes off, it's going to stop that kind of monitoring."
Image copyright BAS Image caption It has taken 13 weeks to get the base to its new position on the shelf
BAS is gradually winding down the base with the aim of having everyone out come March.
Summer-only staff who have assisted with the move are returning home onboard the Royal Research Ship Ernest Shackleton.
Of the 16 people who would ordinarily expect to over-winter at Halley, three will now work out of the UK's Rothera station on the Antarctic Peninsula instead.
Another individual will go to King Edward Point station on South Georgia.
All the others will come back to BAS HQ in Cambridge.
Halley will be re-opened in November - the start of the next summer season.
Image copyright BAS Image caption Aurora: Halley base has become a centre for the study of space weather
Image copyright BAS Image caption The chasm to the west prompted the move but it is not the reason for the winter shutdown
Image copyright BAS
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
kristoffer tejlgaard + benny jepsen: people's meeting dome
‘people's meeting dome' by kristoffer tejlgaard and benny jepsen, bornholm, denmark image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
this year's people's meeting in bornholm, denmark, is intended to spark debate and discussion about the future of housing. with a need for a venue, danish architects kristoffer tejlgaard and benny jepsen wanted to not only provide the space in which the event would take place, but also offer an independent piece that would in itself be a contribution. the ‘people's meeting dome' is in essence a deconstructed geodesic dome, a mathematically resolved and structurally efficient shape that unfortunately bears little architectural specificity to site. a geometric wooden frame composed of triangles as the smallest unit allowed the freedom to take differently sized sections and extrude, scale, push and pull them to accommodate programmatical elements as needed, in response to its physical context. the space structurally behaves the same and allows a column-less plan with small niches and crevices for seating and a stage.
the connections are made with custom steel plates that allow full flexibility through modularity. any group of triangular modules can be removed, expanded or contracted, made into a window, a door, or treated with a different veneer. the metal nodes incorporate the external structure as well as the interior rafters and tension cable connections. its construction possesses the potential to adapt to any scope with the capability to adapt to changing needs. a table of stress levels was produced with engineer henrik almegaard pinpointing four strength classes and minimizing the use of extensive material. all the wood used in the project is locally grown douglas pine, with 2×4's and 2×6's comprising the frames, and recycled old boards wrapping the facade in different patterns.
construction process
video © kristoffer tejlgaard
entry image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
recycled wood planks wrap the surface in varying patterns image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
interior of the pavilion image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
sections of glass flood the space with light image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
custom steel plate connections act as nodes for all the members of the structure image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
wood was used for the entire construction, with metal connections and tension cables image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
fish-eye of the image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
construction site image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
(left) custom steel plates and angles (right) construction of the dome image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
wooden structure image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
bird's eye view image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
floor plan / level 0 image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
section image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
3D model image courtesy of kristoffer tejlgaard
project info:
area: 212 m2. height: 8m. features: kitchen, bar, dining area and stage. client: bl, denmark's public housing. architects: kristoffer tejlgaard & benny jepsen. engineer: henrik almegaard. site: allinge, bornholm, denmark. date: june 2012.
A report by Credit Suisse earlier this month appeared to provide some hard evidence that Chinese buyers were rampant. They said that in 2013-14 Chinese buyers snapped up property worth 23 per cent of new housing supply in NSW. The flyers distributed on Sydney's north shore this week promoting a rally oustide the Chinese Consulate on Saturday. But there's something amiss here. If it's a new house and apartments we are talking about, then that's exactly what Australia's foreign investment rules encourage foreigners to buy. And for good reason: it takes money to build new housing and so adding foreign money to domestic money leads to more new housing being built.
The effect of this rule has been tested again and again. Just last year a parliamentary inquiry into the effects of foreign investment in residential real estate last year concluded: “Rather than causing price pressures, the evidence suggests that foreign investments may actually help keep prices lower by increasing supply”. With only a few exceptions foreigners are prevented from buying existing housing in Australia. When it comes to most markets, such as iron ore, everyone recognises the laws of demand and supply at work. Investment in new mines a few years ago led to an increase in supply and the price of iron ore is now falling as a result. Yet when it comes to the housing market basic economics goes out the window. Try also cross-checking Credit Suisse's numbers with National Australia Bank's Residential Property Survey. According to NAB, overseas buyers currently account for 19.5 percent of new housing demand in NSW. That means eight in ten buyers are locals. And the two from overseas represent all countries, not just China.
The latest annual report of the Foreign Investment Review Board says that approved Chinese investment in Australia's real estate sector accounted for less than 17 per cent of the total. In other words, more than four out of five foreign investment dollars going into Aussie real estate do not come from China. And when it comes to the existing houses in which most Australians live, NAB says that overseas buyers are responsible for just 11.2 per cent of total demand in NSW. That's not surprising: with only a few exceptions foreigners are prevented from buying existing housing. For all the talk of the rules being rorted by Chinese buyers, it shouldn't be missed that just one illegal transaction has been identified so far. That was for a $39 million mansion in Sydney's Point Piper. Treasurer Joe Hockey says that another 100 cases are “under investigation”. If rule-breaking was so commonplace, you'd expect to see a whole lot more than that. Beyond these facts there are only rumours.
A popular one is that Chinese immigrants are buying real estate on behalf of “someone” back in China. It's never explained why only the Chinese might do this and not the Americans or Japanese. In any case, to get an idea how widespread the practice might be, ask yourself this: would you give an acquaintance living overseas, or even a good mate, more than half a million dollars to buy an asset to which you would hold no legal claim? There's one obvious reason why Credit Suisse's estimates of Chinese buying are so much larger than any other source. They include purchases by Chinese immigrants. Let's put that another way: they include purchases by Australian citizens and permanent residents. It's true that immigration can push up the demand for housing. But take a look at arrival numbers and you'll find that since 2008-9 fewer than one in eight immigrants have come from China. Chinese arrivals have been on par with those from New Zealand and the UK. So again, why single out the Chinese? Housing affordability is a real problem. The real reasons are right in front of our eyes - limited land releases, zoning regulations, development charges, record low interest rates and tax breaks to property investors. There's not a Chinese buyer amongst them. James Laurenceson is Deputy Director of the Australia-China Relations Institute at the University of Technology, Sydney.
Rumor has it that actor Salma Hayek never smoked before filming the movie Frida. But they had to learn how to play artist Frida Kahlo, and after the movie they had trouble quitting.
I know exactly how they feel. Because part of the fallout of all the Scamville posts I wrote last month is a lingering addiction to one of Zynga's games, Fishville (yes, the game that Facebook shut down for three days for violations of their advertising rules).
A lot of the information in those Scamville posts came from good old fashioned research. I played the games to see what would happen. At first I thought they were ridiculous. I was growing acai trees and milking cows on Farmville, slaying the undead on Vampire Wars, and hitting mafia bosses with crowbars on Mob Wars. And of course I clicked on the offers and even paid cash a few times for currency.
It was all business of course. Until I noticed that I was going back to FishVille, even after the series was completed. I had 8 tanks going and hundreds of fish being grown from eggs to adults. Those were sold off and I bought more eggs and the cycle continued. Before long I was at level 34 – so high that there I had access to every kind of fish that you could buy. I'd racked up 808,647 experience points. I was proud of my tank's pristine condition and cornucopia of decorations. Notice the bevy of happy, well-fed fish:
A big part of these games is the urge to go back to them multiple times per day. To feed the fish. Or harvest the corn. Wait too long and the fish dies, the corn wilts, and you lose currency and experience points. I was making sure to check back in regularly on my fish so they didn't die. I actually thought to myself at one point “wow, when I go on vacation I'll need to plan ahead so the fish don't starve.”
At some point I was talking about FishVille in the office and a couple of people asked why in the hell I was still playing the game with the posts completed. I realized then, in a flash, that I had a problem. I was addicted to FishVille. Total. Loser.
I quit that day. Cold turkey. I checked back in a couple of days later to see what kind of situation I had on my hands. It was ugly. Most of the fish were dead, the few left alive were starving and the aquarium was dirty and mucked up. I took a screenshot and got out quickly.
And this morning I checked one last time on my FishVille situation. All of the fish are now extremely dead. The tank is a mess.
Before you laugh too hard at me (or after you're done), realize this: seventy million people a month play FarmVille on Facebook alone (it was 60 million last month). There are Facebook groups on FarmVille addiction. Here are some tips from an ex addict on how to avoid becoming addicted. And YouTube is littered with people admitting their addicted to these games.
Social gaming addiction is a real problem. It may be a somewhat funny problem, but it's still a problem. And it's no wonder that kids without access to credit cards are taking all these sketchy offers to get game currency. They're hooked.
569 SHARES Linkedin Buffer Reddit VK Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon email Print
Google Q3 earnings call showered lots of love on artificial intelligence and machine learning. Google CEO Sundar Pichai prepared a brief report and pointed out the investment priorities of Google in order to thrive for the top. These investment priorities include artificial intelligence and machine language.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai further went on mentioning the fact that their company is looking forward to re-branding all of its products and include more machine learning and AI in its core systems. As the algorithms are the strong forces behind Google Translation, Google Voice Search, Google Photos products, and latest service by Google Now On Tap. In their own words, they feel that Google needs “re-thinking” over its product line-up.
Former Google CEO Larry Page led conglomerate Alphabet Inc, which was known as Google Inc until recently, reported a better profit and revenue in the third quarter, elevated by powerful advertising sales that are driven by mobile search and YouTube. Parent company Alphabet's shares saw a little hike of 8% after trading hours on Thursday. The board of the company has sanctioned a stock buyback, which is up to $5.09 billion of Alphabet's shares of Class C.
Earlier this year, when Google unveiled its items at developer's conference, it was evident that Google's smart assistant was way ahead of Cortana by Microsoft or Siri by Apple.
Head of the research department, Google, Jeff Dean disclosed its new initiative Brain Residency Program. This 12-month role will be identical to that of a Ph.D. or Master program in learning, a subsidiary of machine learning, which targets to mimic the way a brain works.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai on being questioned by an analyst about Google's future vision said that "Machine learning is a core, transformative way by which we're re-thinking how we're doing everything, we are thoughtfully applying it across all our products, be it search, ads, YouTube, or Play. And we're in early days, but you will see us -- in a systematic way -- apply machine learning in all these areas."
From January, Alphabet will start reporting financial reports of Google separately through other businesses that will include investing in startups, experiments with self-driving cars, search for curing health problems, and making thermostats that are internet connected.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai, "Our value proposition to markets of all sizes is simple. Google can help you show the right ads to the right people at the right moment."
Earlier Technowize reported that Search, Android, YouTube, Maps, and Advertisements still remain crucial parts of Google under Alphabet's structure.
The parent company's business will include connected homemaker products Nest, Google X, and Google Capital that invests in bigger technical companies.
Read more on Google at Technowize: New Promotions & Titles are All Set in Sundar Pichai's Google Kingdom
Isis has claimed responsibility for an attack on a mosque in Kabul that left at least 30 dead.
The group's propaganda agency, Amaq, released a statement shortly after the attack saying its fighters were behind the killings.
Gunmen stormed the Shia mosque, attacking worshippers gathered for Friday prayers.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
A cleric who was leading the service was among those killed, police said.
The Amaq statement referred to an "inghimasi" attack, where assailants use weapons to inflict the maximum number of casualties, only detonating their suicide vests when they have run out of ammunition.
As the attack unfolded, police encircled the mosque but initially avoided advancing inside to prevent further casualties, police official Mohammed Jamil said.
Later, officers attempted to enter the mosque but withdrew after one of the attackers set off an explosion.
By Friday evening police said they had secured the mosque, and all three attackers were dead.
Witnesses said the assailants threw grenades, and police officials said a suicide bomber had detonated themselves at the gate, Reuters reported.
A second suicide bomber detonated among a group of women in the mosque, an official said.
Security sources put the overall toll at 30 people killed and "dozens" wounded.
Mir Hussain Nasiri, a member of Afghanistan's Shia clerical council, said the gunmen had taken over the portion of the mosque with separate prayer areas for men and women.
They said the mosque could accommodate up to 1,000 people. Access to the second floor, where the women pray, was blocked by attackers. They said that meant they gunmen were holding women who were there as hostages.
Witnesses in the area said sporadic shooting inside the mosque continued throughout the day.
There have been several attacks against Shia Muslim mosques in Afghanistan in recent weeks.
Last month, 32 people were killed when gunmen stormed a mosque in western Herat province.
Isis also claimed responsibility for that attack and vowed to carry out more attacks against Afghanistan's minority Shia, which the Sunni extremists consider to be heretics.
Additional reporting AP
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Diana's had a tough time of it lately, but finally a stroke of luck comes along: after a long search, they find the perfect apartment. It's affordable. It's furnished exactly the way they like. There's even a jukebox with all their favorite songs. Maybe they should have been more suspicious about how perfect it was, because once she's moved in, they discover that the apartment has an extra inhabitant: a monster who goes by the name Vom the Hungering and who tries to eat everything in their path. Before Diana knows it, they have acquired a small menagerie of eldritch horrors from the beyond, and they learn that the universe is infinitely more complex — and dangerous — than they ever imagined.
Chasing the Moon is an unabashedly zany comedic fantasy that combines Douglas Adams-style humor and a protagonist who could be the sister of Bridget Jones with horror in the vein of H.P. Lovecraft. It reads like a Twilight Zone episode with unusually expensive special effects and a team of writers who were smoking suspicious substances. It's hard to imagine the words “cheerful” and “apocalyptic” applying to the same novel, but Publishers Weekly's cover blurb is 100% correct: Chasing the Moon is just that novel.
The early story focuses mostly on Diana as they get settled in the apartment with Vom the Hungering, who soon informs them that they have 2,014 stomachs and an eating disorder that causes them to eat everything they see, except for broccoli. As the novel progresses, more monsters appear, some of whom want to devour the Earth while others only want to eat the Moon, which may or may not bring on Ragnarok and the heat death of the entire universe.
The novel has a plot, sure, but the jokes play a much more important part in making Chasing the Moon a success. The sense of humor here reminded me of that brilliant bit in one of Douglas Adams' Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy novels about a truck driver who's always complaining because, no matter where they go, it's always raining. He's come up with fifty words for rain, and they have a notebook to prove that, really, it's always raining wherever they go. People make fun of them and call them “old Rain Drops Keep Falling on My Head” because they never stops complaining. Eventually it turns out the guy is unwittingly a Rain God and, well, the clouds really just want to make them happy and “to be near Him, to love Him, to cherish Him and to water Him.” It's this kind of hilariously goofy humor with a supernatural twist that makes Chasing the Moon tick. Maybe I just picked up this book at exactly the right moment, because I just couldn't stop grinning and chuckling and occasionally laughing out loud at the jokes.
Now, it may be more accurate to say “variations on a joke”, because if Chasing the Moon has one weakness, it is that it's a one joke book. That joke involves people acting normal and/or pissed off at horrors straight from an intense Call of Cthulhu session who act completely different from what you'd expect. Occasionally Vom & co. fight over who gets to ride shotgun when they're out and about. At one point, Diana bops a monster on the nose (or nose-like appendage) with a rolled up newspaper, as if admonishing a wayward puppy. The real running gag of this novel is that the monsters act like a combination of untrained pets and constantly bickering six year olds on a sugar high, and after a while, Diana gets over the gibbering waves of fear and treats them accordingly. Don't get me wrong: this book is one of the funniest I've read in ages, but that doesn't change the fact that some variation would have been welcome.
To make up for some of the recurring jokes, A. Lee Martinez has great comedic timing and a wonderfully sly tone to their prose, as if he's secretly telling you a joke about someone while they're looking away. Here's an example from early in the book, about an annoying and pompous character who is responding to a simple “Lovely night, isn't it?”:
Greg nodded in that familiar, rehearsed, faraway manner. It was meant to be wise and thoughtful, but came across as ponderous and slow-witted. As if their brain were a rusty collection of gears that had to simultaneously process the question and crank their neck.
I've seen A. Lee Martinez referred to as the “American Pratchett.” Now, I'm a major Terry Pratchett geek. Major with a capital M, actually. I've read every Discworld book, most of them multiple times, as well as more or less everything else Pratchett has written. I've met the author a few times. Much as it pains me to admit it here, I even regularly play an online Discworld game and have been doing so for over a decade. So when people call any author “the American Pratchett”, I tend to get a bit skeptical, to say the least.
After reading Chasing the Moon, however, I would actually agree that there's something to it, as long as you're talking about the Pratchett who wrote, say, the first few Discworld books, when the setting wasn't so fully realized yet and the characters hadn't acquired as much depth and it was still more about getting as many jokes as possible onto each page rather than about social commentary and serious themes. In other words, before Pratchett became a writer who occasionally got “accused of literature,” as their bio used to say.
If you're in the mood for an early-Pratchett-style, somewhat goofy comedic fantasy that's heavy on the laughs and light on depth, then Chasing the Moon by A. Lee Martinez is a great choice. As mentioned before, it's a bit of a one joke show, but that didn't spoil the fun for me because, hey, the joke is a good one. Maybe the best compliment I can give this novel, though: I am planning to read everything else A. Lee Martinez has written. If you pick Chasing the Moon up at the right moment, you'll have a blast with it.
Democratic Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has pulled huge, overflow crowds at their recent rallies. They're not there because of expensive ad campaigns. They're there because of Facebook and Twitter.
The Washington Post reports on Sanders' incredible attendee numbers: 27,000 in Los Angeles on Monday, 28,000 in Portland, Oregon on Sunday, which combined with other impressive crowds around the country in recent weeks total more than 100,000 people. Their reach is attributed to the power of social media. Beyond a considerable online base, Sanders is also helped by famous friends who tell their millions of followers to go see them and help get the word out about their progressive platform.
Advertisement
The senator from Vermont, favorite of the liberal left, is “riding a wave of Facebook shares, retweets and old-fashioned word-of-mouth to become by far the biggest draw on the campaign trail.” Bernie's momentum and hot-ticket commodity has garnered the attention of Hillary Clinton, “whose aides peg their largest crowd to date at 5,500.”
So how does Sanders do it?
About a week before each Sanders rally, their campaign sets up a Web page advertising the location and blasts out an e-mail to supporters in that geographic area, asking them to RSVP. The events are also promoted on Facebook. From there, things tend to take on a life of their own.
Advertisement
Which is to say, Sanders' candidacy is going viral in just the way that the Internet specializes in whipping up excitement and quickly transmitting information about a cause. Back in May when I tallied Presidential candidates' popularity based on their social media following, Sanders had 1.5 million Facebook likes to spread across two pages.
Now Sanders has 1.7 million likes on their personal page and more than a million likes on their campaign page — a gain of more than a million likes, and enough to beat Clinton in a Facebook popularity contest. Twitter follower numbers have risen significantly as well, and the young liberal base on Tumblr adores him.
It's clear that Sanders' progressive message has been adopted online, which is translating into “real life” attendance, donations and volunteers. While the Post points out there is no guarantee that this populist surge will translate into success in the early nominating states, which skew more conservative, Hillary Clinton's campaign must be feeling the Bern.
Advertisement
[Washington Post]
Image: @mattdpierce Twitter
A legal bid to free five orcas from captivity at SeaWorld on the grounds that their "enslavement" is in violation of the US constitution is a "strategic error", a conservationist has warned.
The case, brought by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (Peta) against SeaWorld in the US, to be heard this week, has triggered controversy over applying the 13th amendment – which abolished "slavery or involuntary servitude" in America – to non-humans such as killer whales.
In the UK, the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society senior biologist Philippa Brakes said that taking a large-brained mammal, which would naturally range in groups over a huge area, against its will and putting it alone in a situation where it was harming itself because of its misery "amounts to slavery".
But they said most of the public would not necessarily see it that way, and they enjoyed seeing orcas and dolphins in marine zoos without being aware of the "hideous lives they're leading".
In the US, Peta has faced criticism over its bid to pursue the freedom of an animal under the 13th amendment.
While the case would bring publicity to the issue of the rights or interests of "non-human persons", something for which some people have been arguing for a long time, if the case fails and there is then case law history against recognising those rights, that would not be helpful for the cause, Brakes warned.
"I would love to be wrong, and that they find for the orcas in this case, but I doubt very much that's going to happen, and I think it's a strategic error," they said.
They said those concerned for the welfare of mammals, in captivity and in the wild, should use the increasing body of science that showed that they were intelligent creatures capable of suffering in order to argue for their interests to be recognised – not as equal to humans, but still "persons" with rights.
The science showed that cetaceans are big-brained marine mammals which form complex societies and even have different cultures within species in different parts of the world, they said. And it was important to take people along with the movement towards recognising the legal rights of non-humans.
"It's more than court cases, it's really about changing people's attitudes and understanding," they said.
While Peta's court case may not deliver freedom for killer whales, Brakes said: "I do think a tipping point is coming. We have to use the science to argue to that tipping point. All we're trying to do is have the genuine interests of these animals recognised."
Fireworks, smoke from flares and ticker tape filled the Buenos Aires night sky as Boca Juniors lifted their 32nd Argentine championship in June 2017. The title had been sealed five days earlier after Banfield – the last remaining side with a mathematical chance of pipping Boca to the title – lost at San Lorenzo. Boca's coronation took place with an elaborate celebration on the pitch following the 2-1 home victory over Unión, but amidst the blue and yellow could be found the Colombian tricolour, held proudly aloft by Boca's Colombian contingent.
All but four of Boca Juniors' championship-winning squad in the 2016/17 season were Argentine. One of those was young Uruguayan midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur, who will be featuring for Juventus next season after an €8 million move this summer; the other three were Colombian.
Perhaps the most influential of the trio last season was flying left-back Frank Fabra, whose style is reminiscent of Patrice Evra. Fabra began their career with Envigado FC, a club based in the city of the same name which borders Medellín, and one often incorrectly labelled a suburb of its larger neighbour. The city is most famous for being home to notorious drug trafficker Pablo Escobar, who at one time was one of the world's richest yet most bloodthirsty men.
Envigado's football club, however, is considerably more modest with their stadium holding just 11,000. The club was only formed as recently as 1989, and counts two second tier titles on its honours board.
El Equipo Naranja consistently punch above their weight in Colombia's football system, thanks in no small part to a superb youth system which has produced James Rodríguez, Fredy Guarín, and Juan Quintero to name but a few. Fabra is another graduate from La Cantera de Héroes and the full-back made over 100 appearances for the first team in a four-year spell after debuting in 2010. After a spell on loan with Deportivo Cali, Fabra made the short move to Independiente Medellín in January 2016 before joining Boca just six months later.
Read | A World of Ultras: Boca Juniors
During Boca's 2016/17 championship-winning season, Fabra started 18 games and came off the bench twice, averaging 81 minutes per match. Defensively, no player in the Boca squad completed more interceptions than Fabra, but they were also an effective weapon going forward, proving to be a key man in many of Boca's attacks. They managed one goal and three assists, although only two players were caught offside more than Fabra, which perhaps gives an insight into their adventurous spirit on the ball.
The low point of Fabra's season came in an ill-tempered goalless draw in La Plata against Estudiantes. The home manager – and former Arsenal player – Nelson Vivas was sent to the stands for protesting what they thought was a blatant penalty for their side, after which they comically ripped off their shirt Incredible Hulk-style to reveal a physique belying their age. Less amusing was the racial abuse Fabra suffered, causing them to leave the pitch in tears. Vociferous complaints by Boca captain Fernando Gago to referee Silvio Trucco sadly fell on deaf ears.
As with most full-backs of an attacking persuasion, Fabra is prone to the odd mistake. They gifted Ecuadorian minnows Independiente del Valle a goal in Boca's shock Copa Libertadores semi-final defeat in 2016, and despite only 11 caps for Colombia to date, Fabra has already been culpable for gifting goals to international opposition. However, they more than makes up for any defensive frailties with what they offer going forward, and is already off the mark for their national team.
Wilmar Barrios joined Los Xeneize from Deportivo Tolima – with whom they won the Colombian Cup in 2014 – in August last year for €2.7 million. Golazo Argentino, an English-language website about Argentine football, named Barrios as the signing of the season and it's not hard to understand why as they clearly look like a player born to wear the Azul y Oro. Boca won every game that the tenacious midfielder started, and Guillermo Barros Schelotto's decision to leave them on the bench in the Superclásico defeat at La Bombonera in May was baffling as the game was crying out for a player with their style.
Operating from a deep-lying position in Boca's midfield, Barrios demonstrated a capability of blocking and tackling as well as proving economical with the ball, boasting a pass completion rate of 85 percent as well as providing three assists. Barrios has three caps for Los Cafeteros but he'll surely become an influential player for their national side in the upcoming months ahead of next year's World Cup in Russia. In February 2016, along with Fabra, they were named in the World Soccer 500, where the magazine named their top 500 most important players on the planet.
Read | The story of Buenos Aires' Superclásico
Sebastián Pérez signed last August from Medellín side Atlético Nacional, where they won five national championships, two domestic cups, two super cups, the Copa Sudamericana and the icing on the cake, the 2016 Copa Libertadores. The highly decorated midfielder debuted for their national team in May 2016 and now has six international caps. The 24-year-old only managed 12 appearances for Boca this season, however, with eight of those coming from the bench.
Despite limited appearances, Pérez proved themselves to be an adept passer of the ball, completing 89.5 percent of passes, the highest in the Boca squad. In April they ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in their left knee and will miss six months. Their stop-start career at La Bombonera will have to wait a little longer before taking off.
The departure of Bentancur to Juventus freed up a space in Boca's foreigner quota, one that was filled by a Colombian, making the trio a quartet. In July 2017 Edwin Cardona signed from Mexican side Monterrey on a one-year loan deal, making an immediate impact with two goals in their first three pre-season friendlies, including a superb long-range effort that has almost become their trademark. The gifted 24-year-old has almost 300 career appearances to their name after spells with Atlético Nacional, Junior and Santa Fe, and most recently in Liga MX with Monterrey.
So highly thought of is Cardona at La Bombonera that they have been gifted the almost-mythical number 10 shirt. “I hope they play better than me,” was a recent quote from perhaps one of the most famous former stars of said shirt, Juan Román Riquelme.
Fabra, Barrios, Pérez and Cardona are far from the first Colombians to ply their trade in Argentina, nor at Boca for that matter. In the 1950s this trend was reversed when several Argentines joined the Colombian league during its golden period. Professionalism in Colombia, as well as a dispute between the league organisers and the national FA, led to several Argentine players making the move across the continent, including River Plate's Adolfo Pedernera and the incomparable Alfredo Di Stéfano.
Read | The storied career of Juan Pablo Ángel
Towards the end of the century, as there was more prestige and money in the Argentine game, Colombians began flocking the other way, many using Argentina as a stepping stone before crossing the Atlantic to Europe. James Rodríguez, from the same famed Envigado cantera as Frank Fabra, spent two years with Banfield, followed by stints at Monaco and Porto, before becoming a Real Madrid galáctico in 2014.
Radamel Falcao moved to Buenos Aires at the age of 15 to sign for River Plate before becoming one of the world's most feared strikers following spells with Porto and Atlético Madrid. Juan Pablo Ángel formed part of River's feared cuatro fantásticos alongside Javier Saviola, Pablo Aimar and Ariel Ortega before becoming a cult hero at Aston Villa. There have been countless other examples and there are now Colombians playing professionally in over 60 countries worldwide.
Perhaps Boca's most glorious spell at the turn of the millennium coincided with the arrival of three Colombians. Mauricio ‘Chicho' Serna, Jorge Bermúdez and goalkeeper Óscar Córdoba represented the club between 1997 and 2002 when Los Xeneizes won three league titles, two Copa Libertadores trophies and the Intercontinental Cup, being the last team to beat Real Madrid in an international final. The three provided the defensive backbone of the all-conquering side, endearing themselves to a generation of Boca supporters.
Serna recently gave their seal of approval to one of the current crop of Colombians, visiting Barrios in the changing rooms after a victory over Newell's Old Boys in La Bombonera in May. After providing the assist for what would prove to be the only goal of the game, Barrios left the pitch to a standing ovation. Serna received Barrios' shirt as a gift, stating that it would have pride of place in their private museum. Talking to TyC Sports after the game, Serna stated that Barrios was at a “high level” and that they were “made to wear Boca's colours”.
Boca will enter the 2017/18 season with their sights firmly set on lifting the Copa Libertadores for the first time in more than a decade. If the current quartet reach anywhere near the level of Serna, Bermúdez and Córdoba they'll go a long way to writing themselves into Boca Juniors folklore
By Dan Williamson
Using Vim keybindings in Emacs through Spacemacs is such a beautiful experience.
Not only can you use Vim keybindings when writing code, you can use these
keybindings anywhere in Emacs including in shells. This is more convenient
than you might think. Say for example, you produced a typo (or multiple typos)
when issuing a shell command such as:
rn /home/user/folder1/folder1/folder3/folder4/folder5/some-file.txt
that was supposed to be written as:
rm /home/user/folder1/folder2/folder3/folder4/folder5/some-file.txt
Here, I needed to make two changes: ‘rn' needed to be changed to ‘rm' and the
second instance of ‘folder1' needed to be changed to ‘folder2'. If you wanted to
modify this in a traditional terminal emulator, you would probably use the up
arrow to retrieve the last command, use the left arrow (or Ctrl-Home) to get to
the beginning of line to modify ‘rn', then use the right arrow (perhaps in
combination with Ctrl) to modify the second instance of folder 1.
This is way easier with Emacs. Simply retrieve the previous command, get to the
beginning of the line with ‘0', change ‘rn', then navigate to second instance of
the number 1 using ‘/' (or get there with ‘f1f1'). With both typos, ‘r' can be
used to replace the errant character, instead of using a combination of arrows,
backspaces/deletes, etc. This is a Vim-approach to the terminal, all within
Emacs.
When I was using Vim, I used the terminal emulator ‘Terminator', and would
frequently have 4-5 windows open with a combination of shells and files. Now
what if I wanted to copy a terminal command from one window and place it in a
code file? Or copy a command from one code file and place it into another code
file? The only way I really figured out how to do this was by selecting text
with the mouse (which I absofruitly abhor), using Ctrl-Shift-c to copy, and
Ctrl-Shift-v to paste in the new window. With spacemacs this is incredibly
simpler. Simply navigate to the window with your shell, use ‘yy' to yank the
line you want, and navigate back to your code file. Switching windows in
Spacemacs is effortless (e.g., ‘SPC-1' gets you to the first window), it can be
done without leaving the home row, and all of this copying/yanking and pasting
can be done {without the mouse}.
Washington DC, Feb 11: In what appears to be a sign of success for Narendra Modi's ‘Make In India' campaign, a report released by the United States of America's prominent media house names India the best country to invest in 2016. Among 65 nations shortlisted, India was found to be the most conducive region to accelerate trade, manufacture and business.
The research was undertaken by the University of Pennsylvania in collaboration with US News & World Report. Among the top five countries named in the research report include – Ireland (5), Indonesia (4), Vietnam (3), Singapore (2) and India (1). Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised for introducing fiscal reforms and aggressively promoting their ‘Make in India' initiative in order to induce global investors. (ALSO READ: Maharashtra Government splurging crores on ‘Make in India' despite drought: NCP)
“Recent fiscal policy reforms have stabilized and strengthened the rupee and India's rapidly growing economy. On the heels of the launch of ‘Make in India', a federal campaign to promote investment, the country surpassed China to become the top recipient of foreign direct investment in 2015,” the report stated.
The report comes at a time when India is expecting top global giants to invest heavily in India which would boost the country's manufacturing sector and in turn create huge jobs for the country's unemployed skilled manforce. The report comes at a time when Indian government is hosting ‘Make In India' week in Mumbai, putting up investment opportunities before global corporate giants.
Add Comcast to the list of those arguing the FCC needs to make clear in its new Open Internet/Restoring Internet Freedom order that states are preempted from adopting their own broadband regulations.
That came in a meeting between Comcast and FCC officials.
The main thrust of the meeting, according to an FCC document, was to reiterate Comcast's support for rolling back the Title II classification of ISPs and to either adopt new rules under sec. 706 authority--advancing telecommunications in a reasonable and timely manner--or have the Federal Trade Commission enforce voluntary public commitments under its Sec. 5 authority over unfair or deceptive practices.
But Comcast also emphasized that the new order, which FCC Chairman Ajit Pai could circulate to the other commissioners by the end of the month for a December vote, "should include a clear, affirmative ruling that expressly confirms the primacy of federal law with respect to BIAS as an interstate information service, and that preempts state and local efforts to regulate BIAS either directly or indirectly."
The idea is to prevent states and localities from trying to reimpose their own net regs if they don't like the FCC's new take on the Open Internet Order.
Former Republican FCC Chairman Robert McDowell was making a similar case for preemption last week at a Hill hearing on the role of antitrust in network neutrality.
Related: Comcast Streams Netflix 4K Fare to X1 Boxes
McDowell told the legislators that a "disturbing pattern" has emerged of state and local governments trying to regulate "many aspects" of broadband, including trying to recreate the broadband privacy rules Congress invalidated earlier this year.
The FCC proposed in May to (1) end Title II regulation of the internet; (2) reinstate that mobile broadband is a private mobile service; (3) eliminate the general conduct standard for reviewing possible violations of open internet principles not covered under the rules; and (4) seek comment on whether to keep, modify or eliminate bright-line rules against blocking, throttling or paid prioritization. The FCC's vote on the proposal is likely by the end of the year.
At 32 weeks pregnant, I continue doing pull ups, modifying by lessening the amount of reps and using a kipping technique.
This topic is often debated (heatedly, at times) on Chris' and my fan pages, especially after a picture is posted of me doing some exercise of my own during my pregnancy.
Since I began writing this blog, an even more heated debate arose on a national level over a picture posted of a woman CrossFitting at eight months pregnant. In the articles I read about this topic, I saw responses very similar to those on my own FB fan pages. Some supported the level of activity they were able to carry on through pregnancy and praised their determination to stay healthy -- especially during a time that many see as an easy excuse to not workout. Others blasted this woman, suggesting that they are harming their baby and their body.
What do I think?
First and foremost, I must begin by letting anyone reading this know that no opinion is unsolicited. It's incredibly interesting and informative to me to hear thoughts and experiences that support both sides of this debate.
While I could just start typing away my thoughts, feelings, and beliefs on the subject, I thought it might be more entertaining to start a debate... against myself. After reading up on this debate, my research, and my final thoughts, you can draw your own opinions.
Heidi's Pregnancies #1 and #2 vs. Heidi's Pregnancies #3 and #4. For those that aren't familiar with Chris' and my blended family, we are expecting our fourth child in less than two months. Four pregnancies, four different baby-baking recipes, four totally different experiences.
Pregnancies #1 and #2
I was 23 and 25 during these two pregnancies and deliveries. The prime age for our bodies to procreate. Both of these pregnancies were incredibly similar.
While I began each pregnancy as an active woman (lifted weights/cardio five days a week) and was very healthy according to any doctor, I quickly let the little blue plus sign on the pregnancy test become my excuse for why "I shouldn't work out or do any more than walk." Plus, I was experiencing morning sickness in my first trimester. "Who on earth works out when they are sick?" I would ask myself. Another excuse. I vaguely remembered my doctor advising me to continue exercising and moving at my current levels until my body told me to slow down, but truthfully... I wanted nothing more during that sluggish phase than to act like I never heard them mutter those words to me. I was pregnant, darn it, I deserved a break!
During my second trimester, morning sickness had diminished (both pregnancies) and food all of a sudden was like a drug to me. I couldn't contain the excitement that a piece (or two) of my mom's homemade pie brought me. And you better believe portions were doubled. I was eating for two, everyone knew. "Don't all pregnant women do this?" I would think, as I pushed my doc's advice out of my head. I was convinced my doctor was crazy -- only 300 extra calories a day beginning the second trimester? REALLY? Once again, I ignored advice (and every pregnancy book sharing the same information) so I could do what I thought my body was telling me to -- filling up on crap I was craving (and too much of it) knowing very well these foods didn't fall into the healthy food groups. The result: a TOTALLY sluggish Heidi that wanted nothing more than to lay in bed whenever possible.
I didn't make it to my third trimester without some serious pain. From about halfway through both pregnancies, I had the most incredibly painful hip and lower back problems... to the point where I limped when I walked. I spent nearly every single week (if not twice a week) at the chiropractor or doctor's office trying to figure out what the heck was going wrong. I finally conceded and decided this was just how my body carried babies. I figured my hips were too small for a baby, and that every pregnancy was going to nearly handicap me. My doctor mentioned a few times that regular movement and exercise would help this, but I was convinced they didn't know what they were talking about. I was in too much pain to exercise -- didn't they know?
Swollen feet were no strangers to me. One foot was so swollen, my friends and family joked I had a serious case of "elephantitis" in that foot/ankle. The other, swollen beyond recognition, but nothing like the "elephantitis" foot. In all honesty, this wasn't funny to me. It was painful both physically and emotionally, but I laughed about it to keep from crying. When I asked my doc about it, once again, they suggested regular exercise, walking, and a healthier diet. Yet again, I was convinced they were just a man, and didn't understand. I was going to do this my way.
Delivery time. Both babies made their arrival 10 days early. Luckily, they were both healthy, but like any mom would, I had a mild panic attack feeling like they may not have gotten enough time to bake in Mom's womb.
The delivery itself felt incredibly painful. I didn't feel strong enough to do it without drugs, so opted for an epidural. The experience was awesome, but recovery was not. In the following hours, days, weeks, and months, I felt incredibly fragile, weak and tired. I found my drive to get back to the gym, even after the doctor's approval, was harder than ever.
I vowed I was done with pregnancies -- until I met Chris, that is.
Pregnancies #3 and #4
I'm no spring chicken anymore at 29 and 31, but I went into both of these pregnancies fitter than ever. Almost daily CrossFit, hiking with our Extreme Weight Loss peeps at bootcamp, and running after my other kiddos kept me in tip top shape. I felt GREAT!
Terrified at the thought of my other two pregnancies, I decided to try a different route these times... a route prescribed by doctors, and one I had seen work for many others. I committed to be fit during the babies' gestation periods, and committed to not give into my craving in an unhealthy way. I committed to carry on my exercise, as my doctors mentioned I could (along with nearly every other book and reliable resource), and committed to simply modifying my exercise routines enough to ensure the safety of myself and the baby without giving into my natural inclination to let my pregnancy be an excuse to stop working out. I committed to providing the healthiest environment possible for these babies to grow and develop in, no matter how sick I felt. I was doing pregnancy different, because darn it, my babies and I deserve better!
First trimester brought the textbook sickness and sluggishness, but I didn't let it stop me. Believe me when I say that ALL I wanted to do was curl up in my bed and sleep... but I didn't. I got up each and every day and hiked with our Extreme Weight Loss peeps. I used their hard work as motivation to keep going. If THEY could fight discomfort to make healthy changes in their lives, I could do the same. These first weeks were hard to get through, but I made it through, only sacrificing a little bit of my fitness to make sure my heart rate didn't spike too high (per doctors orders -- I'm listening this time).
Second trimester was what I called my "dream trimester" these two times. Would you believe it -- I didn't experience ANY hip pain, ANY swollen feet or ankles, and ANY fatigue! What? These two pregnancies were both during some of the most stressful times in my life (the passing of my father, and travel/work galore, along with 2-3 other kids to run after and care for); I didn't think that was even possible. But it was my reality, thanks to my continued levels of exercise and healthy eating (adding the doctor-recommended 300 extra calories a day).
I made it to the third trimester with a smile on my face and energy to spare. CrossFitting whenever I get the chance (as some of you may see in posted pics), Warrior Dashing (with care, of course), and running 5ks at any opportunity I get with our EWL peeps. While my levels of intensity and exercise naturally decreased as these pregnancies progressed, the workouts have yet to stop. Yes, even CrossFit.
I have yet to deliver baby #4, but let's talk about the delivery of #3 for now. I made it to D-Day with zero medical issues -- no swelling, no hip problems, no gestational diabetes -- and actually carried #3 10 days BEYOND my due date! That's a whopping 20 days longer than my body wanted to carry babies #1 and #2. Needless to say, I was a happy mama knowing my baby had ample time to grow and develop exactly where they should have been.
Speaking of the delivery... ummm, can I say a breeze? This time epidural-free, and maybe 30 minutes of intense contractions before Baby Cash made their appearance.
Now let's talk about recovery. Also a breeze! I would have never imagined that within the hour of delivery, I was feeling good enough to walk to the bathroom. By the next day, I felt like the pre-pregnant me (but I needed to watch my activity, of course). And within the next few days, I had forgotten my body had even delivered a baby (aside from the pooch that gave the appearance that Baby Cash was still inside). As soon as the doc gave me the okay to work out, I was ready to rock and feeling better than ever.
And the Winner Is...
At 32 weeks pregnant, I continue modifying my workouts. Pictured here, a 75 pounds press, down from my pre-pregnancy 105 pounds press.
Pregnancies #3 and #4, without a shadow of a doubt. It turns out that the doctors, reputable pregnancy sources, and loads of pregnancy books I invested in were right after all. Through my own personal experiences, I have learned that as long as the doctor approves, you can continue working out while pregnant! Not only can you, but you should continue working out while you are pregnant!
Myths of the past told us that exercise is bad for pregnant women, and that doing so can put our babies lives at risk. THIS IS A MYTH! Modern day research has proven to doctor (and those reliable online sources) that exercise is incredibly beneficial to the health of Mommy and Baby. Here are just a few of the many benefits:
As far as judgment on moms that appear too "hard core," there is a great chance we have never walked a day in anyone else's shoes. What may appear as "pushing too hard" to one person may in fact be very modified and scaled-down to another. As well, what may seem as "not enough" to one mom may indeed be "pushing the limits" to another.
The most important thing to is to listen to your doctor's advice. If you are not high-risk and are able to exercise, then go do it! Just a word of caution, you should NEVER increase your level of intensity while you are pregnant. If you didn't CrossFit before you were pregnant, you shouldn't CrossFit while you are pregnant. Be smart, listen to your body, modify as needed, and make a healthier baby!
Dale Roberts of Write Insights scrutinized how some Chicago graffiti writers dot their Is and cross their Ts—and what the penmanship might say about the mysterious people behind the tags.
noteef
"Anytime someone adds embellishment, like curlicues on the F here, it's for the sake of vanity. The writer is looking for affirmation."
"The larger the writing, the more the writer is an extrovert. This is written in all caps. They want to be noticed."
"A line under a signature speaks to a desire for recognition, to be seen as someone important."
oh shit!
"The O and the H run into each other. When letters are crowded, usually that person doesn't have a great sense of social boundaries. They're in your face."
"A clean, single stroke for an mean this individual is an independent thinker. They also have a great dislike of clutter."
"There are about 43 ways to cross a T, and when the T-bar slopes downward, it's characteristic of a bossy person."
Joshua Graff
T. rex
"The arced T-bar is a conscientious, deliberate stroke typical of someone who wants to improve; if you point out a fault, they will try to correct it."
"The E corresponds to the ear: when the E is open, like it is here, the writer is observational, very attuned to things around them."
"The script has a back slant, which comes from a person who is cautious. They don't do anything without first asking, What's in this for me?"
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dan Evans has received countless messages of support after taking to Twitter to seemingly vent their frustration at being overlooked by Wales yet again.
The 28-year-old full-back has been in terrific form for the Ospreys, scoring two tries against Clermont Auvergne in Swansea the weekend before last and then claiming a try double against reigning European champions Saracens last Saturday.
But when Wales announced their squad for the November Tests, Evans's name was nowhere to be seen.
It means their long wait for a third Test cap to add to the two they won in 2009 goes on.
Evans has evidently had enough and used social media to apparently express bafflement at their latest rejection.
They tweeted a picture of a man scratching their head in front of an impossibly perplexing mathematical problem.
Above the image, the former Scarlets and Dragons star tweeted: “Trying to figure s**t out”.
Admirers were quick to offer them backing.
The Ospreys Supporters' Club, with 9,644 Twitters followers, wrote: “Chin up Dan! Your contribution isn't underestimated by anyone at the Ospreys.”
Myles Davies said: “Gutted for you. No player deserves it more after the performances you've put in year after year.”
And Aidan remarked: “Ridiculous decision. Keep the chin up and keep doing what you're doing bud, you're flying atm. You cannot beat a man that never gives up.”
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
There was also a call for Evans to take up a pen in retaliation.
“Come on Dan,” tweeted Jeff Vaughan. “Write a book so we know why you are not in the squad. Total travesty of justice yet again.”
And Shrtstk simply enjoyed Evans's social media work, saying: “Best tweet I have seen in ages. Subtle but to the point.”
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
Evans can count themselves seriously unlucky to be plying their trade at full-back at the same time as Leigh Halfpenny and Liam Williams.
But the writing was one the wall for them when those two were away with the Lions in the summer and they still didn't get picked for Wales for their summer tour.
It prompted the thought: ‘If not then, when'.
With James Davies they would be up there in any competition for the title of Wales's most overlooked player of recent years.
Last term, the ultra-consistent No. 15 said of the selectors: “I haven't spoken to any of them.
“They just don't like me and it's something I have to deal with.
“I've upset the wrong person maybe.
“You'll have to ask them what their opinion of me is.
“I suppose you can get a bit frustrated.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
“Even when they (Halfpenny and Williams) were out injured, I still wasn't being picked.
“So it's not just Leigh and Liam in front of me.
“Maybe I should be there, but I'm not.”
It's not the first time Evans has taken to social media on the issue of their selection.
In May this year, after being left out of Wales' summer tour squad they tweeted the following....
VentureBeat Facebook announced changes to its News Feed on Wednesday that will cause webpages with faster load times to appear higher in the feed, with slow-loading pages being downgraded and likely seeing less referral traffic.
In a blog post, Facebook engineers Jiayi Wen and Shengbo Guo said the change is in response to frustrations from the Facebook community over slow-loading websites. According to Facebook's engineers, 40 percent of people won't wait more than three seconds for a page to load, and Facebook wants to make sure people can spend more time reading the stuff they want.
To do this, Facebook says it will be taking into account the speed of your network connection, and the general speed of a website. If both your connection and the site is slow, the link will be lower in your News Feed. Publishers will have to figure out on their own if their site is not up to Facebook's speed standards. The company points to a post on best practices for making faster loading websites.
TechCrunch pointed out that publishers using Facebook's Instant Articles format will definitely not see a decrease, as the format strips bulky code and restricts ads for a faster load experience. Facebook did not mention any potential boost for Instant Article users.
The update is just one of many things Facebook has changed to make user's News Feed experience more enjoyable. Facebook says it already evaluates people's devices and network connections, and shows fewer videos and more status updates if someone's connection is slow. Facebook can also prefetch mobile stories, downloading them before someone clicks to shorten load times.
The change will be rolling out to News Feeds over the next few months.
The DC foothold on TV isn't losing traction anytime soon, as now that CBS Supergirl has their pilot marching orders , so too does FOX's Lucifer series, derived from Neil Gaiman 's The Sandman series, now have a greenlight. Not only that, but Jerry Bruckheimer and Len Wiseman have been added to the talent pool bringing Lucifer to the screen.
Per The Hollywood Reporter , Bruckheimer and Sleepy Hollow EP Wiseman will executive produce the pilot adaptation (with Wiseman directing) under writer Tom Kapinos ( Californication ), which follows the bored and unhappy Lord of Hell as they resign the throne and abandons their kingdom for the “gorgeous, shimmering insanity of Los Angeles,” helping the LAPD fight crime, as one does in TV
The David Bowie-styled Lucifer was originally conceived for the DC-Vertigo comic book series The Sandman; the fallen angel went on to open an exclusive LA piano bar named “Lux” in their own solo series by Mike Carey , Peter Gross and Ryan Kelly . (The Hollywood Reporter wrongly attributes the comic book Lucifer's origin to a Jimmy Olsen comic that we wrote about here . Different guy, Hollywood Reporter.) As you might expect, the TV show won't have any connection to Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's take on Sandman , which itself hasn't moved much further in recent months.
It's another DC TV series to complement the likes of Arrow , The Flash , Gotham , Supergirl, and perhaps TNT's Titans , but we're on board for a look. It can't be worse than Gotham , right?
… Right?
Two NYPD cops with Long Island roots saved an unconscious little girl Saturday afternoon after they stopped breathing and turned blue on the Upper East Side, the department said.
The 15-month-old's belch brought tears of joy to their parents and the officers, one performing rescue breathing, as they rushed the toddler to the hospital.
"That young child let out a belch and that was the greatest sound that I ever heard," said Officer Michael Konatsotis, 45, who once lived in Hicksville.
Behind the wheel was Officer David Roussine, 25, a 2006 graduate of Glen Cove High School and varsity soccer player. He's been with the NYPD for about a year and a half, and Konatsotis for 17 years.
Both officers, who are assigned to the 30th precinct but were patrolling the 19th Saturday, now live in Queens.
"We were all just crying — a 45-year-old and a young guy, bawling, crying," Konatsotis said. "It was joyful."
The episode unfolded yesterday around 2 p.m. when an police radio call sent the partners to 207 E. 74th St., between 2nd and 3rd avenues. As Konatsotis and Roussine pulled up, they saw the frantic parents.
"Looking at that beautiful baby that needed dire help, Dave and I knew that our training as police officers, as fathers and as New Yorkers — and now also as humans — we had to do something, and we did," Konatsotis said.
Said Roussine: "Someone so innocent — it's really difficult to comprehend someone so young could need our help."
"I took the baby in the front seat. Dave got behind that wheel, and with the parents and all in tow we boogied to New York Hospital," Konatsotis said.
Konatsotis performed chest compressions and mouth-to-mouth rescue breathing. Just as they were arriving at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center on East 68th Street, the child belched, the officers said.
"That baby took a little belch there, and I said, 'My God, that beautiful little bundle of joy she's OK," Konatsotis said.
Konatsotis gave the parents a golden "30" -- the cops' precinct — from their collar brass to commemorate the rescue.
Copyright 2014 Newsday
McClatchy-Tribune News Service
The media is busy distracting Americans with fake scandals involving President Donald J. Trump's administration and Russia.
Now, Democrats and willing accomplices in the mainstream media are busy attacking Attorney General Jeff Sessions for doing their job as a United States Senator… meeting with ambassadors in an official capacity.
Sessions made it clear during their confirmation hearing that they never spoke to Russian officials about the Trump campaign. But U.S. Senators talk about official matters with ambassadors every day. It's routine and expected.
More from The Political Insider
But while former Obama White House officials continue to drop leaks, we're being distracted from an inconvenient fact: Former Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was deeply connected to the Russian government.
The corrupt Clinton Foundation made the Clinton family wealthy and gave foreign governments the ability to buy favors from Obama's federal government. That same foundation received millions from individuals linked to Putin, and Clinton was involved in approving a deal that gave a Vladimir Putin-linked company sway over 1/5th of America's uranium production capacity. Uranium is used in the creation of nuclear bombs, among other things.
As The Daily Mail reported in 2015, the Clinton-Russia ties run deep:
In one case a foundation run by the chairperson of Uranium One, a nuclear energy company tied to Russia, gave the Clintons' family philanthropy millions while Hillary's State Department gave its stamp of approval to the company's purchase of U.S. uranium. The Russian state atomic agency Rosatom purchased a majority stake in the Vancouver-based company in a years-long process that unfolded from 2009 to 2013 – the same years Mrs. Clinton was America's secretary of state. The executive, Ian Telfer, gave the Clinton Foundation $2.35 million during the same time through their family's Fernwood Foundation. Bill Clinton, the former U.S. president, also received one of their highest speaking fees, $500,000, in June 2010 in Moscow for addressing an investment bank linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin. They earned more than $100 million for their speeches from 2001 to 2013. That number comes from financial disclosure statements filed by Hillary when they were a U.S. senator and, later, secretary of state. An investigation by The New York Times uncovered the connections, based on interviews and public records in Canada, the U.S. and Russia.
This is NOT a picture of Senator Jeff Sessions:
The level of bias here is insane. This is a top American government official with long-term presidential goals cashing millions of dollars of checks at their family's foundation from the Russian government and its surrogates.
While the media ignores this and the FBI seems to have dropped any hope of a criminal investigation for Hillary Clinton, they are breathlessly looking for something – anything – to tie Trump to Russia.
Read this Next on ThePoliticalInsider.com Ex-Bernie Spokesman Calls Team Hillary ‘Total Ingrates'
As Charles Krauthammer said on Fox News, the Sessions controversy is a cover-up in search of a crime.
What do you think about Hillary Clinton's deep financial ties to Russia? Please leave us a comment (below) and tell us.
Basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar said today that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling's derogatory remarks about blacks are more evidence that racism is still part of American culture, but "things have to change."
"This is a problem. I did a little bit of research, more whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism… That's why we have shows like 'Ghostbusters' and don't have shows like 'Racistbusters,'" Abdul-Jabbar said today in an interview with George Stephanopoulos. "It's something that's still part of our culture and people hold on to some of these ideas and practices just out of habit and saying that, 'Well, that's the way it always was.' But things have to change."
Abdul-Jabbar, who briefly coached for the Clippers in 2000, said they did not experience any type of racism from Sterling first-hand, but said the recorded remarks by Sterling "certainly should not have been a surprise to anybody that was paying any attention to Mr. Sterling over any period of time," referring to charges of racial discrimination filed against Sterling in recent years.
The former Laker, who was inducted into the Hall of Famer and is considered among the greatest players of all time, said that while Sterling may fight against their lifetime ban from the NBA, they believe the league has solid ground for their removal.
"If past performance is any indication, he's going to fight it and do whatever they - take whatever legal recourse they have to avoid the sanctions," Abdul-Jabbar said. "But the way things are going now I think that they have a very good chance of keeping them away from the game."
Like "This Week" on Facebook. You can also follow the show on Twitter.
Check out what time "This Week" airs in your area.
Video with sound taken the night 'El Chapo' escaped. Reuters Live
A new video with sound has been released showing the escape of notorious drug lord Joaquín El Chapo Guzmán Loera from a maximum security penitentiary in Mexico last July. The recording, parts of which had been seen before but with no sound, includes noises of a hammer banging against a wall and footage of prison guards sitting motionless in front of their computers as the scene unfolds.
Obtained by the Mexican television network Televisa, the recording raises more questions about the daring escape of the Sinaloa drug cartel leader, who before disappeared through a hole that was dug underneath their shower stall.
The security video is the first to be made public that includes sounds rather than just images
A massive nationwide search for the drug kingpin, who is also wanted in the United States, was launched soon after they fled the Altiplano prison outside Mexico City on July 11 through a sophisticated mile-long tunnel with ventilation and lighting. A motorcycle had been used to move the dirt, according to investigators.
El Chapo – one of the most wanted drug lords in the world – had been captured by Mexican authorities in February 2014.
In the new video, which lends credence to the theory that prison authorities aided in their escape, a split screen is seen, showing El Chapo watching television at around 8.30pm in their cell while five guards sit in front of their computers in another room.
Loud banging can be heard for about 10 minutes but the guards remain motionless, and the high volume from the television doesn't seem to appear to muffle the sounds.
A nervous El Chapo can be seen covered up to their neck in a blanket, biting their fingernails while they stare at the TV screen.
At one point, the trafficker is seen getting up and walking toward the shower stall where the noise is coming from. Because of privacy concerns, security cameras were not pointed at this area.
At 8.51pm, a noise, which sounds like the breaking of ground, can be heard followed by a voice coming from inside the hole.
“Let's go!”
El Chapo changes their shoes and walks toward the shower for the third and last time before disappearing inside the hole.
A nervous El Chapo can be seen covered in a blanket, biting their fingernails while they stare at the TV
For at least 25 minutes, the guards fail to react. Then at 9.17pm, another guard walks in and calls on two other officers, who go to El Chapo's cell.
“Guzmán Loera, Guzmán Loera, Guzmán Loera...,” they can be heard calling out.
The two guards communicate with their commanding officer to inform them that Guzmán was no longer in their cell and that they have discovered “a big hole” in the shower drain.
Mexican authorities have not revealed how much time actually passed between Guzmán's escape and when the prison alarms were activated.
Currently, more than 30 people have been arrested in connection with the escape, including former federal penitentiary director Celina Oseguera Parra and Altiplano prison warden Valentín Cárdenas Lerma.
English version by Martin Delfín.
Prior to the mid-1960's, the term 'conspiracy theory' was a neutral expression. However, in the aftermath of the JFK assassination, it acquired a derogatory meaning, implying a paranoid tendency to see the influence of some covert agency in events. In 1967, the CIA released the document titled, Countering Criticism of the Warren Report, which laid out a series of techniques for "countering and discrediting the claims of conspiracy theorists" in order to protect the reputation of the American government. The CIA effectively 'weaponized' the term 'conspiracy theory' and to this day, it still retains its negative connotation. Despite its derogatory meaning, a 2015 study conducted by political scientists, Eric Oliver and Thomas Wood, found that 50% of Americans believe in at least one conspiracy theory. Perhaps, the reason for the large number of conspiracy theory believers is that a number of conspiracy theories have been proven true. Maybe they aren't so crazy after all - especially since, these ten shocking conspiracy theories turned out to be true.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 282 Shares Share Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
10 CIA Assassinations
After the Watergate Scandal unfolded in the early 1970's, the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence investigated CIA and FBI intelligence gathering for illicitness. The Committee uncovered that the CIA had violated its charter to perform gathering of intelligence, among many other things. Assassinations of Allende in Chile, Mossadegh in Iran, and assassinations against Central and South American leaders and revolutionaries were discovered. The CIA's ‘Heart Attack Gun' was declassified in the process, which was a weapon they had made for the use of killing someone without being detected. Common assassination methods used by the CIA were also declassified, which included cancer, car accidents, suicide, boating and skiing accidents, heart attacks and being shot.
9 CIA Pays for False Testimony
via youtube
Nayirah al-Sabah was a Kuwait woman who testified to the House of Representatives in 1990, that they had personally witnessed Iraqi soldiers invade Kuwait hospitals, take newborn infants out of their incubators, and throw them on the floor to freeze to death. Nayirah's testimony helped sway American public opinion in favor of military force against Iraq. However, it was discovered two years later that Nayirah's story wasn't true, and that the CIA had not only paid them to lie, but they were also responsible for mass-marketing their testimony. In 1992, John MacArthur of the New York Times uncovered Nayirah was the daughter of the Kuwaiti Ambassador of the U.S, and that the CIA used them to assist in waging war with Iraq for the purpose of oil. The CIA paid Nayirah for their fabricated testimony and even paid for them to attend acting classes to appear convincing. It worked – in January 1991; the U.S. launched a military operation against Iraq known as Operation Desert Storm.
8 Operation Paperclips
via:nypost.com
Operation Paperclip was the code name for the 1945 recruitment and smuggling of German scientists from Nazi Germany into the U.S. after VE Day. President Truman authorized Operation Paperclip in August 1945; however they ordered that anyone found to have been a member of the Nazi party would be excluded. A group of gifted scientists from the Nazi rocket industry, medicine and chemical weapons division were cleared to work in the U.S. after having their background “bleached” by the military. False employment histories were provided and their previous Nazi affiliations were expunged from their records. American Special Forces believed that their knowledge and experience could potentially serve the interests of the United States.
7 The Gulf of Tonkin Never Happened
via:thereptiliansnworldconspiracies.blogspot.com
On August 4, 1964, President Lyndon Johnson declared to the nation that North Vietnam had attacked U.S. ships. This event known as the Gulf of Tonkin Incident was a major escalator of U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War. The incident involved the destroyer USS Maddox engaging three North Vietnamese Navy Torpedo boats as part of a signal intelligence patrol. As a result of the attack, Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, which afforded Johnson with pre-approved authority to carry out military operations against North Vietnam. By 1969, over 500,000 troops were fighting in Southeast Asia and by 1973, when the war finally ended; more than 3 million people had been killed in the conflict. In 2005, the NSA released previously classified information, revealing that North Vietnam had not attacked the US Maddox and that there were no North Vietnamese naval vessels even present during the Gulf of Tonkin incident. The truth is that President Johnson deceived congress and the American people in order to justify military involvement in Vietnam.
6 Watergate Scandal
The Watergate Scandal is now widely considered a part of American history; however, at one point in time - the idea that Republican officials would spy on the Democratic National Headquarters was just another crazy conspiracy theory. Starting in 1972, in an effort to get Nixon reelected, Republican officials spied on the Democratic National Headquarters from the Watergate Hotel. They were able to do this after having the place broken into several times and wiretapped. Conspiracy theories suggested that political corruption was taking place; however, it wasn't until 1974 that White House tape recordings linked President Nixon to the break-in. The Watergate Scandal forced Nixon to become the first U.S. president to resign from office. Watergate is now an all-encompassing term used to refer to a complex web of political scandals and most of all; it's synonymous with abuse of power.
5 CIA Smuggled Cocaine Into The U.S.
via:www.pinterest.com
In August 1996, the San Jose Mercury News published Pulitzer Prize Award winning journalist, Gary Webb's Dark Alliance, a 20,000 word, three-part investigative series on the distribution of crack cocaine in Los Angeles during the 1980s. Webb's series alleged that CIA-backed Contras smuggled cocaine into the U.S. and then distributed crack to Los Angeles gangs, pocketing the profits. Webb wrote, “This drug network opened the first pipeline between Colombia's cocaine cartels and the black neighborhoods of Los Angeles, a city now known as the 'crack' capital of the world. The cocaine that flooded in helped spark a crack explosion in urban America . . . and provided the cash and connections needed for L.A.'s gangs to buy automatic weapons.” In 1998, CIA inspector general Frederick Hitz, released a report admitting that the CIA had known all along that the Contras had been trafficking cocaine. However, the confession received little media attention – thanks in part to the Monica Lewinsky scandal. In 2004, Gary Webb was found dead from two gunshot wounds to the head. Police ruled it a suicide.
4 Tuskegee Syphilis Study
via:en.wikipedia.org
The Tuskegee Syphilis Study is now taught in U.S. History classes, but at one point in time, it was just another conspiracy theory. The experiment was a 40-year clinical study conducted by the U.S. Public Health Service on rural African American men who had contracted syphilis. The PHS never informed the men that they had a sexually transmitted disease, nor were they offered treatment, even after penicillin became available as a cure in the 1940s. Instead, the men were told they had “bad blood.” When WWII began, 250 of the men registered for the draft, and for the first time - they were informed they had syphilis. However, the U.S. PHS denied them treatment. By the early 1970s, 128 of the original 399 men had died of syphilis, and 40 of their wives, as well as 19 of their children had the disease. In 1997, President Bill Clinton issued a public apology to the victims of the Tuskegee Syphilis Study.
3 Operation Northwoods
via:en.wikipedia.org
In the early 1960s, the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the US Military drafted plans to create public support for a war against Cuba. The plans included committing acts of terrorism in Washington, D.C., Miami and other major cities, killing innocent people and U.S. soldiers, blowing up an American ship, hijacking planes, sinking boats of Cuban refugees, and a staged NASA disaster that would take the life of astronaut John Glenn. Fortunately, the plan was rejected by President John F. Kennedy in March 1962. For nearly 40 years, Operation Northwoods was kept secret and considered a ludicrous conspiracy theory. However, in 1997, the John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Review Board declassified over 1500 pages military records, including documents pertaining to Operation Northwoods.
2 Operation Fast and Furious
via:abovethelaw.com
In 2011, the Obama administration smuggled weapons to Mexican drug lords in an apparent effort to trace the guns and bust the drug gangs. It was known as Operation Fast and Furious. However, CBS News obtained documents in December 2011, which proved that ATF agents had discussed how they could tie guns involved in Mexican violence to gun dealers based in the U.S. as a way to pass stricter gun control regulations. A law enforcement source told CBS News, “It's like ATF created or added to the problem so they could be the solution to it and pat themselves on the back. It's a circular way of thinking,”
1 1.U.S. Government Assassinated Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
via:tavaana.org
Although the U.S. government has wrapped Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy in the American flag, using their words to symbolize racial harmony and patriotic unity – very little is spoken of the fact that a Memphis jury found the U.S. government guilty of conspiring to assassinate Dr. King, on April 4, 1968. The family of Dr. King filed a civil suit in 1999 in Memphis, Tennessee. After four weeks of testimony and over 70 witnesses, twelve jurors reached a unanimous verdict on December 8, 1999, that Dr. King was assassinated as a result of a conspiracy. The King family was awarded $100. The jury found that local, state and federal U.S. government agencies, and the mafia were all involved in the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and that James Earl Ray, who pleaded guilty to assassinating King, was an unknowing scapegoat.
Sources: quora.com, nytimes.com, usatoday.com, abcnews.go.com, newsone.com
Derek H. Burney was Canada's ambassador to Washington from 1989 to 1993. Fen Osler Hampson is a distinguished fellow and director of global security at the Centre for International Governance Innovation and Chancellor's Professor at Carleton University.
Derek H. Burney was Canada's ambassador to Washington from 1989 to 1993. Fen Osler Hampson is a distinguished fellow and director of global security at the Centre for International Governance Innovation and Chancellor's Professor at Carleton University.
If words and erudition were the hallmarks of policy accomplishment, U.S. President Barack Obama would stand tall, but their legacy is crumbling even before they leaf the White House. As CNN's Fareed Zakaria observed, Mr. Obama is "an intensely charismatic politician, but they were not able to build a political base underneath him." Their considerable skills at oratory seldom transcended into an ability to deliver results or a coherent plan of action.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Obama leaves office with an American polity that is less coherent and more divided than it was during the Vietnam War. An anti-globalization, anti-elite populism is shifting the contours of politics in America in strange, new directions. Self-interest and nationalism are now in the ascendancy.
On the domestic front, Mr. Obama's singular achievement on health care is about to be repealed and replaced.
Their top global priority, climate change – "there is no greater threat to our planet" – did not gain support from Congress even when the Democrats were in control of both chambers. Their staunch, and no doubt deeply felt commitment, was not seen as a prime concern for the American public whose attention focused more persistently on jobs and cheap energy.
When asked their view on Mr. Obama's foreign policy, Zbigniew Brzezinski, a former national security adviser, said pungently that the President had been "engaged but ineffective." The jury is still out on Mr. Obama's major security initiative, their nuclear agreement with Iran. Although Iran has not violated the actual terms of the agreement, by continuing to work on its missile program, as noted by the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, it is contravening both the spirit of the deal and UN Security Council resolutions.
In Syria, "leading from behind" has left America effectively as a bystander where Bashar al-Assad and their Russian and Iranian cohorts have wreaked an unprecedented humanitarian catastrophe of genocidal proportions. Mr. Obama's vanishing red line may well become a metaphor for their presidency. Their inaction on the unspeakable humanitarian horrors of Aleppo will be an indelible stain on their legacy.
Mr. Obama's international actions more generally have failed to reassure a majority of Americans and many of country's erstwhile allies that the United States is still the leader of the Western world. Instead, they have created vacuums that U.S. adversaries – Russia, Iran and North Korea – continue to exploit. They have also soured attitudes on the home-front about how America is perceived in the world.
Quite apart from the free hand given to them in Syria, Russian President Vladimir Putin's hold on part of Ukraine and their threats against others in the "near abroad," such as the Baltic states, show no sign of easing. The Western commitment to sanctions is running out of steam. Adding insult to injury, North Korea poses a more serious threat to global stability now than it did in 2009.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
No one really knows what Donald Trump will do with Russia nor how it blends with their ambition to "Make America Great Again," but sentiments about patriotism or optimism may work better in election campaigns than as the means to restore respect for American global leadership.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), intended to anchor Mr. Obama's pivot to Asia and to contain China, was tossed overboard in the election campaign. None of the final contenders nor many in Congress expressed support. China, meanwhile, presses forward with a regional economic grouping of its own and will only be provoked by Mr. Trump's desire to make it a scapegoat.
During their eight years in office, Mr. Obama achieved little of consequence with Canada or with any key Western ally other than aspirational pledges in the Paris Accord, a pact unlikely to get much traction with the new team in Washington.
Electoral support for Mr. Trump was fuelled by Mr. Obama's policy failures and fears of America's fading image in the world. With speeches and books to come, Mr. Obama will undoubtedly paint a different picture.
Mr. Trump's promise to Make America Great Again may well suffer the same fate as Mr. Obama's "Yes We Can" chant eight years ago. Rhetoric and strong emotion help win elections, but without concrete deeds and clear, consistent implementation, they will not suffice to restore American greatness or respect for America in an increasingly fractious world. It remains to be seen whether the new Trump administration will help unify the United States and bring more rigour and more coherent leadership into global affairs.
My lingerie-holic self went totally crazy when I had the (awesome!) chance
Panache spring/summer 2016 bras, to see (and try!) some of thebras,
including the Panache main line, the Cleo by Panache,
the Panache Black, the Sculptress and the Swim collections!
Being able to sneak-peek some of the models of my favorite UK lingerie brand
made me a squeaky teenager once again!
I photographed some of my favorite models from the upcoming collection,
to hopefully make you mouth-water as well!
Pick your favorite and start making mental wish-list for spring in 3, 2, 1...
______________________________________________________________________
Guinchinhos ... palminhas ... risinhos...!
É com estas simples palavras que posso descrever a minha excitação quase adolescente,
Dama de Copas do Porto com a Inês Basek, ao passar uma fantástica tarde nado Porto com a Inês Basek,
a descobrir os modelos de primavera/verão que irão chegar à loja no ano de 2016!
Panache, A loja trabalha exclusivamente com a marca de lingerie inglesa
uma das minhas favoritas, por isso a expectativa era muita!
Como sempre, fui acolhida com bastante simpatia por parte de todas os funcionárias da loja,
e fui brindada com uma espreitadela às coloridas e sensuais apostas que aí vêm...
com a oportunidade de fotografar e experimentar os meus modelos favoritos!
O meu entusiasmo era imenso...e não foi defraudado!
Apaixonei-me por muitas das peças que vi...
e resolvi trazer o testemunho para o My Fashion Insider,
para vos desencaminhar e deixar a sonhar com a Primavera!
Eu, pessoalmente, fiquei totalmente rendida ao novo modelo Kayla,
bastante colorido e divertido!
E vocês, sentem-se ansiosas que cheguem os meses quentes
para usar alguma (ou várias!) destas belezas?
Kayla, Cleo by Panache
This colorful baby was my favorite of all the preview!
It's a new model, Kayla, which is funny and quirky, totally Cleo!
I add the chance to try it and it worked pretty well on my breasts,
especially because of the elastic lace on the top of the cups...
it gives a nice, round shape, much like my Lucy!
I will definitely be keeping an eye on this baby for spring!
Marcie, Cleo by Panache
The new Marcie colorway is pretty beyond words:
the soft blue/lilac paired with the neon coral is unexpected and romantic!
Sadly, Marcie doesn't quite fit me at the top of the cups
(it's catered for FoT - full on top - breasts soooo...),
which is a shame, because I would gladly have it in my bra-drobe!
Maybe when I try it in my real size I'll have a nice surprise...hopes high!
Jasmine in blue mosaic, Panache line
From the Panache main line, I particularly loved these two new colorways of the Jasmine!
The blue mosaic is so elegant and the flower one is delicate and romantic!
Since I tried them in 32E (the sample size), I'm not sure if they'll fit in my real size...
I'm keeping my fingers crossed in hopes that
the elastic top lace will accommodate my FoB breasts just like Kayla did!
(Pray with me!)
Jasmine in flower print, Panache line
Sculptresse is far from my size range (it starts on 36 bands),
but that doesn't mean that I can't appreciate it's beautiful models, right?
The one that caught my eye the most was Chi-Chi in a new colorful tropical print!
I can totally see my grandmother wearing it!!!
Chi-Chi, Sculptresse
Portofino bandeau bikini, Panache Swim
Swimwear wise, there were a lot of gorgeous bikinis, tankinis and swimsuits!
The bikinis that caught my eye the most was the super elegant Portofino one
and the Rocha one, with a gorgeous mosaic pattern!
Rocha bandeau bikini, Panache Swim
Spring, coooooome fast, will you?
Sony's console virtual reality headset, PlayStation VR, has a chance of making its way to PC, an executive at the company has hinted.
Masayasu Ito, Sony Computer Entertainment's senior vice president, told Nikkei that making PSVR compatible with PCs is something there is a potential for:
“Since PlayStation 4 shares a lot of its components with PCs, the possibility is there. At the moment we are focused on games and we are not ready to make any announcements at this stage, but I'd say there will be an expansion into various fields.”
[translation via Google and Segment Next]
PlayStation VR currently inhabits the bit of middle space in quality between the low-end models – your Google Cardboards and what have you – and the high-spec models, like Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
Basically, it's not rubbish and it's not amazing, but it works well and doesn't cost very much. There is very much a gap in the PC market for a headset like this – and let's be honest, Sony will need to make as much money from this venture as it can. Come on folks, give us PSVR on PC – we'll take good care of it.
In the modern world, innovation is all around us. Everything is always changing—from our computers, to our cars, to our TVs. But there are some everyday objects that don't seem capable of drastic improvement: how, for example, do you improve a floor mat or a trash can? Well—as you'll see, it has been done:
10 Wi-Fi Routers
Chinese scientists have developed a wireless Wi-Fi network that uses light instead of radio waves. The computer, or other device, receives messages from the flickering of the lights (which could even be the normal lights in the room—only with LED bulbs) which is much faster than the human eye can register.
Normal wireless routers set up internet connections via radio waves, but these lights flickering on and off is more akin to Morse code, and allows signals to be sent in binary. Right now, the system is about as fast as a home DSL line. Several office building in Minnesota has already started using it.
9 Touch Screens
Microsoft is developing touch screens that don't need the actual screen, called the OmniTouch. It projects an image from a small shoulder-mounted sensor and works on any surface. You just “click” the projection to use the screen.
Drawing, keyboards, phone pads, and all sorts of applications have already been tested with success. When you open a window, to check email for example, the system lets you draw the size that you want it to appear, and on the surface where you want it. You can have several things open at once, like the phone pad on your hand and the email window on the wall.
8 Floor Mats
For just over six thousand dollars, you can own a floor mat that cleans your shoes as you walk over it. As you step on it, you open tiny vacuum valves that suck the dirt from the bottoms of your shoes. Everything it sucks off your shoes goes to a container so it can be easily thrown away later. The mats also come in a bunch of shapes and sizes; and while they might be a bit too costly to use in your own home, the mats will be useful in any industrial setting that needs clean rooms or even laboratories.
7 Soft Drink Cans
West Coast Chill is an energy drink hitting the shelves in 2013 (according to their site) that doesn't need to be kept in the fridge. Why? There's a button on the bottom of the can that cools it by thirty degrees whenever you press it.
So how does it work? The can has a container of CO2 at the center. When you press the button, the CO2 rushes out of the bottom of the can. The heat to fuel the gas's expansion has to come from somewhere—the energy drink, in this case—and it causes the drink to cool quickly.
6 Trash Can That Catches Garbage
How many times have you tossed something at the trash can and just missed, so you have to walk the whole way across the room and pick it up? That never has to happen again, with the introduction of this bad boy. It uses Xbox Kinect technology to map the entire room, detects garbage flying towards it, and re-positions itself to catch it.
Here's a video of it in action. This crazy invention comes to us from (where else?) Japan. Once it's set up, it operates entirely on its own. You just have to lob something in its general direction, and the trash can will wheel itself into position.
5 Glasses That Make Life into a FPS
Glasses have been invented that give you a real life video game Heads-Up Display. A camera keeps track of the things you're looking at, and displays them on LCD screens inside the glasses. Remember how the Terminator saw stuff? It's basically like that: each lens has its own camera, and you get a combined image, just like your real eyes give you.
The glasses can be used for all sorts of things, from video games to education, to city guides that display information about the place you're looking at. Virtual reality may be a way off yet, but that's no excuse not to be able to record and Tweet that video of your sister falling down the second it happens.
4 Fibers in Clothing That Generate Electricity When You Move
The human body generates energy all day, every day. From motion, to making your organs work, to keeping up your internal temperature, energy is constantly being created. Now what if we could harness that for mundane daily uses?
ZnO fibers generate electricity when they become stressed. They're so small they can be put into clothes, and they'll generate electricity just when you walk around or when you breathe—possibly even from your heartbeat. In the not too distant future, you might even be able to plug your iPod into your shirt, and charge it from the excess energy your heart gives off.
3 Speed Bumps
How much can you really change a speed bump? It's just a raised bit of the road meant to slow you down, after all; but even if you're driving to the speed limit, a speed bump can do damage to your car—especially if it sits low to the ground.
A new speed bump design, created by Jae-yun Kim and Jong-Su Lee , folds up whenever you run into it at a low enough speed. If you hit it at a higher speed than you should be going, the bump stays up and jars your car, reminding you to slow down.
2 Flyswatters
Okay, this one isn't quite at handheld size yet—but it's still cool. Financed by Bill Gates and inspired by Reagan's “Star Wars” program, scientists have built lasers that fry mosquitoes. The device was made as part of an effort to fight malaria in tropical areas. It can “hear” the wings beating, and proceeds to fry the buggers on the spot. The lasers are small enough to be placed on poles around the edge of villages, making a kind of “fence” that mosquitoes can't pass.
If you just want to watch the video of the bugs getting zapped, look no further.
1 Laser Keyboards
Keyboards are disgusting, considering all that gunk that gets caught between the keys—but with this new keyboard, that never has to happen to you again. There technically aren't any keys. You just hook this little projector up to your computer the same way as your normal keyboard (it even works with Bluetooth phones), and it will project a laser keyboard onto any flat surface it is placed on. It's capable of recognizing when you tap the keys, and even plays tapping noises to make it feel more like a normal keyboard.
MELBOURNE, Australia, February 9, 2016 (ENS) – A promising new cancer drug, developed in Australia by the Cancer Therapeutics CRC (CTx), has been licensed to U.S. pharmaceutical company Merck in a deal worth US$730 million.
The drug, which was developed with support from the UK-based Wellcome Trust and Cancer Research Technology (CRT), has potential clinical applications in both cancer and non-cancer blood disorders, affecting millions of people worldwide.
From the Australian government science agency, CSIRO, Dr. Tom Peat, one of the key research partners in CTx, says the drug is designed to inhibit the protein arginine methyltransferase 5, PRMT5.
This protein is associated with many cancers, including: mantle cell lymphoma, lung cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer.
“Patients who have these types of cancers often have high levels of this protein, which is unfortunately also linked to poor survival rates,” said Dr. Peat.
They explained that using the recombinant protein production facilities at CSIRO, scientists were able to produce samples of these proteins, crystallize them for structure-based drug design and support the consortium's pre-commercial investigations and trials.
“Access to high quality protein is absolutely critical in structural biology approaches to drug discovery, and CSIRO is pleased to be able to contribute this key capability,” Peat explained.
“The CTx consortium was able to develop a drug that binds to this protein, allowing it to target the cancerous cells,” they said.
One of the largest preclinical deals in Australian history, it showcases the quality and value of Australian cancer research and researchers on the international stage.
Financial returns from the deal will be shared between CRT, CTx and the Wellcome Trust, with the majority being returned to CTx and its Australian research partners, including: CSIRO, Monash University, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre and the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute.
Dr Richard Seabrook, head of business development at the Wellcome Trust, said, “We're excited to see that the support from our Seeding Drug Discovery Award is playing a key role in moving the project forward. We hope that in time the collaboration will lead to the development of effective new treatments for hemoglobin disorders such as sickle cell and beta thalassemia, both of which are associated with significant illness and early mortality.”
Under the terms of the license, Merck US will now further develop the drug, taking it to clinical trials, with a view to worldwide commercialization.
“This is a great result for Australian science and further demonstrates what can be achieved when science and commercialization capabilities unite,” said CTx chief executive Dr. Warwick Tong.
In addition to applications for cancer, PRMT5 inhibitors switch on important genes in the development of blood, which could provide disease-modifying treatment options for patients with blood disorders.
Dr. Peat said, “We're thrilled to be part of this development, which has the potential to make a real difference for patients here in Australia and around the globe.”
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2016. All rights reserved.
My third Zelda cross-style character set, this time featuring Wind Waker's Medli! Decided to put a twist on this one and do Majora's Mask shading since I always preferred the contrast over Ocarina of Time's character art shading. Speaking of Ocarina, I based Medli's design mostly on Ruto and Zora's in general to make a sort of midway point on their way to evolving to Rito; no wings yet, but feathers and nose structures growing into beaks, etc.I'm still going to draw them in the other two styles, I've just split them up in order to devote more time and detail to each one. If you like this one, I feel Skyward Sword and Twilight Princess Medli will put this to shame! I'll post soon. Lineart and Flat Color Versions
Judge launches stinging attack on Wren as fellow sailor they accused of rape is cleared
Riposte: Judge Jeff Blackett attacked the Wren's behaviour after clearing their alleged attacker of raping them
A judge has launched a stinging attack on a drunken Wren who cried rape after claiming they woke up to find they were having sex with the wrong man.
Judge Jeff Blackett blamed the woman for drinking heavily, being an ‘enthusiastic participant' in sex and said they did not come to court with ‘clean hands'.
But in their withering judgment, they did not criticise those who brought the case because ‘we live in an atmosphere and era that makes it very difficult for the police and prosecuting authorities not to prosecute allegations of this nature'.
In an extraordinary case, the 19-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, claimed they had mistaken sailor Kenni Dinnell for their lover after a drunken night out because both men had Scottish accents.
Yesterday, 21-year-old Dinnell, from Dumfries, Scotland, was cleared of rape by a Royal Navy court martial. They had denied the charge.
In only the second rape case to be tried by a Navy court martial, the court heard the trio had gone on a drinking spree in Portsmouth last July and drunk fortified wine, the alcopop WKD and strawberry cider.
The Wren admitted they had consensual sex with Leading Artificer Greg Robertson, 22, in their room at HMS Nelson, the naval base in Portsmouth, while their friend, Engineering Technician Dinnell, was in the bathroom. After they had sex with Robertson they fell asleep on the floor.
The Wren claimed they then woke up to find Dinnell having sex with them and participated because it was a case of mistaken identity.
Judge Blackett said: ‘A woman who drinks to excess and returns voluntarily with two men, having sex with one man while the other is in the room, does not come to court with entirely clean hands.
Scene: The alleged attack took place at HMS Nelson after the three people involved had been out drinking in Portsmouth
‘This is the sort of case which in my opinion should never have come to court. There cannot be any higher consent to sex than enthusiastic participation in it. They responded for a few minutes to the defendant's sexual advances. They felt them kissing their neck, kissed them on the lips and then allowed full sexual intercourse to take place.
‘If the defendant genuinely believed they consented, even though that belief may have been mistaken, they are not guilty of rape.
‘She said they blame themselves and they must share that responsibility. None of this has brought any credit to the service and all three rates have let themselves and their service down.'
Cleared: Engineering Technician Kenni Dinnell was found not guilty of rape at the court martial
They went on: ‘I do not criticise the prosecution because we live in an atmosphere and era that makes it very difficult for the police and prosecuting authorities not to prosecute allegations of this nature.'
Their comments were made two weeks ago when Dinnell's legal team applied to have the case dropped due to lack of evidence, but they can only be reported now for legal reasons.
The court, held at HMS Nelson, was told the Wren returned willingly to the base with both men around 2am and had consensual sex with Robertson in their single room. Dinnell, who met the Wren that evening, said they had arranged to stay with their friend for the night rather than return to their station on the destroyer HMS York.
After they had sex with Robertson they fell asleep on the floor. Dinnell said they shared the bed with them fully clothed as there was nowhere else to sleep.
They claim they awoke and they had consensual sex, but when Robertson awoke halfway through they appeared uncomfortable.
Stephen Smyth, defending, told the court: ‘She says they didn't give them the come on, but in a sense they did. They thought it was Robertson. They hardly pushed them away, they kissed them passionately.
‘Each kiss and touch is a question; may I touch you? If the hands are not pushed away, the answer is yes.'
In evidence, the Wren said they blamed themselves for drinking too much.
The only previous rape case heard by a Navy court martial was in 2007 when Chief Petty Officer Phillip Coates was sentenced to five years in prison for raping a naval rating. The conviction was later quashed.
The following maps show precinct-level unofficial returns for statewide offices in the June 11, 2013 Virginia Democratic Primary.
Each dot represents one polling place, totals for polling places with more than one precinct are combined. Click to retrieve individual results, and use the zoom and pan tools to zero in on a neighborhood.
Democrats nominated State Sen. Ralph Northam and State Sen. Mark Herring to join gubernatorial nominee Terry McAuliffe. Republicans held a statewide nominating convention last month, which I mapped here.
Absentee ballots in Virginia are not broken down by precinct, and are not included in the maps.
For interactive county-level maps, check VPAP. I geocoded polling places obtained from the State Board of Elections directory in lieu of obtaining shapefiles from each locality.
These maps both look very similar. Both Northam and Herring assembled closely associated coalitions.
Last Updated: June 12th, 1:08 AM.
2508/2534 precincts (99% reporting)
Lieutenant Governor Candidate Votes Percent Ralph Northam 76,463 54.28% Aneesh Chopra 65,997 45.81% Attorney General Candidate Votes Percent Mark Herring 71,037 51.63% Justin Fairfax 66,547 48.37%
Related Posts via Categories
WI Dems' complaint against Scott Walker
STATE OF WISCONSIN
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY BOARD
The Complaint of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin,
by Michael Tate,
Complainant,
against
Governor Scott Walker,
Respondent
VERIFIED COMPLAINT
On behalf of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, I, Michael Tate, primarily based on public records, but also on information and belief, hereby allege as follows:
1. This Complaint is brought against Scott Walker, in their official capacity as the Governor of the State of Wisconsin ("Respondent"), under chapter 19 of the Wisconsin statutes, more particularly, but not limited to, sections 19.33-19.39 and 19.45.
2. I am a citizen, resident, and elector of the State of Wisconsin. I am the Chair of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, 110 King Street, Madison, Wisconsin 53703, on behalf of which I bring this complaint.
3. Respondent currently resides at the Executive Residence located at 99 Cambridge Road, Maple Bluff, Wisconsin.
4. On January 3, 2011, Respondent was sworn in as Governor of the State of Wisconsin.
5. On or around February 11, 2011 Respondent delivered a "budget repair bill" that sought to eliminate more than seven decades of labor peace in Wisconsin by stripping public employees of their rights to bargain collectively.
6. On or around February 13, 2011, less than forty-eight hours after Respondent delivered their address, a large-scale grassroots effort began to mobilize around the Capitol in what has become one of the greatest demonstrations of peaceful expression of first amendment rights in Wisconsin history.
7. On or around February 17, 2011, the fourteen Democratic members of the Senate left the state, denying the body the quorum required for a vote on Respondent's "budget repair bill."
8. On or around February 18, 2011, protestors organized and launched websites to facilitate the flow of information about rally times and locations, as well as information on how constituents could contact their legislators. On or around February 22, 2011, access to these websites in opposition of Respondent was deliberately blocked in the Capitol.
9. On or around February 21, 2011, Republican Assembly Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald shut down the state's Legislative Hotline, denying thousands of citizens an easy, convenient and effective way to access their elected officials.
10. David Koch ("Koch") is a wealthy out-of-state financer of conservative causes. Koch made contributions to Respondent's gubernatorial campaign totaling $43,000, and a $1 million contribution to the Republican Governors Association, which spent $3.4 million on television ads in support of Respondent's campaign.
11. On or around February 22, 2011, despite Wisconsin residents being unable to reach Respondent and/or their legislators to voice their concerns over the "budget repair bill," Respondent's chief of staff scheduled a telephone call ("Call") from a blogger whom was believed to be Koch.
12. During the Call, a transcript of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "A," Respondent requests that "Koch" run ads in the districts of Republican incumbents in swing districts. This request to initiate independent expenditures on Respondent's behalf constitutes illegal third-party coordination in violation of Wis. Stat. Section 11.38.
13. Violation of Wis. Stat. Section 11.38 constitutes a Class I felony, which carries a penalty of a fine not to exceed $10,000, imprisonment not to exceed 3 years and 6 months, or both.
14. Further, Respondent received the Call and engaged in the above-described activity while in the office of the Governor in the State Capitol, a state-owned building, in violation of Wis. Stat. Section 11.36(4), which prohibits entering or remaining in any state building, office, or room for the purpose of requesting a political contribution.
15. Violations of Wis. Stat. Section 11.36(4) carry a penalty of a fine not to exceed $1,000, imprisonment not to exceed 6 months, or both.
16. Respondent states during the Call that they have the Attorney General's office "looking into" strategies to force the Democratic senators to return. This constitutes a misuse of the independently elected office of the Attorney General for primarily political motivations.
17. Respondent states during the Call that they consulted with staff members, including Cabinet officials, to consider "planting" troublemakers to incite violence in the peaceful crowds, deciding not to only insomuch as "that would scare the public into thinking that maybe the governor has to settle to avoid all of these problems." This coordinated activity constitutes a conspiracy to recklessly endanger public safety in violation of Wis. Stat. Sections 939.31 and 947.01.
18. Violations of Wis. Stat. Sections 939.31 and 947.01 carry a penalty of a fine not to exceed $1,000, imprisonment not to exceed 90 days, or both.
19. Respondent states during the Call that they will send out 5,000-6,000 layoff notices to public sector employees in an attempt to "ratchet up" pressure on the Democratic Senators. This use of threat against, and intimidation of, public sector employees for political purposes constitutes an unfair labor practice in violation of Wis. Stat. Section 111.84.
20. During their tenure as Milwaukee County Executive, Respondent had a history of using unfair labor practices and unlawful threats, intimidation and coercion of public sector employees in order to balance budgets under circumstances they falsely determined to be emergent. In October of 2010, the Wisconsin Employment Relations Commission decided, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "B," that Milwaukee County under Respondent failed to bargain in good faith with AFSCME District Council 48. In December 2010, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals ruled, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit "C," that Respondent overstepped their authority in citing a "budget crisis" to force through un-bargained-for wage and hour concessions from Milwaukee County workers.
21. At the conclusion of the Call, Respondent is offered a trip to California, where they would be "shown a good time." Respondent accepts by stating that it would, "be great," in violation of Wis. Stat. Section 19.45(2), which states that "No state public official may use their or their public position or office to obtain financial gain or anything of substantial value for the private benefit of themselves or their or their immediate family, or for an organization with which they or they are associated."
22. Complainant respectfully submits that public officials such as Respondent hold their positions as a "public trust" pursuant to Wis. Stat. Section 19.45(1). As such, the Legislature has declared that "high moral and ethical standards among state public officials and state employees are essential to the conduct of free government; that the legislature believes that a code of ethics for the guidance of state public officials and state employees will help them avoid conflicts between their personal interests and their public responsibilities, will improve standards of public service and will promote and strengthen the faith and confidence of the people of this state in their state public officials and state employees." Wis. Stat. Section 19.41.
23. Violations of Wis. Stat. Sections 19.41 and 19.45 carry a penalty per violation of a fine not to exceed $5,000, imprisonment not to exceed one year, or both.
24. Therefore, regardless of whether the Board addresses this matter under the Code of Ethics, decides to issue an advisory opinion, or finds it appropriate to refer the matter to a district attorney for investigation, the Complainant respectfully submits that the facts warrant the Board's attention, regardless of any statutorily imposed time limitations.
I, Michael Tate, being first duly sworn upon oath, state that I personally read the above complaint and that the above allegations are true and correct based upon my personal knowledge and my review of public records and, as to those allegations stated on my information and belief, I believe them to be true.
Dated this ____ day of March, 2011.
Respectfully submitted,
________________________
Michael Tate, Chair
Democratic Party of Wisconsin
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this _____ day of March, 2011.
_______________________________
Notary Public
My commission expires:____________
2011
03
07
10
02
By Greg Sargent | March 7, 2011; 10:02 AM ET
Save & Share: Previous: From the White House press briefing, 2/24/10
Next: Related Links
Forums:
( This topic is archived. Please do not edit this page! Village pump → Cataclysm contest
It is my pleasure to announce we are giving away:
To enter, just send your Wowpedia user name, physical mailing address, and Curse account name to [email protected] before 11:59 PM EST on 1 December 2010 - winners will be randomly selected and will be eligible for only one prize; only enter once. The Cataclysm copies are open to residents of the United States only - others may enter for the BlizzCon 2010 loot bag and the Curse subscription (we don't need your mailing address if you just want the Curse subscription). If there are any questions, please ask below. --PcjWowpedia wiki manager (TDrop me a line!•C207,729 contributions and counting) 03:25, 23 November 2010 (UTC)
To answer a few questions that I know are going to come up: Blizzard said 'thou shalt not ship Cataclysm boxes outside of the US', so that's why those are limited to the US.
I, Kaydeethree, am I shipping the BlizzCon 2010 loot bag+deathy code. I will ship internationally, but dealing with customs and duties will be the responsibility of the receiver. You're on your own if you get called to the customs office.
Curse doesn't really care, so Curse premium can go wherever. You just have to have a Curse account in order to use it. So, fire off those emails! -- k_d3 Update: Got a good deal on international shipping, so I'll do it. Good luck, entire world (and not just the US)! -- k_d3
I had to create an account to hide this. Please read the personal appeal from Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales about banners being evil. Nobanners (talk) 01:37, 28 November 2010 (UTC)
This notice goes away in a few days. The jimbo ads are going to be up for months and are a few hundred times larger than our little text notice. Last time I checked we're not looking for donations either. -- k_d3
Winners
The selected winners are (Wowpedia account names):
Thanks to everyone for participating, and especially for making Wowpedia a success. --PcjWowpedia wiki manager (TDrop me a line!•C207,729 contributions and counting) 05:31, 2 December 2010 (UTC)
One G.M. dealer said they had already talked with the company about the program and was excited about it.
The dealer, Inder Dosanjh, who owns Dublin Chevrolet outside San Francisco, said listing new cars on eBay would allow their dealership to get in front of customers who were doing most of their car shopping on the Internet. They said that would include some people who might not have otherwise considered a G.M. car.
For customers, they added, shopping on eBay could take some of the pressure off the negotiation process. "One of the fears the customer has when they walk in the door is that they are going to pay too much for a car," Mr. Dosanjh said. "If they are negotiating a deal on eBay, from their living room, they are in their comfort level."
Cyberlaw and data privacy lawyers list down other cases that may also be filed to hold Comelec – and the hackers – accountable
Published 5:03 PM, April 23, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – For betraying the public's trust, officials of the Commission on Elections (Comelec) can be impeached following the online leak of voters' personal information, some lawyers argued on Saturday, April 23.
Lawyer Toby Purisima said that under Section 2, Article XI of the Constitution, betrayal of public trust is one of the grounds for impeachment of the chairperson and commissioners of constitutional commissions like the Comelec.
This is following the leak of voter registration records, which were accessed by hackers from the Comelec website on March 27. The issue intensified on April 21 when a website surfaced wherein the database of voters' personal information were made searchable.
That searchable web “portal” has since been taken down, but experts have said that information contained there is still likely to remain on the Internet. (READ: After Comelec leak, what to do to protect yourself?)
Purisima said that this hacking and the ensuing data leak falls under the catch-all definition of "betrayal of public trust."
Non-impeachable officials in the Comelec can also be made liable under other applicable laws, they added.
Lawyer Regie Tongol, meanwhile, explained the nuances in the option to file criminal cases and disbartenderst petitions against concerned Comelec officials.
“There is a school of thought that we have to impeach them first before we could disbar them. It could also apply in filing criminal cases against Comelec officials,” Tongol said.
Meanwhile, the hackers are liable under the Cybercrime Prevention Act, Data Privacy Act, and e-Commerce Act for unauthorized access of the Comelec website, and unauthorized disclosure or sharing of the leaked personal information.
However, Tongol argued that the Cybercrime Prevention Act and the Data Privacy Act may not be filed at the same time against the hackers, due to the double jeopardy rule.
Purisima and Tongol discussed these legalities during a technical forum on the Comelec data leak on Saturday. The forum was organized by Text Power, Computer Professionals Union, and 8layer Technologies Incorporated.
‘Make them accountable'
According to the two lawyers, the Comelec, as the controller of personal information, may also be made accountable for the data leak under the following laws:
Republic Act (RA) 10173 or the Data Privacy Act, for failing to protect data from unlawful access RA 6713 or the Code of Conduct and Ethical Standards for Public Officials, for negligence in protecting voters' data Section 3(e) of RA 3019 or the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act for “causing any undue injury" to voters
There is also an accessory penalty under the Data Privacy Act of disqualification from running for public office that would be imposed on concerned Comelec officials, if found guilty.
Under the same law, the Comelec can also be charged for downplaying the incident and the concealment of the security breach or by not informing the voters immediately of the release of their personal information. (READ: Is Comelec liable for website data leak?)
"Up to now, the Comelec has not admitted directly to voters that the leaked files were our voter data," noted Tonyo Cruz of TXTPower.
"We have to make them liable. Bad things will keep happening if we don't make them liable," said Tongol.
Purisima added that this incident should produce a “chilling effect” to the Comelec and other government agencies. "Ang sagot natin dapat sa gobyerno, huwag 'nyo itong gagawin ulit sa susunod,” said Purisima.
(Our response to the government should be, 'You should not let this happen next time.)
“We should use our power as citizens to make them accountable,” they noted.
Purisima served as the counsel for bloggers and netizens in one of the petitions filed against the Cybercrime Prevention Act in 2012. Tongol is a data privacy lawyer. – Rappler.com
NASA, in preparation for a spacewalk on Saturday, has devised makeshift snorkels that would allow an astronaut in a spacesuit to continue breathing even if a sudden water leak should fill the helmet, as happened to an Italian astronaut who almost drowned in July.
Two astronauts, Col. Michael S. Hopkins of the Air Force and Richard A. Mastracchio, are to step out of an air lock on the International Space Station at 7:10 a.m. Eastern time in the first of at least two spacewalks aimed at replacing a malfunctioning pump module that is part of the space station's cooling system.
Koichi Wakata, a Japanese astronaut, will be operating a robotic arm from inside the station to assist with the repairs.
Colonel Hopkins will be wearing the same spacesuit — No. 3011 — that leaked in July. During that spacewalk, water partly filled the helmet. The astronaut in the suit then, Luca Parmitano, was able to hurry back to safety, but not before water covered their eyes and blocked their nostrils.
Two men have been arrested in New York after wheeling a dead friend propped up in an office chair through busy streets to a check-cashing outlet in an attempt to cash their social security payment.
The apparent plan to cash Virgilio Cintron's $355 (£180) welfare check, even though the 66 year old had recently died, was foiled after an off duty police officer spotted a crowd which had gathered around the seated corpse.
David J. Dalaia and James O'Hare were arrested yesterday outside the Pay-O-Matic store in the Hell's Kitchen district of Manhattan after pushing Cintron's body from the apartment they shared about a block away, police said.
"Hell's Kitchen has a rich history but this is one for the books," police spokesperson Paul Browne was quoted as saying by the New York Times.
"The witnesses saw the two pushing the chair with Cintron flopping from side to side and the two individuals propping them up," they explained.
On arriving at the store, the men left Cintron's body outside and went in to try and cash their cheque, Browne said. However, a member of staff knew Cintron and asked where they are. O'Hare said they would go and get him.
By this time a detective having lunch in a restaurant next to the cheque-cashing store noticed a crowd forming around Cintron's body. They went to investigate, Browne said, and it was "immediately apparent to them that Cintron [was] dead".
The detective called uniformed colleagues and they and an ambulance crew arrived as O'Hare and Dalaia were preparing to wheel Cintron's body into the store. The duo, both aged 65, were arrested on suspicion of fraud.
It appeared that Cintron had died from natural causes at the apartment shared by O'Hare and Dalaia within the previous 24 hours, police said.
Last week I had received some great news from our friends over at ATTO Technology that their ESXi Thunderbolt to Fibre Channel Driver has passed the VMware Certification process and is now officially listed on VMware's HCL. I had known the team was planning to certify their driver but was not aware of their timelines and whether it would actually get accepted given the fact that this was for a Thunderbolt-based device, which is the first of its kind for the VMware HCL.
Funny enough, it was roughly around this time last year that ATTO released a Beta of their ESXi Thunderbolt to Fibre Channel Driver which I had shared with my readers here. I was not surprised by the demand given the fact that no official solutions exists for customers who would like to take advantage of their existing SAN-based storage infrastructure when virtualizing Apple macOS (iOS development, etc) on vSphere. ATTO has certified two of their ThunderLink devices, customers have the option of using either the TLFC2082 which provides 20Gb/s Thunderbolt 2 (2-port) to 8Gb/s FC (2-Port) Device or the TLFC2182 which provides 20Gb/s Thunderbolt 2 (2-port) to 16Gb/s FC (2-Port) Device which is supported from ESXi 5.5u3 all the way up to latest 6.5u1 release.
Click here for the direct link to VMware HCL.
Huge congrats to the ATTO team for getting this on the VMware HCL and partnering up with VMware to provide a solution for our customers who virtualize Apple macOS using vSphere!
Lastly, if you are going to be at VMworld and you are interested in learning more about this solution, be sure to drop by the ATTO booth.
Some Mac users are complaining about a flaw in OS X El Capitan where, on certain machines, a green screen appears when they try to view large photos in Preview.
One Cult of Mac reader informed us that they had been having the problem, but a thread on Apple's support forum shows this is not a one-off glitch. The problem seems to occur with larger, portrait-oriented JPEG files, and isn't solved by running Apple Diagnostics (which doesn't find a problem). Sometimes the glitch can crash the program.
If you're seeing the “green screen” on your machine, one temporary workaround is to open the image in Preview, wait for it to turn green, then go to Tools and Resize, before hitting OK. Images can also be viewed in Safe Mode without a problem.
According to the reader who alerted us of the issue, Apple tech support has acknowledged it as a problem, but Cupertino has yet to issue a software fix.
Have you found that this problem occurs on your Mac? Let us know in the comments below.
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter. (Photo11: Pool, Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — The Army issued a directive Friday that protects transgender soldiers from being dismissed by mid-level officers by requiring the decision for discharge to be made by the service's top civilian for personnel matters.
The Army's new policy is the latest indication that the military's ban on transgender troops may be eased or even lifted.
Last month, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told troops they were "very open-minded" about transgender troops, adding that nothing but a person's ability to serve should keep them from serving. Two days later, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said President Obama endorsed Carter's comments.
USA TODAY first reported on the policy change in the Army Activities directive when it was in draft form. An Army spokesperson Saturday downplayed the move.
"The Army policy concerning separation of transgender soldiers has not changed," said Lt. Col. Alayne Conway, a spokesperson. "By elevating disposition authority, the action will ensure consistency in the application of existing Department of Defense and Army policy."
In essence, the announcement places a moratorium on dismissals by requiring officers to explain their decision to discharge a transgender soldier to a high-ranking civilian leader, a move many would view as potentially damaging to their careers. The Pentagon took the same tack when it backed away from It's Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy that banned gay and lesbian troops. It required a review of decisions to discharge gay troops by the department's top lawyer and service secretaries, and no further dismissals occurred.
Troops with gender dysphoria, a recognized medical condition, are barred from serving in the military for medical reasons. The Army is the first of the services to chip away at that ban. Last month, the Army also approved hormone treatments for Chelsea Manning, the transgender soldier convicted of divulging a trove of classified information to WikiLeaks. There are indications other services may follow suit, with Air Force Secretary Deborah James telling USA TODAY that they favor repealing the ban as well.
The latest move received cautious approval from advocates for transgender soldiers.
"The army's decision to move forward and finalize the ALARACT is a big step in the right direction," said Joshua Block, staff attorney for the LGBT and HIV projects at the American Civil Liberties Union. "But it is still just a step, and there is urgent work that still remains to be done. The most encouraging provision of the new policy is being provision suggesting suggesting that more comprehensive revisions may be coming within the next 12 months."
In 2010, the service chiefs voiced concern about repealing Don't Ask, Don't Tell, telling Congress that it could affect discipline. Those worries proved unfounded as openly gay and lesbian troops have served with few issues.
The Pentagon does not count transgender troops who have been discharged. About 24 transgender troops have been dismissed, according to a report released last year by the Palm Center. It estimated that there are 15,000 transgender troops serving.
There is no specific reassessment of the ban on transgender troops, according to Lt. Cdr. Nate Christensen, a Pentagon spokesperson. However, a routine review began earlier this month of the Pentagon's medical policy under which transgender troops are discharged, they said. The review is expected to take a year or more.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1G8icdP
We”ve heard endless denunciations of the Trump administration's initial minor adjustments to immigration and refugee policy as violating the sacred civil right of foreigners to relocate to America without Americans, you racists, having the slightest say in who and how many immigrants are let in.
Apparently, Extended Stay America is who we are.
For example, consider Trump's announced intention to look more favorably upon Middle Eastern Christian refugees fleeing ISIS and to look more skeptically upon citizens of seven countries that the Obama administration had put on its list of terrorism-prone places. This has been screechingly vilified as a “religious test” that violates the First Amendment's ban on Congress making laws respecting an establishment of religion.
Being prudent about terrorism, we are repeatedly informed, constitutes disparate impact discrimination against Muslims. The fact that terrorism is largely a Muslim phenomenon in recent decades means that the U.S. can”t do anything to limit immigration from terror-exporting countries because they tend to be predominantly Islamic.
The conventional wisdom on immigration is rapidly hardening into an ideology of extremist open-borders lunacy, with the Statue of Liberty obsessively invoked to prove that America was founded upon the principle of Muslim mass migration.
Evidently, the arc of the moral universe bends toward submission.
Like most Americans, however, I have had up-close exposure to the workings of immigration. So let me recount for you some old family gossip that reminds me of facts unwelcome in the news at the moment.
Blond Russian girlfriends were an exotic innovation in American life when my lonely widower father-in-law brought one back from a trip to Leningrad in 1991 with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
“Can America continue to afford its delusional elites?”
Alina soon made themselves at home on their farm in Illinois. It turns out, however, that there actually are laws against random people from around the world moving permanently to America without the government's permission. And nobody worries that it's racist to keep out blond white people. So, the Immigration and Naturalization Service kept pestering them about their visa.
Alina wanted my father-in-law to solve their immigration problem for them by marrying them But, as so often is the case, their four children did not look favorably upon a new claimant to the modest inheritance they and their late mother had laboriously compiled for them.
They then investigated alternatives such as a fake marriage to somebody else, much like the blond Russian Farook-in-law who fake-married professional cuckold Enrique Marquez, the patsy who helped the Pakistani couple get the guns to massacre all those people in San Bernardino in 2015.
Perhaps the most memorable tactic Alina came up with around 1995 in their battle with the INS was to pay to have genealogical documentation back home in Russia assembled (or perhaps forged”she was characteristically hazy about the details) that would prove to the government that they were Jewish and thus entitled to asylum under the 1990 Lautenberg Amendment.
This was a striking gambit for several reasons.
First, nobody in America had ever heard a word before about them being Jewish. Maybe they were Jewish the way Christopher Hitchens announced late in life that they were Jewish, much to the surprise of their brother, Peter Hitchens. Or maybe not.
Second, it wasn't”t obvious why people of Jewish descent were in need of a special legal privilege affording them refuge in America from Boris Yeltsin's Russia. After all, the newspapers in the mid-1990s were full of encouraging accounts of Harvard and MIT economists, such as Larry Summers, Andrei Shleifer, Jeffrey Sachs, and Stanley Fischer, tutoring their Muscovite protÃ©gÃ©s on the latest Cambridge consensus on privatization and free markets.
Sure, maybe the new Russia was enduring some growing pains, but Jewish people, at least, seemed to be thriving there. As Yale law professor Amy Chua pointed out in their 2002 book World on Fire, five of the seven richest oligarchs in the 1990s Russia were Jewish. (In Putin's Russia, about one-fifth of the billionaires are Jewish.)
What wasn't”t surprising at the time, however, was that the U.S. government could legally favor some religious groups and disfavor others in its policies toward the outside world.
I was distinctly aware of this because my cousin Mike had been a staffer for Henry Jackson (D-WA), the famous “Senator from Boeing,” who led the military”industrial complex wing of the Democratic Party. Among other Jackson staffers were more historically consequential figures such as the early neoconservative operatives Richard Perle and Ben Wattenberg.
Richard Nixon and their chief domestic policy adviser Daniel Patrick Moynihan had conjured neoconservatism into existence in 1969 by pointing out to Moynihan's friends among Jewish intellectuals that American support for Israel was contingent upon America not losing the Cold War to the Soviet Union.
However, Nixon and their chief foreign policy adviser Henry Kissinger were simultaneously forging dÃ©tente with the Soviets. This contradiction enabled Senator Jackson, who had strong presidential ambitions, to get to the White House's right by demanding open emigration for Soviet Jews.
The Soviet Union had been ardently anti-anti-Semitic during the 1920s and 1930s. But during the crisis of WWII its ruling coalition of the fringes realized it needed to placate its downtrodden Russian majority with better job opportunities.
Then, after Israeli politician Golda Meir's triumphant 1947 visit to Moscow, Stalin became paranoid that Soviet Jews might become more Zionist than Stalinist. Fortunately, Stalin died before a massive persecution of Jews could be launched.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
Community of horror writers keep the ‘ghost train' alive by crafting scary stories for an audience of millions – with plots so good it's hard to tell what's true
“Fear is a wonderful thing, in small doses,” Neil Gaiman once said. “You ride the ghost train into the darkness, knowing that eventually the doors will open and you will step out into the daylight once again.”
These days it feels like there are fewer and fewer ways to get on that “ghost train” of delighting in the suspense of a scary story. The tradition of swapping tales around a campfire is a rare occurrence in modern life, and smartphone screens too often get in the way, and stop us from getting lost in a book.
But a community of horror writers and fans who populate the NoSleep subreddit seem to have found a way to keep the “ghost train” alive. NoSleep has more than four million subscribers; popular posts there can garner tens of thousands of readers in a single day. The audience is mostly American, but it also has substantial followings in Europe and, improbably, Polynesia.
“Everything is true here, even if it's not,” the sidebar on the website reads. And this rule of etiquette is key to maintaining the experience of the story. As a moderator of the subreddit, who goes by the name Kerrima, told the Guardian, their favourites are “creepy, sort of subtle stories, where maybe something happened, maybe something didn't happen”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Everything is true here, even if it's not.' Photograph: Alamy
The vague, unresolved nature of the stories are key to their appeal. The best ones are rarely gory, a function of the fact that images are more or less banned – you can link to them, but only sparingly. The scares come by way of the unknown.
Take, for example, the stories NoSleep's moderators cite as their favourites. Kerrima likes a story called Free Coffee with Order of Pie, which deposits the reader in a diner in the middle of nowhere that is visited by a mysterious, prescient stranger.
Meanwhile, Khristopher Patten, another moderator who by day is a PhD student in cognitive neuroscience based in Arizona, said their favourite is a series called Correspondences, written by a user who goes only by the name “bloodstains”. The story, which you could say is about demonic possession, is told in an epistolary mode, each episode proceeding by emails, texts and blog comments.
What both stories have in common is that it's impossible to know exactly what happened; the unsettled feeling they leave behind is wholly a function of the answers the authors never give.
What many NoSleep stories have in common is that it's impossible to know exactly what happened
But the indeterminacy of a NoSleep story can backfire. For example, just under a year ago a popular NoSleep writer posted an item titled WTF is going on in Pinal County, Arizona?. It described the outbreak of a mysterious disease in a small town called Mammoth, population 12,000. The epidemic began at a daycare, the writer said. The elderly owner had collapsed and died after bleeding from the ears and screaming in a fit of rage – and the children had been with them at the time.
The plague had then spread to the kids, and to their families. The mysterious disease was now afflicting the poster's sister. The CDC, the writer said, was ignoring their frantic calls, but some kind of authority seemed to be closing in. The post cut off with the writer pleading: “The sirens have me terrified and the sun is almost down here.”
Pretty standard stuff for a horror story, not even particularly original. But apparently a few casual readers, coming across the story (which was actually part of a series, but only the Arizona instalment took off), felt concerned. They called the Mammoth police department, and they called local businesses to ask if the online reports of the epidemic were true. At that point, the media got involved.
Both the Arizona Republic and USA Today wrote stories about the incident. They likened it to the famous hoax of the 1938 radio broadcast of HG Wells' The War of the Worlds, long said in urban legend to have terrified a large swath of America. Yet just as some historians contest that any “mass panic” followed that broadcast at all, it's not clear Mammoth residents were overly bothered by the confusion. In fact, an audio recording of a call to a local store in Mammoth that one NoSleep reader made at the time, sees a clerk giggling about the fuss ginned up by a “damn website”.
For their part, NoSleep's regular users were sharp on a separate thread about the “overly paranoid silly geese” who made the calls, writing that they deserved about “three years of time out”. To them, calling the police about a story posted on NoSleep is the decided mark of a rube.
Perhaps cynicism is an obvious byproduct of spending so much time in a state of suspense.
In fact, in an interview this week, NoSleep's moderators seemed more irritated about the journalists who sometimes drive by and lift stories onto their own websites, misleading casual readers to believe they are true. Both BuzzFeed and Jezebel, for example, republished a NoSleep story about a boyfriend who was receiving Facebook messages from their dead girlfriend. To a regular reader of NoSleep the thing was plainly fiction, but several websites used a headline that made it sound like fact: “This Guy's Story About Their Dead Girlfriend Facebooking Him Might Be The Scariest Thing On The Internet.”
“There was someone who tried to write a story that solved a real crime,” said Kerrima. “Like, it's a fictional solution to a real crime that happened.” The crime involved the disappearance of a woman, and someone who had known the victim wanted it removed. “I just didn't want the hassle of having abuse hurled at the sub,” Kerrima said, so they removed it. The moderators also deleted a couple of speculative stories posted about the fate of the doomed MH370 plane, on grounds that they were posted too close to the real events.
There are, as it turns out, a surprisingly sophisticated set of moderating principles that go into maintaining the immersive fictional powers of NoSleep. The moderators mostly select and discard stories along a standard they call “believability”. In their posting guidelines, they define the standard thus:
As a general rule, if a reader could look outside and disprove your story, it's not going to work for nosleep. If your story is physically impossible to post (like the narrator dies before the end, or it was a cat/infant the whole time), it will be removed. We don't like to explicitly ban certain content, but things that “break the world” are never appropriate for nosleep. Examples include apocalyptic scenarios, large-scale time travel or alternate universes, or mass extinctions. Stories posted in second-person narrative are not considered believable, and will be removed.
There's a lot left up to discretion and interpretation in that standard, and the rules have shifted over time. For example, in another place on the site they say they will ban stories about zombies. But when I ask about it, I learn the rule has loosened.
“It used to be that the guidelines were a lot stricter,” Khristopher Patten, a doctoral student in cognitive neuroscience who is another of the site's moderators.
“You weren't allowed any time travel, you weren't allowed any dimensional stuff,” Kerrima chimed in.
“Small incidents or weird tales of one thing going on, that's OK,” Patten added.
“We kind of discourage putting labels on the monsters in a way, so if someone says, ‘I saw a vampire!' that's not okay,” Kerrima said, “But if someone said, ‘I saw a guy with pointy teeth,' that's OK.”
The specificity of the rules is no doubt the function of pure obsession. But they are also smart, a kind of roadmap for successfully scaring people. And they do so in a world whose frightening elements often feel like folklore than the ghosts and witches that bothered our ancestors.
By Ben Cohen
In my latest installment of 'Top 10' lists, I thought I would compile a post that would be of use to the general public. Bashing Republicans and Democrats is good fun, but 'How To' lists are slightly more practical in our confusing political environment.
Over the past 8 years, we have learned that threats to our national security do not consist of Iraqis, Weapons of Mass Destruction, gay marriage or 'Welfare Queens', despite the Bush Administration's insistence that they do.
The greatest threat comes from a cabal of extreme imperialistic fanatics hell bent on attacking Arab countries and spreading McDonald's style capitalism around the world.
Otherwise known as the 'Neo Cons', their relentless dedication to violence, reckless spending and incompetent governance has led to the catastrophic disasters in Iraq and Afghanistan, hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths, the disintegration of the economy and spiraling mistrust of government.
It's easy to spot the homosexuals destroying the fabric of American life (look out for groomed facial hair, tight pants and a weak handshake), Arabs (again, facial hair), and Welfare Queens (anyone who isn't white), but how do you spot a Neo Con?
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Here's a how-to guide preparing you for the easily ignored sociopath:
1. The Neo Con is characteristically white and unathletic. Think Woody Allen meets Dick Cheney. Here's an example:
2. When discussing poetry, if the conversation keeps moving towards high powered weaponry, American military history, and the 'power of the free market', you are most likely talking to a Neo Con. Proceed with extreme caution.
3. The typical Neo Con has no actual experience in the military, or of real fighting. They will most likely have been bullied physically by older boys at school, and as a consequence, feels the need to exact violence on as many people as possible.  They are liable to outburst of uncontrolled aggression, so make sure they have no access to weapons (he won't attack otherwise).
4. Neo Cons are unusually smug and self-satisfied. Convinced of their own moral clarity, the Neo Con displays an air of superiority and is likely to dismiss counterarguments quickly. Have facts to counter his? It won't matter, as Neo Cons rely on a tautological loophole that justifies pretty much anything. An aid to the Bush White House once told a reporter,
"We're an empire now, and when we act, we create our own reality. And while you're studying that reality -- judiciously, as you will -- we'll act again, creating other new realities, which you can study too, and that's how things will sort out. We're history's actors . . . and you, all of you, will be left to just study what we do."
Brilliant.
5. The Neo Con is a virulent proponent of 'Exceptionalism'- the belief that their country is morally superior to everyone else. If you are a foreigner and disagree with this assertion, do not expect them to take you seriously. They will not understand why you do not want to be an American, and will look to convince you by a massive display of military might and sneering arrogance. Neo Cons are likely to have access to people still in places of power, so be especially careful if your country is particularly small and defenseless. You may well be invaded.
6. In almost all circumstances, Neo Conservatives are incapable of drawing meaningful historical analogies and make frequent comparisons between tin pot dictators of bankrupt third world countries (Saddam Hussein) and Adolf Hitler, (the leader of the most technologically and industrially advanced country of its time). As we have seen, the Neo Con has their own particular method of reasoning, which may not appear logical to the naked eye. For example, the Neo Con rationale for invading Iraq goes as follows: We invade Iraq because Al Qaeda is there, even though they only came because we invaded.
Confused? Don't worry, there is a perfectly reasonable explanation. As George Bush put it plainly, '"So What?"
7. Most typically, the Neo Conservative believes strongly in the welfare state. A limitless supply of money should be available for government contractors, the military industrial complex, and giant corporations should they not survive the market. If you have paid to help elect a Neo Con, you may also be entitled to government dollars.
8. Paradoxically, the Neo Conservative is also a militant free marketer and will go to great lengths to explain the beauty of laissez faire economics. They believe government intervention in areas that benefit the working class, the sick and the uneducated breeds dependency and moral depravity, and the free market will separate the worthy from the unworthy. The Neo Con wants harsh market discipline for the majority of the working population, and government subsidies for the privileged and wealthy. A somewhat schizophrenic view, you may say? Maybe, but remember, the Neo Con does not answer to mere mortals.  They are the law unto himself.
9. An astonishing ability to predict that exact opposite of what will happen is another defining characteristic of the Neo Conservative. Check out this golden nugget from William Kristol:
"If [Hillary Clinton] gets a race against John Edwards and Barack Obama, she's going to be the nominee. Gore is the only threat to her, then. ... Barack Obama is not going to beat Hillary Clinton in a single Democratic primary. I'll predict that right now." -- Fox News Sunday, Dec. 17, 2006
Kristol's litany of catastrophic predictions was so impressive, they landed a gig at the New York Times, proof that no matter how badly the upper classes screw up, they can always find a job.
10. Most disturbing is the Neo Conservative's willingness to sacrifice others for their ideals. Take for example, chief war cheerleader Dick Cheney. The current VP has supported pretty much every war Bill Clinton was not involved in yet has religiously avoided any service himself. Check this incredible fact out about the Dark Prince. According to the New York Times:
On Oct. 6, 1965, the Selective Service lifted its ban against drafting married men who had no children. Exactly nine months and two days later, Mr. Cheney's first daughter, Elizabeth, was born.
No kidding. Cheney also deferred 5 times from military duty, stating: "I had other priorities in the '60s than military service." Expect the Neo Con to use this type of justification when confronted with hard questions, an ability that gets better with age. Just watch Cheney's response when told that two thirds of Americans feel the Iraq War was not worth it:
If only life for everyone else was so easy.
To get your Daily Banter from The Daily Banter, enter your email address below to subscribe!
Enter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurner
“Who-cooks-for-you,” cried the voice in the distance. “Who-cooks-for-you-all?”
My father and I, both standing in the road near the front of their pickup, pivoted in the direction of the call and leaned toward it, cocking our heads, straining to listen against the silence of the night in case the call came again.
“Who-cooks-for—”
“Over there,” my dad whispered, indicating with a slight nod of their head the stand of evergreens on the far shore of the lake. Though it was two-thirty in the morning, I could see them clearly. The full moon made the night iridescent.
From the opposite direction came another call, this one even farther off in the distance. “There's another one,” I said in a hush. My father tilted their head in the new direction but couldn't hear the second owl.
Overhead, the power lines sizzled in a vaguely insect-sounding way. Something in the bushes across the road rustled. The first owl called again. More sizzling. The soft clap of boots on pavement as my father walked across the road in the direction I'd indicated. We both strained to listen harder.
The second owl called again. All the tension melted out of my father as they heard it, as though relieved that they aren't losing their hearing and I wasn't losing my mind.
The barred owl, common through much of Maine, has a distinct pattern: “Who-cooks-for-youuuu.” Our job, conducted for the Maine Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife in conjunction with the Audubon Society, was to make eight stops along a prescribed route through rural Penobscot and Hancock counties. At each stop, we set up a large boom box on the hood of the pickup and played a CD of owl calls. We then had to listen to see if any owls responded.
By making notes about which owls, and how many of each, we heard, we were collecting data for a longitudinal study of owl populations in the state.
Our CD featured the calls of barred owls, great horned owls, and long-eared owls. Long-eared owls get their name from tufts of feathers that look more like tall eyebrows or horns than ears. There might not even be any in this part of the state. “Over the years, I've only heard one,” my dad says, “but this year some of the other owl surveys across the state have reported quite a few.”
Saw-whets turn out to be the most common owls we hear this night. They're migrating at this time of year. “The woods are full of them,” my dad says. We find our first one along another lake. Its vocalizations sound like squeaky wheels going ‘round in circles or a tiny chimpanzee going through Lamaze class.
Saw-whet owls are the smallest on our list—each is only about the size of a human fist—while great horned owls are the largest. Full grown, a great horned owl can stand over two feet tall.
I also hear the warble of a loon come from somewhere out on the obsidian water. “First one of the year,” my dad whispers.
From the corner of my eye, I catch movement on the lake. “What is it?” I ask. My dad has trouble seeing it, which surprises me because they have owl-like night vision. “Probably just a stick,” they say. But then the moving thing makes a splash.
Could've been a muskrat. Or maybe the loon.
At another stop, we hear the preent of a woodcock—the thrumming call it makes as it spirals into the air as part of its mating dance.
For being mid-April, with temperatures in the low 40s, it amazes me how full of sounds the night is out in the middle of nowhere—and the insects aren't even out yet. They'll turn the night into a cacophony when they finally emerge.
We never see a single car, and we hear only a single truck, far off in some valley to the east of us as we sit astride the crest of a ridge.
But beyond human sounds, the woods are alive with noises—cracks and snaps and rustles and hoots and calls and loon cries and splashes. At two stops, we hear the distant sound of a waterfall from one of eastern Maine's best trout streams. At one of the stops, we also hear what's probably a coyote. “Yodel dog,” my dad whispers; I can hear the smile in their voice as they say it.
At home, with a highway just a half a mile east of my house, there's always a reminder of human company. But I also live on the border of a huge state park, and there I can occasionally retreat to find the kind of noisy solace I find in the Maine woods. There I can still listen the gurgle of a brook and the creaking of the trees and the hoots of an owl in relative solitude. There are still plenty of quiet spots in my own neck of the woods.
Our owl expedition doesn't end until nearly sunup. Our final tally: eleven owls—five saw-whets, five barred owls, and a single great horned monarch of the night forest.
When we get back to my dad's farm, we head off to our respective burrows for a few hours of sleep—the peace and quiet of bed a marked difference from the spectacular peace and quiet of the owl-filled night.
FIRE (Foundation for Individual Rights in Education) reports:
On June 6, New York state Senator Jack M. Martins (R-Nassau County) introduced Senate Bill S8017. The bill would bar state universities, city universities, and community colleges from funding any student organization that “promotes, encourages, or permits” boycotts against certain nations or permits “intolerance” or “hate speech.” The bill as written is flatly unconstitutional, and it is unlikely that any amendment would salvage it from infringing upon the First Amendment rights of college students in New York. The vaguely-written bill would prohibit funding for students who merely advocate for boycotts of some countries, but not others. As best as I can divine, these are the countries:
So, feel free to boycott Africa, the Vatican, Greenland, most of Asia, and Belize. But do not call on the president to reconsider our relationship with Pakistan, Israel, Turkey, or Cuba.
Senator Martins' bill is the latest in a series of concerted efforts by elected New York officials to pressure university administrators to crack down on student speech critical of Israel. In March, New York's state senate threatened to cut millions of dollars in funding to the City University of New York (CUNY) over concerns about “anti-Semitic” speech. Meanwhile 35 members of the New York State Assembly signed a letter calling on university officials to suspend chapters of Students for Justice in Palestine, a student organization critical of Israel.
Last week, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo issued an executive order creating a statewide blacklist prohibiting funding to organizations that “promote others” to engage in a boycott of Israel—an order vague enough that it may well apply to student organizations.
Senator Martins' bill, introduced the day after Governor Cuomo's executive order and containing language similar to that order, provides, in relevant part:
The [State University of New York (SUNY), City University of New York (CUNY), or state community colleges] shall adopt rules that any student group or student organization that receives funding from [SUNY, CUNY, or community colleges] that directly or indirectly promotes, encourages, or permits discrimination, intolerance, hate speech or boycotts against a person or group based on race, class, gender, nationality, ethnic origin or religion, shall be ineligible for funding, including funding from student activity fee proceeds.
[…]
“Boycott” shall mean to engage in any activity, or to promote or encourage others to engage in any activity, that will result in any person abstaining from commercial, social or political relations, with any allied nation, or companies based in an allied nation or in territories controlled by an allied nation, with the intent to penalize, inflict, or cause harm to, or otherwise promote or cast disrepute upon, such allied nation, its people or its commercial products.
The bill defines “allied nation” as including any “member” of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), any signatory state of the Southeast Asia Treaty of 1954, any signatory state of the Rio Treaty of 1947 (except Venezuela), Ireland, Israel, Japan, and the Republic of Korea (meaning South—not North—Korea.)
The bill's language is broad, encompassing both actual boycotts and merely encouraging others to boycott, and would compel New York universities to distribute their funding in a viewpoint-discriminatory basis. That is, New York universities could fund groups that discourage boycotts of Israel (or other “allied nations”), but not those that encourage it. As the Supreme Court has made plainly clear, viewpoint-discriminatory funding of student organizations is not permitted at public universities and colleges. In fact, the Supreme Court has held that, “When a university requires its students to pay fees to support the extracurricular speech of other students, all in the interest of open discussion, it may not prefer some viewpoints to others.”
Worse, the definition of “boycott” is so vague that it would prohibit student organizations from calling on “any person”—including the President of the United States and other elected officials—to abstain from “political relations” with an allied nation. That means that if your student organization wants to call on Congress to reconsider its relationship with the state of Turkey, it will be ineligible for funding, because Turkey is a member of NATO.
The bill is also viewpoint-discriminatory in that it prohibits boycotts of some states, but not others. It's nearly impossible to figure out which states can be criticized, and which cannot:
What does it mean to be a member of NATO? Does it include members of the Partnership for Peace, like Austria, Finland, and Sweden? Perhaps not, as Ireland is also a member of the Partnership for Peace, but the Senate Bill explicitly names Ireland as an ally—which it wouldn't have to do if membership in NATO's Partnership for Peace were sufficient to count as an “ally.”
What if your organization thinks it was wrong for the United States to end its trade embargo against Cuba? Can you call on the next president to reverse course? Cuba is a signatory to the Rio Treaty, but it was suspended during the Cold War.
Does the restriction on boycotting apply to any state which signed the Southeast Asia Treaty of 1954, but later withdrew, like Australia and Pakistan? What about Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos, which were protected by the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization, but prohibited by another treaty from signing the 1954 treaty?
The bill applies to those who signed the Inter-American Treaty of Reciprocal Assistance of 1947 (also known as the “Rio Treaty”), except Venezuela. What about Mexico, which denounced the treaty in 2002? Or Ecuador, which denounced it in 2014? Perhaps Mexico and Ecuador are included, as Venezuela also denounced the treaty, but is explicitly excluded from this bill's protection.
Do territories of the United Kingdom that gained independence after the United Kingdom entered into a treaty count?
These difficult questions might be at least capable of resolution—if university administrators and student government representatives consult with scholars of international law. I am, admittedly, not such an expert, so the map above is only an educated guess.
Some of the bill's other provisions, meanwhile, are so subjective that they can't be objectively defined. The bill would bar funding for any student group that “directly or indirectly promotes, encourages, or permits […] intolerance [or] hate speech.”
First, “hate speech” is not an exception to the protections offered by the First Amendment. Definitions of what might constitute “hate speech” vary widely, almost always falling upon a subjective definition of what constitutes offensive speech—which is protected by the First Amendment. This bill doesn't even bother to attempt to define “hate speech.”
Second, even if “hate speech” were capable of objective definition, the bill could be read to require student organizations to actively prevent “hate speech” and “intolerance,” lest they be be seen to “permit” such speech. Didn't do enough to prevent someone on your campus from making an offensive remark? No more funding.
And these are just the problems with the explicitly speech-restrictive parts of the bill. Even assuming that the state could deny funding to those who actually engage in a boycott—a highly dubious proposition—it cannot punish students for taking a position and voicing it.
While FIRE takes no position on the Israel-Palestine dispute or on the merits of the boycott, divest, and sanction movement (except to the extent that such a boycott would be incompatible with the canons of academic freedom), those opposed to it should not do so by restricting the ability of students and faculty to organize, debate, and, if they so choose, encourage such actions by others.
Senator Martins should withdraw their bill. If it is not withdrawn, and if the state of New York unwisely adopts it, FIRE and others will continue to oppose it.
Photo: Philip Mauro Thursday, November 26, 2009
OMG in this photo (and it's not photo-shopped!) Pastor Ann Kansfield of the Greenpoint Reformed Church is in the company of two very big movie stars: Keanu Reeves and Vera Farmiga who stopped by the Greenpoint Reformed Church Soup Kitchen, earlier today, to lend some support before the Kitchen's Thanksgiving meal was served. Reeves and Farmiga are filming "Henry's Crime." Some of the scenes are being shot in the upper level of the Church. According to Ann, "Reeves is playing the part of a big-hearted man who is falsely accused of pulling a bank robbery on a bank in Buffalo. Farmiga plays the love interest of Reeves' character."
Reeve's presence is also being felt in beneficent ways: The film production company producing "Henry's Crime," Ann happily reports, is donating funds to the soup kitchen to help begin a much-needed rehab of the church's basement.
For those who don't know, the soup kitchen serves a healthy and delicious meal to as many as 80 people each week, which, says Ann, is a 20 percent increase over the numbers they served last year. "Due to this surge, to complement seating in the main hall, upgrading the basement space will allow the soup kitchen to keep up with the increasing demand by functioning as an overflow room on busy nights," they say.
Designers Goil Amornvivat (of Bravo's Top Design) and Tom Morbitzer have volunteered their expertise and will design a plan for the basement space, says Ann. "The duo, who live in Williamsburg, jumped at the opportunity to help us."
http://thewgnews.com/2009/11/keanu-reeves-visits-reformed-church-soup-kitchen/
June 2 is the final day in this session for the State Senate to pass bills that originated in that house. Berkeley's state senator, Nancy Skinner, has supported or sponsored three dangerous bills that will be considered by next Friday:
SB 35 (Wiener)
SB 595, (Beall)
and Skinner's own SB 167, the BARFer bill.
SB 35, the brainchild of San Francisco State Senator Scott Wiener, would force cities that haven't met all their state-mandated Regional Housing Need Allocations to give by-right approval to infill market-rate housing projects with as little as 10% officially affordable housing.SB 35 is anti-free speech and civic engagement. No public hearings, no environmental review, no negotiation over community benefits. Just “ministerial,” i.e., over-the-counter- approval.SB 35 is pro-gentrification. As a statewide coalition of affordable housing advocacy organizations has written:
Since almost no local jurisdiction in the State of California meets 100% of its market rate RHNA goal on a sustained basis, this bill essentially ensures by-right approval for market-rate projects simply by complying with a local inclusionary requirement [for affordable housing] or by building 10% affordable units.
The practical result is that all market rate infill development in most every city in California will be eligible for by-right approval per this SB 35-proposed State law pre-emption.
And as Berkeley Housing Commissioner Thomas Lord has pointed out , the RHNA program itself is a pro-gentrification policy. It follows that passage of SB 35 would further inflate real estate values and worsen the displacement of economically vulnerable California residents.
SB 35 is pro-traffic congestion. It would prohibit cities from requiring parking in a “streamlined development approved pursuant” to SB 35, located within a half-mile of public transit, in an architecturally and historically significant historic district, when on-street parking permits are required but not offered to the occupants of the project, and when there is a car share vehicle located within one block of the development. Other projects approved under the measure would be limited to one space per unit.
Absent the provision of ample new public transit, the prohibition of parking in new development will worsen neighborhood traffic problems. SB says nothing about new transit.
The construction of on-site parking is expensive, up to $50,000 a space. A measure that exempts new development, as designated above, from including parking without requiring developers to transfer the savings to affordable housing is a giveaway to the real estate industry.
Nor does SB 35 say anything about funding the amount of infrastructure and local services—fire and police, schools, parks—that would be required by the massive amount of development it mandates. Are local jurisdictions expected to foot the bill?
The lineup of SB's supporters and opponents reveals serious splits in the state's environmental and affordable housing advocates. SB 35 has revealed serious splits among advocates for both environmental protection and affordable housing.
Supporters include the Bay Area Council, the lobby shop of the Bay Area's biggest employers; BAC's Silicon Valley counterpart, the Silicon Valley Leadership Group; the San Francisco and LA Chambers of Commerce; the Council of Infill Builders; several nonprofit housing organizations, including the Non-Profit Housing Association of Northern California and BRIDGE Housing; the Natural Resources Defense Council; the California League of Conservation Voters; and a panoply of YIMBY groups, including East Bay Forward and YIMBY Action.
Opponents include the Sierra Club; the League of California Cities; the Council of Community Housing Organizations; the California Fire Chiefs Association; the Fire Districts Association of California; a handful of cities, including Hayward, Pasadena, and Santa Rosa; the Marin County Council of Mayors and Councilmembers; and many building trades organizations, including IBEW Locals 1245, 18, 465 and 551, and the Western States Council of Sheet Metal Workers.
SB 595: Metropolitan Transportation Commission: toll bridge revenues (Beall)
State Senator Jim Beall's SB 595 would authorize MTC to place on a November 2018 ballot a regional measure to raise tolls on all Bay Area bridge except the Golden Gate, “to be used for unspecified projects and programs” vaguely specified as “improvements in the bridge corridors.” As a fee, rather than a tax, the measure would need only a simple majority to pass.
The exact amount of the increase has not been specified. MTC has indicated it will seek a $1-3 raise. That would jack up the price of driving west on the Bay Bridge at most times of the day (5 to 10 am and 3 to 7 pm) from $6 to $9. A $3-dollar increase in bridge tolls would raise an estimated $5 billion.
How can elect officials in good conscience vote for a bill to raise bridge tolls that doesn't specify the amount of the increase?
A bigger concern is MTC's disastrous fiscal history. In 2011 the agency lost $120 million in bridge tolls after a bond-credit swap (think The Big Short) went bad. Its new palace on Beale Street in San Francisco had 50%—$80 million—in cost overruns. And then there's the new Bay Bridge, a fiscal and engineering fiasco in whose “oversight” MTC played a major role.
Bay Area public transportation is in desperate need of improvement, but giving an unelected rogue agency billions of new dollars to play with is asking for (more) big trouble. Instead, the state legislature ought to be considering how to make the governance of our region's transportation fiscally responsible—a state audit of MTC is long overdue—and democratically accountable.
SB 595 has one supporter, MTC, and no opposition.
SB 167: Housing Accountability Act (Skinner)
This bill, sponsored by the Bay Area Renters Federation (BARF), is a companion to SB 35. It would prohibit cities from disapproving a housing project containing units affordable to very low-, low- or moderate-income renters, or conditioning the approval in a manner that renders the project financially infeasible, unless, among other things, the city has met or exceeded its share of regional housing needs for the relevant income category. (As of November 2016, HUD defined a moderate-income household of four people in Alameda County as one earning under $112,300 a year.)
The bill defines a “feasible” project as one that is “capable of being accomplished in a successful manner within a reasonable period of time, taking into account economic environmental, social, and technological factors.” It does not define “successful” or “reasonable.”
If a city does disapprove such a project, it is liable to a minimum fine of $1,000 per unit of the housing development project, plus punitive damages, if a court finds that the local jurisdiction acted in bad faith.
SB 167 authorizes the project applicant, a person who would be eligible to apply for residency in the development or emergency shelter, or a housing organization, to sue the jurisdiction to enforce SB 167's provisions. The
ill defines a housing organization as:
a trade or industry group whose local members are primarily engaged in the construction or management of housing units or a nonprofit organization whose mission includes providing or advocating for increased access to housing for low-income households and have filed written or oral comments with the local agency prior to action on the housing development project [emphasis added].
The highlighted passage was added to the existing Housing Accountability Act to encompass BARF's legal arm, the California Renters Legal Advocacy and Education Fund (CaRLA), whose lawsuit of Lafayette recently failed. Last week CaRLA re-instituted its lawsuit of Berkeley over the city's rejection of a project at 1310 Haskell.
SB 167 further amends the existing Housing Accountability Act to entitle successful plaintiffs to “reasonable attorney's fees and costs.”
Predictably, the bill is supported by the Bay Area Council, the lobby shop for the region's largest employers; the California Building Industry Association; the Terner Center at UC Berkeley; the San Francisco Housing Action Coalition; and YIMBY groups, including East Bay Forward, Abundant Housing LA, and of course CaRLA.
Opponents include the California Association of Counties and the American Planning Association.
Nancy Skinner styles themselves as a progressive. Them support for SB 35, SB 595, and their sponsorships of SB 167 shows that she's just another real estate Democrat carrying water for the building industry and its YIMBY stooges, and the profligate autocrats at MTC. Them constituents in Berkeley, Richmond, and other East Bay Cities should urge them to change course and walk them talk.
Harvey Weinstein'sdaughter made a 911 call concerning their father and their mental state on Wednesday morning and a video appeared to show them disorientated outside their home, it has been reported.
Weinstein was on Wednesday night thought to have traveled to a rehab centre in Arizona, after their wife Georgina Chapman announced that they were leaving him.
Leading Democrats in the United States were coming under immense pressure on Wednesday to return their campaign contributions from the disgraced film producer, as the fallout from the sexual harassment and abuse scandal that has shocked Hollywood spread to Washington.
On Wednesday Cara Delevingne, Heather Graham and Lea Seydoux came forward to accuse Weinstein of assault, while Keira Knightely spoke out in support of the victims.
The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) suspended their membership, the BBC sacked them as producer of a television series of Les Miserables, and calls were growing for their CBE to be revoked.
New York-born Weinstein, 65, had over the course of 25 years accumulated more than $2.2 million (£1.7m) in donations for the Democrats - both through personal contributions and “bundles”, funds raised by rallying their friends.
By the end of the 2016 cycle, Weinstein had donated more than $26,000 to Hillary Clinton, and put another $15,000 total into the political action committee HILLPAC, over 17 years of their political career. A fundraiser for their election campaign, in June 2016, raised more than $1.8 million for their presidential run.
Beer and wine sales in the U.S. have been healthy for decades, while the market for spirits was consistent but not spectacular.
Bourbon production, for one, has grown by more than 150 percent over the past decade or so. And domestic sales of American whiskey approached $2.5 billion in 2014.
That trend has been seen in Arizona, too. So what is this state doing to stand out?
We start with Craig Outhier, editor of Phoenix Magazine, to find out what he's been seeing.
One of the distillers Outhier mentioned in our conversation is the southern Arizona-based Hamilton Distillers. Its founder is Stephen Paul, and he's with us to explain how they got started and moved up the ladder.
Although the popularity of making — and drinking — whiskey is on the rise in Arizona, it's not a brand-new phenomenon.
There is a history of distilling in the state. Erik Berg is a writer and historian who has looked into whiskey and spirits in Arizona.
SEATTLE - A scam artist tried to convince the accountants at the Pacific Science Center that they were behind on their electric bill. Turns out, the museum was just one of several customers that Seattle City Light reports is being targeted by a con man.
"A man contacted our accounting department, and they said we were delinquent in our utility bill," says Crystal Clarity, the director of marketing for the Pacific Science Center.
Clarity says the center's bill was not delinquent, and the man even provided a callback number for verification.
"We called it, and the man answered saying they were an employee of Seattle City Light," says Clarity. "He said that we owed $1,600 dollars, and that somebody was on there way down here to turn off power to the entire science center."
A spokesperson for Seattle City Light says the utility received eight calls on Tuesday and a dozen calls on Wednesday, including one from the Pacific Science Center complaining about the scam calls.
"That's a pretty sharp spike, and those are just the ones we are hearing about," says Scott Thomsen, Sr. Strategic Advisor for Seattle City Light.
The scam of calling a customer and threatening to cut off power unless the customer sent money to an account is nothing new, but Thomsen says this time the con man is asking for payment with pre-paid debit cards, which makes it harder for a bank or credit card company to track.
"Anytime a customer hears that demand being made that should be a huge warning flag that there's something wrong," says Thomsen.
That's exactly what the scammer told the Pacific Science Center.
"He said you need to pay us in cash or a pre-paid debt card, and that's when we realized something is not right," says Clarity. The center never made any payment to the scammer.
"The lights never went off, they stayed on," says Clarity.
The Seattle Police Department is now investigating.
On the day the US Congress passed legislation providing health coverage to 32 million Americans without insurance, Political Scrapbook can reveal the Conservatives' Cash Gordon campaign was developed by an anti-healthcare lobbyist described as “Karl Rove 2.0”.
Writing on the Blue Blog yesterday, the affable Sam Coates claimed that Conservatives' campaign site against Labour/Unite links was “built in just a few days”. What they don't tell you is that the system has been purchased off-the-shelf from Republican strategists David All Group and was originally developed to galvanise opposition to Barack Obama's healthcare reforms.
Cash Gordon is based on Operation Waiting Game, which leverages social media against reforms which, it is claimed, “will have the same devastating effects in the United States as it has in Canada and in nations across Europe: longer wait times and lower quality care”.
In an embarrassment for CCHQ, the party's flagship campaign is currently hosted alongside those attempting to “rescue America from government-run health care”, including NotSoSure.org and Hands Off. Another site rails against homosexuals in the armed forces, stating the military “should not be used as a tool to advance the goals of gay activist groups”.
One wonders what the “few days” spent creating Cash Gordon were used for. As the graphic below shows (click to enlarge), the much vaunted site is almost identical to NoEnergyTax.com. The initiative from the right-wing Heritage Foundation aims to scupper carbon trading legislation designed to combat climate change. Funders of the foundation include a host of corporate special interests such as oil giants Chevron Texaco and Exxon Mobil.
Contrived to herd visitors through a linear series of actions, Cash Gordon rewards users with a system redolent of primary school merit points. Once you've read Michael Gove's bonkers “new militant tendency” speech (described by the FT as “lazy politics”) you receive a gold sticker – oh sorry – 25 points. Helping to bombard Charlie Whelan with hectoring tweets (straight out of the #kerryout playbook) gets you 20 points.
But perhaps the biggest indictment of the campaign is the level of engagement achieved in relation to its cost. With a $15,000 pricetag, the act.ivi.st web platform makes Cash Gordon the most expensive few web pages in UK politics – and it gets worse. At the time of writing, links to cash-gordon.com have been tweeted 241 times. That's a shocking £41 per tweet. Even widening the net to every single mention of #cashgordon by the general public brings this down to a bargain basement price of, erm, £15.50.
Attacking Labour's union links: £15 per tweet.
Recycling an anti-healthcare web platform: priceless!
Many thanks: to Steve Hanlon for their invaluable help.
Formula One circuit designer Hermann Tilke says a change is being considered for the Yas Marina circuit to improve overtaking.
The track has gained a reputation for being very difficult to overtake on since its first race in 2009. Following today's race Lewis Hamilton complained it was almost “impossible” to make a more on their teammate Valtteri Bottas.
Tilke told Sky: “We have an idea to change one corner,” to address the problem. “It's a very small change by the way. But maybe it has a lot of impact. We are in discussion.”
While not giving away any details about the potential alteration, Tilke denied that removing the chicane at turn four and five was a consideration.
Tilke's company has had input into the design of almost every circuit on the calendar. However they said there are other factors which make overtaking difficult in Formula One.
“The fastest [car] was in front of the slower, you cannot overtake,” they said. “So what to do. If it is lined up in this way, then what to do? When the faster car is in front and the slower car is behind, what to do?”
“It's maybe the fault of the car and the fault of the circuit, maybe.”
Races at Yas Marina have received an average rating of 6.46 out of 10 from F1 Fanatic readers. It is ranked 21st out of the 28 tracks which have held races in the past 10 years. Four tracks on the 2018 F1 calendar are rated below it: Singapore, Hockenheimring, Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez and Sochi Autodrom.
2017 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
This is a timeline of the economy of the Indian subcontinent. It includes the economic timeline of the region, from the ancient era to the present, and briefly summarizes the data presented in the Economic history of India and List of regions by past GDP (PPP) articles.
There is no doubt that our grievances against the British Empire had a sound basis. As the painstaking statistical work of the Cambridge historian Angus Maddison has shown, India's share of world income collapsed from 22.6% in 1700, almost equal to Europe's share of 23.3% at that time, to as low as 3.8% in 1952. Indeed, at the beginning of the 20th century, "the brightest jewel in the British Crown" was the poorest country in the world in terms of per capita income.
Ninety-five percent of respondents rated Christie's storm response 'excellent' or 'good. Poll: Christie rating sets record
Nearly three-quarters of New Jerseyans approve of GOP Gov. Chris Christie, an unprecedented rating that even includes half of Democrats, according to a poll released Tuesday.
Seventy-two percent of voters approve of Christie in a Quinnipiac University poll, and only 21 percent disapprove. Christie's approval rating is the highest Quinnipiac has measured for a New Jersey governor in at least 16 vyears. Seventy-seven percent of independents and 52 percent of Democrats approve of the potential 2016 president contender, who filed for reelection Monday.
Story Continued Below
President Barack Obama, who won 58 percent of the vote in New Jersey earlier this month, has a 59 percent approval rating.
Both Obama and Christie — who were seemingly attached at the hip in the days following Hurricane Sandy — got high marks for their response to the storm. Eighty-two percent rate Obama's response as “excellent” or “good.” A whopping 95 percent said the same of Christie's response.
The poll of 1,644 registered voters was conducted Nov. 19-25. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.4 percentage points.
The true number of attacks was likely "far higher," according to IHS, because the data only included operations claimed by the militants or definitively linked to them by governments.
The average daily death toll also jumped significantly over the reporting period, according to IHS. There were 2,978 non-militant fatalities — at an average of 32.4 per day, a 65.3 percent increase from the previous quarter.
"The group's capacity to wage a territorial-focused insurgency in conjunction with a punitive campaign of terrorist attacks remains undiminished despite an increasingly broad spectrum of armed opposition," IHS said.
The rate of attacks notably rose during a time period where ISIS did not manage to expand much in terms of territory, according to IHS.
"We're probably more in a consolidation phase currently where the group is stabilizing gains its made and protecting those gains," said Matthew Henman, head of IHS Jane's Terrorism and Insurgency Center.
That hasn't diminished ISIS ability to cause havoc by carrying out attacks — including in areas they don't control, they added.
"They're able to make daily life fraught and dangerous and insecure," Henman said.
President Obama was speaking at a campaign even in Cleveland, Ohio today, which was enough for the Romney campaign, which also happened to be in town, to pull a bit of a campaign prank: drive around the event in circles, honking the horn to drown out the Democrats.
RELATED: Oops? Obama Wins Poll On Republican Latino Outreach Site
It was not the people on the ground at the event that first noticed that the bus was making noise and circling, as the tweets that first came in were from reporters actually on the Romney bus, as Salon explains:
Several reporters on the bus tweeted with confusion, at first, why the bus seemed to be aimlessly circling in Ohio. Soon, the campaign's brilliant scheme revealed itself as they realized the bus — emblazoned with the Romney campaign's logo in giant letters — was circling the president's speech site and honking at Obama supporters. The president's talk doesn't begin until later this afternoon, but the move seemed to be an attempt to harass, distract or annoy attendees.
Obama supporters at the event that noticed the taunting reportedly responded by jeering the bus, and this went on for some time (but not while the President was actually speaking). The Obama campaign responded officially to the taunting:
“Campaigns are a reflection of their candidates, and let's remember that Mitt Romney themselves encouraged their campaign to engage in heckling just a few weeks ago,” said Danny Kanner, an Obama campaign spokesperson in an emailed statement, adding that “the American people deserve better than antics that are more at home in a second grade classroom than in a presidential campaign.”
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
An unedited photo of U.S. President Barack Obama making a speech Wednesday has gone viral and sparked Illuminati rumors. Since their first inauguration in 2008, people have made links between the president and the secret society bent on a new world order. Obama addressed the nation Wednesday from the Cross Hall of the White House about their plans for military action against the Islamic State, the militant group also known as ISIS. In a photo taken during their speech, a set of "horns" can be seen on top of Obama's head, due to the design of a curtain behind him.
People on social media were quick to make a connection between Obama and Illuminati based on the picture. In addition to the photo of Obama with “devil horns,” conspiracy theorists also noted that Obama has three syllables in their name, a triangle has three sides and 9/11 is three numbers. Thursday marked the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
These curtains revealed President Obama's devil horns: http://t.co/pJlA5MPufN pic.twitter.com/BACXUwwOYB — New York Magazine (@NYMag) September 12, 2014
Obama Had DEVIL HORNS During Their Speech about War with ISIS http://t.co/sXEfdSu9PV â€” Mark Dice (@MarkDice) September 11, 2014
Hey @TwitchyTeam did Usee the head of horns on Obama in this unedited photo from last night? #Antichrist #illuminati pic.twitter.com/tHZFTB7nL9 — 1984 BARACKOLYPSENOW (@CzarZellem) September 11, 2014
Conspiracists be like : Obama has 3 syllables. a triangle has 3 sides, 9/11 is 3 numbers, Illuminati is behind this, new world order... — Backatit Emmanuel (@xmmvnuxl16) September 11, 2014 Illuminati has 3 corners. Hitler has 6 letters. 6+3=9. Hitler says nein. Obama has 5 letters. 6+5= 11. Hitler + Obama caused 9/11 confirmed — Jurren (@WiKKiD_) September 12, 2014 President Barack Obama "President" has 9 letters "Barack Obama" has 11 letters 9/11 = September 11th Wake up, America! #Illuminati — Vincento (@VincentVChen) September 12, 2014
The numbers 3, 9 and 11 have very special meaning to the Illuminati, according to Milton William Cooper, author of “Secret Societies/New World Order." "The numbers 3, 7, 9,11,13, 33, 39. Any multiple of these numbers have special meaning to the Illuminati. Notice that the Bilderberg Group has a core of 39 members who are broken into 3 groups of 13 members in each group,” Cooper wrote.
The Bilderberg Group in 1954 had their first meeting and members reportedly include some of the most powerful people in the world who control its resources. “Notice that the core of 39 answers to the 13 who make up the Policy Committee. Take special notice that the 13 members of the Policy Committee answer to the Round Table of Nine. You know that the original number of states in the United States of America was 13. The Constitution has 7 articles and was signed by 39 members of the Constitutional Convention,” Cooper wrote.
Hurt Locker: The Lost Boys
Chronicles of Darkness, Open Development
So, yesterday I posted psychic vampires. I posted a few templates a while ago, and last week I posted two more. I forgot, there was one other. Fortunately, someone reminded me. You see, when I initially posted the Hurt Locker outline, way back when, I mentioned wanting to see a sort of “super soldier” group. I had a thing ready, but I wanted to retool it to distance it from Deviant, since this was all planned before Deviant was a thing.
I've done the retooling. I have this final group to present to you. We call them The Lost Boys.
From a design standpoint, there's a foundation here. There's some story. They're sympathetic. There's background. But they're not very specific. This is because I wanted a nice range of possibilities with these templates. Some are very tied to their stories and themes. Some are looser, and basically begging to be adapted to your chronicles as something more specific of your design. I already had one person tell me that he's going to be using my psychic vampires from yesterday as the foundation for a Jedi group in their upcoming Star Wars game. That's awesome to hear, and exactly the kind of thing I hoped would happen. These Lost Boys? They're ready for your retooling. They work on their own, but they could be a foundation for an entire chronicle.
And since I couldn't come up with more appropriate featured art, yesterday I featured Edvard Munch. It was kind of topical. Today, it'll be Eduardo Arroyo, a favorite of mine. I don't think this is at all topical. But if you can find a way to retroactively explain why I chose it, leave a comment.
A 12-year-old girl was arrested and booked into juvenile detention after they allegedly pinched a boy's butt in school during what they described as a popular game at their Florida school.
The girl is facing misdemeanor battery charges after the incident at Milwee Middle School, which is outside Orlando, and was reportedly read their Miranda Rights, put in the back of a patrol car and later charged.
“Lord, lord, lordy. . . what has this world come to?” asked the girl's father, whose first name is Ray. “Kids can't even be kids, and that's basically what it is. She's 12 years old, they were acting like a 12-year-old child.” Fox News typically neither names minors charged with crimes, nor reveals the last names of their parents, to fully protect the identities.
The boy's mother apparently disagrees, ClickOrlando.com reported. The boy reportedly told the school's resource deputy that they did not want to press any charges. The accused, who said they didn't know the boy, was suspended. The boy's mother, however, asked that the girl be prosecuted for battery.
“I regret it,” the girl reportedly said in an interview. “I didn't know it'll lead to this.”
Authorities said the pinching incident occurred in March. KABC reported that the state attorney said the charge will be dismissed once the girl completes a diversion program that includes community service and a drug test.
The girl's father offered some parenting advice to the boy's mother.
“I'm sorry my kid touched your kid. But I'm sorry because you need some help, I think -- too overprotective -- let your kid be your kid. They might get some friends, and that's all I have to say.”
First it was the US, then Germany blamed much of what is wrong in society on "fake news", and not, say, a series of terrible decisions made by politicians. Now it is Italy's turn to call for an end to "fake news", which in itself would not be troubling, however, the way Giovanni Pitruzzella, head of the Italian competition body, demands the European Union "cracks down" on what it would dub "fake news" is nothing short of a total crackdown on all free speech, and would give local governments free reign to silence any outlet that did not comply with the establishment propaganda.
In an interview with the FT, Pitruzzella said the regulation of false information on the internet was best done by the state rather than by social media companies such as Facebook, an approach taken previously by Germany, which has demanded that Facebook end "hate speech" and has threatened to find the social network as much as €500K per "fake" post.
Pitruzzella, head of the Italian competition body since 2011, said "EU countries should set up independent bodies — co-ordinated by Brussels and modeled on the system of antitrust agencies — which could quickly label fake news, remove it from circulation and impose fines if necessary."
In other words, a series of unelected bureaucrats, unaccountable to anyone, would sit down and between themselves decide what is and what isn't "fake news", and then, drumroll, "remove it from circulation." On the other hand, coming one week after Obama give Europe the green light to engage in any form of censorship and halt of free speech that it desires, when the outgoing US president voted into law the "Countering Disinformation And Propaganda Act", it should come as no surprise that a suddenly emboldened Europe is resorting to such chilling measures.
So with Europe on the verge of rolling out unbridled censorship, here is the strawman used to justify it.
“Post-truth in politics is one of the drivers of populism and it is one of the threats to our democracies,” Pitruzzella told the FT. “We have reached a fork in the road: we have to choose whether to leave the internet like it is, the wild west, or whether it needs rules that appreciate the way communication has changed. I think we need to set those rules and this is the role of the public sector.”
Translation: it will soon be up to Brussles to decide what content on the Internet is appropriate for broad European consumption, because unless a bureaucrat intervenes "fake news" will lead to even more populism and not, say, years of failed political reform, and central bank decisions.
In short, it's all the internet's fault that Europe's legacy political system is reeling from an unprecedented anti-establishment backlash, which has nothing to do with, well, anything else.
As the FT notes, Pitruzzella's call comes amid growing concern over the impact of fake news on politics in western democracies, including in this year's UK Brexit vote and the US election. In Germany, which faces parliamentary elections in 2017, the government is planning a law that would impose fines of up to €500,000 on social media companies for distributing fake news.
Allies of Matteo Renzi, the former prime minister, have also complained that fake news contributed to their defeat in the December referendum on constitutional reform, which led to their resignation, even though they lost by a wide 20-percentage point margin. At least they haven't blamed Russian hackers... yet.
So even assuming limiting free speech is the answer, why not force potential offenders to companies to police themselves?
Well, according to Pitruzzella it would be inappropriate to leave this task to social media self-regulation. “Platforms like Facebook have created great benefits for people and customers: they are doing their part as an economic entity in adopting policies to modify their algorithms to reduce this phenomenon”, they said. “But it is not the job of a private entity to control information. This is historically the job of public powers. They have to guarantee that information is correct. We cannot delegate this completely.”
We know of at least one Italian who would agree.
And just like the person shown above, Pitruzzella dismissed concerns that setting up state agencies to monitor fake news would introduce a form of censorship, saying people could “continue using a free and open internet”... as long as all the members of the "open" internet agreed with what the agencies determined to be true and undisputed. But they said there would be a benefit in that there would be a public “third party” — independent of the government — to “intervene quickly if public interests were harmed”.
At the moment, the only way that fake news can be tackled — at least in Italy — is through the judicial system, which is notoriously clunky. “Speed is a critical element,” Pitruzzella said, so what is the solution? Why a Ministry of Truth of course.
The anti-establishment Five-Star Movement is often labelled as the main facilitator of fake news in Italy, through the blog of its founder, the comedian Beppe Grillo, and a network of other websites affiliated to the party. But Pitruzzella declined to cite them as the main culprits. “I don't know if this is true, I would not want to criticise anyone, not even the Five-Star Movement. But I believe that if there aren't any rules then many can take advantage of this.”
Of course, once free speech is censored, Pitruzzella will have no problem with no only criticizing anyone who disagrees with him, but promptly shutting down their freedom of speech on the net.
More than 100 Ottawa residents gave their feedback Tuesday night about Ontario's plans to try a different approach to alleviating poverty with guaranteed incomes.
Carissa Davis finds the current social assistance system too focused on policing people's finances. They believe a guaranteed income would empower mothers like them to improve their situations and not risk having benefits clawed back. (Kate Porter/CBC) "We have an opportunity to right a system that is, in my opinion, quite broken," said Carissa Davis, a single mother who attended the consultation session on Coventry Road.
They find the current social assistance model overly bureaucratic and more focused on policing people's incomes than empowering them to break a cycle and get out of poverty.
Davis is excited that Ontario is looking at the idea of offering individuals a basic income, set at amounts higher than what the government provides for those on Ontario Works or disability support payments.
The concept is that if people have a secure income, and see less money clawed back, they will be able to feed their families healthier foods and have more incentive to find work or get more education.
"I think this is such an amazing opportunity to really do something that can lift people further ahead," said Davis.
Segal report provided basis for consultation
Government officials have been travelling the province for the last two months, asking about who should be eligible for a guaranteed income, how much money they should receive, and which communities should act as test sites.
They're working from recommendations made to the Ontario government by former Conservative senator Hugh Segal.
They suggested Ontario provide people with a basic income of about $1,320 per month, with an extra $500 for those on disability.
Segal also suggested the idea be tested over three years in three communities — a northern one with a commodities-based economy, a southern one with no major government employer, and a First Nation — as well as in a neighbourhood of a big city.
"Hugh Segal presented us with, I guess, a pretty ambitious plan," community services minister Helena Jaczek told CBC News on Tuesday.
But Jaczek said the premier and Liberal government are committed to rolling out some form of pilot project to gather data over three years.
Anti-poverty activists want increase to social assistance now
Some anti-poverty groups, however, are calling for immediate increases to Ontario Works and Ontario disability support rates.
Members of the advocacy group Ottawa ACORN say they don't want to wait three years for the results of a study about implementing guaranteed incomes. They called on the Ontario government to increase social assistance rates immediately. (Kate Porter/CBC) The advocacy group ACORN made that demand at the outset of Ottawa's session on Tuesday, as other groups have at basic income consultations in other cities
Minister Jaczek acknowledged to CBC News that the current rates — an individual on welfare receives a maximum of about $700 per month — are too low.
"We know that the current system is not necessarily serving people well," said Jaczek.
"So while this is a [basic income] pilot and we're going to wait for evidence over three years and so on, we are going ahead and making sure we're looking at the current system and going to try to improve it."
Jaczek said they will address some issues that have been raised in the upcoming provincial budget.
As for the basic income pilot, the public can still provide their comments to the government online until Jan. 31.
Ontario is supposed to present details of how and where it would roll out by April.
Central Intelligence Agency photo (AFP Photo/Saul Loeb)
A CIA inquiry has cleared spy agency employees of wrongdoing in a dispute with the Senate Intelligence Committee over allegations CIA officials inappropriately accessed documents prepared by Senate investigators probing the agency's use of brutal interrogation techniques.
In a statement issued by the CIA on Wednesday, the head of the inquiry, former U.S. Senator Evan Bayh, said an “Agency Accountability Board” which they chaired at the request of CIA Director John Brennan had found that “no discipline was warranted” for five agency employees.
However, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who chaired the Intelligence Committee during its investigation of the CIA's post-September 11, 2001 detention and interrogation program, expressed dissatisfaction with the inquiry's result.
“I'm thankful that Director Brennan has apologized for these actions, but I'm disappointed that no one at the CIA will be held responsible,” Feinstein, now the committee's vice chair, said in a statement.
Feinstein has previously accused the CIA of inappropriately spying on the investigation by the Intelligence Committee, which is charged with oversight of U.S. intelligence agencies.
During the Intelligence Committee's years-long investigation into the CIA's use of what it called “enhanced interrogation” techniques, the CIA set up a special computer network which it used to provide Senate investigators with access to millions of pages of records of the agency's day-to-day activities.
At one point, Bayh said, CIA officials launched an investigation into a possible “security breach” on the network and got access to five emails generated by Congressional investigators.
Bayh said that while their inquiry found that the CIA's accessing of the material was “clearly inappropriate, it was a mistake that did not reflect malfeasance, bad faith or the intention to gain improper access to (Senate Committee)… confidential, deliberative material.”
Bayh said that “no discipline was warranted” for the five CIA employees whose conduct their board reviewed.
They recommended changes in how the CIA handled data networks shared between two independent branches of government, as well as other bureaucratic reforms. The CIA said it had accepted Bayh's recommendations.
(Reporting By Mark Hosenball; editing by Warren Strobel and Andrew Hay)
At age three, Donna Lynne Champlin started tap lessons. At seven they were tickling the ivories. They mastered the flute at nine and was singing professionally by eleven.
“I was that kid,” chirps Champlin. “I liked talking with my teachers about Broadway.”
So it's not surprising that their costarring role in the CW's tuneful comedy Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, now in its second season, is nothing short of a dream.
The series — about Manhattan lawyer Rebecca Bunch (star, creator and executive producer Rachel Bloom), who stalks their secret crush, Josh (Vincent Rodriguez III), to West Covina, California — comes complete with fantastical, full-blown musical moments.
Champlin plays Paula, Rachel's needy bestie who tries to help their eccentric friend land their man. Along the way, they get to dance and belt out some of the show's original songs, like the martyr's anthem “After Everything I Have Done for You.”
“Paula is how I used to be before I got lots of therapy,” says Champlin, wry but serious. “She's a very kind, giving person, but unfortunately they are insecure and has no boundaries.”
Born and raised in Rochester, New York, Champlin depended on the practical guidance they received from their mom, a technical writer, and dad, a chemist for Kodak. “They told me I needed to be dedicated.” They are.
After graduating from Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon, the four-time national tap champion made their Broadway debut in James Joyce's The Dead, followed by parts in By Jeeves, Sweeney Todd (in which they played the accordion, piano and flute) and Billy Elliot. In 2007, they won an Obie for their turn as mother Cora in William Inge's The Dark at the Top of the Stairs.
Before Ex-Girlfriend, Champlin's TV work included guest spots on Law & Order, Younger and The Good Wife. When they were called to read for Paula, they knew she'd found a kindred spirit in Bloom. “There's no ego with her.” On the set, “it's always about the story and how can we do this together.”
Nowadays Champlin's not going Hollywood hip. A wild night involves playing board games with their husband, actor Andrew Arrow, and their five-year-old son, Charlie. “We teach them about atoms. We're super-nerdy.”
As tens of thousands of people across Spain took to the streets on Sunday to protest against the government's education and health care spending cuts, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy issued a defiant statement saying they would continue with their reform agenda.
Speaking at the Popular Party's Madrid regional congress, Rajoy told delegates: “There will be reforms announced this Friday, and every Friday after that, and they will be major reforms.”
They continued: “I understand perfectly. A lot of people cannot understand the decisions that I am taking at the moment. But the problem is the crisis, unemployment, the recession, and disordered public finances. We have to make structural changes and to take root and branch measures.”
The Rajoy government has introduced stinging austerity measures in its first three months in office. Unemployment has continued to rise in Spain, and is at a euro-zone high of 24.4 percent. More than half of Spaniards under 25 years old are jobless. On Friday Rajoy announced a new set of tax hikes to come into effect next year, saying they had “no alternative.”
“I know that tax rises were not part of our electoral program, and we will try to avoid this in the future,” Rajoy said. “We have done our best to make sure that the biggest burden falls to those who are best off.” Their comments came after regional premier Esperanza Aguirre was re-elected president of the Madrid division of the PP by 97 percent of the vote. They were the only candidate.
Protestors in Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao, Valencia and many other regional capitals carried banners urging Rajoy not to “mess around with health and education.”
Speaking at a demonstration in Madrid, Cayo Lara, a member of Congress for the United Left party, accused the government of using the financial crisis as an excuse to sell off essential public services to the private sector.
Speaking at a rally of their party's youth wing in Madrid, Socialist Party leader Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba described the Prime Minister as “the last of the Mohicans,” accusing them of blindly implementing austerity policies that are pushing Spain's economy further into depression.
Predicting Socialist François Hollande would win the second round of the French presidential elections, Rubalcaba said that when they did, they would begin measures aimed at restoring growth.
They accused Rajoy of pushing ahead spending cuts “for ideological reasons.”
The impasse over the Senate and House of Representatives' version of the 2018 national' budget has been resolved, with both chambers agreeing that the bulk of the P50.7 billion worth of the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) projects would be restored.
“The good news is (the impasse) has been broken,” House Appropriations Committee Chairman Davao City Representative Karlo Nograles said on Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENT
“(Last Monday), we came into an agreement that the budget cuts that were done by the Senate particularly on DPWH will no longer push through based on our meetings so that will not carry in the Bicameral Committee version,” Nograles said in a television interview.
Lacson, vice chairperson of the Senate finance committee, proposed the P50 billion cut from the DPWH budget due to unresolved right-of-way (ROW) issues, which the plenary in the Senate approved.
According to Lacson, unresolved ROW issues were the “main culprit” for the DPWH's “huge unused appropriations.”
The senator pointed out that there were also “John Does” and even “Unknown” claimants in the list of claimants who will be paid for the ROW.
“We're finalizing still but much of the P50.7-B cut will be restored. So we're looking at probably, maybe P4 billion to be cut,” Nograles said.
The two chambers are aiming to finalize and approve the proposed P3.767-trillion national budget so it could be sent to Malacañang on or before December 19 for President Rodrigo Duterte's signature.
The differences were ironed out after the DPWH and Department of Budget and Management (DBM) defended the retention of the budget.
“I think Monday the DBM and DPWH were able to explain very well that these were part of the Build Build Build program of the Duterte administration,” Nograles said.
Had the Congress pursued the DPWH budget cut, Nograles said it would greatly affect the infrastructure programs of the Duterte administration.
ADVERTISEMENT
The bicameral committee also agreed to realign the P900 million budget of the anti-illegal drug campaign of the Philippine National Police (PNP) to the National Housing Authority (NHA) to fund housing projects for the military and police.
Also included in the amendments to the budget is the allocation of P20 billion to accommodate the increase in the salaries of soldiers, police officers, and other members of the uniformed service. /kga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Interviews with Paul Thomas Anderson are still cropping up left and right as he's out in the public eye doing promotion for Inherent Vice, and we're not complaining. In a couple of new talks, the director expressed their enthusiasm for Edge of Tomorrow, a film we felt strongly about last year, and also talked about the process of choosing the excellent collection of music that brings additional life to Inherent Vice.
First up, Dazed talked to PTA, and that conversation drifted to the subject of Edge of Tomorrow, which starred the director's Magnolia co-star (and Oscar nominee) Tom Cruise.
Did you see Edge Of Tomorrow? It's fucking great. And no one went to see that movie. That was Cruise at their best. You watch Tom Cruise, and you say ‘There's no one else that can do that.' There's not a moment when you say, ‘I could see someone else playing that part.' It never occurs to you. There's only one man that can do this, and it's Tom Cruise.
Meanwhile, Inherent Vice just hit the UK this past weekend, and Little White Lies has a big interview with Anderson to promote the local release. That interview goes into a lot of detail about Anderson's adaptation of Thomas Pynchon's novel, and talks about the idea of PTA shooting digital. (“Film is what worked for this film. I have a fear of the unknown. I've spent a long time trying to learn one camera, and to fucking stop and try to learn another one… I would have to stop for 20 years! I'm a slow learner; I'd have to go through the manual… it would be starting over.”)
Some of the best conversation in that interview is about the film's music.
Lawyers for three families who sheltered Edward Snowden in Hong Kong say they have formally asked the Canadian government to grant them asylum.
They issued a statement Thursday saying that the families want to move to Canada because they face persecution in Hong Kong.
Snowden fled to Hong Kong to avoid prosecution over the leak of classified material about the U.S. government's surveillance programs.
A congressional inquiry into the former U.S. National Security Agency contractor concluded that they compromised national security by the leaks.
The families that sheltered me have formally filed for asylum in Canada. Let us pray Canada protects them in kind. <a href="https://t.co/1tgzABBCZj">https://t.co/1tgzABBCZj</a> —@Snowden
The families have been publicly quoted as saying they hid Snowden in their apartments for weeks in 2013 before they went to Russia.
Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen's office did not immediately respond to an email on the matter.
'It's up to Canada now to do the right thing'
A statement posted on the website of "For the Refugees," a group set up to help the families, said it's critical for Canada to act quickly.
"These families, including three young and stateless children, face persecution in Hong Kong and in their home countries," the statement said.
"We are encouraged by Prime Minister Trudeau's commitment in taking a clear lead internationally in welcoming refugees," Canadian lawyer Marc-Andre Seguin said in the statement.
"It's up to Canada now to do the right thing," they said.
Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden remains in exile in Russia. They have been charged with espionage in the U.S. and could face 30 years in prison. (Brendan McDermid/Reuters)
The lawyers said they filed refugee claims in January and are calling on Hussen to do what they can to speed up the applications.
Snowden remains in exile in Russia. They have been charged with espionage in the U.S. and could face 30 years in prison.
VIDEO Edward Snowden talks surveillance at McGill University
Their lawyer has said they want to return to the United States, if they could be guaranteed a fair trial.
On Twitter, Snowden said: "The families that sheltered me have formally filed for asylum in Canada. Let us pray Canada protects them in kind."
Rolf Harris sex abuse trial told entertainer groped girl when they asked for autograph after concert
Updated
Rolf Harris's sex abuse trial has heard emotional testimony from a woman who says the entertainer assaulted them when they asked for their autograph when they were just seven or eight years old.
The woman said they were excited and smiling as they approached Harris for an autograph at their local community centre near Portsmouth, in southern England, after they had performed their hit song Two Little Boys.
Out of nowhere, they said, they put their hand down their back and between their legs.
They told the jury of six women and six men that the television star then did it a second time.
Fighting back tears the witness said they "wasn't the same child" after the incident.
Harris's defence counsel suggested the entertainer had never been to the community centre in question.
The 84-year-old is facing 12 counts of indecently assaulting four girls between the late 1960s and mid 1980s.
They deny all of the charges.
Witness says Harris evokes physical reaction 40yrs after assault
Another woman told the London court that 40 years after they allegedly groped them they still have a physical reaction whenever they see them on television.
The woman said they were 13 or 14 and working at a celebrity event in Cambridge when they heard a strange sound.
They said they found Harris on all fours barking at a dog, playing up to a crowd.
The witness said after that Harris approached them and ran their hand up and down their back and then began to grope them buttocks.
They said they still could not bear to see any image of Harris.
They rejected the defence's suggestion that if the event happened it was not Harris who touched them
Earlier this week the London court heard allegations from a separate woman who said they had been abused by Harris over a 16-year period.
The woman, who said the abuse first began when they were on a holiday with the Harris family as a 13-year-old, is the main complainant. Seven of the 12 charges stem from their allegations.
Harris does not deny that the pair had a sexual relationship, but insists that it began when the woman was 18.
Their defence earlier in the week told the court that the pair had a "sexual chemistry".
However, the woman denies this, and has told the court their alcoholism stems from Harris's abuse.
Topics: sexual-offences, law-crime-and-justice, courts-and-trials, united-kingdom, australia
First posted
A collaboration of French stars from three different mediums, Last Man brings together the gifted animator Balak, Bastien Vivès, the much heralded comics creator, and Michaël Sanlaville, a rising talent in game design, for a manga influenced, tournament-based martial arts adventure that's been all the rage in their native country.
The planned 12 volume series, 6 of which have been published, was recently awarded the Prix de la Serie at Angoulême this year, highlighting the popular and critical acclaim of the series overseas. Last Man centers on Adrian Velba, a 12 year old boy enrolled in Battle School whose highest ambition is to participate in the annual tournament sponsored by the King and Queen. After the sudden departure of their required partner, Adrian faces having to wait another year to compete, until a mysterious loner named Richard Aldana, who is also in need of a partner, crosses their path. This unlikely pair, and how they turn the tournament and city on its ear, makes up much of the excellent first volume, entitled “The Stranger”, which sees English-language publication from First Second on March 31st.
I was fortunate enough to chat with these three creators in the lead-up to its release in the U.S.:
You began working on Last Man in 2013, what was the origin of the project and how was the creative nucleus of this ensemble formed?
Balak: Bastien and I have known each other for 12 years. We hung out at the same message board, catsuka.com<http://catsuka.com/>, chatting about comics, Japanese animation and well-endowed women, the usual geeky stuff. Then we went to the same animation school in Paris, Gobelins, where we met Michael. Bastien and Mic got along well and quit the school to make comics. Years later, Bastien told me he'd like to make a comic book with eveything we like in it: cool one-liners, great adventure with a manga-ish epic feel, larger than life characters and larger than life natural breasts. In short: The very reason Art exists. The catch is that we wanted to do it the manga-way: to draw 20 pages a week and publish 3 books a year. So we had to be a three-person team, well organized, and say goodbye to any social life for a few years. It seemed like a cool project, so here we are.
While reading the first volume, I was reminded of my time perusing some of my favorite mangas, including that of the shounen variety, was that an influence…or more specifically, was there a particular type of action-based storytelling that informed this series?
Balak: Yes, that was the reason Bastien asked me and Mic to join in the first place. They know we're avid manga readers since forever. Basically, we wanted to have this very calibrated shounen feel that we love in the first books, and put our little twist on it: What if John McClane was thrown into a Dragon Ball tournament? We mixed the two things we loved: manga and US action movies we watched as kids. This stuff made us who we are today, for better and worse. Last Man is the result of this.
Last Man looks to have a fairly wide audience appeal, particularly in terms of age, what is it about tournament stories that seem the draw the younger audience?
Balak: Even the worst Hollywood script doctor would tell you that story is about conflict. A tournament is the core of the most basic, comprehensive storytelling. You've got a hero you're rooting for: they want to win the cup, and everyone wants the same thing as well. The premise is simple, almost visceral. That's why manga of this type are popular, they manage to convey all characters burning will to win and emotions; each battle is a story in itself. But when we say it's simple, it doesn't mean “simplistic.” Keeping things simple is hard, there is an unnoticeable elegance to it that is very difficult to achieve.
Were there any story elements in particular that you implemented or had to adjust in order to attract younger readers?
Balak: Not at all, we just did things as we pleased. The only thing we naturally refrained was sex. It can be sexy, but you don't have anything too graphic.
Describe a typical day in the creative process for the series, were you all huddled in a room together planning out the beats of the story or was it more segmented?
Balak: “A quiet mayhem” is the best expression that could sum up our typical day and creative process. We don't write much like a regular script. Bastien puts down their ideas on 10 or 15 pages for the book to come. Mic and I read it, then we discuss it, have several meetings, decide what is changing, what would be better. I take quick notes on a paper towel and I directly draw the 20 first pages of storyboard, come up with dialogues ideas, new situations. Each Monday, we discuss what the next 20 pages will be about, while Bastien and Mic draw the previous pages, 10 each. It's not very kosher, and it's quite exhausting, but it's what keeps our ideas fresh and our motivation going. If we had the classic “here is the script, then we do the whole storyboard, then we can draw the whole thing,” it wouldn't work for us. With our method, it feels very organic, we are constantly reacting on each others pages, at any time.
There's a fascinating sense of culture combination in this first volume, with a setting that resembles pre-Revolutionary era France but with Eastern traditions sprinkled throughout. What is it that makes these two very different cultures mesh so well together?
Balak: To be honest, we didn't put a lot of thoughts into this culture mix. We just drew what seemed right to us, the French medieval thing is a part of our culture, we just put a martial art in it not thinking twice if it would match or not… It seemed obvious to us!
Bastien, you've had a few of your comics translated into English into the past, how has the translation process for Last Man compared? Has it been relatively smooth overall or have any pieces of dialogue had to be changed outright?
Bastien: My English is not very good, so I can't really tell!!! But I think First Seconds did a good job!
Balak: The translation is very good, some cultural, typical French things are well adapted to an English audience. The main difference is that the French version is filled with cursing and very bad language that the English version is toned down a little . . . Aldana is even ruder in French!
For Balak and Michael, was the transition into comics a difficult one from the work you're used to, or is there a natural handover from gaming and animation into sequential art?
Balak: I always wanted to draw comics. That's the very first thing I wanted to do as a kid, so it's not an issue at all. Sometime I'm a little frustrated by the page constraint, the fact that you can't surprise the reader anytime you want, you have to take care of the double spread, keep your surprises for the first panel of the left page. . . . But it's fun. I tried to get rid of this by creating something called Turbomedia, a way to make digital comics. You can see how it works by looking up Marvel's Infinite Comics line, I've worked with them on this. Or even better, check the great Mark Waid's Insufferable, at Thrillbent.com. It's cool. (Yes, that was a shameless plug.)
Do you see Richard Aldana as a character to be admired or one to be pitied? Is it somewhere in the middle?
Balak: You pinpointed Richard. He's right in the middle. He's a badass, he's looking cool and cracking jokes, but you wouldn't want their life. But don't try to show them pity, they would punch you in the face. Or walk away with a burning one-liner that would hurt you even more. Or both at the same time, if you're not lucky.
Will Richard's background play a bigger part going forward in the next chapters being released this year?
Balak: Yes, a big, BIG part. We're even making a whole animated TV show about Richard's past. It will be out in 2016 in France. It will be dark, violent and funny.
When you're writing the dialogue of a child Adrian's age, how difficult is it to find a right tone of voice that sounds natural?
Balak: Adrian's way of talking is mostly Bastien's. He's kept is inner ten year-old child very close. It seems very easy for him. When I'm writing Adrian's dialogues, it almost always sounds wrong.
Last Man was incredibly well received in your home country, to the point that it won the Prix de la Serie at Angoulême. What was the first thing that went through each of your minds winning such a prestigious honor?
Balak: I should've dressed better for this.
Bastien: It's very good to feel supported in your country.
Balak: (Bastien tries to look tough and all, but they cried on stage. Really.)
Mic: It happened quite fast, I think I haven't realized yet what it means. . . . To me, this prize goes out to all the great Japanese manga artists that inspired me to draw, and are still unknown to the wide audience for the most part. . . . But things are changing, so that's good.
At what point was First Second the natural choice to bring Last Man to the states?
Balak: Mark Siegel gets the book totally, it seems that everybody there genuinely loves what they are publishing. We're proud to be surrounded by all these other great books.
Beyond the translation of Books 2 and 3 this year, what's next for the series? I understand there are other media plans. How is that process coming along? Is it possible I'll be playing as Richard Aldana in a video game soon?
Balak: Hopefully, it should happen this very year! We're producing our own video game, called Last Fight. It's kind of like Power Stone, you can check it out here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLFxFKmqYDs If everything goes smoothly, it will be released in September. And as I've said previously, the animated TV show about Richard's past is scheduled to next year. On each project, we have a very close look on the whole creative process.
What can/should your American readers look out for in Books 2 and 3? Any major surprises you can tease?
Balak: I can guarantee you some surprises . . . I can only say that you won't stay into King's Valley too long.
You can pick up Last Man Vol 1: The Stranger this coming Tuesday, March 31st from First Second at a book retailer near you.
Entertainment Editor for The Beat covering film, television and the occasional comic book. Their work can also be found at GeekRex.com and can be heard on the GeekRex podcast. They really love the Legion of Super-Heroes a lot.
Like this: Like Loading...
You might assume that all web traffic is generated by actual people browsing the internet, but actually you would be wrong. In fact, statistically the human race is now a minority on the internet. Does this mean your pets are browsing the internet while you're asleep? No! What it does mean is that now a days, bots are generating more internet traffic than humans.
Many people assume that bots are only around for negative reasons and get worried when they realise that over 60% of traffic online is created by bots. It is important to realise that online bots exist for all sorts of reasons – for search engine crawling for example.
The Incapsula Report
Image Credit
Incapsula is a company that helps websites manage their traffic and security. They spent a number of months in 2013 analysing activity across a number of its websites. This showed that less than 40% of all traffic to these sites was human. It can only be assumed that this trend is one that is continued across the rest of the internet – but is this a bad thing? Incapsula think not!
Report author, Igal Zeifman said that while the number of bots is up from last year, it's not all spammers and hackers. “The bulk of that growth is attributed to increased visits by good bots,” they said. Bingbot and Googlebot are both good bots that help the search engines find new sites.
This means that search engines are effectively working harder than ever to make sure that they're indexing new websites and ensuring websites are listed as they should be.
The likes of Google are always changing algorithms and adjusting how their search engines rank websites, because they want to give users the best experience possible. Bots scan the internet regularly to make sure that the websites they are listing are up to date and accurate. However, not all bots are working for good reasons.
Image Credit
The Report's Findings
As part of the report Incapsula looked at nearly 1.5 billion bot visits. To get a fair analysis they spread this out across 20,000 websites in 249 countries. Marc Gaffan (co-founder of Incapsula) told ABC News “It's a good representation of what's going on out there [in the Internet]. It ranges [in size] from tiny personal sites to large healthcare, financial, and retail sites.”
The good news is that the number of spam bots has decreased since 2012 – and they now account for less than 1 percent of internet activity. It is thought that this is down to recent Google algorithm changes, as the search engine has done quite a lot to reduce spam and discourage link spamming tactics.
Websites Don't Realise The Danger
Image Credit
The number of bots dedicated to spamming might have been reduced, but that doesn't mean that these hits are risk free. With over 60% of all internet traffic coming from bots, you really need to be aware of what they are and the risk they have to your site. According to the report, one in 20 visitors is a hacking tool and 1 in 5 of all websites hits is some sort of impersonator. That is something that you do need to be aware of.
According to the six sigma there are bots that are pretending to be from well-known places so that they can gain your trust. Thewire publish article claiming that 51 percent of the total traffic are bots. You need to be aware of these, so that when you are looking at traffic to your website you get an accurate reading & you really know how well your marketing methods are working. By counting hits from bots you're not getting a reading as accurate as it could be.
Whether these hits are good or bad, it is quite something to realise that just 40% of all internet traffic is genuine, human traffic.What is perhaps even more alarming is that the statistic has risen from previous years and could possibly continue to rise. If it does then we could see ourselves in an online world where human traffic makes up just a tiny percentage of all online traffic and what that could mean is anyone's guess. It is something that we'll just have to wait and see – but it could certainly have very interesting consequences.
ECMAScript (or ES)[1] is a trademarked[2] scripting-language specification standardized by Ecma International in ECMA-262 and ISO/IEC 16262. It was created to standardize JavaScript, so as to foster multiple independent implementations. JavaScript has remained the best-known implementation of ECMAScript since the standard was first published, with other well-known implementations including JScript and ActionScript.[3] ECMAScript is commonly used for client-side scripting on the World Wide Web, and it is increasingly being used for writing server applications and services using Node.js.
History [ edit ]
The ECMAScript specification is a standardized specification of a scripting language developed by Brendan Eich of Netscape; initially it was named Mocha, later LiveScript, and finally JavaScript.[4] In December 1995, Sun Microsystems and Netscape announced JavaScript in a press release.[5] The first edition of ECMA-262 was adopted by the Ecma General Assembly in June 1997. Several editions of the language standard have been published since then. The name "ECMAScript" was a compromise between the organizations involved in standardizing the language, especially Netscape and Microsoft, whose disputes dominated the early standards sessions. Eich commented that "ECMAScript was always an unwanted trade name that sounds like a skin disease."[6]
While both JavaScript and JScript aim to be compatible with ECMAScript, they also provide additional features not described in the ECMA specifications.[7]
Versions [ edit ]
There are nine editions of ECMA-262 published. Work on version 9 of the standard was finalized in June 2018.[8]
Edition Date published Changes from prior edition Editor 1 June 1997 First edition Guy L. Steele Jr. 2 June 1998 Editorial changes to keep the specification fully aligned with ISO/IEC 16262 international standard Mike Cowlishaw 3 December 1999 Added regular expressions, better string handling, new control statements, try/catch exception handling, tighter definition of errors, formatting for numeric output and other enhancements Mike Cowlishaw 4 Abandoned Fourth Edition was abandoned, due to political differences concerning language complexity. Many features proposed for the Fourth Edition have been completely dropped; some were incorporated into the sixth edition. 5 December 2009 Adds "strict mode," a subset intended to provide more thorough error checking and avoid error-prone constructs. Clarifies many ambiguities in the 3rd edition specification, and accommodates behaviour of real-world implementations that differed consistently from that specification. Adds some new features, such as getters and setters, library support for JSON, and more complete reflection on object properties.[9] Pratap Lakshman, Allen Wirfs-Brock 5.1 June 2011 This edition 5.1 of the ECMAScript standard is fully aligned with third edition of the international standard ISO/IEC 16262:2011. Pratap Lakshman, Allen Wirfs-Brock 6 June 2015[10] The sixth edition, initially known as ECMAScript 6 (ES6) and later renamed to ECMAScript 2015 (ES2015)[10] adds significant new syntax for writing complex applications, including classes and modules, but defines them semantically in the same terms as ECMAScript 5 strict mode. Other new features include iterators and for / of loops, Python-style generators and generator expressions, arrow functions, binary data, typed arrays, collections (maps, sets and weak maps), promises, number and math enhancements, reflection, and proxies (metaprogramming for virtual objects and wrappers). As the first "ECMAScript Harmony" specification, it is also known as "ES6 Harmony." Allen Wirfs-Brock 7 June 2016[11] ECMAScript 2016 (ES2016)[11], the seventh edition, intended to continue the themes of language reform, code isolation, control of effects and library/tool enabling from ES2015, includes two new features: the exponentiation operator ( ** ) and Array.prototype.includes. Brian Terlson 8 June 2017[12] ECMAScript 2017 (ES2017), the eighth edition, includes features for concurrency and atomics, syntactic integration with promises (async/await).[13][12] Brian Terlson 9 June 2018[8] ECMAScript 2018 (ES2018), the ninth edition, includes features for asynchronous iteration and generators, new regular expression features and rest/spread parameters.[8] Brian Terlson
In June 2004, Ecma International published ECMA-357 standard, defining an extension to ECMAScript, known as ECMAScript for XML (E4X). Ecma also defined a "Compact Profile" for ECMAScript – known as ES-CP, or ECMA 327 – that was designed for resource-constrained devices, which was withdrawn in 2015.[14]
4th Edition (abandoned) [ edit ]
The proposed fourth edition of ECMA-262 (ECMAScript 4 or ES4) would have been the first major update to ECMAScript since the third edition was published in 1999. The specification (along with a reference implementation) was originally targeted for completion by October 2008.[15] An overview of the language was released by the working group on October 23, 2007.[16]
By August 2008, the ECMAScript 4th edition proposal had been scaled back into a project codenamed ECMAScript Harmony. Features under discussion for Harmony at the time included
Intent of these features was partly to better support programming in the large, and to allow sacrificing some of the script's ability to be dynamic to improve performance. For example, Tamarin – the virtual machine for ActionScript, developed and open sourced by Adobe – has just-in-time compilation (JIT) support for certain classes of scripts.
In addition to introducing new features, some ES3 bugs were proposed to be fixed in edition 4.[17][18] These fixes and others, and support for JSON encoding/decoding, have been folded into the ECMAScript, 5th Edition specification.[19]
Work started on Edition 4 after the ES-CP (Compact Profile) specification was completed, and continued for approximately 18 months where slow progress was made balancing the theory of Netscape's JavaScript 2 specification with the implementation experience of Microsoft's JScript .NET. After some time, the focus shifted to the ECMAScript for XML (E4X) standard. The update has not been without controversy. In late 2007, a debate between Eich, later the Mozilla Foundation's CTO, and Chris Wilson, Microsoft's platform architect for Internet Explorer, became public on a number of blogs. Wilson cautioned that because the proposed changes to ECMAScript made it backwards incompatible in some respects to earlier versions of the language, the update amounted to "breaking the Web,"[20] and that stakeholders who opposed the changes were being "hidden from view".[21] Eich responded by stating that Wilson seemed to be "repeating falsehoods in blogs" and denied that there was attempt to suppress dissent and challenged critics to give specific examples of incompatibility.[22] They pointed out that Microsoft Silverlight and Adobe AIR rely on C# and ActionScript 3 respectively, both of which are larger and more complex than ECMAScript Edition 3.[23]
5th Edition [ edit ]
Yahoo, Microsoft, Google, and other 4th edition dissenters formed their own subcommittee to design a less ambitious update of ECMAScript 3, tentatively named ECMAScript 3.1. This edition would focus on security and library updates with a large emphasis on compatibility. After the asupervisorstioned public sparring, the ECMAScript 3.1 and ECMAScript 4 teams agreed on a compromise: the two editions would be worked on, in parallel, with coordination between the teams to ensure that ECMAScript 3.1 remains a strict subset of ECMAScript 4 in both semantics and syntax.
However, the differing philosophies in each team resulted in repeated breakages of the subset rule, and it remained doubtful that the ECMAScript 4 dissenters would ever support or implement ECMAScript 4 in the future. After over a year since the disagreement over the future of ECMAScript within the Ecma Technical Committee 39, the two teams reached a new compromise in July 2008: Brendan Eich announced that Ecma TC39 would focus work on the ECMAScript 3.1 (later renamed to ECMAScript, 5th Edition) project with full collaboration of all parties, and vendors would target at least two interoperable implementations by early 2009.[24][25] In April 2009, Ecma TC39 published the "final" draft of the 5th edition and announced that testing of interoperable implementations was expected to be completed by mid-July.[26] On December 3, 2009, ECMA-262 5th edition was published.[27]
6th Edition - ECMAScript 2015 [ edit ]
The 6th edition, officially known as ECMAScript 2015, was finalized in June 2015.[10][28] This update adds significant new syntax for writing complex applications, including classes and modules, but defines them semantically in the same terms as ECMAScript 5 strict mode. Other new features include iterators and for / of loops, Python-style generators, arrow functions, binary data, typed arrays, collections (maps, sets and weak maps), promises, number and math enhancements, reflection, proxies (metaprogramming for virtual objects and wrappers) and template literals.[29][30] The complete list is extensive.[31]
7th Edition - ECMAScript 2016 [ edit ]
The 7th edition, officially known as ECMAScript 2016, was finalized in June 2016.[11] New features include the exponentiation operator (**), Array.prototype.includes.
8th Edition - ECMAScript 2017 [ edit ]
The 8th edition, officially known as ECMAScript 2017, was finalized in June 2017.[12] Includes async/await, which works using generators and promises. [13]
9th Edition - ECMAScript 2018 [ edit ]
The 9th edition, officially known as ECMAScript 2018, was finalized in June 2018.[8] New features include rest/spread properties, asynchronous iteration, Promise.prototype.finally() and additions to RegExp.[8]
ES.Next is a dynamic name that refers to whatever the next version is at time of writing. ES.Next features are more correctly called proposals, because, by definition, the specification has not been finalized yet.[citation needed]
Features [ edit ]
The ECMAScript language includes structured, dynamic, functional, and prototype-based features.[32]
Concise syntax [ edit ]
ES6 brought with it a new mode of defining functions, so-called "arrow functions."[33] In ES5, a function would be defined as such:
var readWikiArticle = function ( content ) { // Read it! }
Whereas in ES6, using the new concise arrow function syntax:
var readWikiArticle = ( content ) => { //Read article! }
Arrow functions also improve variable binding between functions.
Transpiling [ edit ]
Since ES 2015, transpiling JavaScript has become very common. Transpilation is a source to source compilation in which the newer versions of JavaScript are used in the user's source code and the transpiler rewrites them so that they are compliant with the current specification.[34] Usually, transpilers transpile down to ES3 to maintain compatibility with all versions of browsers. The settings to transpiling to a specific version can be configured according to need. Transpiling adds an extra step to the build process and sometimes to avoid that polyfills can be used as well. Polyfills allow adding extra functionalities by including another JavaScript file which adds those specific functionalities.
Conformance [ edit ]
In 2010, Ecma International started developing a standards test for Ecma 262 ECMAScript.[35] Test262 is an ECMAScript conformance test suite that can be used to check how closely a JavaScript implementation follows the ECMAScript 5th Edition Specification. The test suite contains thousands of individual tests, each of which tests some specific requirements of the ECMAScript specification.
Development of test262 is a project of Ecma Technical Committee 39 (TC39). The testing framework and individual tests are created by member organizations of TC39 and contributed to Ecma for use in Test262.
Important contributions were made by Google (Sputnik testsuite) and Microsoft who both contributed thousands of tests. The Test262 testsuite already contains more than 11,000 tests and is being developed further as of 2013 .
ECMAScript specifications through ES7 are well-supported in major web browsers. The table below shows the conformance rate for current versions of software with respect to the most recent editions of ECMAScript.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
ISO Standard
(CNN) -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested on an arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge, Swiss police said Sunday.
Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris, France, in June 2009.
The Academy Award-winning director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor, acknowledging they had sex with a 13-year-old girl, but fled the United States before they could be sentenced. U.S. authorities issued a warrant for their arrest in 1978.
They were taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday, Zurich police said.
Polanski, 76, has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if they enter the U.S. They declined to collect their Academy Award for Best Director in person when they won it for "The Pianist" in 2003.
They were en route to the Zurich Film Festival, which is holding a tribute to him, when they were arrested by Swiss authorities, the festival said.
Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "Tess" and "Chinatown," and for best writing for "Rosemary's Baby," which they also directed.
"Roman Polanski, who is one of the greatest film directors of all time, would have been honored for their life's work in Zurich today," the film festival said in a statement.
"However yesterday, on Saturday, they were taken into custody while attempting to enter Switzerland due to a request by U.S. authorities in connection with an arrest warrant from 1978."
The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "in provisional detention." But whether they can be extradited to the United States "can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised," a ministry spokesperson said in an e-mail.
"It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision," the spokesperson wrote. "Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice."
Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts, including intercourse, with them during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson's house. They were 43 at the time.
Nicholson was not at home, but their girlfriend at the time, actor Anjelica Huston, was.
According to a probation report contained in the filing, Huston described the victim as "sullen."
"She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25. They did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing," Huston said.
They added that Polanski did not strike them as the type of man who would force themselves on a young girl.
"I don't think he's a bad man," they said in the report. "I think he's an unhappy man."
Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor.
There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years, but the sticking point has always been Polanski's refusal to return to attend hearings.
Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "drugged and raped a 13-year-old child."
Polanski's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out, but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request.
In doing so, Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider their ruling if Polanski shows up in court.
Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski's case was handled years ago.
According to court documents, Polanski, their lawyer and the prosecutor thought they'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial.
But the original judge in the case, who is now dead, first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while they underwent psychological testing. Then, on the eve of their sentencing, the judge told attorneys they were inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days.
Polanski fled the United States for France, where they were born.
In the February hearing, Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried their public image would suffer if they didn't send Polanski to prison.
"It's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct," said Espinoza.
But they declined to dismiss the case entirely.
Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare.
Polanski's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out.
Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying, "I am no longer a 13-year-old child. I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim, have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception.
"Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court, great focus is made of me, my family, my mother and others. That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety, the continuation of the case."
Geimer, now 45, married and a mother of three, sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement. They long ago came forward and made their identity public -- mainly, they said, because they were disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled.
Following Espinoza's ruling earlier this year, Geimer's lawyer, Larry Silver, said they were disappointed and that Espinoza "did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption."
They argued in court that had "Mr. Polanski been treated fairly" their client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime.
Polanski was arrested two days after one of their wife's killers died.
The director's pregnant wife, actor Sharon Tate, and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "family" in August 1969. Polanski was filming in Europe at the time.
By their own admission, Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as they pleaded for mercy, stabbing the 26-year-old actor 16 times.
Atkins, 61, died Thursday. They had been suffering from terminal brain cancer.
CNN's Frederik Pleitgen and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report.
All About Sexual Offenses • Roman Polanski
A report from "CryptoHippie" (don't know anything about this person/group) has created an index to surveillance states, ranked from worst to best. What's especially notable about this report is its concise, intelligent definition of "Electronic Police States:"
The two crucial facts about the information gathered under an electronic
police state are these:
1. It is criminal evidence, ready for use in a trial.
2. It is gathered universally and silently, and only later organized for
use in prosecutions.
In an Electronic Police State, every surveillance camera recording, every
email you send, every Internet site you surf, every post you make, every
check you write, every credit card swipe, every cell phone ping... are all
criminal evidence, and they are held in searchable databases, for a long,
long time. Whoever holds this evidence can make you look very, very bad
whenever they care enough to do so. You can be prosecuted whenever
they feel like it - the evidence is already in their database.
Perhaps you trust that your ruler will only use their evidence archives to
hurt bad people. Will you also trust their successor? Do you also trust all of
their subordinates, every government worker and every police officer?
How likely is someone who gets treated for Ebola in the United States to die of the disease?
About two-thirds of the 2,387 people who'd contracted the disease before this year's outbreak died worldwide. The fatality rate of more than 14,000 people who have been infected with Ebola in West Africa this year is 71 percent. But eight of the nine people who have been treated for the disease in the U.S. have recovered and been released from the hospital. One person has died.
It's not obvious, even to statisticians and public-health experts, how to combine all this information.
One option is to treat all the cases the same, and calculate a single mortality rate for the virus, wherever it's being treated. That approach would leave the mortality rate estimate unchanged — nine people isn't enough to move the needle.
But that would ignore that these people have something important in common: being treated in the U.S. So another option is to assume Ebola treatment in the U.S. is so different than in West Africa — because of greater resources, earlier detection and a much smaller caseload — that the nine U.S. cases should be handled separately. That would leave you with an estimate of just an 11 percent mortality rate for Ebola in the U.S.
That approach isn't ideal, either, though. It discards all prior knowledge about the disease, and relies on a very small sample of cases.
“Most people would probably agree that the right way to do it is between those two extremes,” Andreas Handel, an assistant professor in epidemiology and biostatistics at the University of Georgia's College of Public Health, said in an email. They added: “My guess is if you ask 10 Bayesians (or statisticians/experts in general) you'll get about 10 different answers. There is no one right way of doing it.”
I didn't ask 10 experts, but I did ask a handful. They agreed there were plenty of reasons to think mortality from Ebola would be lower in countries with better-funded health-care systems — as is true for many diseases. “Cholera is a really strong example,” said Elizabeth Halloran, professor of biostatistics at the University of Washington's School of Public Health, in a telephone interview. “You shouldn't die of cholera, if you have rehydration therapy.” Yet cholera kills 100,000 to 120,000 people each year — many of whom didn't get effective rehydration therapy.
Bayesian statistics seemed like a promising option for estimating U.S. mortality, because it provides a framework for updating prior informed belief (mortality rate in prior outbreaks in the U.S. and elsewhere) with new information (the lower mortality rate in the U.S. in this outbreak).
“Bayes Theorem is a machine that tells you how to update what you knew before with what you know now,” said Lance A. Waller, professor of biostatistics at Emory University's Rollins School of Public Health, in a telephone interview.
Tony O'Hagan, emeritus professor of statistics at the University of Sheffield in the U.K., sent along a rough sketch of how a Bayesian would approach the problem. O'Hagan, who has written about using Bayes in health-outcomes research, started with the assumption that the Ebola mortality rate in the U.S. would be 30 percent, about half that in Africa — peppered with a liberal amount of uncertainty because it was essentially an educated guess. Then once they factored in the eight recoveries in nine U.S. cases, their estimate was of a mortality rate of 17 percent.
Waller offered some ideas for how to refine the analysis. What we want is a model that takes into account the individual attributes of each case when estimating the likelihood of death. Those attributes include age and health of the patient, time from first symptoms to start of treatment, training of medical staff and treatments used. What factors led to lower mortality in the U.S., and which can be replicated in the West African countries with climbing caseloads?
Building such a model would require detailed data not just on the nine U.S. patients, but on as many Ebola patients worldwide as possible. That data isn't always collected and compiled in a usable way, though — especially in an emergency treatment setting. “There's your dream set of data, and then there's the data you can get,” Waller said. “If the data you can get is not to the full extent of what you would like, then you have to fill in what is missing.”
On my Air Canada flight back from Calgary I was riveted by Thomas Keneally's probing piece in the Toronto Globe And Mail strongly asserting that the dreadful drought in Somalia, Ethiopia and parts of Kenya and accompanying famine are not the chief cause of the tragic deaths of so many Africans, especially children, in those African areas. Rather, Keneally, best known for their book "Schindler's List," believes the killing fields are due to tribal warfare, corruption in the distribution of foodstuffs and armed youth gangs, whose lives are merely "conflicts, raids, and molestation of citizens. Al-Shahab('the youth') --"not drought, that stands between the starving and the food," says Keneally. "It must be terrifying for the men, women and children now trying to get into Kenya to find themselves surrounded by militia men emerging from the thorn trees." The message; starvation is nearly always due more to politics and war--than just drought and the absence of water and food.
In 1848 Ireland it was occupation by the British who took for their own purposes, leaving the Irish to a potato starvation and the need to escape death by emigration. A different kind of tribal warfare. So, Harvard economist Amartya Sen looks wise in their comment that "No famine has ever taken place in the history of the world in a functioning democracy."
For energy investors, there's the controversial oil pipeline from t they Canadian tar sands all the way to Houston, Texas The Keystone Pipeline is a project opposed by Nebraska farmers particularly because it will run through the Ogallala Aquifier which is a massive underground supply of water which provides 78% of the water required ny Nebraska residents like Warren Buffett as well as 83% of the water used for irrigating farmers fields. The very compelling map in the Globe And Mail, Aug. 26-- which I have not seen in such detail in any American media sets the battle-lines; OIL VS WATER. You'll be hearing a great deal more about this issue as the world's population increases from 7 billion to 9 billion by 2040.
The Lubuntu team is running a bug day on Tuesday, July 26, 2016. It's a spin of a hug day.
We will have an Ubuntu On Air session on Monday, July 25, 2016 from 19 to 20 UTC. I will give a presentation for the first half, then for the second half, I will be joined by Walter Lapchynski and we will answer questions provided to us over IRC. I strongly recommend that you either attend the session or watch the archive, because we might answer a question that you have. To attend, go to ubuntuonair.com during the date/time I listed above.
What's a Hug day?
From the Ubuntu Bug Day wiki page:
“A Hug Day is a special day where the Ubuntu Community comes together with a shared goal of triaging bugs for a specific package or set of packages. Working together allows us to share knowledge and give some much-needed assistance to the Ubuntu Developers. The term Hug Day is a spin on Bug Day; every time someone triages a bug, then someone else should hug him/her. Why? This is a very special way for us to tell everyone that we love contributions! And triaging bugs is a really big contribution.”
What bugs are we targeting?
The Lubuntu team has a team called the Lubuntu Packages Team. It was created to help track all the bugs related to Lubuntu, and it is a very useful team for subscribing to all of the Lubuntu-related bugs. We would like to ensure that this team stays up to date with all the Lubuntu bugs, so we can make sure that our development team has an eye on them. To do this, we need to go through the following steps:
Find a bug that affects software preinstalled in Lubuntu. Triage the bug accordingly, and if it still exists in a reproducible state, subscribe the Lubuntu packages team. Add the bug to our known bugs list.
Where is the communication for this event happening?
Join the #lubuntu-devel channel on freenode, this is the Lubuntu team's IRC channel, and people will be around to help. If you don't have an IRC client, Kiwi IRC is a decent web client.
We hope to see you there!
This post has been adapted from the email that was sent to the lubuntu-devel list on Fri Jul 15 05:05:57 UTC 2016 by Simon Quigley.
The ad network used by Yahoo's biggest domains including Yahoo.com among other frequently visited websites was the target of a cybercriminal group to spread malware to hundreds of millions of Yahoo visitors.
Advertising across several of Yahoo's biggest domains including Yahoo.com and the company's sports, finance, celebrity and game domains is being used by malicious hackers of a cybercrime group to spread malware to millions of Yahoo visitors. The intrusion was discovered and elaborated upon by security firm Malwarebytes.
Yahoo has an estimated 6.9 billion visits per month on its homepage yahoo.com, making it a particularly appealing target for a large-scale malvertising campaign. Yahoo's ad network also extends to its most popular websites:
news.yahoo.com with 308.50 million monthly visits
finance.yahoo.com with 135 million monthly visits
sports.yahoo.com with 112.50 million monthly visits
celebrity.yahoo.com with 66.60 million monthly visits
games.yahoo.com with 43.40 million monthly visits
Malvertising campaigns are particularly troublesome because they do not need any user interaction with their malicious ads in order to execute their payload. The simple task of merely browsing a web site that contains the malicious advertisements is enough to trigger the infection.
Hundreds of Millions of Users at Risk from an Exploit Kit
“While there is no way to know for sure who may have been exposed to the rogue adverts, the sheer numbers thrown at the Yahoo pages could potentially mean high rates of infection. Many Malvertising attacks tend to focus on specific geographical locations depending on ad networks used, but this campaign could have had a huge amount of reach,” revealed security researchers at Malwarebytes.
They further noted that the attack left hundreds of millions of Yahoo visitors open to two predominant threats: ransomware and malware.
Yahoo's ad network was picked apart by cyber criminals who were able to infect it with the Angler Exploit kit, often considered the most sophisticated exploit kit available. The Angler Exploit kit is particularly dangerous because of its ease-of-use as a readily usable off-the-shelf packaged software. The package contains several pre-determined attacks that are designed to target zero-day vulnerabilities.
Multiple payloads such as Banking Trojans, CryptoLocker, backdoor Trojans, ransomware and other toolkits can be used to inject the exploit kit into its targets, making it a dangerous menace, according to a Threat Report published by security firm McAfee Labs recently.
Yahoo released a statement acknowledging the threat, saying:
Yahoo is committed to ensuring that both our advertisers and users have a safe and reliable experience. As soon as we learned of this issue, our team took action and will continue to investigate this issue. Unfortunately, disruptive ad behavior affects the entire tech industry. Yahoo has a long history of engagement on this issue and is committed to working with our peers to create a secure advertising experience.
Malwarebytes stressed that the threat has been nullified due to Yahoo's quick efforts in fixing the vulnerability.
“As soon as we detected the malicious activity, we notified Yahoo! and we are pleased to report that they took immediate action to stop the issue,” confirmed the security company.
Images from Shutterstock.
LONDON — It's barely a fortnight since UKIP leader Nigel Farage was metaphorically beaten up at the televised election debates and now he's been asked to duel in Hyde Park.
A Polish prince who lives in London, Janek Zylinski, has said in an online video that he's sick of discrimination in the UK and singled out Farage as one of the worst perpetrators. They want to meet them to thrash out the issue in central London.
“I've had enough of the discrimination against Polish people in this country," Zylinski says in the clip. "The most idiotic example I've heard of has been Mr Nigel Farage blaming migrants for traffic jams on the M40. Enough is enough, Mr Farage."
"I would like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning with our swords and resolve this matter in the way that an 18th century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would traditionally do."
The prince, who says their father led a charge against the Nazis near Warsaw in 1939 that saved 6,000 Jews, seems totally up for the potentially deadly swordplay, but does offer a "duel of words" if Farage doesn't fancy a real fight.
The UKIP leader, who spent the weekend with the party's youth team canvassing in Thanet, is yet to respond personally but a spokesperson issued a statement saying:
Nigel doesn't have a sword. And he's trying to keep violence out of this election campaign. He's surprised that a Polish prince with their lineage is not more concerned about Poland losing many of its best and brightest young people and now suffering from depopulation.
In other Farage-related news, the party leader's most profound quotes have been captured on a silent record. "The Wit & Wisdom of Nigel Farage," which is inspired by a similar record that mocked Ronald Reagan in the '80s, will be available as a 7" via Alcopop! Records on May 4. Proceeds go to the Migrants' Rights Network.
Receive your 1000-word horoscope plus a digest of the big astrological events of the month ahead for just £28.80 per year.
Homeric Hymn to Poseidon
About Poseidon the great god first I sing,
mover of the earth and the barren sea,
marine god, who possesses Helicon and broad Aegae.
In two parts, Earth-shaker, the gods assigned you your privilege:
to be a tamer of horses, and saviour of ships.
I salute you, Poseidon, earth-rider, sable-hair.
Keep your heart well disposed, blessed one, and assist those at sea.
—translation from the Loeb Classical Library
Hurricanes, earthquakes, storm surges and floods: Poseidon aka Neptune.
Between the eclipse in Leo (Aug 21) and the Full Moon in Pisces conjunct Neptune (September 6), the horses of Neptune were unleashed. But once unleashed, it takes a long time to get them back in their stables.
This Full Moon looked massive and wet, because of its conjunction with Neptune, and it's interesting to note that the last Full Moon like this one was in September 2015. The floods unleashed at that time were of refugees streaming from Syria to Europe. Today there are refugees flowing over the border of Myanmar into Bangladesh, driving out of Florida (not to mention those in Texas), and being evacuated from islands in the Caribbean. These are all places of sea, swamp and marsh, paddy or estuary, where the relations between humans and the mighty ocean are kept in fine balance.
But when the balance tips…
While Neptune remains in Pisces — until 2025 — we can expect more floods, especially at these August/September and February/March Full Moons. Watch the one on March 2, 2018. This one also conjoins Neptune.
Note also that according to tradition, Poseidon was the “Earth shaker”, the god of earthquakes too — and so we have seen in Mexico, an earthquake at 8.0 on the Richter scale.
Although the Moon has moved on now, the Sun in currently opposing Neptune, and they will be followed by Mars, the planet of anger and action, and Mercury, the planet of speed, later this month. It's easy to see how badly that could work for the Rohingya people as they flee the pogrom in Burma. Mars is the god of soldiers. With Mercury involved there's also a danger of infectious disease.
Venus, the planet that brings peace to stormy seas, will oppose Neptune on September 30. That's something to look forward to.
Take care of yourself wherever you are.
HP
If Made In USA is a feature, Hewlett-Packard's got Apple beat.
In effect, that's what HP said today. "Lots of noise...about Apple moving Mac production back to the U.S.... [We] wanted to offer HP's story," said an HP representative via e-mail Friday.
Part of that story was provided by way of a blog post.
"HP PCs have been assembled in the U.S. since the beginning," the post begins. "HP workstations and commercial desktop PCs are manufactured in Indianapolis, and HP servers are manufactured in Houston. These manufacturing facilities employ hundreds of people and produce billions of dollars' worth of products," the post said.
Of PCs sold in the U.S., more than a third of business desktop PCs and all workstation PCs are assembled in the U.S., HP said, adding that it will assemble 2.9 million PCs in the U.S. this year.
"There's a significant amount of customization...it's a higher value product than we might do in Asia. A higher level of customers that need build-to-order and close proximity," Tony Prophet, senior vice president of operations at HP, told CNET in an interview, speaking about the Indianapolis operations.
Prophet continued. "We find that we are better able to serve our customers when we're closer, versus building them in China and shipping them by sea. The labor arbitrage is not really a driving factor," they said, referring to both North American and European desktop production.
Even a limited amount of laptop assembly is done outside China. Some business-class EliteBook laptops are assembled in North America, Prophet said.
And though the bulk of U.S.-based production is business PCs, small-scale consumer PC production is also being brought back to North America. "We're marginally moving even some consumer PC [assembly] back to North America. Doing less of that in China," according to Prophet.
Apple, on the other hand, is just starting to bring Mac production back to the U.S., after a long hiatus. CEO Tim Cook said yesterday that factories in the U.S. will handle "some" of the Mac production currently being handled internationally. Production will ramp up in 2013.
For HP, U.S.-based production is not just PCs. Printing components are made in Corvallis, Ore., and San Diego, Calif., HP said.
Research by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has revealed that individuals can be identified through credit card metadata.
MIT researchers have reported that they do not need an individual's name, address, or credit card number, which are typically thought of as personal information, to identify people within a data set.
Instead, they say that using four vague pieces of information, such as the dates and locations of four purchases, are enough to identify 90 percent of the people in a data set recording three months of credit card transactions by 1.1 million users.
"We are showing that the privacy we are told that we have isn't real," study co-author Alex "Sandy" Pentland of MIT said in an email.
Going further, the researchers looked at whether it was enough to identify an even larger percentage of people in the data set if it used three data points, which included at least one that revealed the price of the purchase. In the end, the research revealed that there was a 94 percent chance of extracting credit card records from those of a million other people.
The MIT researchers also looked at whether they could preserve anonymity in large data sets by intentionally making the data less precise, in order to examine whether preserving privacy would still enable useful analysis. But the researchers found that even if the data set was characterised as each purchase having taken place in the span of a week at one of the 150 stores in the same general area, four purchases would still be enough to identify more than 70 percent of users.
The study shows that when we think we have privacy when our data is collected, it's really just an "illusion", said Eugene Spafford, director of Purdue University's Centre for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security. Spafford, who wasn't part of the study, said it makes "one wonder what our expectation of privacy should be anymore".
"It is not surprising to those of us who spend our time doing privacy research," said outside expert Lorrie Faith Cranor, director of the CyLab Usable Privacy and Security Laboratory at Carnegie Mellon University.
"But I expect it would be surprising to most people, including companies who may be routinely releasing de-identified transaction data, thinking it is safe to do so."
This research by MIT plays into the ongoing debate on whether the Australian government's intentions to introduce mandatory data-retention legislation are justified, and whether it will be a breach of individual privacy rights.
Currently before the parliament, the legislation would require telecommunications companies to retain an as-yet-undefined set of customer data for a minimum of two years, which law-enforcement agencies will be able to access without a warrant. The set of customer data that telcos may potentially be required to obtain includes call records, IP addresses, and billing information.
The Parliamentary Joint Committee on Human Rights raised its concerns in a recent report, saying that the proposed Bill is "very intrusive of privacy".
"A requirement to collect and retain data on every customer just in case that data is needed for law-enforcement purposes is very intrusive of privacy, and raises an issue of proportionality," the committee said in its report.
Similarly, the AIMIA and the Australian Information Industry Association (AIIA), which both represent tech companies including Apple and Google, have questioned whether the legislation would be a breach of privacy of all Australians, and whether it is the most effective means to go about protecting public safety and security.
The telcos have also already warned the government that such a scheme would not only be costly, but would also put its employees in a position where they will be responsible for responding to requests by law-enforcement agencies and deciding what requests to approve or reject.
Additionally, Telstra has cautioned the government that the centralised system where the metadata will be stored will be a potential goldmine for hackers. It is a similar warning that Australian Privacy Commissioner Timothy Pilgrim issued last year, when they indicated that the retention of large amounts of data will inevitably increase the chances of privacy breaches occurring.
In the federal government's defence, the Australian Attorney-General's Department stated that the leaks on the US National Security Agency's (NSA) surveillance operations by whistleblower Edward Snowden led to the need for the introduction of the data-retention legislation.
"Telecommunications data is becoming increasingly important to Australia's law-enforcement and national security agencies as they lose reliable access to the content of communications. This threat has increased significantly since the Snowden disclosures. As such, even where agencies cannot obtain the content of the communications, they have historically often been able to use metadata to determine how and with whom a person has been communicating," said Anna Harmer, the department's acting first assistant.
"The ability of agencies to map networks through metadata is an important investigative tool."
Further, Attorney-General George Brandis has previously said that the legislation is needed because there aren't any pre-existing metadata laws, adding that the regime will only apply to the "most serious crime. Only to crime, and only to the highest levels of crimes".
The regime has been backed up by Australian law-enforcement agencies, which claim that access to the data without the need for a warrant will be valuable for criminal investigations.
However, when the Australian Federal Police (AFP) and the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) were questioned during a Senate Estimates hearing in December, both agencies were reluctant to reveal exactly what data set they want. Instead, jumping to their defence, Brandis said during the hearing that the data set would be defined after negotiations with telcos.
With AAP
We all know what Shaolin means to NYC rap crew Wu-Tang Clan , right? It's pretty important, and has been so since day one.
The school of martial arts and its accompanying ethics and philosophies is mentioned in the Wu's very first single, 1993's ‘Protect Ya Neck': “Ow, here comes my Shaolin style…”
So when Clash met up with five members of the Wu – RZA, Method Man , Cappadonna, Inspectah Deck and Ghostface Killah – we thought the only appropriate angle of questioning was to follow the 10 laws of Shaolin, the guiding principles behind students, and masters, of the (life)style.
Below, three of the laws and how they relate to the lives and careers of the Clan…
(Part two of this article can be read here , and part three here .)
- - -
“Respect the master, honour the moral way and love fellow disciples as brothers and sisters,” from which Clash asks: was it mutual love for hip-hop forerunners that bonded the Clan in its early days?
Cappadonna: I'd say that our work before Wu-Tang actually brought us together. Because we all had reputations, but we were all in different aspects of our ‘hood life. So we are finding out about each other through various different entities and connections.
Our friendships were founded that way – and then we began to build this conglomerate. So, when one of us met RZA, that'd be one spark of energy. And then, I might meet up with Raekwon: another spark of energy. There might be four of us… And that just went on and grew until we had that first nine born. And when that first nine born came, they were the first nine to be complete, in that cypher, to go forth. That's what created the strength.
RZA: It's like how we say about the Voltron (a giant robot formed of myriad, autonomous parts – ‘80s cartoon ed), that's how we all form. You can't say that we bonded over a particular record or album. But all of our music that we were making, that bonded us.
Cappa had a neighbourhood tape out. GZA had a neighbourhood album, Method Man had a neighbourhood album, I had a neighbourhood album. These were demos made in different places. And we were all MCs.
Then there was a central location where we could all make songs at, and that was my house. At different times, different brothers would come through there to do a demo. So Method Man maybe came Thursday. And maybe GZA and Ol' Dirty Bastard would come another day. So it was our own music, and our own lyrical skills, that brought us together.
I'm not saying that in an egotistical way, but there came a time… There came a point where I identified the style that I felt that we had, a definition, and the word for it was Wu-Tang, which means “The Sword Style”. And I identified that we were the best lyricists, the best MCs. I'd already met a lot of people in the music industry, and a lot of other MCs, and I realised that we were the best MCs.
So, the concept for the Wu-Tang style came, and we were the Wu-Tang Clan, and even though we were all from different neighbourhoods, everyone agreed to be Wu-Tang. Y'know, I'm not that shit; what I'm doing is Wu-Tang. And that is also part of the foundation of us.
Everything should have a common denominator, so the thing you said about respect your teachers, that applies because GZA is my teacher, and I have nothing but respect for him. These brothers… we all teach and respect each other, and that's the bottom line of it.
- - -
Wu-Tang Clan, ‘Protect Ya Neck', from ‘Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)'
- - -
“Required to train in the Shaolin arts diligently, and to be physically and mentally healthy,” from which Clash asks: just how ready for mainstream exposure was the Clan when debut album, 1993's ‘Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)', was released?
RZA: Well, ‘36 Chambers' is the completion, if you look at the numbers. ‘36 Chambers' is a Shaolin concept (1978's ‘The 36th Chamber Of Shaolin' is also a kung-fu classic – kung-fu movie ed). Our album's called ‘Enter The Wu-Tang' and we say we're from Shaolin, so we were using those concepts.
Maybe at one point one of us was more knowledgeable about that stuff and was applying it more. But if you look at our training, we were all disciples. We were training the cyphers. We were like, “We won't spit 16, we're gonna spit 32 bars,” y'know? And we'll all be spitting, and we'll all be making demos.
Now, you know I like to apply hip-hop to martial arts, so if you look at ‘36 Chambers', think about how long each of us, as individuals, had been MCing.
I wrote my first rhyme at the age of nine. By the time of ‘36 Chambers' I was 22 or 23, something like that. So if that was kung-fu, I'd be a master already, because it takes 10 years to master a style, they say. So we were already masters, by the time the world heard us.
So now we're celebrating 20 years of ‘36 Chambers', so count how many years that is of us doing what we do. We do it because we love it, and it's part of us. So the training is very important, and we do it diligently. And a student can become a master, but a master always knows that they remain a student.
- - -
Wu-Tang Clan, ‘C.R.E.A.M.', from ‘Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)'
- - -
“Forbidden to rape, molest, do evil, steal, rob, abduct or cheat,” from which Clash asks: do some rappers, some artists in pop, lose track of their musical personas, and allow the characters they play, who might be evil, to spill into their personal lives?
Ghostface: I ain't gonna make this long, but a lot of that's god's law. To those that's raping, you got a problem. The ones that do it to the babies, you got even bigger problems.
But sometimes you gotta steal, y'know. It depends on what you're stealing for, because you've got to survive. If you're doing it just to do it, though, forget that.
RZA: First of all, I'll say this openly, I used to be a thief. I couldn't afford the things I wanted, the things I needed – I couldn't even afford food. I'd go to the grocery store and come out with a bloody T-shirt because I'd stuffed a steak down there. So sometimes out of desperation I'd steal. But I don't agree with it. I do agree with survival. If you've been oppressed, you're gonna have to resort to what you have to do.
But the worst kind of stealing is stealing amongst your own. I'll never forget that we were doing a video, for ‘C.R.E.A.M.' or something, and this guy we all know…
Ghostface: You mean the guy I punched in the face? Little short, dark-haired dude?
RZA: Yeah. Anyway, what they did, was stolen something from us, when they thought Ghost was asleep. But Ghost had one eye on him. They saw! And Ghost let them steal it, and they walked all the way down the block with it. And then Ghost, they yell out, “Hey yo, come here, I gotta tell you something!” Just as this guy think he's getting away.
So they come all the way back, and then Ghost whips their ass. Because you don't need to steal from us – we give it all away. You're with Wu-Tang, you're gonna get food, clothing, even shelter, because we give that away. So we're heavily against stealing.
But how do we maintain the division between our art and characters and our real life? Sometimes it does mix together, but I think that an artist needs a character through which to express themselves.
I know we came out all “keep it real”, but keep it real refers to real hip-hop, and expressing yourself through your own ways, and not copying someone else. In today's hip-hop climate, because of their popularity, their real lives are being captured and diffused and mixed with their artistic personas. And I think that some of these artists believe they are that persona – and you can become that.
Look at Rick Ross , right. They have the name of a famous criminal. Now, do they become that criminal? Not intentionally – but now people in the streets are shooting at him, and he's just rapping. But they had the persona of a criminal, and sometimes that follows you.
Look at Kanye West . They can't have a normal day because their life is part of our culture. Oh, Kanye's having a baby, it's like the Royal Family is having a baby! They can't even go nowhere. They have to come out with their baby covered up! I got children, but I keep my hip-hop persona separate from my life persona.
Even Superman disguised himself. You do not know that Clark Kent is Superman. You do not know that Peter Parker is Spider-Man. What makes Superman's disguise great is that you can't believe that a bumbling, clumsy-ass fool could ever be Superman. That's what makes their disguise great. He's tripping over a pebble!
The thing with Wu-Tang is that we changed our names, and put out these different personas through which to express our music. But some rappers now, they can't hide themselves. Kanye West, that's theirs name.
- - -
Wu-Tang Clan, ‘Can It All Be So Simple', from ‘Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)'
- - -
Wu-Tang Clan's ‘Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)' turns 20 years old this November. The group has a new album, ‘A Better Tomorrow', planned for release later in 2013.
Read part two of this feature here
Read part three here
Find the Wu online here
Get the best of Clash on your iPhone - download the app here
Written by Steffen Müller
But first, let's discuss a bit about how the Perl compiler works and its work products.
The output of the Perl compiler is two-fold. The first is an in-memory data structure, that resembles a traditional compiler's Abstract Syntax Tree. This is called the OP tree since it consists of struct OP s that generally represent some OP eration to be performed. The second is a linked list that connects (some of) these OPs in the order they are to be executed[1].
So for the code my $a = $b + 3 , we have this tree
sassign-+-add-+-padsv[$b]
| `-const[3]
`-padsv[$a]
where sassign indicates scalar assignment, and padsv is lexical variable access. It helps to think of perl as a stack machine, so the linked list for execution would be this sequence (with annotations on what they actually do):
padsv[$b] (push $b on stack)
const[3] (push 3 on stack)
add (pop 3 and $b off of stack, push their sum on stack)
padsv[$a] (push $a on stack)
sassign (pop $a and the sum off of stack, set $a)
Things get just a tiny bit more complicated if you consider operations that take a variable number of items as parameters such as taking a slice of an array. Consider @x[1,2]
aslice-+-pushmark
|-list-+-pushmark
| |-const[1]
| `-const[2]
`-padav[@x]
The array slice needs two pieces of information: a list of indexes to slice from the array, and the array itself. In Perl, the way to pass an arbitrary number of items to an operation is to remember the stack position (which is what pushmark does[2]) and then simply push the items onto the stack. The recipient simply looks at the most recently remembered stack position and pops its parameters off the stack until it reaches this position. aslice is such an operation that receives a variable number of parameters, so the first thing to do is to execute a pushmark . The execution order of operations here is:
pushmark (outer)
pushmark (inner)
const[1]
const[2]
list
padav
aslice
This is where it gets a bit weird. One would expect to simply execute the two const s and the padav now. That would correspond to this tree
aslice-+-pushmark
|-const[1]
|-const[2]
`-padav[@x]
and this execution order.
pushmark
const[1]
const[2]
padav
aslice
The list operation has a very simple purpose. It looks up the most recently remembered stack position. Then it checks which context it was invoked in (context in the normal Perl sense of context). If it was invoked in list context, then it will simply do nothing and leave the items on the stack. If it was invoked in scalar context, it will only leave the last, topmost item on the stack. Let that sink in for a moment.
Indeed, in list context, list simply undoes the effect of one preceding pushmark . The two operations of the inner pushmark and the list cancel each other out entirely. This is one of the places where the OP tree's dual nature as an AST and as a data structure intended for the actual execution of the program shows.
And here is where my optimization comes into play: In Perl 5.20, the optimizer is just a tiny bit smarter now because it can detect list / pushmark pairs that will be a no-op. It modifies the execution chain to not execute them while leaving the AST intact for decompilers and similar tooling. Because the internet has informed me that optimizations without benchmarks to "prove" their effectiveness are meaningless, let's indulge in some micro-benchmarking while investing some effort into making the result somewhat meaningful. What we'll benchmark is simply array slicing @y = @x[3,7] .
use 5.14.2;
use warnings;
use Dumbbench;
use Dumbbench::CPUFrequencyPinner;
my $opt = '/path/to/optimized/perl';
my $unopt = '/path/to/unoptimized/perl';
my $code = <<'HERE';
my @x = (1..8);
my @y;
@y = @x[3,7] for 1..1e6;
HERE
my $db = Dumbbench->new(
target_rel_precision => 0.005,
initial_runs => 20,
);
$db->add_instances(
Dumbbench::Instance::Cmd->new(command => [$unopt, '-e', $code],
name => "before"),
Dumbbench::Instance::Cmd->new(command => [$opt, '-e', $code],
name => "after"),
);
SCOPE: {
# Pin CPU frequency down to reduce variability
my $p = Dumbbench::CPUFrequencyPinner->new;
$SIG{INT} = sub {undef $p; exit;};
$p->set_max_frequencies($p->min_frequencies->[0]);
$db->run;
}
$db->report;
$db->box_plot->show();
This type of graph is generally referred to as a box plot and it shows the measurement results with additional information on the variability of the repeat measurements. “after” refers to a perl built from commit 7d3c8a6837b55fff whereas “before” is a perl built from the commit prior to that. This particular example benchmark shows a statistically significant speed-up of 8% in slicing arrays. You can see similar speed-ups in hash slices, certain map blocks, and a few other list-type operations. For a day's work on a very mature code base, that's not too shabby at all!
[1] Technically speaking, there are many such linked lists since a logical operation will create a branch. So it's really a tree. But many stretches of code will be contained in linear sections, so please excuse me for the slight oversimplification.
Ashton Carter, U.S. President Barack Obama's nominee to be secretary of defense, testifies before a Senate Armed Services Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, February 4, 2015. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee voted 25-0 on Tuesday to back Ashton Carter as President Barack Obama's next Secretary of Defense, paving the way for what is expected to be an easy confirmation in the full Senate as soon as Wednesday.
The 26-member panel voted 25-0, with one member not voting.
Carter, 60, a former Pentagon No. 2 seen as a technocrat, was nominated to be Obama's fourth defense secretary after Chuck Hagel resigned under pressure last year.
Although many Senate Republicans are sharply critical of Obama's defense policies, Carter's confirmation has gone far more smoothly than Hagel's two years ago.
Carter served as deputy defense secretary, the Pentagon's number two position, from 2011 to 2013. They were also the Defense Department's chief weapons buyers from 2009-11 when they led a major restructuring of the F-35 fighter jet program.
At their confirmation hearing on Feb. 4, Carter underscored their determination to boost the U.S. defense budget, drive down the cost of new weapons and make sure new technologies are delivered to troops more quickly.
They also told lawmakers they were leaning in favor of providing arms to Ukraine but later cautioned that the focus of the international community's efforts to handle the crisis must remain on pressuring Russia economically and politically.
The official website for the Hero Academia television anime series revealed a new poster visual and the new character visuals on Monday for the second season's four newly announced characters.
The poster visual shows the new villain Stain.
The new cast members and characters include:
Hikaru Midorikawa as Best Jeanist, the No.4 Pro Hero
Kōji Okino as Gunhead, a hero who specializes in armed combat
Takahiro Fujiwara as Fourth Kind, a chivalrous and intelligent hero
Mai Yamane as Uwabami, a beautiful and intelligent hero
All the new characters are pro heroes.
The second season premiered in Japanese with English subtitles on Crunchyroll and Hulu on April 1, and FunimationNow is streaming the English dub. The anime is listed with 25 episodes. The new season has so far covered the U.A. Sports Festival arc of Kohei Horikoshi's original manga.
The second cour of the anime will premiere on July 8, and will cover the "Hero Killer Stain" arc. The second cour will feature a new opening and ending theme song. amazarashi is performing the new opening theme song "Sora ni Utaeba" (If I Sing in the Sky), and LiSA is performing the ending theme song "Datte Atashi no Hero" (Still My Hero).
Source: Comic Natalie
"Because the history of computing has taught us is that data will not be contained. Data breaks free. It expands to new media, crashes through barriers; painfully, maybe even dangerously. But, uh, there it is… Data finds a way." - Jeff Goldblum as Jeff Goldblum (Jurassic Gift Shop)
When we last left our favorite removable storage device, OEMs had begun adopting Google's policy for restricting write access to SD cards. Given the nature of the Android community, it was probably safe to assume the story wouldn't simply end with some people rooting to re-enable classic file system access and the rest passively accepting that the SD slot was just for decoration.
File managers and media players have been trickling out with changelogs claiming that they've added support for SD cards on unrooted KitKat devices. While a few of these have turned out to be a bit inaccurate, it became clear that some developers had actually cracked the code. After some digging, we came across a post from late 2012 on the Total Commander forums that sheds quite a bit of light on the situation. To explain how this works, we have to cover a little bit of background.
Note: There is a little bit of programmer jargon in the following explanation. Sorry about that. I want to make this useful to developers that want to fix up their own apps, so a few words might not make sense to everybody. Don't worry, everything should still be readable, just ignore the little bit of extra gibberish. Note: There is a little bit of programmer jargon in the following explanation. Sorry about that. I want to make this useful to developers that want to fix up their own apps, so a few words might not make sense to everybody. Don't worry, everything should still be readable, just ignore the little bit of extra gibberish.
The Media Scanner
Long-time Android fans may remember the Media Scanner for being a fairly obnoxious, battery-gobbling service that could run amok at the drop of a hat. It's still around, but these days it's behaving much better. The purpose of the Media Scanner is to look through primary and secondary storage for audio, video, and image files which are then recorded in a database so other apps don't have to repeatedly do their own scans.
While the Media Scanner may be oriented towards conventional multimedia, it still keeps track of every other file, as well. This is done to support a few other features, particularly MTP mode (used for file transfers over a USB cable) which pulls the file structure from the database instead of directly from the filesystem.
The Media Scanner normally does a full scan just after a reboot and anytime an SD card is mounted. Applications can also initiate a scan of an individual file by using the MediaScannerConnection class. This would generally be done by an app after it has downloaded something from the Internet, taken a picture, or recorded a video.
When apps want to get at this information, they will call out to the Media Store.
The Media Store
The secret to modifying files on the SD card is in the MediaStore class. It's a Content Provider with access to the database built by the Media Scanner. This is mostly useful to apps like the gallery and music players, but anything that wants to see locally stored images, audio, or video will probably use it.
We're really interested in a child class called MediaStore.Files. Its job is to give links (URIs) to apps so they can query the database for files on a specific storage device. Through this mechanism, developers can get a specially crafted link that can be used to open a file with write access.
It seems that this method works because the links actually call on the Media Store to open and edit files. Since the Media Store runs with system privileges, it is free to make changes on external storage devices. In essence, apps are able to masquerade as a system service for the purpose of writing to the SD card.
The Current State Of Affairs
Unfortunately, making use of this technique isn't very intuitive, it's prone to bugs, and there seems to be some unpredictable inconsistencies across devices from different OEMs. In other words, this is obviously not the way the Media Store was intended to be used. Among the devices we've been able to test, the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 has shown the least friction while the Google Play Edition LG G Pad 8.3 has been much more hit-and-miss. The HTC One M8 mounts the SD slot slightly differently than most devices, so the developers we've talked to are still looking into it.
We're aware of a few apps that have already adopted this method in some way or another, but none of them are truly complete and flawless implementations.
The full set of functions would include: creating new files/folders
copying files/folders
deleting files/folders
moving files/folders
renaming files/folders
Total Commander appears to be the first to have discovered and implemented this workaround. There are still a few known bugs and some devices, like the HTC One M8 with its /sdcard2 mount point, aren't supported yet, but it's almost completely working on the Note 3. While the code has been in Total Commander for quite some time, a recently posted beta cleaned up several bugs and makes it the best implementation we've seen.
ES File Explorer partially works with the Note 3 and One M8, but there are still limitations across all of the devices we've been able to experiment on. On the Note 3, ES File Explorer cannot rename, and on the One M8, it can't rename or write files but can delete them and create folders, for example. As I said, support is hit-and-miss across various devices.
Left: Total Commander can do everything on a Note 3. Right: ES File Explorer can copy, delete, and move files/folders, but cannot rename.
Not long ago, MX Player added support for deleting files, and File Expert recently reached out to let us know a beta release is coming soon with most of the standard functionality. FolderSync also supports copying files from primary storage to the SD card on the Note 3, but that's the only thing working, so far. There may be more apps to add to this list, but they haven't hit our radar.
Does This Mean We Get Our SD Cards Back?
I hate to say it, but I wouldn't count on this workaround being available in future versions of Android. Google left no room for interpretation, the documentation is very clear.
"Apps must not be allowed to write to secondary external storage devices, except in their package-specific directories as allowed by synthesized permissions." -- Android Documentation
Using the Media Store to modify files on the SD card (outside of an app's private folder) is clearly circumventing the rules. It's safe to assume this loophole was unintended and there's even a chance that it will be marked as a security risk. On the other hand, disabling this workaround will probably break a few apps that use the Media Store for the intended purposes. Google will probably have to add checks to ensure file permissions are respected by the Media Store when 3rd-party apps are making changes. We'll have to wait to find out what happens here.
In the meantime, this does give app developers a way to continue treating the SD card as they always have. It may not last forever, but it's a decent crutch until something better comes along. The code posted a year and a half ago by Total Commander's developer Christian Ghisler surely isn't up-to-date, but it's a great starting point for anybody willing to take the time to work with it.
In reality, most users aren't completely in the cold. Most OEM devices still ship with a stock file manager included. If it is a system app -and it should be- then it can still be used for basic tasks. Of course, this doesn't solve the problem for numerous 3rd-party apps that should have write access to the SD card, nor does it help to exist or future Google Play Edition devices that don't ship with file managers.
Here's to hoping for a better solution with the next version of Android.
Update: With the release of Android 5.0 Lollipop, new APIs have been added that allow an app to request permission from users to access folders on external storage. This approach gives users the same level of functionality that has always been available, with greatly improved security. See Android 5.0 Makes SD Cards Great Again, Extends API To Allow Full Directory Access, Automatic MediaStore, And Improves Security
Since returning to MLS in 2008, the San Jose Earthquakes have struck a jersey sponsorship deal only once, a three-year agreement with Amway that ran from 2009 through 2011. Reported as a multimillion dollar deal, which provided the organization a sizable cash infusion, it was less than popular with fans who did not like having the name of a multi-level marketing company splashed across the chest of their souvenir jerseys.
And so it was met with some applause when the 2012 Earthquakes home and away jerseys were released, sans sponsorship graphics, and the all-black and all-blue designs proved very popular. Last January, the club introduced a new logo as part of its 40 years since its founding celebration, and with it a radical new design to the jerseys, but again absent was a sponsor. Supporters began to ask when the Quakes would again go the jersey sponsorship route.
"We're in several advanced conversations with both jersey and naming-rights partners," Earthquakes president Dave Kaval said the night of the new logo unveiling. "Some are considering both properties, and so we want to make sure that we get the right partner."
The Quakes found the right partner in Avaya, a leading global provider of next-generation business collaboration and communications solutions, and a lengthy negotiation culminated in the multi-billion company agreeing to a stadium naming rights deal that would net the Earthquakes $20 million over 20 years. What almost happened in concert was that Avaya would become the new jersey sponsor too.
"At one point, we were looking at packaging the jersey and the naming rights to the stadium together," Kaval said at the Avaya Stadium naming announcement in November. "In the end it made sense to parcel out those assets."
Did that mean the Earthquakes had to start from square one in their search for a jersey sponsor? Kaval indicated that they had a dedicated group within the organization that was working to identify and negotiate with potential sponsors, adding that they were not limiting themselves to one particular business sector.
"We are talking to a wide variety of companies about the jersey, said Kaval. "There's been a tremendous amount of interest, and for us it is just about finding the right partner at the right time."
Very few clubs in MLS have gone as long as the Earthquakes without a jersey sponsorship, and fans have offered up their own suggestions throughout the sponsor-less seasons. Kaval acknowledged that the lack of such a deal did represent some lost revenue opportunities; however, they also pointed out that the club didn't want to rush into a deal with a company that did not match the vision and ideals of the Earthquakes.
"You want to make sure you have the right brand," said Kaval "You want to make sure you have the right partner that can achieve goals beyond just the name on a kit. And obviously, since that is something that the actual fans and players wear, it's very important to make sure that those align, and the visions of that company, whoever it is, kind of fits with our brand values."
So a year on from when the Earthquakes redesigned logo was unveiled, the club is still working on getting the right sponsor. The commemorative red away jersey of 2014, which is to be replaced in 2015 with a new color and design, and the primary black and blue kit survived one season unadulterated, but will that be the case for the fourth year running since the Amway deal ran out?
"Obviously we want to make sure the timing works out with opening day," said Kaval, "but the key is to get the right partner. That's also a long-term deal, and the most important thing is that we make the right decisions for everyone."
The Earthquakes new away jersey for the 2015 MLS season is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks. Whether or not it, as well as the black and blue home jersey, will also feature a sponsor is still to be determined.
Ask any cricket devotee and they will have the capacity to review the national and world records held by cricket players who at that point held the rule amid the day and age till the presence of the cricket records. In any case, the drawback of cricket records is that it is transitory in nature. The rise of new players with ability makes new cricket records and raises the benchmark for execution. It is likewise valid; nonetheless, that once a record has been made it engraves the name of the player in the brains of their fans for eternity. The formation of new records cans likewise not lessen the priority set by before cricket records.
Cricket records can drive a player's execution by setting a benchmark for him. The player at that point endeavors to exceed expectations, makes another record for themselves and accomplishes that prestigious position in the realm of cricket. The abnormal state of universal fame that the round of cricket has increased throughout the years has additionally raised the significance of cricket records. Presently a player holding any sort of cricket records can right away come into the spotlight, because of the abnormal state of media and open enthusiasm for the diversion. Cricket records can likewise give a player the focused edge when it concerns inquiries of being chosen in a national group or notwithstanding to play at a universal level.
The web upset that assumed control over the globe 10 years back has likewise made its own particular commitment to the round of cricket. Presently the physical obstructions of nation have been risen above through the web and out of the blue even universal players from various nations have real fan followings particle distinctive nations over the globe. One can just visit a site committed to the session of cricket and hunt out all vital data about a player from the cricket measurements and player and match data that is available on the web. A player holding numerous cricket records instantly picks up prominence even among the web surfers, in this manner expanding the quantity of profile visits that they get from the guests to the website. A player with more cricket records is consequently likewise favored by the normal fans as well as the online fans on the World Wide Web.
Indeed, even the as of late closed 2007 world container had set its own particular cricket records that laid priority for following matches. The Indian group developed as the ones with the most elevated group aggregate of 413 against Bermuda in the nineteenth match of the 2007 World Cup. In this specific match India additionally tied a kind of cricket records with South Africa and scored the most sixes (18) in a match. The cricket records made by India will guarantee that the group is associated with the record creation regardless of the group's rejection in the alliance organize itself. The production of cricket records likewise has a noteworthy commitment in the life of a player who can be the fans icon one day and the fallen legend the following day itself. The past reference of their cricket records make the fans give them a possibility on numerous occasions as the fans understand that on the off chance that they have outflanked others once, they may yet do it once more.
Get More: https://cricktube.com/
The Scot feels this summer's humiliating failure in the transfer market was the result of having the wrong support team around him, and has taken steps to change things
MAN UNITED LATEST
Follow Liam Twomey on
By Liam TwomeyAfter a farcical summer, David Moyes is determined not to be embarrassed in a transfer market ever again as Manchester United manager.The failure to acquire an inspiring solution to their new team's long-standing midfield problems damaged their standing in the eyes of some before United had even kicked a ball this season. The public rebuttals of Thiago Alcantara and Cesc Fabregas, combined with the deadline day farce of Ander Herrera and the belated, over-priced and underwhelming arrival of Marouane Fellaini only made things worse.Moyes believes the root of the problems lay in not having the right support team around him. They were hardly helped by the departures of venerated chief executive David Gill and chief scout Martin Ferguson at the start of the summer. At a stroke, the command structure which had done so much to provide Sir Alex with so many title-winning squads was swept away.Gill's de facto replacement, the accountant-turned-J.P. Morgan investment banker Ed Woodward, swiftly proved themselves less adept at negotiating the purchases of top-level footballers than they were at adding to the club's lengthy list of lucrative commercial partnerships.Moyes, a man so ‘hands-on' by nature that they used to personally lead the pre-match warm-up exercises while manager of Preston North End, regrets agreeing to delegate so much of the recruitment process on their arrival at Old Trafford. Working from their office in Mayfair, Woodward has agreed that from now on their remit will once again be primarily financial.Knowing they will be judged more readily than ever in the January window with United – and Fellaini in particular – struggling, Moyes' instinct is to fall back on who and what they know best.Robbie Cooke, their former chief scout at Everton, will work alongside United old head Jim Lawlor at the top of the recruitment pyramid, while the manager is taking it upon themselves to personally run the rule over top transfer targets, travelling to Spain to watch Atletico Madrid starlet Koke in action against Porto on Wednesday.The Scot is also deploying the network of scouts which served them so well at Everton to analyse potential signings. Inter midfielder Fredy Guarin was subjected to such scrutiny before rising to near the top of the list of names Moyes considers desirable and attainable in January.It is a novel recruitment structure for United and one which, at present, remains a slightly dysfunctional one. The club already possessed a global scouting network when Ferguson left, largely consisting of people the new manager has not yet got to know or trust. At times in recent weeks they have even found themselves on the same assignments as the men who truly have Moyes' ear.But Moyes' priority is to act fast. Having – some would argue unwisely – given everyone in their inherited squad the chance to prove their worth, they have come to the same conclusion as many outside observers: Major surgery is required if United are to be a dominant force again.Many would say January is not the time to begin such an overhaul, when the required level of talent is vastly more difficult and expensive to acquire. Moyes, though, has proven to be a shrewd manipulator of the winter window before, as the signings of Seamus Coleman, Tim Howard, Nikica Jelavic and Darron Gibson would attest.Of course, improving Everton and improving Manchester United are vastly different tasks. But unlike in the summer, Moyes will at least feel confident they have the right tools.
Two former top Ontario political staffers have been criminally charged with orchestrating a plan to delete government e-mails and other documents that could have shed light on the billion-dollar cancellation of two gas-fired power plants – a long-running scandal that continues to dog the governing provincial Liberal Party.
David Livingston and Laura Miller, chief of staff and deputy chief of staff, respectively, to former premier Dalton McGuinty, each face three counts: breach of trust, mischief in relation to data and misuse of a computer system to commit mischief, the Ontario Provincial Police announced Thursday. Mr. Livingston, 63, and Ms. Miller, 36, will appear at Toronto's Old City Hall court on Jan. 27. Federal prosecutors will handle the case.
The scandal has cast a pall over Mr. McGuinty's legacy and consumed much of the energy of their successor, Kathleen Wynne, who has had to manage the fallout. The charges against Mr. Livingston and Ms. Miller come at a time when the Liberals are already reeling from another criminal prosecution, as party fundraiser Gerry Lougheed faces charges related to a different scandal. The gas-plant affair also extends all the way across the country and into the inner circle of British Columbia Premier Christy Clark, for whom Ms. Miller had been working since Mr. McGuinty stepped down.
Story continues below advertisement
The OPP's anti-rackets branch has been investigating for 2 1/2 years, obtaining search warrants for Mr. Livingston's BlackBerry, government computer servers and the legislature building.
Mr. Livingston and Ms. Miller allegedly brought in Ms. Miller's partner, Peter Faist, to wipe clean the hard drives of computers in the premier's office shortly before Mr. McGuinty resigned in 2013. Mr. Faist, an outside IT expert without security clearance to work on government computers, was paid $10,000 from government coffers for their services. When the payment came to light last year, the Liberal Party reimbursed the treasury.
Mr. McGuinty cancelled the unpopular plants, in the Toronto suburbs of Mississauga and Oakville, ahead of the 2011 election in what was widely seen as a bid to save local Liberal candidates from defeat. The government initially said the cancellation costs would be $220-million, but the Auditor-General subsequently estimated the total at up to $1.1-billion.
An opposition-dominated legislative committee ordered the government to release internal e-mails related to the cancellations. Police allege that, even as the committee was demanding the documents, Mr. Livingston and Ms. Miller were trying to delete them. In one e-mail previously unearthed by the OPP, Mr. Livingston instructed their staff on how to "double delete" e-mails so they could not be recovered. Peter Wallace, the province's former top civil servant, told the committee that Mr. Livingston approached them to ask how to erase files from computers; Mr. Wallace said they had told Mr. Livingston they had an obligation to preserve government records.
Both Mr. Livingston and Ms. Miller vowed Thursday to fight the charges.
Fredrick Schumann, a lawyer for Mr. Livingston, said in an e-mail that their client "did nothing wrong and certainly did not break the law as alleged." Mr. Schumann said Mr. Livingston believed their actions in the premier's office were "proper and in accordance with normal practices." Mr. Livingston has co-operated with the OPP investigation, Mr. Schumann said. "We are confident that they will be vindicated."
In a blistering statement, Ms. Miller accused the OPP of having a "clear bias" against them because they complained about two of their investigators, Detective-Constable André Duval and Detective Brian Mason, to the Ontario Independent Police Review Director (OIPRD). During the investigation, the OPP had said Ms. Miller refused to co-operate by not speaking with them. Ms. Miller said this was not true. In their statement Thursday, they said the OIPRD ordered a misconduct hearing for Det. Constable Duval, and that the OPP is appealing the decision. They have hired Clayton Ruby, a high-profile Toronto human-rights lawyer who specializes in police accountability cases, to defend them
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"I have always had trust and confidence in the police," Ms. Miller said in a statement. "Today, that is not so. After formally complaining about the conduct of the OPP in the way that they acted during their investigation into document retention, I find myself being charged. Every Canadian expects and deserves impartiality and fairness in police charging decisions. I do not believe that to be the case here."
"I believe my complaint created a clear bias by the OPP against me. Officers involved in a substantiated complaint should not have been allowed to continue investigating," they added.
Ms. Miller, who spent more than a decade climbing the ranks at Queen's Park, subsequently worked on Ms. Clark's winning 2013 election campaign and became the B.C. Liberals' executive director. They have resigned that job in the face of the charges.
Ms. Clark lauded their Thursday: "In British Columbia, Laura Miller is known to their colleagues as a person of integrity and someone who has worked hard to move our party and the province forward," they said in a statement.
The OPP declined to respond to Ms. Miller's accusation. "The OPP will not comment further on matters that are considered evidentiary in nature in order to protect the integrity of the investigation and the ensuing court process," Detective Superintendent Dave Truax wrote in an e-mail.
Ms. Wynne, who has repeatedly had to deal with the blowback from the scandal since replacing Mr. McGuinty, said in an interview they had no advance knowledge that charges were coming.
Story continues below advertisement
"It really is not something that we're involved in," they told The Globe and Mail. "We did not have any prior notice that this was going to happen. It's the former premier's staff – the former premier is not under investigation, they haven't been charged with anything – and their employees will now be in the courts."
Ms. Wynne said they are hoping to pivot away from the scandal and get on with running the province: "Of course, I will answer any questions I am asked about this thing that happened in the past. But really, I'm focused on what we're doing now and what we do going forward."
Mr. McGuinty has insisted they did not know about any plan to wipe computer hard drives or delete e-mails. In their recent memoir, however, they defended the practice.
"It is absolutely essential that politicians be free to kick around political ideas – good ones and bad ones, wise ones and foolish ones. They must be free to think through their decisions out loud before they make them. There was a shredding truck outside the outgoing premier's office after my party won the 2003 election. This did not strike me as untoward. I knew the civil service has a record of all the decisions made and related Cabinet minutes," they wrote in the book, Making a Difference.
On Thursday, their lawyer pointed out that police have confirmed the former premier co-operated with the investigation by sitting down for an interview.
"In June, 2014, the OPP stated that Mr. McGuinty had been co-operative in their investigation and was not the subject of their probe. Today's events again confirm there was no wrongdoing on the part of the former premier," Ronald Caza said in a statement.
Story continues below advertisement
The opposition said Thursday the gas-plant scandal is part of a larger aura of political cynicism underpinning the government.
"There is a shadow of scandal that surrounds the Liberal Party," Progressive Conservative finance critic Vic Fedeli said.
Just three months ago, the Liberals faced criminal proceedings in a different scandal. Mr. Lougheed was charged with unlawfully influencing or negotiating an appointment and counselling an offence not committed after they allegedly offered a government job to former Liberal candidate Andrew Olivier in exchange for dropping their bid for the party's nomination in a by-election in Sudbury.
With reports from Karen Howlett and Jane Taber
If hard pressed to pick an Android(s goog) app of the year, I'd have to go with AirDroid. We can debate if there's a better choice, but every Android owner that wants an easy way to manage their Android phone from any computer should take a serious look at this app. The free software not only replaces my app of choice for wirelessly transferring files to a computer — I was using WiFi File transfer, which I recommended this time last year — it also adds support for management of files, contacts, ringtones, videos, images, and music. And that's on top the ability to text contacts on your phone via your computer.
I find that AirDroid is a perfect companion app for whatever Android device I'm using when I'm actually sitting in front of a computer. A standard web browser connects the computer to the Android phone: You just point your browser at web.airdroid.com and the devices are connected over the same Wi-Fi network. You can enter a password to secure the connection, or use the AirDroid app to scan a QR code that appears in the browser. I prefer the second method: It's quick and easy.
Advertisement
Once connected, the computer browser shows a desktop-like interface to the Android smartphone or tablet. There are numerous icons for different activities and data: Files opens up a file manager for the phone, for example. Music, Videos, Messages and Call Logs all show their respective Android data as well. Or, if your device is rooted, you can click the Screenshot icon to snap an image of the Android device remotely.
Want to open up a URL on the phone from the PC? There's a field for that too, as well as a clipboard for notes and detailed information regarding your Android's storage capacity. Your Android's signal strength for Wi-Fi and cellular network appear at the bottom right of the browser, alongside the device's remaining battery percentage.
Using the various icons for data management makes it easy to wirelessly upload to the connected Android (or download from the device) any music files, videos, pictures or ringtones. You can also change the ringtone settings. And those video files on the Android tablet or handset can be watched on the larger screen of a computer too. Essentially, this web-based interface is a Swiss Army knife of tools for your Android. And the companion app offers the same features right on the Android device: Access to the file manager, device statistics and more. Here's a look at what you can do to your Android phone or tablet from the browser:
It's true that Google Android devices never needed a computer for device management — that's by design — but in some cases, it's handy to use a computer to get at files on an Android or move them locally across a network for use on PC, Chromebook or Mac(s aap). I can't think of a program that does this better than AirDroid.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The French presidential candidates react to the results of the first round of voting
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is wooing far-right voters after losing narrowly to their Socialist rival in the presidential election's first round.
Francois Hollande came top with 28.6% and Mr Sarkozy got 27.1% - the first time a sitting president has lost in the first round.
Third-place Marine Le Pen took the largest share of the vote their far-right National Front has ever won, with 18%.
Referring to their voters, Mr Sarkozy said: "I have heard you."
"There was this crisis vote that doubled from one election to another - an answer must be given to this crisis vote," they said.
In a speech to supporters in Tours, Mr Sarkozy also blamed "a media unleashed" for their first round result.
"We were campaigning against caricatures and lies... and I thank you for your support," they said.
Pollsters say Mr Hollande is the clear favourite to win the second round on 6 May, a duel between them and Mr Sarkozy, who leads the centre-right UMP.
Analysis There is one clear favourite - Hollande. They have a big pool of votes on their left, and he's guaranteed to get them, more or less. On the right there isn't the same automaticity with Le Pen voters backing Sarkozy. Marine Le Pen has solid support, they have pulled off a major coup - 6.3 million voters chose them They have a clear interest in Sarkozy losing. They want their party to implode and their party to then pick up some right-wingers from their party and become the main opposition to the Left.
If Mr Hollande wins they will become the first Socialist president in France in 17 years.
Intense campaigning has resumed, with Mr Sarkozy travelling to Tours in the Loire Valley, central France, while Mr Hollande went to the western towns of Quimper and Lorient, in Brittany.
Speaking to around 3,000 rain-drenched supporters in Quimper, one of their strongholds, Mr Hollande described themselves as the candidate of change.
They said they wanted to speak to all French people, not just the left or right.
"My message? We are a large country and we will recover - we have no need of divisions," they said.
How many debates?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Marine Le Pen: "I don't believe Nicolas Sarkozy is sincere anymore"
Around one in five people voted for Ms Le Pen, including many young and working class voters, putting them ahead of seven other candidates.
The election has been dominated by economic issues, with voters concerned with sluggish growth and rising unemployment.
Ms Le Pen, who campaigned on a nationalist, anti-immigration platform, said they would wait until May Day next week to give their view on the second round.
They told jubilant supporters that the result was "only the start" and that the party was now "the only opposition" to the Left.
Opinion polls taken after voting on Sunday suggested that between 48% and 60% of Le Pen voters would switch to backing Mr Sarkozy in the second round.
But pollsters also predict a large abstention rate in the second round.
The BBC's Europe editor Gavin Hewitt says the result revealed a dissatisfaction and restlessness in France, creating political volatility. The elites are despised, the economic future is feared and there is insecurity, they say.
Nearly a fifth of voters backed a party - the National Front - that wants to ditch the euro and return to the franc.
Reacting to the Front's success on Monday both the President of the European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel warned that populist politics was a threat to Europe.
Mrs Merkel said the Front's "alarming" rise would probably be "ironed out" in the second round. They said they would continue to support Mr Sarkozy.
Mr Barroso said the economic crisis had provided "political ground for populism to develop".
Wages, pensions, taxation, and unemployment have been topping the list of French voters' concerns.
Whereas Francois Hollande can tack to the centre, President Sarkozy must appeal to the right All to play for in France
Mr Sarkozy - in power since 2007 - said they understood "the anguish felt by the French" in a "fast-moving world".
They called for three debates during the two weeks to the second round - centring on the economy, social issues and international relations.
Mr Hollande promptly rejected the idea. They told reporters that the traditional single debate ahead of the second round was sufficient, and that it should "last as long as necessary".
Far-right shock
Turnout on Sunday was high, at more than 80%.
Ms Le Pen achieved more than the breakthrough score polled in 2002 by their father and predecessor, Jean-Marie Le Pen, who got through to the second round with more than 16%.
Leftist candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who was backed by the Communist Party, came fourth with almost 12%.
They urged their supporters unconditionally to rally behind Mr Hollande in the run-off.
Centrist Francois Bayrou, who was hoping to repeat their high 2007 score of 18%, garnered only about 9%.
President Sarkozy has promised to reduce France's large budget deficit and to tax people who leave the country for tax reasons.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Parisians on the success of National Front leader Marine Le Pen
Mr Hollande has strongly criticised Mr Sarkozy's economic record.
The Socialist candidate has promised to raise taxes on big corporations and people earning more than 1m euros a year.
They also want to raise the minimum wage, hire 60,000 more teachers and lower the retirement age from 62 to 60 for some workers.
If elected, Mr Hollande would be France's first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand, who completed two seven-year terms between 1981 and 1995.
Today, In Bitcoin We Trust, a virtual currency exchange, launched. In Bitcoin We Trust (IBWT)will initially be working with Bitcoin, potentially expanding to encompass Litecoin and other viable digital currencies as time goes on. This UK based exchange will accept GBP to date and plans on expanding to accept euros. As one of the first UK exchanges, IBWT will plan on taking a wait and see approach to how the US market develops before getting involved in USD.
IBWT serves as the United Kingdom's only virtual currency exchanged solely handling Bitcoin. Fully verified services currently only available to UK residents and individuals with a UK bank account. IBWT has capped customer account and withdrawal/deposit limits at £1,000. After some time the IBWT team plans to expand customer account limits. While currently having one tier of customers, IBWT hopes to expand tiers to allow for higher value deposits and withdrawals. While gradually increasing customer account and withdrawal limits, IBWT plans to strategically grow as one of the first British cryptocurrency exchanges.
IBWT uses the Faster Payments system within the UK, allowing wire transfers (deposits/withdrawals), once cleared, to be processed within 2 hours, excluding weekends. Additionally, to protect the privacy of customers, unverified customers can use almost all services, deposit/withdraw bitcoins and trade on the trading platform. Verified customers can also deposit and withdraw fiat GDP.
Currently, IBWT is not governed by HMRC (Her Majesty's Revenue and Customers) or FCA (Financial Conduct Authority, recently known as the FSA, Financial Services Authority). However IBWT leadership plans on adhering to any regulatory changes required by the UK government. Working to improve the visibility and credibility of cryptocurrencies and non traditional exchanges, IBWT plans on providing an example of how an exchange can operate within the regulatory framework of the United Kingdom. IBWT will establish a business network of exchanges to further build confidence in cryptocurrency exchanges in the UK and around the world.
The IBWT team intends to provide a more secure platform for transacting Bitcoin and related cryptocurrencies. Security is ensured with Cold Storage, SSL 256-bit encryption & 2FA. In particular IBWT uses a method of enforced (email ToTP) Two-Factor Authentication for user account to log in to ibwt.co.uk. IBWT customers can also set an extra layer of security, (google authenticator) Time-based One-time Password Algorithm (TOTP) for login, withdrawal/deposits and settings.
In addition to serving as a secure exchange, IBWT will work to provide top customer service. To maintain profitability of their site, IBWT will charge only 0.8% per transaction. To avoid a lengthy approval process, IBWT is committed to a simple verification process, meaning one can become a full customer in a matter of days. With a dedicated server for an enhanced customer experience, IBWT hopes to build up customer trust and serve as a convenient yet secure exchange. All deposits and withdrawals run through wire transfers and while services are only available to UK residents to date, IBWT plans on expanding its user base.
As the Bitcoin and cryptocurrency ecosystem is only as strong as an active userbase, IBWT aims to encourage financial participation in the UK and around the world. With a new Bitcoin and cryptocurrency related exchange in the UK, IBWT will promote cooperative business practices with traditional and non-traditional banks. Bitcoin Magazine encourages readers in the UK to check out In Bitcoin We Trust. Please visit the IBWT exchange or the IBWT Facebook Page for further information and updates.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 12, 2017, 9:53 PM GMT / Updated July 12, 2017, 10:16 PM GMT By Benjy Sarlin
WASHINGTON — It's a simple question, but for some Republicans on Wednesday it was a hard one to answer: Would you take a meeting with someone you were told was spearheading a Russian government plan to boost your campaign?
Until news broke on Tuesday that Donald Trump Jr. sat down with a lawyer they were told was a Russian government operative promising damaging information on Hillary Clinton, the idea that campaigns should refuse secret help from foreigners was an uncontroversial idea.
That's not the case today. Interviews with Republican lawmakers and a former Republican presidential candidate yielded a range of responses, with some refusing to take a position and others saying they would reject foreign entreaties and, in some cases, alert authorities.
Speaker Paul Ryan declined to answer whether they would have accepted a similar meeting with a Russian operative offering campaign help.
“Oh, I'm not going to go into hypotheticals,” Ryan said at a press conference. They added, however, that they supported Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Ryan wasn't the only one reluctant to imagine such a scenario.
“I tell you what, I'm not going to answer a hypothetical on that, I just won't,” said Senator Steve Daines, R-Mont., when asked how he'd respond to an email offering a meeting to discuss Russian aid for their campaign. “Clearly, there is going to be continued discussion on this investigation.”
Daines said they had not read Trump Jr.'s emails, citing their busy schedule working on legislative matters.
On the other end of the spectrum, Senator Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., pushed the president's nominee for FBI Director, Christopher Wray, to clarify whether candidates should reject such overtures and alert law enforcement.
“You're going to be the director of the FBI, pal,” Graham said at Wray's confirmation hearing. “So here's what I want you to tell every politician: If you get a call from somebody suggesting that a foreign government wants to help you by disparaging your opponent, tell us all to call the FBI.”
Senate Judiciary Committee member Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington on March 21, 2017. Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP file
Senator Orrin Hatch, R-Utah told NBC News that Trump Jr. was a “very nice young man” and that criticism surrounding them was “overblown.” But when asked whether they would have met with someone who purportedly wanted to lend their campaign Russian government support, their response was: “No!”
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas, said if they received a message promising Russian help for their re-election it would “go to my junk email box and be erased.”
“I would not respond,” Senator Bob Corker, R-Tenn. said, adding they would potentially contact the FBI.
"It's hard to put yourself in that position other than saying I don't think it would be appropriate to have that meeting,” Senator Rob Portman, R-Ohio, said.
Republican presidential candidate and former U.S .Sen. Rick Santorum (R-PA) addresses the Values Voter Summit ON October 7, 2011 in Washington, DC. Alex Wong / Getty Images
“I would not have taken a meeting, for sure,” said former senator and two-time presidential candidate Rick Santorum, who was on the Hill on Wednesday.
Trump Jr. told Fox News on Tuesday that they “probably would have done things a little differently” in retrospect and added that they would have contacted authorities if the meeting produced any illegal material.
“Obviously, what we would've done is a little different, probably, and even Don Jr. has indicated hindsight's 20/20,” Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., said on MSNBC. “They're going to go through that process and they're going to have to answer for these emails and the investigation will take its course.”
KINSHASA (Reuters) - Congolese authorities have identified 10 more mass graves in a region where the military and militia fighters accuse each other of summary executions and burials.
The 10 new graves announced by the military on Monday bring to 52 the total number of such sites found in the Kasai region since the start of an insurrection last August by the Kamuina Nsapu militia which wants the withdrawal of military forces from the area.
Army prosecutor General Joseph Ponde told reporters in the capital Kinshasa that Kamuina Nsapu fighters were suspected of dumping bodies in the graves in Kasai province. The government also blamed the militia for mass graves discovered in neighboring Kasai-Central province.
But witnesses in Kasai-Central interviewed in March by Reuters said they had seen army trucks dumping bodies.
Bodies have not been exhumed from the newly found graves -discovered by Red Cross workers - and there are no estimates of the number of people buried in them.
More than 3,000 people have been killed in fighting between government forces and Kamuina Nsapu, according to the local Catholic church.
Another 1.3 million have fled their homes in an insurgency which poses the most serious threat to the rule of President Joseph Kabila who refused to step down at the end of their constitutional mandate in December.
The United Nations' human rights chief last week accused a militia with links to the government of murdering and mutilating civilians in Kasai.
Congolese authorities deny those charges.
Last week, the U.N. Human Rights Council approved an international investigation into the violence, though Congolese authorities insist U.N. investigators will only be providing technical assistance.
Paramedics drop organ in front of photographers after it was rushed to hospital by police helicopter for transplant
It was a heart-stopping moment – or nearly so: rushing from a helicopter, two Mexican medics dropped a human heart being ferried to hospital for a transplant. And to compound their embarrassment, press photographers were there to capture the mishap.
Thankfully, the transplant was carried out successfully, although that has not stopped the medics being widely ridiculed online.
The heart was being transported by a police helicopter to a hospital in Mexico City on Wednesday, in what police described as "a rapid, precision manoeuvre" after being flown in from León, in the state of Guanajuato.
In their haste to leave the helicopter, one of the medics tripped, dropping the cooler containing the heart. A bag containing the organ rolled out on to the concrete, along with ice and a bag of saline.
Recovering their composure, the medics picked up the bag containing the heart, replaced it in the cooler and rushed onwards to the La Raza hospital.
After almost four hours of surgery, hospital officials reported that the operation had been successful and "without incident". But doctors will have to wait 72 hours to see if the recipient, a 20-year-old woman, has accepted the new organ, which was donated by a 24-year-old man who died on Tuesday after a car crash.
A spokesperson from Mexico's health secretariat said of the incident: "Fortunately, the heart was protected and not damaged." They explained that the heart was protected in a waterproof steel container, which meant it was never exposed to the outside environment.
Nevertheless, Mexicans were quick to poke fun at the medics online. On the El Universal website, Huevara Nomedejancambiarlo wrote: "Congratulations to the Mexican physicians who successfully carried out the first transplant of ground beef."
The spilling of the contents of the cooler caused traffic chaos, according to one report, closing the road in question for 30 minutes. Another report suggested media photographers keen to get a picture of transportation of the heart had contributed to the accident by blocking the path of the medics.
About 40% of families in Guanajuato, where the donor, Rafael Gomez, came from, agree to donate organs. The medical authorities will be hoping this very public embarrassment will not put people off in future.
In the past weeks we have witnessed a lot of tension between these 2 communities. Arguments about which one is "better" flood the gates of the world wide web. In this article I'm going to delve into the world of cryptocurrency and extract the core principles behind these two cryptographic monsters. I'm going to outline the pro's and con's of each and shine a spotlight on the driving force behind the organizations that are pushing these technologies forward.
The Fight Begins:
Bitcoin. The Grandfather of Decentralization
Any way you cut the cake you have to stand in awe of papa bitcoin. Bitcoin is like the grand-master sage that demands respect from its peers. It was born in the darkness of the 2008 financial crisis and has been lurking about in the shadows of the virtual underworld, providing society with an alternative to the parasitic economic systems that plague nations around the world.
The beauty of bitcoin lies in a mixture of it's rarity and it's underlying technology called the blockchain. It forces those who wish to understand it to question the fundamentals of the economic system...
Bitcoin's main innovations
1. Bitcoin is based on a system of mathematical truths. These truths are transparent and view-able to anybody in the bitcoin whitepaper.
2. Unlike the current economic system, the number of bitcoins that will be in circulation has been etched in stone at 21 million. This fact gives it the same property that makes gold valuable, rarity.
3. Bitcoin has created a way to enable truly peer to peer transactions without the need for a middleman (bank).
4. It has made possible the instant (well, almost instant, 10ish minutes) transfer of wealth to anybody, anywhere, for any reason.
5. It merged the idea of blockchain technology with the world of currency. Which turned out to be an incredible idea.
A few sucky things
- It is a dauntingly time-consuming task to create a program using the bitcoin protocol. Which makes it a little impractical to scale the project.
- Transaction times are not the quickest
- Large mining operations have created a semi-monopoly on the ownership of bitcoins
Now, if that list of innovations didn't make your pants a little tighter... I honestly don't know what will. Bitcoin is a truly revolutionary worldwide currency that can be used for peer to peer transactions and has intrinsic value due to it being a rare commodity. Bitcoin provided the framework for Ethereum to flourish... Speaking of Ethereum, let me introduce our next contestant...
Ethereum. The Revolutionary Young Buck
Ethereum burst into the scene, carrying with it an ecosystem of tools to construct a decentralized world, based on an "upgraded" version of bitcoin's underlying technology. Ethereum's genius lies in it's grandiose infrastructure that was curated by a compelling group of superhumans. Built with the intention of becoming the framework for a truly decentralized society, Ethereum's vision is compelling to say the least. Flocks of programmers and entrepreneurs have rushed to the scene to take advantage of Ethereum's simple to use but incredibly advanced construction tools.
Ethereum's genius
1. Like bitcoin, Ethereum is based on blockchain technology and has a built-in cryptocurrency. Unlike bitcoin, Ethereum combines currency with infrastructural tools created to ease the design of decentralized applications and takes mass scaling into account.The underlying beauty behind Ethereum is it's ability to provide the tools to create any sort of decentralized service that you can possibly wish into existence.
2. Ethereum is leaning towards a 12-60 second transaction time.
3. Ethereum deploys the use of "smart contracts" which is essentially an unbreakable agreement between a party of people in which neither party needs to trust the other party, because the information behind the agreement is readily available within the contract, and automatically executed once the contracts conditions are met...
4. Ethereum is Turing complete! Which means it is computationally universal. Given enough time and computing power, Ethereum can solve any problem.
5. The "Greedy Heaviest Observed Subtree" (GHOST) protocol . This essentially removes the possibility of people monopolizing the control of ether.
6. Instead of having a capped amount of Ether in existence. Etherum has decided to implement a permanently growing linear supply of Ether. This gives anybody in the present era, or future, a fair chance of acquiring the currency. There will be no elephants squatting on the wealth. However, if you choose to use ether as a means of saving wealth, you can because the "supply growth rate" still tends to zero over time. This takes into account the loss of ether from improper storage or unrecoverable funds.
The sucky stuff
- It has scaled at an exuberant rate and therefore given rise to some security issues.
-The hard fork really bummed some people out.
In Conclusion
Ethereum is like Bitcoin's annoying, intelligent, younger brother. Young gun Ethereum is slapping Bitcoin around and stampeding on their territory.
Ethereum brings a whole new set of tools to the table and creates a stable platform for decentralized innovation. Bitcoin has introduced the grand idea of decentralized currency to the world and will always have intrinsic value due to its rarity (and possibly its history). In the end I think these two compliment each-other very well... Maybe they are more just like a couple of bros, hangin out, and trying to make the world a better place.
Comment below with your thoughts!
P.S. Don't forget so smack that up arrow with your cursor!
