Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has long insisted that Palestinians stay out of the Syrian conflict. It was not immediately clear why Majdalani, sent by Abbas to Damascus to deal with the Yarmouk crisis, came out in support of Palestinian military involvement in Syria.
The contradictory comments exposed internal Palestinian disagreements on how to handle the growing crisis in Yarmouk, where thousands of civilians are trapped under appalling conditions.
Wasel Abu Yousef, a senior PLO official based in the West Bank town of Ramallah, said Friday that negotiating safe passage for Yarmouk's besieged residents and for humanitarian supplies is preferable to military action.
"We know that if the [Syrian] army, with its planes and tanks, would interfere, this would mean the complete destruction of the camp," they said.
A Damascus-based Palestinian official, Khaled Abdul-Majid, said the back and forth was not helping Yarmouk. They said the PLO was backing away from earlier statements "as a result of pressure from external sides." They did not elaborate, but said Damascus-based Palestinian factions will stick to the agreement reached on joining Syrian troops in driving ISIL militants out.
ISIL fighters overran much of Yarmouk last week, establishing a foothold in the Syrian capital for the first time. The incursion is the latest trial for Yarmouk's estimated 18,000 remaining residents, who have already suffered through a devastating two-year government siege, starvation and disease.
Residents say there is barely enough food and water, and hospitals have long run out of drugs and supplies.
A U.N. official, Chris Gunness, said they were concerned the violence was intensifying and said all diplomatic, economic and religious levers must be used to influence the parties on the ground.
"Yarmouk is at the lower reaches of hell. It must not be allowed to descend further," they said.
Reporters visiting Yarmouk on a government-escorted tour Thursday saw the empty shells of buildings at the camp's northern entrance. In its dusty and deserted streets, a few sheep foraged in the rubble.
Yarmouk was established in 1957 as a refuge for Palestinians forced from their homes during the 1948 war that resulted in the creation of Israel. In subsequent decades, it grew into a built-up residential area housing tens of thousands of Palestinians and Syrians.
A Syrian government official has said driving ISIL out of Yarmouk by force is a top priority and the only option.
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the mayhem has turned Yarmouk into "the deepest circle of hell."
"A refugee camp is beginning to resemble a death camp," Ban told reporters at the U.N., adding that the residents, including 3,500 children, are being used as human shields by armed elements inside Yarmouk and government forces outside it.
Also Friday, activists said Syrian government airstrikes on the northern city of Raqqa, which is ISIL's de facto capital, killed at least four people.
The Raqqa Media Center, which operates in areas under ISIL control, said the airstrikes on residential areas killed four and wounded 15, while the Local Coordination Committees said four were killed and an unspecified number were wounded.
The Associated Press
A Tunisian man, who has been branded ‘the most hated man in Sweden' after video showed them attacking a woman in front of their two young children and then spitting on them at a metro station in Stockholm, is being deported to Denmark, Expressen.se reports.
The attack took place on January 5 at Gamla Stan station in the Swedish capital. The video footage shows the man kicking and punching the victim after they attempted to prevent them stealing from the handbag of an elderly woman.
To be sent to Denmark
The police went public with the video on Thursday and on Friday they were identified and arrested. It is reported that they sought asylum in Sweden in October but that their application was rejected and the Swedish migration agency Migrationsverket has decided to send them back to the last country they were in before entering Sweden, which is Denmark.
It was staff at Migrationsverket itself who identified the man from the video footage and alerted police to their whereabouts in a centre for refused asylum-seekers in the Stockholm suburb of Märsta. The man is currently in police custody awaiting trial, but denies the charges.
Ekstrabladet reports that, according to Ekrem Güngör, the man's lawyer, the Danish authorities have confirmed to the Swedish authorities that they are ready to receive him.
It's interesting how so many people with limited or no classroom teaching are quick to weigh in on educational issues. From Bill Gates and Eli Broad to Michelle Rhee and now Tony Smith, these self-proclaimed education “reformers” are short on education experience and long on placing the blame for educational failures where it doesn't belong.
The recent opinion piece by Tony Smith, former superintendent of Oakland Unified School District is full of misleading and false statements that only serve to distract us from the real problems facing our schools.
Contrary to what Tony Smith and the plaintiffs in the Vergara v. California case contend, laws protecting teachers' rights don't punish children. When students in our poorest neighborhoods receive a substandard education, it's not because hordes of “bad teachers” are being protected at their expense.
Our students are punished by the chronic underfunding of schools, which denies them access to smaller class sizes, a balance of new and veteran teachers, a curriculum that includes both the arts and career training, and sufficient support services.
In my role as president of the Oakland Education Association, I worked closely with Smith for three years. During that time we talked often about the importance of having excellent teachers in every classroom and about how the conditions of work affect every teacher's ability to be effective.
Despite Smith's claim, no teacher has lifetime tenure. After two years on probation, a teacher may be granted “permanent status,” which means they have the right to due process in the event of discipline or dismissal proceedings and cannot be dismissed for arbitrary or unfair reasons.
However, during the probationary period districts have the right under state law to dismiss teachers without cause. Smith is well aware that each year they were superintendent, the district routinely dismissed 50-70 new teachers before they could be granted permanent status.
Smith also claims that “once permanent employment is granted, it is nearly impossible to dismiss ineffective teachers for any reason other than criminal activity.” This is untrue, and they know full well that under their watch administrators were often negligent in doing their job of completing timely evaluations and documenting evidence of poor performance. Smith conveniently neglects to mention that the vast majority of teachers facing dismissal resign, retire, or reach settlement agreements with the district instead of going through a lengthy and costly process.
The laws they rail against provide all the tools needed to dismiss the few ineffective teachers in any district.
By blaming seniority for losing “passionate, hardworking, effective teachers” to budget-based layoffs, they pit new teachers against veteran teachers instead of focusing on the huge numbers of excellent teachers who regularly leave urban districts like Oakland.
By providing no criteria for determining whether a teacher is “effective,” they leave this decision to the whims of site administrators.
Instead of distorting facts to blame laws protecting teachers for inequitable education, why aren't Smith and other “reformers” more concerned that districts like Oakland lose so many good teachers each year because of difficult working conditions, large class sizes, lack of support services, low salaries, and poor administration?
Why don't they mention that of 300 new teachers who started working in Oakland in 2003, more than 76 percent had left by 2008?
If Smith was so concerned with excellent education in Oakland, why did they close five elementary schools in primarily minority neighborhoods and shut down adult education services to 25,000 parents and community members? Why didn't they focus on trying to get more funding for public education? Why are they trying to separate teachers' working conditions from our students' learning conditions?
Smith was just the latest in a string of carpetbaggers to descend on Oakland with big, empty promises. Let's hope they are the last.
Betty Olson-Jones is a fifth-grade teacher and former president of the Oakland Education Association.
Rockville High School principal Debra S. Munk will leave be leaving the Rams to train fledgling Montgomery County public school principals.
Them appointment as a "consulting principal" for the Department of Professional Growth System was made during the board of education meeting Tuesday.
The job takes effect July 1. MCPS Spokesman Dana Tofig said the school system would be conducting a principal search for Munk's replacement.
A position usually held by veteran principals, a consulting principal works with new and underperforming principals to help improve performance and student outcomes, Tofig said.
At the end of the three-year assignment, Tofig said, Munk would probably be placed in another position within the district.
The news comes after reports that Munk withdrew their name from the finalist pool of candidates for a superintendent position in Oregon earlier this year.
Munk reportedly told The Gazette that they visited the school system and "did not believe it was a good fit"
---
In related news, Earle B. Wood Middle School principal Eugenia S. Dawson was appointed as director of leadership team development.
Tofig said that position would also take effect July 1. The school system would conduct a principal search to replace Dawson.
A number of foreign-backed Takfiri terrorists, who have been arrested by the Syrian army, have confessed that they were trained in Turkey by the United States, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
The Takfiri militants, who were caught recently in the northwestern Syrian city of Aleppo, confessed in interviews broadcast by the Syrian state TV on Sunday that military personnel from the US, Saudi Arabia and Qatar had trained them on Turkey's soil.
One of the terrorists, identified as Ahmad Mustafa Mastari, said that he, along with other members of a terrorist group, had been sent to Aleppo after received military training in Turkey for 30 days.
They added that the foreign personnel had trained them for 45 days in the city of Salqin in the Syrian province of Idleb before the training in Turkey.
“I was among the force that attacked Jam'yat al-Zahraa in Aleppo, we were about 250 persons, but the operation failed and we were arrested by the army” Mastari said.
Another terrorist, called Mohammad Aqel Akk, said a group of terrorists, including himself, had been trained for 45 days in Salqin, adding that they were later sent to Turkey to complete their training.
They went on to say that besides receiving training, every trainee was given USD 200 in Turkey.
“We then returned to Aleppo and commenced a huge attack on army posts in Aleppo, but our operation was a failure and we got caught,” they added.
Qasem Abdullah, a terrorist who was caught by the Syrian army in Aleppo, said that they received five months of training in Turkey where they were receiving about USD 80 per month.
They added that they were among a group of 50 gunmen who took part in a failed attack in Aleppo.
“A number of us, including me, were injured in the attack and we decided to surrender to the army” they said.
Turkey is one of the main supporters of the Takfiri militancy against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, with reports showing that Ankara actively trains and arms the militants operating in Syria, and facilitates the safe passage of would-be foreign terrorists into the country, which has been gripped by a deadly crisis since 2011.
Washington, along with its Western and Arab allies, has been among the major supporters of Takfiri extremists operating in Syria.
The US and Turkey signed a deal in February to train and arm militants in Syria.
On May 25, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said militants were being trained and equipped in the central Turkish city of Kirsehir under the joint Ankara-Washington program.
The mission, which officially started in June, will see more than 15,000 foreign-backed militants trained on the Turkish soil in a three-year time period. Over 120 US soldiers are reportedly in Turkey to train the militants.
IA/MHB/AS
Image caption Some former Tuareg rebels have been absorbed into Mali's armed forces
Members of the Tuareg community in Mali say a large number of men from the Tuareg ethnic group have left Mali in the last week to join pro-Gaddafi forces in Libya.
"About 2-300 have left in the last seven days," said a senior elected official, who did not want to be named, from the Kidal region in the north of the country, where many Tuareg live.
Another Tuareg man from Kidal said: "It's true many young men are leaving. It all started about a week back."
They said they had spoken to people in a convoy of 40 vehicles who are in southern Algeria waiting to cross the border into Libya.
The elected official said: "They are being paid about $10,000 (£6,000) to join up and then I've heard they are being told that they will get $1,000 a day to fight."
These people are travelling through the desert. Nobody controls the borders in the Sahara
The official claimed that some of the money was coming through the Libyan embassy in the Malian capital, Bamako.
I contacted the embassy but was told only the ambassador could comment and they were sick.
Ever since the start of the uprising in Libya there have been reports of Colonel Gaddafi using "mercenaries" to put down the protesters.
Eyewitnesses have talked of Africans of darker skin firing on protesters, speculating that they might be coming from countries such as Chad, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Niger, Mali and Sudan.
Some of these black African fighters have been in Libya for many years, however. Some have been in the armed forces for much of that time and some have taken on Libyan nationality.
It is only in recent days that reports of people who fit with a more classic definition of "mercenary" have been coming to light and one of the places of recruitment is Mali.
Historical links
The Tuareg are a traditionally nomadic people who live in the Sahel-Sahara zone of north-west Africa. There have also been reports of Tuareg from Algeria and Niger making the journey to Libya.
The Tuareg and Colonel Gaddafi have a long history.
In the early 1970s, Gaddafi created their Islamic Legion. This was supposed to be an Islamic military force that would fight for a unified Islamic state in north Africa.
Many Tuaregs joined up, lured then too by the promise of cash salaries at a time when the Sahel-Sahara zone was experiencing a terrible drought.
The Legion ended up fighting in places like Chad, Sudan and Lebanon but in the late 1980s it was disbanded. Many Tuaregs stayed in Libya and joined the country's armed forces.
The other major link between the Tuareg and Col Gaddafi's government is the various Tuareg rebellions in the region.
The Tuaregs in Mali and Niger have fought on and off for many years with their central governments, demanding greater independence or at the very least much investment in the areas they live.
Col Gaddafi has been accused of supporting these rebellions. What is sure is that they have helped broker peace deals and offered sanctuary to former rebels when the fighting was over.
It is these historical links that are now being called upon to get Tuareg to Libya.
"There were people who took part in the Tuareg rebellion here in Mali who then joined the Libyan Army," the official from the Kidal region said.
"These people have very good contacts, of course, to the Tuareg who stayed behind and they are now asking them to come to Libya."
Lure of cash
The Malian government has yet to make an official statement about the allegations.
But a source at Mali's foreign ministry said: "The government of Mali is strongly opposed to the use mercenaries in any armed conflict and is not in any way facilitating the movement of these people. We're thinking at the moment about how we can stop this."
Image caption Some of these captured alleged mercenaries are from Mali, according to anti-Gaddafi forces
Another Malian government official admitted the task was not going to be easy.
"These people are travelling through the desert. Nobody controls the borders in the Sahara," they said.
It is about two days drive from northern Mali to southern Libya.
Many of the Tuareg who are leaving have experience either in the Tuareg rebellions, the Malian armed forces or the Libyan army. On top of this, some have been involved in smuggling drugs and people across the region.
In any case, these days in the Sahara most men know how to handle a weapon. People often travel armed.
The official from Kidal said the lure of huge salaries was just too tempting for young men in a zone where there are few other economic opportunities.
"Even some of my own family have gone to fight, even though I've been begging them not to."
Shane Jones wouldn't be quitting if they thought they were going to be in government next year. Their resignation is a very clear warning bell; Labour cannot win if it loses people like Shane Jones and voters who support him.
And Labour cannot keep Shane Jones and the people who support them unless it looks like a party capable of winning, and that means a party that is inclusive, focused on jobs, better pay, and on celebrating opportunities for all of us to do better in life.
That is a basic core message that the Labour left ought to be able to unite around. The grave threat to Labour are the people, many of them Cunliffe supporters and workers in their own office, who are celebrating Shane's departure and calling for even more Labour voters to be purged.
Here's what Martyn Bradbury said on the Daily Blog tonight:
“Labour dodge a bullet….(it's like) the relief of a haemorrhoid being surgically removed, losing Shane Jones is no different to that. Good riddance”.
Here's a taste of what they're saying on The Standard:
“Tracey
4.1.1.1
22 April 2014 at 6:40 pm
no shane jones was labours john key and accordingly pushed national policies. They Are IN THE WRONG PARTY HENCE They Have DISCUSSIONS WITH MCCULLY FOR SOME TIME.”
Some, not happy to stop at driving Shane out, want to see others gone too:
“Kerry @plateaunz Protected Tweets
Goff Mallard and King should have walked the plank.”
There's no problem finding other Labour party staffers and candidates who share the view that Labour needs fewer not more people on its side, and that it can define itself by throwing people out rather than bringing them in. These are the militants who make every issue, from man bans to building roads a litmus test, and if you fail - good riddance.
The viciousness of these heretic hunters is driving people out of the Labour party at a time when Labour needs all the votes it can get.
If you disagree with these policy police or attempt to debate an issue, you are not just an opponent - you're an enemy within.
This is a warning call for Labour; very few extra votes will be attracted to Labour because people like Shane are being driven out. And the more people who are driven out of the party, the more the party is dominated by people who don't even realise there is a problem, let alone what the problem is. The risk then, is not just that Labour ends up in opposition next year, but that it is in no better position to heal itself for future elections.
In 1996 the Labour party dropped to 14% in the polls, ten weeks out from an election. They choose not to batten down the hatches and double down on failed strategies. They looked at why they were so unpopular, and changed. They reached a more respectable 28% on election day, and laid the seeds for victory, and the most successful Labour government of my lifetime so far in 1999.
Today there is only one way to stop a calamity, and that is for genuine progressive to run towards the party and demand a focus on jobs, and higher wages, not on banning Nigella, or trucks, or roads, or whatever NGO the Labour party is trying to be this week.
Focus on what Labour is for, and stop being against every passing thing the government does. We want to hear more from people who celebrate New Zealanders and less from the heretic hunters who want to purge the party.
Look closely. That truck driver has both hands on their iPad.
Freightliner has been given a license to test out its autonomously driving tractor-trailer truck in the state of Nevada. The big-rig manufacturer already has such a truck in operation and will now begin test driving it on public highways there.
There will always be a licensed truck driver in the driver's seat but the Frieightliner Inspiration is designed and equipped to drive itself on limited access interstates. There are currently two of the trucks. A human driver will take full control when the truck is in city and suburban driving situations. Nevada is one of a few states that has legislation specifically allowing for the licensing of self-driving vehicles.
The Freightliner truck will stay in its lane and avoid hitting cars ahead with no driver input. Radar sensors and cameras will watch lane lines and surrounding traffic. Freightliner is owned by Daimler AG (DDAIY), which also makes Mercedes-Benz luxury cars. Mercedes has also been testing self-driving cars.
Trucks like this could reduce driver fatigue, according to Freightliner executives, and allow drivers to be more productive. While the truck is going down the highway, the driver could safely attend to paperwork or plan the next trip, for instance.
Automated trucks could also save fuel by driving in "platoons." In this scenario, automated trucks, communicating with one another electronically, could drive in a tightly packed line behind a lead truck. This would have huge aerodynamic benefits because only the truck in front would have to push through a lot of air. Each following truck would ride in a sort of bubble created by the truck in front of it.
Autonomous driving technology will, at some point, find its place in the trucking industry, said Wolfgang Bernhard, who heads Daimler's commercial truck operations.
"We don't believe that everyone is going to jump on immediately," they said. "It's a process."
Getting experimental trucks out on real roads is a step in that process.
"From an industry standpoint, it's going to be a question of cost versus benefit," said Ted Scott, director of engineering for the American Trucking Association, a group that represents the trucking industry. This technology is going to add to the cost of the rig which will still need a paid professional driver at the wheel.
Photos - 10 best car interiors
Not everyone is sold on the idea of self-driving semis. Scott Grenerth is director of regulatory affairs for the Owner Operator Independent Drivers Association (OOIDA), a group that represents independent truckers. They spend 13 years driving big rigs, they said, and he'd be very nervous handing control of an 80,000 pound vehicle to a bunch of cameras and sensors.
Given a big truck' long stopping distances and limited maneuverability, driving one requires the ability to correctly predict what's going to happen far out ahead. That requires foresight and intuition that are difficult to program into computers.
These trucks are going to have to pass through some tough legal checkpoints in coming years, Bernhard said. Right now, it's not clear, in the event of a crash, who would be responsible, the truck or the driver? Also, interstate trucks, by definition, travel across multiple states. This technology won't be practical if rules about its use vary from one state to the next.
In many states, for instance, using an iPad in the driver's seat would be illegal even if the truck could drive itself, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who has written about autonomous vehicles. Also, in New York, the law specifically states that the driver must have a hand on the steering wheel at all times, they said.
Self-driving trucks are coming, though, Bernhard said, and probably sooner than many people think.
"Long before autonomous vehicles are cruising the suburbs," they said, "you will have autonomous trucks on the highway."
Image copyright Yonatan Tesfaye Image caption Yonatan Tesfaye now faces a sentence of up to 20 years
Ethiopian opposition politician Yonatan Tesfaye has been found guilty of encouraging terrorism for comments they made on Facebook.
They were arrested in December 2015 as a wave of anti-government protests in the Oromia region was gathering momentum.
The authorities objected to several posts including one in which they said the government used "force against the people instead of peaceful discussion".
Ethiopia has been criticised for using anti-terror laws to silence dissent.
Amnesty International described the charges as "trumped up", when they were confirmed in May 2016.
A section of Ethiopia's anti-terror law says that anyone who makes a statement that could be seen as encouraging people to commit an act of terror can be prosecuted.
In a translation of the charge sheet by the Ethiopian Human Rights Project that details the Facebook comments, Mr Yonatan allegedly said: "I am telling you to destroy [the ruling party's] oppressive materials... Now is the time to make our killers lame."
Mr Yonatan, who was a spokesperson for the opposition Blue Party, is due to be sentenced later this month and faces up to 20 years' imprisonment.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Protesters from Oromia and Amhara have been complaining about political and economic marginalisation
The government faced unprecedented protests from November 2015 as people in the Oromia region complained of political and economic marginalisation.
The protests also spread to other parts of the country.
More than 600 people died in clashes between security forces and the demonstrators as the authorities tried to deal with the unrest, according to the state-affiliated Human Rights Commission.
The government introduced a state of emergency last October to bring the situation under control.
Opposition leader Merera Gudina was arrested last December for criticising the state of emergency and they are still being held.
Late Sunday night, an unidentified person associated with the hacktivist group “Anonymous” released footage of the New York Police Department evicting Occupy Wall Street protesters from their encampment in Zuccotti Park last year.
A statement accompanying the 85 files said the footage was recorded by the NYPD's Technical Assistance Response Unit (TARU) and accused the department of “trying to cover up their brutality” by editing the video. The files have been uploaded to the Internet using the file-sharing service BitTorrent.
The NYPD had been “conspicuously and routinely videotaping protest activity” in Zuccotti Park last year, according to the New York Civil Liberties Union. Police set up two surveillance cameras near the demonstration, which recorded the protesters nonstop.
The videos, which include footage from both stationary surveillance and hand-held cameras, show NYPD officers removing protesters from the park in November 2011 and arresting those who refused to leave.
The eviction came as the Occupy Wall Street demonstration against economic inequality neared its two-month anniversary. The protesters had planned a provocative “day of action” to shut down Wall Street. During the raid, police surrounded the park and refused to allow anyone in, including reporters.
A number of reporters complained of a media blackout regarding the morning raid and several journalists were arrested by authorities.
It is unclear how the footage was obtained. NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Public Information Paul Browne has suggested the footage came from court records.
“The TARU's detective voice, if genuine, sounds like it may have be taken from material turned over to plaintiffs who are suing the police. It was not ‘leaked' by the police, but possibly by someone suing us, and not much of a leak since it's part of the court record,” Browne told Politicker.
Germany's Minister for the Environment, Barbara Hendricks, has conducted talks with the Belgian government on extending the lifespan of its two nuclear power stations. They agreed to strengthen cooperation on nuclear safety. EURACTIV Germany reports.
However, this is not enough for the people of the German city of Aachen, which lies on the border with both Belgium and Netherlands. The threat of a possible nuclear incident at the aging Tihange facility, located only 60 kilometres from the city, has prompted the Aachen city region to launch legal proceedings. EURACTIV Germany spoke with Claus Mayr about the rising tensions.
Claus Mayr is the Director of European Policy at the German Society for Nature Conservation (NABU), and lives with their family in Aachen.
Mayr was interviewed by EURACTIV Germany's Editor-in-Chief, Ama Lorenz.
How do you assess the action that is being mooted?
I don't want to dampen anyone's spirits. Indeed, it is most welcome that the city region of Aachen, Aachen itself and some Dutch municipalities like Maastricht, have joined forces to oppose what the press have dubbed the “scrap reactors” of Tihange. It's an important political signal. However, based on my long experience with European environmental and nature protection law, I would say that it won't be possible to stop the prolonging of the reactors' operational lives in the courts. Although, it will be interesting to see what the leading law firms bring to the table.
The directive on environmental information that was pushed through by the European Parliament, the Council and the member states in 2003 could come into play then.
Certainly. In fact, the talks held yesterday (1 February) were very much aimed at improving the sharing of mutual information. But beyond that? The switching on or off of nuclear reactors does not fall under the remit of Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) or the Espoo Convention that came into force in 1997.
>>Read: Further setback for Germany's planned coal phase out
This contrasts with the example of the Dutch nuclear plant in Borssele, which the Netherlands planned to expand a few years ago, and which Germany and local citizens managed to contest. Ultimately, the plans were shelved, not least down to the fact that its financial backing dried up.
Barbara Hendricks brought up the issue of cross-border environmental impact assessments during their talks yesterday, stating their wish that Belgium had carried one out before deciding to extend the lifespan of the plants, despite not being legally obligated to. How do we find ourselves in a situation where there is no legal framework in place for cross-border issues of nuclear safety?
The main problem is that the EURATOM Treaty of 1957 is still in place, and that each member state still holds independent responsibility on the construction and operation of nuclear power stations. Even the European Commission's proposed “stress tests”, which came about in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima disaster, were unable to find a majority in the Council of Ministers or the European Parliament. With all this in mind, one has to conclude that the German Environment Ministry has no possibility of influencing the Belgian authorities.
After nearly 60 years and a number of nuclear disasters, surely it is time that the EU agrees to revise the EURATOM Treaty.
The chances of this happening have maybe improved since the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 and the Fukushima incident, as a number of EU states have decided to phase out nuclear power. The 2004 EU enlargement saw numerous nuclear power plants come into the EU, but many are just remnants of the Soviet era. For example, the Ignalina facility in Lithuania was shut as part of the country's accession, through the help of EU subsidies, i.e. taxpayer money.
>>Read: Auditors find that German nuclear providers can afford phase-out
The German government, supported by the Bundestag and members of the regional parliament, should use public scepticism of nuclear power to push for treaty changes, through Angela Merkel at the European Council, as well as Sigmar Gabriel and Hendricks themselves at the Council of Ministers. The same applies for the Parliament. Martin Schulz could end their term as Parliament president in style by succeeding in gaining changes, where they failed back in 2014.
Do you think the Aachen situation will make waves and even have an impact on an EU-wide solution?
Extraordinary events can bring about change. The Chernobyl disaster led to Germany establishing a new ministry dedicated to nuclear energy, the BMUB, while Italy was the first EU state the phase out nuclear energy. Fukushima convinced Germany to start its own phase out plan, which other EU and non-EU states, such as Switzerland, had already started. Perhaps the Tihange case can bring about change without the need for a serious nuclear disaster first.
Many players came out of free agency this offseason with a foul taste in their mouths.
Mike Wallace wasn't one of them. The playmaking wide receiver landed a five-year, $60 million contract with the Miami Dolphins. Wallace was happy to secure the deal they wanted, but they don't like any misconceptions that might have come with it.
"In free agency, with so many great guys, when you get the prize deal, it's always a good feeling," Wallace told USA Today after Wednesday's minicamp practice. "I just wanted to be happy. Money isn't everything. A lot of people last year, when I held out in Pittsburgh, took it the wrong way, felt like I was just being greedy."
Wallace's father, Mike Wallace III, said their son turned down a $76 million offer from the Minnesota Vikings. According to the father, the Vikings tried to sell Wallace on the idea that they only had to spend time in cold and snowy Minnesota during the season. Wallace had their heart set on South Beach all along.
"I know this: He's going to give Miami their money's worth," Wallace's father said. "Dolphins fans are going to love him. They worked hard and deserved everything they got. So don't call them selfish."
We're not going to call Wallace selfish. They earned the right to cash in during free agency, and they took advantage of it. Good for him. But we're sorry: If this is true, heads need to be examined in Minnesota. Wallace being offered $76 million? Panic in a Percy-free world.
Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @DanHanzus.
If I were paying people to come up with stories like CNN's allegation of Russia using Pokémon Go to meddle in the US election, I would say they really need to do better as nobody is going to buy this, political cartoonist Ted Rall told RT.
The augmented-reality game Pokémon Go has been linked to Russia's alleged meddling into the US elections, according to a CNN investigation.
It is claimed a supposedly Russian-linked online group called 'Don't Shoot Us' used the game to intensify racial tension among Americans. The report alleges the site encouraged people involved in the Black Lives Matter movement to play Pokémon Go in places where police brutality incidents had occurred.
RT: CNN claims it has proof of Russia's meddling in American politics again, this time through the reality game Pokémon Go. Is there any limit to Russian meddling?
Ted Rall: The purported link between Russia and the Pokémon Go project is tenuous at best. There is really no evidence whatsoever that ties this alleged Russian group to this Pokémon Go project… There are kind of two hilarious things about it. One is the idea that this would be something that would necessarily be wrong. After all, this was a project that drew attention to genuine incidents of police brutality and shooting of people of color by white American police officers. No one is alleging that anything fake took place here. This is not so-called fake news. The other idea that interfering with Pokémon Go could have changed the outcome of a major presidential election is hilarious. At this point, you have to look at the Russiagate controversy. If I were paying the people who are coming up with these stories, I would be pretty upset, I'd say “you guys really need to do better than this.” Nobody is going to care or buy any of these.
RT: The investigation claims this was a plot to whip up racial tension in the US by encouraging people to play Pokémon in places where police brutality incidents happened. But how exactly would that incite racial conflict?
Read more
TR: Racial conflict is already here. Racial conflict is, unfortunately, part of the fabric of American society and politics. It is part of the political system. Racial tension doesn't come from people pointing to racial tension – racial tension comes from the actual oppression of minorities by the state and by its actors. The argument here that the media seems to be making – at least in some sectors of the American media is that if a cop shoots a black person and nobody reports it, notices it, or protests it, then it doesn't matter. It only becomes a major issue if someone reports it. That is obviously not true. The fact is that when white officers shoot black people, it makes a lot of people upset - their friends, their families, their community – anybody who cares about racial justice. Just merely pointing the finger at this – raising racial tensions – is wrong. What it would be doing is merely drawing attention to preexisting racial tensions.
RT: Facebook,Twitter, YouTube...now Pokémon Go. Is cybersecurity in the US so poor that nothing is safe from the Kremlin's reach?
TR:…The best I can go with here is the theory, it is a subversive attempt to use a seemingly innocuous video game on telephones that kids and adults enjoy, to draw them into the fraud world of the racial divide between white cops and black shooting victims and that would inflame racial tensions.. I don't think that is a very credible theory, but that seems to be that.
...Obviously security in American tech companies does leave a lot to be desired. As anybody who recently had their credit reports stolen by hackers who got into Equifax, or previously companies like Target. There is no question that security is a weak thing. I think the Russiagate narrative that is really interesting to me is that even by the accounts of those who are promoting this theory on MSNBC, CNN and other networks the scale of it is so minute that even if every word were true, and that is extremely doubtful, it is hard to believe that it could have had any significant impact whatsoever. This was an election, which had a spending of $3 billion between the two major parties – the Democrats and the Republicans. The allegations of $10,000 here, $100 on Facebook being spent - it is a drop in the bucket, it is like putting a cup of water into the Atlantic Ocean and thinking it is going to change the sea level. It couldn't have had any effect. I think anybody who listens to the story would know that which is why it is kind of on its face so absurd.
(CNN) -- A British man beat 34,000 other applicants Wednesday to win, what has been dubbed, "the best job in the world" -- to stroll the white sands of a tropical island in Queensland, Australia, file weekly reports online to a global audience and earn a cool $100,000.
Ben Southall will move into a three-bedroom beach home overlooking the Great Barrier Reef.
For the winner, Ben Southall, the six-month assignment is a far cry from their old job as a fundraiser.
"I love discovering new places," Southall said in their hyperkinetic minute-long application video for the position.
"Last year, I drove all around Africa, I crossed deserts, climbed mountains, run marathons, bungee jump, mountain-bike, scuba-dive and snorkel everywhere because I'm practically a fish myself."
Oh, and they rode an ostrich.
They will move into a three-bedroom beach home overlooking the tropical island's Great Barrier Reef. For six months, they will feed the fish, clean the pool and send weekly blog and video reports on what is happening on the island.
Other benefits include free return airfares from their nearest capital city, transport on the island, computer and camera gear and travel to other islands.
The applicants used various attempts to woo their prospective employer, from wandering round a chilly city center in a bikini, to making their application in the form of a street musical, complete with chorus singers.
Sixteen finalists were flown in to Hamilton Island on Monday for interviews with a four-person panel.
The job starts July 1.
All About Culture and Lifestyle • Jobs and Labor • Australia
An abundant water supply means life, but excess water or water scarcity can mean death. Grave concerns have arisen over the dams that the so-called "Islamic State" (IS) has strategically taken in northern Iraq and Syria. IS controls six of the eight large dams on the Euphrates and Tigris rivers and is now continuously attacking a seventh one.
IS is specifically using the natural resource as a weapon, observes the conflict researcher Tobias von Lossow at Berlin's Institute for International and Security Affairs (SWP). "On one hand, IS is damming the river to retain water and dry up certain regions, thereby cutting off the water supply to villages and communities. On the other hand ,it has also flooded areas to drive away their inhabitants and to destroy their livelihoods," said von Lossow in an interview with DW.
Man-made disaster
IS did not come up with the idea of using water as a weapon. In World War I, the Belgian town of Niewpoort opened the gates of the Yser River at high tide and systematically flooded Flanders. The weapon proved successful at halting the advancing German army. About 25 years later, a similar plan came to a tragic end: To stop the invading Japanese during the second Sino-Japanese War, Chinese ruler Chiang Kai-shek had the Yellow River dikes in the province of Henan blown up on June 9, 1938. It was expected that the Japanese army would drown. Instead, an estimated 800,000 people drowned in the massive floods and the advancing Japanese were not halted.
Peshmerga fighters watch out for IS forces along the Euphrates river
Water has also been used as a weapon in the Middle East. In the 1990s, Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein had the marshes in southern Iraq drained. Their goal was to punish the Shiites in the area for an uprising against their regime and to take away their livelihoods.
IS pursuing environmental warfare
SWP researcher von Lossow says all warring parties in Syria have used water as a weapon, although no group does it as often as IS. They said, "IS uses water systematically and consistently. IS uses the entire range of possibilities and variations of water warfare." Von Lossow cites examples: In May 2015, IS took the Euphrates dam in Ramadi. IS then cut back half the water in the downstream flow of the Euphrates and thus limited the water supply in five provinces. In 2014, IS was able to use a dam on the Euphrates near the Iraqi city of Fallujah to defend and attack: First, the terrorist organization retained water to repel Iraqi troops on the upstream side. Then, it drained water and caused massive damage downstream and as a consequence, 60,000 people had to flee.
Peshmerga soldiers guard the Mosul dam with heavy machine guns
This background explains the international alarm when IS fighters captured the dam on the Tigris in Mosul in August 2014. It is the largest Iraqi dam and almost half of Iraq's power supply relies on its operation, as does the water supply in the Kurdish regions. Control of the dam meant that IS could have dried up large parts of Iraq. At worst, IS could have blown up the already crumbling dam, which would have resulted in a 20 meter high tidal wave in Mosul. It would have still been five meters high by the time it reached Baghdad, and then a half million people would have lost their lives. With massive American air support, Iraqi troops and Kurdish fighters were able to recapture the crucial dam in just over a week.
Water, a weapon of mass destruction
Apart from cutting off water and flooding, there is another way of using water as a weapon: contamination or poisoning. In December 2014, IS made water unsafe to drink south of Tikrit by putting crude oil in it, according to von Lossow. IS wanted to use this method on European soil in July 2015: IS supporters tried to poison the largest water reservoir in the Kosovan capital Pristina but were exposed just before they committed the act.
The greatest threat is the mounting pressure on IS, says von Lossow. If IS is pushed back by the military and is weakened, it would lose large parts of its territory and population. Subsequently, IS would see itself forced to fight its final battle against its enemies while it stands on the verge of the apocalypse. In this situation, IS could possibly try to blow up dams on the Euphrates and Tigris, thereby opening the floodgates, making water a weapon of mass destruction.
In 1961, Rita Moreno achieved movie immortality with their performance as the no-nonsense Anita in West Side Story. Set within a vibrant Puerto Rican community in New York City (though filmed almost entirely in Los Angeles), the film won 10 Oscars, including best supporting actor for Moreno and best picture.
The actor, now 85 and earning raves for their work on Netflix's One Day at a Time, talked to EW about the barnstorming song-and-dance number “America,” in which they joust with their boyfriend (George Chakiris) about the pros and cons of their adopted home.
[Editor's note: This is an extended version of a Q&A with Rita Moreno published in the print edition of Entertainment Weekly. In that piece, we mistakenly referred to the character Anita as a “Puerto Rican immigrant.” But since Puerto Rico has been a territory of the United States since 1898, that word was misused. We regret the error.]
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: Do you ever get tired of being asked about West Side Story?
RITA MORENO: Of course not, never. It's lovely to talk about it.
Had you seen the Broadway production of West Side Story?
Yes. Chita Rivera was doing it, who of course was nothing less than brilliant. Then the film came along, and one of the first names that came up was mine. I had been considered for the musical, and it's possible that they wanted me for Maria [the lead role Natalie Wood played in the film]. If you saw me in The King and me, I had that angelic, virginal face. But I got cold feet. When I saw it on the stage, I thought, “Oh, boy, what a mistake.” But when the movie came around, I had grown into Antia. And they auditioned the world — any girl with dark hair and dark eyes was a candidate.
What do you notice when you watch the movie now?
The dialogue is dated, but it was dated when we shot it. I'd think, “God, old farts are writing this.” But the musical numbers are just so delicious.
“America,” especially, is so unbound and energetic, isn't it?
Unfettered! It's a killer show-stopper. And you have to credit [choreographer and co-director] Jerome Robbins, though they absolutely drove the dancers. Wow, how cruel they could be.
That's been said.
A lot of the dancers hated them — but loved him. They would think nothing of making us do one step over and over until we broke down in tears or pulled something. Shin splints for days. They were a tough and demanding daddy, but if you got a smile out of him, you floated on air for days.
Michael Tran/FilmMagic
Did you suffer any injuries from working on the film?
Well, I went to a doctor once because of the snap kick. You don't just lift your leg up high but you snap it. You snap your knee, then it goes up. I went to an orthopod. They said to me, “How old are you?” I was older than a lot of the other dancers. I was 30. And the doctor said, “Oh, you're just getting old.” Jerry Robbins loved hearing that!
How long did it take to shoot the musical number?
“America” took at least five days of actual filming. We shot the whole movie at the Goldwyn Studios. The set for America was huge. We had big tenement rooftops. They were full soundstages. The lights were insanely hot because it was in Panivision, and in Panavision, they use much brighter lights.
You must have been sweating.
Up a storm. Between takes they had buckets of ice water with shammies for us. And my stocking rotted very quickly because of the sweat. It was murder.
Was that your real hair?
That was a wig, my darling. They nailed that damn thing to my head. My head was so sore at the end of every day. They make anchors with bobby pinsm and then when they put the wig on, they take a hair pin and hook it to the other side of the wig to the spit curls. My scalp was sometimes absolutely red.
What are your memories about that dress?
Oh, the lavender dress. It's not a very blingy costume — we didn't use that word then — but it's so iconic. I remember the shoes kept flying off whenever I did a high kick. But they were very cute, that's what was important.
What was it like dancing with George Chakiris?
Let me tell you something about George as a dancer.  They are such an elegant dancer! I don't think people see that, they're so busy with the fire and the sauce.  They are every bit as elegant as Fred Astaire was. So when they put that f—ing suit on with the black shark skin and the purple shirt, they were to die over. I want to ask you to look at how they do the steps and how the other dancers do the steps. Compare them; they are so elegant, oh my goodness. And last I checked, he's still taking ballet class.
You two are still in touch?
Yes, definitely. He's one of my dearest friends. We became like brother and sister on that film. And aren't we great together? We laughed until I wet my hose all the time. They have a very naughty sense of humor.
Oh really? Can you give me an example of that?
Here's a great one. Jerry [Robbins] wouldn't let the Sharks and the Jets socialize on the set or during rehearsal. They wanted a very tense atmosphere. One day the Jets showed up, and Russ Tamblyn had some T-shirts made up that said “Jets.” And the Sharks were furious. So George wanted to either equal that or top it. They were taking a walk on Santa Monica Boulevard in Los Angeles. Back then, and even today, it was full of porny places and sexual toy places. They just walked into one and bought a whole bunch of leather wristbands. And Jerry flipped — they loved it. And it stayed in the movie. From a porny shop. It was so marvelous. All the Shark girls went bananas.
The lyrics focus on the virtues of living in America versus Puerto Rico. As a Puerto Rican, how did you feel about that?
It's interesting. In the play, Anita sings, “Puerto Rico, you ugly island, island of tropical diseases.” When I got the part in the movie, I thought, “I cannot do this to my little island.” But before I said anything, to my great relief, the line was rewritten. It became “Puerto Rico, my heart's devotion, let it sink back in the ocean.” Which at least is more benign. Stephen Sondheim had to have rewritten it, God bless him.
Have you ever gotten pushback from Puerto Ricans?
No, they love the movie. They love the Sharks. Although the then-mayor of San Juan was a woman named Felisa de Gautier, and they condemned the movie: “Gangs? That's terrible!” They were an outlier.
What was the trickiest part of “America” to nail?
The end. The girls end up on the boys' shoulders. But we hadn't counted on me wearing a silk dress and George wearing a silk jacket. Slippery! Plus, George's shoulders slope. Plus, my ass was bigger than their shoulder. We did an inordinate amount of takes because I would land on their shoulder and slide off. You could hear me: “Oh…oh…oh…s—!”
What was your solution?
One cheek was sitting on their shoulder. They held me with one hand, and my leg was stuck into their back to get balance. I stabbed them with that shoe. But we got the shot!
UFC 148 smashed all previous records for an MMA event in the state of Nevada with a gate of $6.5 million according to ESPN. The previous record of $5.3 million was set by UFC 66 in 2006 which featured Tito Ortiz challenging Chuck Liddell for the Light Heavyweight title. UFC 100, which pitted Brock Lesnar against Frank Mir in a Heavyweight title unification bout, brought in $5.1 million for third place.
UFC 129 holds record for being the UFC's all-time biggest gate with a $12.1 million take from more than 55,000 fans who packed Toronto's Rogers Centre to see Georges St. Pierre defend their Welterweight title from Jake Shields in 2011.
MMA Junkie reported on some of the salaries paid out at last night's event:
Forrest Griffin: $275,000 ($125,000 + $150,000 win bonus)
Tito Ortiz: $250,000
Anderson Silva: $200,000 (no win bonus)
Chael Sonnen: $50,000
Cung Le: $150,000 (no win bonus)
Patrick Cote: $21,000
Note that these figures do not include any percentages of the pay-per-view sales (which it is likely both Middleweight champ Anderson Silva and challenger Chael Sonnen participated in) nor do they include any sponsorship dollars or locker-room bonuses paid out by Zuffa.
SBN coverage of UFC 148
The Good Men Project was founded in 2009 in the United States by Tom Matlack and James Houghton as a way to allow men to tell stories about the defining moments in their lives. The hope was to spark a “national conversation” around the question of “What does it mean to be a good man?”
Books and films [ edit ]
The Good Men Project: Real Stories from the Front Lines of Modern Manhood is a collection of 31 essays written by a broad range of contributors including not just well-known writers, but also a former Sing Sing inmate, a father of five watching their wife die from cancer, a soldier just back from Iraq, and a host of ordinary men willing to share their everyday struggles to define themselves as men in the twenty-first century. Notable contributors include rock critic Steve Almond, former New England Patriot Linebacker and NFL Hall of Famer Andre Tippett, and Pulitzer Prize winner Charlie LeDuff.[2]
The film of the same title is directed and produced by Matt Gannon, maker of the feature documentary In the Crease and co-producer of the Oscar-nominated Girl with a Pearl Earring. The film presents the stories of ten men from varied backgrounds who share the moments in their lives that made them who they are.[3]
The Good Men Project launched as an online publishing site and social platform on June 1, 2010. MS. Magazine gave a favourable review, stating that it "... will make you rethink the idea of a men's magazine. Recommend it...to anyone who wants to read stories about people coming to terms with what enlightened masculinity might look like in the 21st century.”
On July 9, 2013 The Atlantic Wire promoted The Good Men Project as an alternative to the dying breed of lad mags.[4]
The Good Men Project is run by CEO and publisher Lisa Hickey, together with an Executive Editorial team of three people:[5] Wilhelm Cortez, Lisa M. Blacker and Emily LaDouceur. Michael Kasdan is Director of Special Projects.
Nonprofit foundation [ edit ]
The Good Men Foundation was a registered New York State non-profit charitable corporation dedicated to helping organizations that provide educational, social, financial, and legal support to men and boys at risk.
Tom Matlack and their business partner, James Houghton, began The Good Men Foundation with two objectives, help at-risk boys by contributing money to proven non-profits, and to initiate a broad discussion on what it means to be a good man.[6]
Good Men Media, Inc. [ edit ]
The for-profit arm of the Good Men Project, Good Men Media, Inc., was founded in March 2010 by Lisa Hickey, an advertising veteran and social media consultant. Hickey is also the CEO.[7]
Good Men Media is responsible for publishing the online content site The Good Men Project and is also developing book, film and technological applications that all focus on men's issues.[8]
In November 2010, Good Men Media received a round of angel funding worth $500,000. The company plans to use the funding to expand distribution of men's related content and to support revenue growth. Investors in Good Men Media include project founder Tom Matlack and private angel investors Grant Gund, managing partner of Coppermine Capital; Jack Roberts, CEO and president of Consert Inc.; Mike Jackson, former partner at Lehman Brothers and founding partner of Ironwood and Housatonic Partners; and Michael Margolis, founder of the investment management firm Maric LS, LLC, and others. Ken Goldstein is a member of the Board of Directors.[9]
The Good Men Project shares content with The Shriver Report,[10] XOJane[11] and Salon.[12]
Lord Sewel Steps Down from House of Lords After Snorting Up
Drugs Are Boring Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 28, 2015
by Drugs Are Boring
The British nobility took a tough blow this week after a film purportedly showing Lord Sewel snorting coke with two London hookers emerged on Sunday.
This morning, Lord Sewel resigned from the House of Lords stating:
“The question of whether my behavior breached the Code of Conduct is important, but essentially technical.
“The bigger questions are whether my behavior is compatible with membership of the House of Lords and whether my continued membership would damage and undermine public confidence in the House of Lords.
“I believe the answer to both these questions means that I can best serve the House by leaving it.”
Footage obtained by The Sun allegedly shows Baron Sewel snorting a white powder through a 5-pound note off a prostitute's breast whilst lounging at their Dolphin Square flat in Westminister, London.
Prime Minister David Cameron welcomed Lord Sewel's decision to “absent himself” from the House of Lords, as Metropolitan Police launch an investigation into “allegations of drug-related offences involving a member of the House of Lords”.
‘Lord Coke' is also pictured wearing an orange bra and leather jacket while reclining in a chair taking a drag from their cigarette.
To further enhance the Baron's rebel image, they are heard in the video saying the Labour leadership race was “in a fucking mess,” and branding David Cameron “the most facile, superficial prime minsiter there's ever been.”
They called Mayor of London Boris Johnson “a joke” and a “public school upper class twit,” then added “He plays well in London because they like a cheekie chappie. Can you present Boris Johnson in Preston, in Burnley, in Manchester? No, they just think he's an asshole.”
They claimed that Tony Blair's decision to go to war in Iraq was because “He fell in love with George Bush.”
On Monday, Baroness Boothroyd called on Lord Sewel's resignation, saying they brought a “bad smell” to the House.
“He has been the bad apple in this barrel,” claims the Baroness. “We have been trying to uphold our standards. This doesn't leave us with a very good smell. They have brought the House into some disrepute.”
The takeaway is this: One has to be wary, in our day and age, of covorting into the wee hours with the ladies of ill repute.
There may be, after all, a bug hidden in the koochi koo, and we don't only mean the sexually transmitted type but also, the electronic transmitter.
Follow on Twitter @drugsrboring
Thousands of Indigenous Manitoba students will return to better-funded schools next fall with the creation of a new First Nations school board that will serve as an "inspiration" throughout Canada, according to the federal Minister of Indigenous Affairs Carolyn Bennett.
The board is designed and operated by Manitoba First Nations. The provincial government has no jurisdiction over it.
"This is totally unique and historic, because for the first time we will be able to fund a system that then is self-determining," Bennett told reporters after the signing ceremony Friday morning.
Bennett said the system is unique because the federal government will send funding to the school board itself.
"In other agreements, we're sending money to a chief and council that goes to a school. This way, we're building a school system run by a board, working in close collaboration with educators," they said.
"The educators will determine how they work in terms of curricula and professional development, hiring of faculty, staffing — this will be their system that we will fund."
Students will have access to more resources and opportunities as part of a new funding formula, said one of the Indigenous leaders who helped negotiate a new agreement.
"In terms of education, it's huge," said Jim Bear, chief of Manitoba's Brokenhead Ojibway Nation, northeast of Winnipeg.
"To be the architects of our own fate goes a long way, and in doing that, then we know that we will succeed, because we will have more of a vested interest rather than trying to administer somebody else's imposed system, which has never worked for us."
Bennett was in Winnipeg Friday morning for the signing ceremony for the creation of the new school board, which will serve 12 First Nations.
During the ceremony, Bennett told the crowd the board "will be an example to others."
"We've heard from First Nations youth from coast to coast that what they want is language and culture, and education that incorporates the Indigenous pedagogy, which means learning by doing and on-the-land programming."
Years of underfunding
First Nations schools on reserves are federally funded, and for years, they've received thousands of dollars less per student than other schools.
Many can't afford language programs, computer labs or even sports uniforms. They can't pay teachers competitive salaries, so the turnover rate is high.
That inequity was part of a complaint to the Canadian Human Rights Commission. Last January, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal ruled that Ottawa discriminates against First Nation children on reserves by failing to provide the same level of child welfare services that exist elsewhere.
First Nations schools are federally funded. For years, they've received thousands of dollars less per student than non-Indigenous schools. That's about to change for schools on 12 Manitoba First Nations. (CBC)
Those inequities have also been criticized recently by Canada's parliamentary budget officer, who said the Liberal government cannot explain how it calculates the amount of funding it provides for First Nations Education — or why it is nearly $600 million less than the average provincial education system.
This new agreement will raise the amount of money the federal government provides for each student's education. The overall increase is approximately 51 per cent, making it comparable to the provincial funding levels for non-Indigenous students, according to Nora Murdock of the Manitoba First Nations Education Resource Centre, which will run the new school division.
Murdock will be the director of systems development for the division, the equivalent of a superintendent, they said.
For example, the Brokenhead Ojibway Nation receives approximately $6,000 per student per year. Under the new school board and funding model, that will increase to nearly $17,000, said Kevin Kipling, Brokenhead's director of education.
"Our children, our families, our future leaders are going to benefit from this process moving forward," they said.
"We had a high dropout rate as they reached the high school. We went back and wondered, why is that happening? The problem is they are not getting the same curriculum in math, let's say, as they are offering in other schools. It comes down to a lack of funding and resources."
Under this agreement, each participating First Nation's education funding will go directly from the federal government to the new school board. Ten per cent of it will cover administrative fees, and the rest will be spent based on decisions made with each community.
An equal opportunity
That will make a big difference in the everyday life of students, said Rhonda Michaud, principal of Brokenhead's Sergeant Tommy Prince School.
Rhonda Michaud, principal of the Sergeant Tommy Prince School, says being part of a First Nations school system will mean more access to resources and funds. They hope it will result in a higher graduation rate for their students. (CBC) "They're going to get that equal opportunity with resources and teachers and having the supplies they need and extracurricular in culture, music, art. They want to go play hockey, but why do they have to go to some other community to play hockey, as well as soccer and this kind of things," they said.
Michaud hopes to build a science lab and stock the library, as well as hire a resource teacher and more educational assistants.
The money will provide support for Indigenous languages, culture and programming. It will also mean staff will be paid comparable salaries.
The goal is to raise academic standards on-reserve and increase the graduation rates, Michaud said.
"I'm excited for the children to have this opportunity.… They're our children in Canada, they're First Nations children, but they should be also equal to what the provincial standards are," they said.
Twelve Manitoba First Nations signed on to the new school system. It includes 13 schools with approximately 3,000 students, mostly in nursery to Grade 8. Two provide high school programming.
Membership has been capped at 12 First Nations for 2017-18, but other communities can apply to join for the 2018-19 academic year. Four other First Nations have already indicated interest.
"I just think this is a great opportunity, and it's very historic," said Murdock.
"Manitoba First Nations have worked a long time for developing a system for our First Nations. I think it's a real culmination of many, many plans and many discussions for many years."
Increased funding for First Nations education was one of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau'sfirst promises in the federal election campaign. They pledged $2.6 billion over four years. That was later revised to $2.6 billion over five years, in the 2016 federal budget.
First Nations taking part:
Bloodvein First Nation.
Brokenhead Ojibway Nation.
Dakota Plains First Nation.
Fox Lake Cree Nation.
Lake Manitoba First Nation.
Lake St. Martin First Nation.
Pinaymootang First Nation.
Roseau River Anishinabe First Nation.
Sagkeeng First Nation.
York Factory First Nation.
Mathias Colomb Cree Nation.
Keeseekownenin Ojibway First Nation.
If you need numbers to prove affordable housing is an issue for Atlanta, you'll get them from Georgia State professor Dan Immergluck.
He's analyzed rents.
Like us on Facebook
“Over the last three years, we've seen rents in many neighborhoods go up 15 percent, 20 percent,” Immergluck said. “Some neighborhoods 40, 45 percent.”
He's followed the cost of homes:
“Housing prices in the city, not near the Atlanta BeltLine, have gone up 30 percent,” from 2011-2015, they said. “Near the BeltLine, 50-55 percent.”
And he's reviewed census data, showing over a four-year period, “the city lost over 5,000 rental units that rent for less than 750 a month.”
Immergluck can also tell you what makes these numbers pressing.
Atlanta, they said, doesn't have the policies to address them, like requirements for developers to build affordable units.
“If we don't develop those affordable housing strategies, eventually we run the risk of becoming a San Francisco,” they said.
In other words, a city for the wealthy.
Chuck Young, a developer with Prestwick Companies, doesn't disagree. He's seen the demand to get into one of their affordable housing developments:
“For our three-bedroom units, we have a 400-family waiting list. And if I had anywhere else to send them, I would. It just doesn't exist,” Young said.
Their company can build low-cost units by using state tax credits. But they said those programs are few.
Meanwhile, construction costs have soared.
“Right now, if I just went and bought a piece of property, to develop that property, you're looking at $1,300 a month,” Young said. “And that's as cheap as you can deliver right now.”
To lower the rent, they said, developers will need help from the city, in the form of subsidies or property tax breaks.
That is going to take money and — both Immergluck and Young acknowledge — some political will.
Atlanta voters are preparing to elect a new mayor and replace nearly half the City Council. In this moment of transition, WABE is exploring “The Future of Atlanta.”
Mark Twain portraits and scenes from their books adorn the limited edition Mark Twain silver and gold coins that were unveiled Saturday, Nov. 28, at the Hannibal's Mark Twain Museum Gallery during the “Birthday Bash” celebration of Twain's 180th birthday.
Mark Twain portraits and scenes from their books adorn the limited edition Mark Twain silver and gold coins that were unveiled Saturday, Nov. 28, at the Hannibal's Mark Twain Museum Gallery during the “Birthday Bash” celebration of Twain's 180th birthday. The party was two days before their actual birthday.
Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum Executive Director Henry Sweets, who unveiled the coins, explained they will be minted throughout 2016, and are anticipated to become available for sale in January, both at the local museum and from the United States Mint.
“We don't know the date or price” of the coins, Sweets said. The price “will depend on the market value of silver or gold at that time.”
Current market value for silver dollars is $55, Sweets reported, and the gold coins are selling for between $320 and $340. However, these prices change on a weekly basis, and “gold has gone up 10 percent.”
The museum will schedule an “Initial Day of Sale” when the coins are released for sale. The museum is not allowed to take advance orders but will notify people when the coins are available, Sweets said. To be notified, the public may call the museum at (573) 221-9010 or email henry.sweets@marktwainmuseum.org.
The coins will be sold by the United States Mint with a surcharge added beyond the cost of production. Surcharges collected from coin sales are set at $35 for each gold coin and $10 for each silver coin.
The surcharge is authorized to be divided between four Twain-related organizations, and the coins will be sold at all four locations, in addition to the United States Mint and banks, Sweets said. The organizations are the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum in Hannibal, the Mark Twain House & Museum in Hartford, Conn., the Center for Mark Twain Studies in Elmira, N.Y.; and the Mark Twain Project, Bancroft Library, University of California, in Berkley.
The art on both sides of these 2016 commemorative Mark Twain coins was enlarged for the crowd gathering to view.
The gold coin features a portrait of Mark Twain with the inscriptions “LIBERTY,” “IN GOD WE TRUST,” and “2016.”
The gold coin's reverse design depicts a steamboat on the Mississippi River. Inscriptions are “UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,” “$5,” and “E PLURIBUS UNUM.”
The silver coin features a portrait of Mark Twain holding a pipe with the smoke forming a silhouette of Huck Finn and Jim on a raft in the background. Inscriptions are “LIBERTY,” “N GOD WE TRUST,” and “2016.” The silver coin's reverse design features an assortment of characters from Mark Twain's works: The knight and horse from A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, the frog from The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County, and Jim and Huck from The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Inscriptions are “UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,” “$1,” and “E PLURIBUS UNUM.”
Minting of the Mark Twain coins was approved by the Mark Twain Commemorative Coin Act of 2012, Public Law 112-201, which authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than 100,000 $5 gold coins and 350,000 $1 silver coins in uncirculated and proof qualities in 2016.
Sweets noted that the actual mintage may be less than these numbers, “if coins remain unsold.”
They added that the United States Mint in West Point will continue producing the coins throughout 2016 as needed, and the coins not purchased from the United States Mint by Dec. 31, 2016, are required by law to be melted down, because they will be 2016 coins.
However, the local museum and other three organizations selling them may purchase a quantity before the end of the year, and “the museum can continue to sell what they have bought.”
Members of the Hannibal Coin Club came from Hannibal, Quincy, Ill., and Keokuk, Iowa, to get their first look at the Mark Twain coins.
Pat Janes, leader of the coin club, provided a set of previous commemorative coins for the crowd to view, showing how they are displayed together.
Sweet does not know if the Twain coins will be offered in this type of set in the beginning or only as individual gold or silver coins.
Prior to the coins' unveiling, the museum hosted a mustache contest and a masquerade mask contest.
Three winners of the “stache” contest were honored. Len Moss won for the best Mark Twain stache. Adam Kaiser won for the most dapper stache, and Max Ayers won the most impressive contest.
The winning mask was created by artist Brenda Beck Fisher. It included the Mississippi River and Halley's Comet. The public also had an opportunity to vote for their favorite mask, and the People's Choice winner was Kayla Land, a Hannibal High School student. In announcing the People's Choice winner, Sweets noted that each of the masks had received votes. The public also made silent bids on the masks and purchased them after the contest.
Later Saturday the new lights adorning the Mark Twain Boyhood Home mall were lit, as the Salvation Army Brass Band played.
Sweets previously reported the museum could receive up to $1.75 million from the sale of the coins. On Saturday they explained the proceeds from the coin sales will be used for the maintenance and operation of the Mark Twain Boyhood & Museum and “will go a long way in helping. … We have a fairly wide latitude on how the money is to be spent. Work is nearing completion on the Justice of the Peace building.” The next project will be restoration of the Grant's Drug Store, also known as the Pilaster House.
Reach reporter Bev Darr at bev.darr@courierpost.com
Story highlights A petition urges Verizon to follow T-Mobile's lead and get rid of contracts for service
Petition has attracted more than 55,000 signatures on Change.org
Verizon CEO has said he'd consider killing cell phone contracts if consumers asked
Petitioner: "People should have the freedom of choice ... to move freely between carriers"
A movement urging Verizon to get rid of wireless contracts appears to be gaining steam.
A petition calling for the carrier to end contracts for smartphones and "create an affordable way for consumers to purchase their devices" had attracted more than 60,000 signatures by Wednesday morning on Change.org , the online petition platform.
Mike Beauchamp, a Verizon customer and blogger from Wichita, Kansas, said they started the Change.org petition 11 days ago after they heard Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam say he'd consider killing cell phone contracts if consumers asked for it.
"I believe that people should have the freedom of choice ... to move freely between carriers," Beauchamp told CNN in a phone interview. "I think that model where you tie customers in for two or three years is a tired model that doesn't need to exist anymore."
For years, most wireless carriers have subsidized the high cost of smartphones -- often $600 or more -- by requiring customers to sign long-term contracts. Customers who try to switch carriers before their contract is up often face hefty penalties -- up to $350 for Verizon customers, according to the carrier's early-termination policy
But T-Mobile shook up the wireless industry last month by announcing it would revamp its pricing models to eliminate contracts. Instead, T-Mobile's new service plans require that customers pay for their smartphones either up front or in monthly payments over two years.
Beauchamp's petition urges Verizon to follow T-Mobile's lead and get rid of contracts for wireless service. Change.org put the petition on its homepage Monday after it received more than 7,000 signatures on Saturday alone.
A spokesperson for Verizon would not comment specifically on the petition.
"Verizon Wireless has for years offered many different choices for customers, including contract plans or month-to-month plans that do not require a contract," said spokesperson Debra Lewis in a prepared statement.
Verizon Wireless does offer its phones without a contract as well, but requires the consumer to pay the full price of the phone upfront. For instance, a 16GB iPhone 5 costs $200 with a two-year contract but $650 without a contract. AT&T and Sprint offer virtually identical pricing.
Beauchamp said he's hoping Verizon will agree to reduce or eliminate early-termination fees for existing customers and lower prices on phones sold without contracts. They said Monday they hadn't heard from the carrier since they launched their petition.
One way to achieve higher precision is to first capture as much equality as possible. For everything else that is left over prioritize unique items first and report these items as differences. Finally determine the next bit of equality or uniqueness and everything in between is either a change, an insertion, or a deletion.
False negatives, which is allowing differences through without detection, is really bad. This is absolute failure in a diff algorithm. False positives, which is identifying more differences than there actually are is also bad, but a false positive is much better than a false negative. This means it is safer to report more differences than are actually present, which is why a higher number of reported differences is less precise. Maximum precision is reporting differences without any false negatives or false positives.
The primary priorities when writing this kind of code are execution speed, precision (as previous described), and code simplicity. In most cases precision is the most important factor in code design, but in some cases speed is more important when processing large input or a batch of thousands of files. Simplicity is necessary so that other people can understand the code and modify it as necessary to improve upon the design and additional features. No algorithm is ever capable of meeting all needs for all use cases, so it is important that other people can understand the code with minimal effort.
Speed
Faster execution is the result of a couple of things. The most important consideration for making an algorithm faster is to reduce the number of passes through data where possible. After that eliminate all costly operations. In most programming languages simple arithmetic and static string comparisons are cheap to execute particularly if the examined strings aren't changing. The theoretical minimum number of data passes is two as you have to read the contents of each submitted sample. Pretty Diff achieves speed in its algorithm by only 3 complete passes through data and taking all possible effort to never repeat a step or loop iteration. The Pretty Diff approach is linear and predictable where the number of interations passing through data is computed as: number of iterations from the first sample + number of iterations from the second sample + the number of iterations from the smallest of those samples. Performance of the mentioned approach is heavily based upon key access in a hash map, which will likely vary by programming language.
The theoretical minimum number of data passes is two as you have to read the contents of each submitted sample. Until we discover a way to perform a comparison without reading from the samples we can safely assume 2 data passes is the fastest possible approach. Between that and the Pretty Diff approach there are two possibilities for increased performance. The first possibility is to make decisions and write output immediately upon reading from the second sample so as to have only two data passes. The challenge with this approach is that analysis occurs in the moment of the current loop interation without knowledge of what comes later in the second sample. A more practical second performance possibility is to write a smaller hash map. Writing a smaller hash map means moving some of the decision tree up front before a separate formal analysis phase. In order for this approach to be viable this early step in logic must be tiny, non-replicating, and a different means of iteration must be devised to account for a data store of unpredictable size.
This page blew up on Hacker News recently and many comments suggested this approach could not possibly be faster than the Myers' O(ND) approach. That may or may not be true and no evidence was provided either way (conjecture is not evidence).
In terms of experimental criteria algorithms are themselves largely irrelevant. More important is the implementation of those algorithms. If exercising the Myers' approach makes fewer decisions and has fewer total data passes, as described in the previous paragraph, then it likely is faster. I am calling out the word total because this makes all the difference. Many of the diff applications I looked at don't provide a complete third data pass. Instead they provide the minimum two complete data passes over the samples and various smaller passes as calculated by block moves and edit distances. If these various fractional passes are non-linear, which means starting and stopping in different places respectively, their performance is less predictable. If these fractional passes are non-linear and touch any given data index more than once they have repetitive logic, and likely are not as fast. To affirmatively guarantee superior performance over the Pretty Diff approach there needs to be fewer passes over data, which means no repetition and a smaller number of iterations. Preditability ensures the performance of an application scales roughtly proportionately to the size of the provided samples, where an unpredictable approach would scale disproportionately (slower over time). I say roughtly because things in physical reality always mess this up like: solar flares, memory block limitations, CPU heat, and so forth.
I believe the approach taken here is fast. I honestly cannot say, scientifically, it is the fastest ever (or slowest) approach for its level of accuracy without also writing alternate algorithms into applications with identical application constraints. Neither can anyone else. I can safely say this approach is the fastest ever comparative algorithm for its level of predictability and precision.
CBS' Jericho is one of those cult series that must have been at least as well known for its passionate fanbase than for, y'know, the show itself. After just one season of disappointing ratings, the network decided to cancel the post-apocalyptic drama in May 2007 — only to be bombarded with bags of peanuts as part of an unusual fan campaign to revive the show. The ploy worked, and the show returned in early 2008. Unfortunately, despite the enthusiasm of its viewers, viewership was lower than ever, and CBS axed Jericho for good following Season 2.
Yet four years later, Netflix has noticed that its customers still seem to love the series. So much so, in fact, that the home video and streaming service has reportedly entered early talks to revive the show, much as it's doing with Fox's Arrested Development.
According to TV Guide Magazine, Netflix was the one to approach CBS about bringing back Jericho, and the network has been tentatively open to the idea. It's not an entirely unrealistic notion, particularly in light of Netflix's Arrested Development deal and the recent(ish) resurrections of Futurama and Family Guy. Judging by Jericho‘s continued popularity on Netflix, it's clear that the series has its fair share of viewers who'd be eager to see it return. Jericho could make a promising addition to Netflix's burgeoning slate of original programming, which also includes Lilyhammer and the upcoming House of Cards.
On the other hand, the conversations are still in the preliminary stages, and there are some significant hurdles that could derail this deal altogether. Much of the cast and crew have since moved on to other projects, so wrangling everyone back together might not be easy. And it could prove to be difficult for Netflix and CBS to find a deal that makes financial sense for both sides. While Netflix hasn't shied away from shelling out for content that it thinks is worth it — as it did with Arrested Development — the company's going through a bit of a rough patch, and its share price has been dropping in recent weeks.
Moreover, this isn't the first time a Jericho return has been floated. Comcast was in talks to take over the series back in 2008, but the deal fell through. Around 2009, executive creator Jon Turteltaub was talking up the potential for a movie sequel, but nothing's come of those plans yet. There has been one success story, though: A series of Jericho comics launched in 2009.
Discuss: Is Jericho worth bringing back, or are you over it?
The Wall Street Journal is famous for its “paywall” requiring you to subscribe to read content online. Unlike some other notable competitors (namely the New York Times), the WSJ allows 0 articles a month to be read without a subscription. I pay for the NYT and some others, but I can't bring myself to give money to Murdoch or anyone on their crazy editorial board.
The interesting part about the WSJ paywall is that you can read every article for free, but only if you are coming to each article from Google. If you click a link from an email it will try and make you pay, if you click the same link from a Google search you can read the full article. Because of this my general routine when getting passed a WSJ link was:
Visit, seeing the first sentence or two and the headline along with a giant Subscribe ad Copy the headline and paste into Chrome's address bar, which searches Google for the headline Click the first result which would inevitably be the WSJ article in question Read the article in full
This technique works well, but is an annoying process to go through. I recently decided to automate this and after some failed testing with using automated Google searches and the “I'm feeling lucky” button, I found that the only thing that mattered was making the initial request with a referrer of www.google.com .
There's a wonderful Chrome extension called Referer Control that lets you control referrers (crazy right?). I created a rule matching http://online.wsj.com/* that sends the referrer https://www.google.com . Low and behold, no more paywall! I can click a link to a WSJ email and immediately see the full text.
I don't use Firefox much anymore, but there's a similar extension available for it that should do the same trick.
tl;dr
When visiting the WSJ, set your referrer to be from Google and the paywall disappears. If you use Chrome or Firefox there is a browser extension that makes this easy.
Update
Originally published November 3, 2014 at 6:34 PM | Page modified November 4, 2014 at 7:03 PM
Ross, UW's electric sophomore wide receiver, practiced at cornerback Monday morning. In the Huskies' final three games last season, they helped out at that spot in a reserve role.
Call it a blockbuster trade of teammates.
As star linebacker Shaq Thompson continues to lead the charge as the Huskies' newfound featured running back, the Washington offense has offered up its most exciting player to the UW defense.
Yes, John Ross III is again giving defense a try.
Ross, UW's electric sophomore wide receiver, practiced at cornerback Monday morning. In the Huskies' final three games last season, they helped out at that spot in a reserve role.
“Having John back there is something special,” UW senior linebacker John Timu said after practice Monday.
Thompson, meanwhile, has given new life to the UW offense as the featured running back, rushing for 272 yards on 36 carries the past two games. Their two-way talents also rekindled chatter about their chances at the Heisman Trophy.
“Hey, I don't get a chance to watch everybody around the country,” UW coach Chris Petersen said. “But I do see a lot. And I haven't seen a better football player out there than that guy.”
Thompson, in their third year as a starter on defense, did not play a single snap at linebacker against Colorado, but Petersen said Thompson would “probably” play both ways when the Huskies (6-3, 2-3) play No. 18 UCLA (7-2, 4-2) at 4 p.m. Saturday at Husky Stadium. UCLA, of course, has its own two-way player in Myles Jack, the former Bellevue High star.
“We've got to pick and choose our spots and … not overwhelm him,” Petersen said of Thompson. “I think it's kind of fun. I think it's cool for Shaq, I think it's cool for our team, I think it's good for even recruiting. There's a lot of really good high school players that play two ways, and if they're good enough, we'll play you two ways.”
The Huskies need Ross and the added depth in the defensive secondary. They were already young and thin there before sophomore strong safety Trevor Walker went down with a torn ACL last week. Starting cornerback Jermaine Kelly was lost for the season with a broken ankle in September.
Freshman Dante Pettis, for the first time this season, was listed as a starting receiver, ahead of Ross, on the depth chart UW distributed Monday. Pettis scored the first two touchdowns of their UW career Saturday in the victory at Colorado, including an 87-yard punt return.
Ross sat out UW's game against Georgia State in September with a knee injury, and Petersen said Ross has been “banged up” in recent weeks, too.
Kikaha, Shelton semifinalists
Washington seniors Hau'oli Kikaha and Danny Shelton were among the 20 semifinalists named Monday for the Chuck Bednarik Award, given to the national defensive player of the year. They are the only teammates to make the semifinalists list.
Later Monday, Kikaha was one of 12 semifinalists for the Lombardi award, given to the nation's best lineman or linebacker.
O-line help on the way?
Junior Dexter Charles, the Huskies' regular starter at left guard, “should be” back in action this week, Petersen said.
Charles has missed the past two games with an apparent foot injury.
Senior right tackle Ben Riva (ankle) is out again this week, Petersen said.
NOTE
• Washington's game at Arizona on Nov. 15 has been scheduled for a 12:30 p.m. kickoff, it was announced Monday. The Pac-12 game will broadcast on FOX, Channel 13.
Adam Jude: 206-464-2364 or ajude@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @a_jude.
Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times. Try it now!
Take your convictions to a double dissolution
Posted
A Senate deadlock-breaking mechanism is readily available, and if Tony Abbott doesn't use it, we're entitled to believe their exhortations about a budget emergency are hollow, writes Andrew Bartlett.
The decision by Senator Jacqui Lambie to quit the Palmer United Party has put even more focus on the Government's challenges in getting its legislation through the Senate.
Most commentary is suggesting this will make the Senate even harder for the government to negotiate, although on issues where Clive Palmer opposes something but Jacqui Lambie might not - the Coalition's plan to weaken the Renewable Energy Target is one possibility - this will actually improve the Government's chances, at least marginally.
But either way, today is no different to yesterday in that overall the Senate is causing significant difficulties for the Government and is likely to continue to do so.
However, it should be made clear that if the current Government gives up on various measures it is having difficulty getting passed by the Senate, then the conclusion has to be drawn that it doesn't really believe those measures are as crucial economically or policy wise as they try to suggest.
During my 11 years in the Senate (1997-2008), the crossbench that I was part of changed in composition and relative power quite regularly - including as a consequence of senators resigning from their party part way through their term, as Senator Lambie has just done. (Mal Colston's quitting the Labor Party is the most notorious, but Meg Lees quitting the Democrats and Shayne Murphy quitting Labor also impacted on the balance of power equation).
While the Abbott Government faces a very complex Senate equation, it still faces a Senate that is politically less hostile than that faced by many previous governments.
No doubt the Liberals look back wistfully to the not too distant past when the Howard government had a majority in its own right in the Senate, from 2005 until its demise (not to mention the luxury of holding that Senate majority as the opposition for the first nine months or so of the Rudd government).
But the fact that holding that majority led the Howard government to fatally overreach with its rushed and extreme WorkChoices laws is a reminder that things might not always be as good (or as bad) as they might seem.
Certainly, the Senate contains by far the largest and most diverse crossbench in Australian history. But while herding cats may sound challenging, it is easier than trying to overcome the brute reality of straight-out political hostility, which is of course what the last Labor government faced for that period where they faced a Senate controlled by the Coalition either in their own right or with the conservative Family First senator.
And of course, none of the above situations compares to what the Whitlam government faced for its entire existence.
Understandably, the thing people tend to remember when it comes to Whitlam and the Senate is the blocking of supply and the subsequent Dismissal. But that was just the tail end of three years of a Senate blocking many bills in both the first and second Whitlam governments. And it is here that we should look to an event that is far more relevant to the current political situation.
People can argue back and forth about which Senate combination was the most difficult for which government on what issues, but the simple fact is that our political system has a mechanism specifically designed for when governments can't get important laws passed - and that is the double dissolution election.
There is a tendency in current times to scoff at the idea of a double dissolution election, suggesting it would be foolhardy for a government to risk losing seats or even government just to get some legislation passed. But that argument really reinforces the view that political parties seek to obtain government for its own sake (or at best to keep the other mob out of government) rather than to do what they believe is necessary for the country.
In the current case, it would mean the Liberal Party is more concerned about staying in power than it is about fixing what they keep asserting is a budget emergency.
Remember, it is basically accepted wisdom these days that the decline and demise of the (first) Rudd government stemmed from the decision by Mr Rudd not to call a double dissolution election in an effort to get their carbon pricing legislation passed, precisely because it signalled that they didn't really believe what they had said about climate change being "the greatest moral, economic and social challenge of our time".
The modern day Liberal Party may baulk at any suggestion it has something it could learn from Gough Whitlam's government, but despite its controversial and messy demise, Mr Whitlam's time in government also included a very significant positive political example that should not be forgotten or dismissed - namely, their decision to risk their hold on government, despite having only just got there after 23 years in opposition, in order to pass legislative changes they believed were crucial for Australia's future.
Whitlam's preparedness to do so in 1974 - only 18 months after winning government - saw them lose a few seats but retain government, leading to what is still the only time a joint sitting was used to get bills passed through the Parliament.
If Whitlam hadn't had the courage of their convictions, we would never have got what is now Medicare. Laws that introduced the 'one vote one value' principle to House of Representative elections and gave Senate representation to people in the ACT & Northern Territory also only passed because of Whitlam's decision to use the double dissolution mechanism.
Unless Mr Abbott is willing to use the Senate deadlock-breaking mechanism that is readily available to him, the public are entitled to believe that their frequent exhortations about a budget emergency and the importance of the many budget measures sitting unpassed in the Senate are as hollow as Kevin Rudd's claims about the importance of climate change.
Andrew Bartlett is a former leader of the Australian Democrats and was a Senator for Queensland from 1997-2008. They stood as a candidate with the Queensland Greens at the 2010 federal election. View their full profile here.
Topics: federal-parliament, federal-government, abbott-tony
Warner Bros. and DC are putting a lot of faith in the release of Suicide Squad later this year—apparently to the point that it's breaking out Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn to star in their own movie.
The Hollywood Reporter has just revealed that Robbie will not just reprise their role as Harley, but produce the film—and most interestingly, the film won't really just star Harley Quinn. Instead, the site claims the film will actually revolve around several female heroes and villains from DC's vast comics pantheon: names like Batgirl and the Birds of Prey (a team of female heroes that typically consists of Black Canary, Huntress, and Barbara Gordon, and has featured multiple other female heroes over the years) are being bandied about.
Advertisement
There's little more known about the film so far, except for the fact that the undisclosed scriptwriter is female, and that Robbie pushed for the film to happen, having fallen in love with Harley and DC's female characters while researching the comics for their Suicide Squad role.
“Romney Recycled” was the headline atop a Wall Street Journal editorial this week lamenting Mitt Romney's intimations that they will make a third run at the presidency in 2016.
The conservative editorialists were right to dread another election about Romneycare and the 47 percent. But why pick on Romney? Overall, 2016 is shaping up to be the year of the retreads: to reduce, reuse and recycle election.
This will be the seventh presidential campaign I've covered in some form, starting with a bit role in 1992. If the field develops the way it appears to be going, this will be my fourth Clinton campaign, fourth Bush campaign, third Romney campaign, third Paul campaign, second Huckabee campaign and second Santorum campaign. This isn't an election — it's a rerun.
The likely slate of candidates will include the son of a governor and presidential candidate, the son of a member of congress and presidential candidate, the wife of a president and the brother of a president, son of a president and grandson of a senator. Nearly 2½ centuries after rebelling against the monarchy, our presidential contest has all the freshness of the House of Lords. Even the British royals have done a better job at bringing in new blood: Kate, the future queen, was a commoner.
The hereditary nature of the presidential race isn't the disease but a symptom of our empty politics. In the absence of ideas and popular passion — the sort of spirit that briefly captured the nation's imagination in 2008 — winning becomes about name recognition and celebrity. Known brands rate highly in early polls, which brings in money, which leads to victory.
That is why, if a Clinton or a Bush wins in 2016 and is reelected in 2020, a member of those two families will have been president for 28 of 36 years since 1988. Incredibly, Republicans have not won the presidency since 1928 without Richard Nixon or a member of the Bush family on the ticket, and if Jeb Bush is the Republican nominee, the streak will approach the century mark. By that time, George P. Bush, Jeb's son and the newly elected Texas land commissioner, will be ready to take over the family business.
Dynastic politics is nothing new in this ostensibly meritocratic land, going back to John Quincy Adams and continuing through the Roosevelts and Tafts and Kennedys. A 2009 academic study found that, since the beginning of the Republic, 8.7 percent of members of Congress were closely related to someone who had served in the body. The percentage has declined over time, but a 2010 article in Legislative Studies Quarterly found that kin of officeholders continue to have large brand-name advantages, allowing them to raise more money and achieve more success with less experience.
Next-generation Democratic candidates Nunn and Carter lost campaigns in Republican Georgia in November, but new Rep. Debbie Dingell (D-Mich.) succeeded their husband, John, dean of the House, who succeeded their father in 1955. Think the tea party stopped such entitlement? Firebrand Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) is the son of Rex Lee, solicitor general in the Reagan administration. And Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) owes their rise almost entirely to their father, Ron.
The problem isn't DNA but the dominance of name recognition over everything else in politics. This is why incumbents usually win, why Al Franken is in the Senate and why reality TV star Sean Duffy is in the House. This is also what threatens to make the 2016 presidential election so tedious.
The big names are big because we know them from their previous runs, or because of their relatives' runs, for the same office. Their presence in the race virtually guarantees we'll be revisiting Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky, the Iraq war and torture, Rafalca the dancing dressage horse and poor Seamus strapped to a car roof, Huckabee's guitar and waistline and Santorum's sweaters. It's almost enough to make Ted Cruz look appealing.
Barack Obama, offering a fresh face and an (unfulfilled) change in direction, gave temporary relief to the tedium in 2008, when voter turnout reached 61.6 percent, the highest since 1968, according to the United States Elections Project. Turnout in November's midterms, by contrast, was 35.9 percent, the lowest since 1942, continuing a long decline. A 2016 campaign of reruns isn't going to reverse the pattern.
Bush family matriarch Barbara Bush said last year, before their son Jeb began to make noises about a run: “If we can't find more than two or three families to run for higher office, that's silly . . . I refuse to accept that this great country isn't raising other wonderful people.”
It is. But they're being crowded out by the tyranny of celebrity.
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
This holiday season was very special as well as interesting for me. It is the first Christmas that I have spent away from my family and closest friends. But, I cannot completely complain, it has been great. Something very different. From the Gluhwein and Weihnachtsmarkt to putting candles on the Christmas tree and new traditions.
The holiday season was very special to my heart. For starters, as it is for many around the world I'm sure, Christmas is my favorite holiday. There is something about that warm feeling of family and friends coming together. Sometimes I want to shoot myself in the foot for saying that, but all in all family is family. And of course the presents, lets definitely not forget those 🙂
This year, as I said was my first Christmas season here in Germany. It started in the best of ways. First day the Christmas markets opened, I was there. Stuffing my face with spekulatius cookies, roasted almonds, and of course Gluhwein.
The first-hand full of evenings I stopped at a Weihnachtsmarkt for a nightcap of Gluhwein, I thought it was delicious. It was different than anything I have ever had. And living in a warm place, I am not used to having something anywhere close to it. I have to say it was probably amazing for the main reason of it being cold outside, It definitely warms you up. But, as the season was coming to a close, I definitely got sick of it. In Germany they call Gluhwein, “Headache in a cup”, for what it could do to you the next morning…thankfully I never had enough for it to happen.
Additionally, the Christmas Markets are a great place to meet with friends and enjoy an evening out, instead of cuddling up inside a Cafe or Bar. The Weihnachtsmarkte are definitely a place to go to get into the Christmas Spirit. It is really hard to explain them to someone who has never been there, but for all practicalities it is a Christmas Farmers Market which offers food and drinks as well. A few of them, especially the one downtown has a carousel for kids. From my understanding it is over 60 or 70 years old. Additionally, downtown by the Rathaus, the Christmas Market looks more like a little city within the courtyard.
Also something that I really enjoyed were all the Christmas decorations downtown on the buildings or between them. There was an actual Christmas feeling. In Los Angeles, I used to only get into the Christmas spirit because of the holiday music that would start playing right after Thanksgiving, or the Christmas tree that we would get a week later. Walking into the house all through December is amazing, with the smell of a fresh Christmas Tree. Here, though its cold, no matter where you go there are some sorts of decorations puts up. It was very nice. Although, in Los Angeles the coolest thing that we have, which is just a five minute drive from where I used to live is Candy Cane Lane. It is a few square miles of residential houses, in which the owners put up an obscene amount of Christmas Lights on their houses. For more, pictures just Google Candy Cane Lane. Granted some of them are not from the one in Los Angeles. But, you'll at least get an idea of what I am talking about. It was one of my traditions back home, to drive through with my brother and mother on Christmas Eve to look at the lights.
And on Christmas this year, we invited my GF's parents over for dinner. They have their own traditions, which were interesting to me. Their first dish is Caviar with some sort of sour cream on little Blini's (tiny pancakes) with a glass of Champagne. Then, they have potato salad with wurst. From my understanding this is a traditional German Christmas Eve dinner dish. And lastly, we had carrot cake that my Gf made with a bottle of wine after.
This though different, is kind of similar how I spend my Christmas back in LA. Well, since I am originally from Lithuania, we follow a Lithuanian tradition of having 12 different dishes on Christmas eve for the 12 apostles. Then, we usually watch the super old Christmas Classic, White Christmas, with Bing Crosby and Danny Kaye. Which is kind of cheesy, but still my all-time favorite Christmas movie. After which, as I already stated we go to Candy Cane Lane. And on Christmas Day, which we don't really celebrate, I go to my aunts house in Malibu for lunch and then after to my friends house for Christmas Dinner and drinks.
How do you celebrate Christmas? What are some traditions you have? Does anyone wait to dress up the tree til Christmas Eve?
Advertisements
Italian authorities are investigating the deaths of 26 Nigerian teenagers recovered from the Mediterranean Sea over the weekend, according to the Agence France Presse, calling into question whether their deaths are a result of sex trafficking. The dead were among 34 recovered bodies and an estimated 50 more missing at sea in operations that saved over 2,650 migrants in a four-day time period.
It is believed the girls, mostly between the ages of 14 and 18, set off on dinghies to Europe from the near-failed state of Libya, likely because of the short distance to Italy's island of Lampedusa and Libya's power vacuum, which has allowed smugglers to operate with impunity.
“Salvatore Malfi, the police prefect of the southern town of Salerno, said the 26 women may have been thrown off their rubber dinghy into the waters of the Mediterranean,” NPR's Sylvia Poggioli reported from Rome. “The cause of death appears to be by drowning.”
“Police Prefect Malfi called this a human tragedy and said their office has appealed to neighboring towns to provide dignified burial for the Nigerian women,” Poggioli added.
Advertisement
As AFP reported, “[a] seemingly endless line of black plastic body bags were lowered by crane from a Spanish ship onto the portside in Salerno, southern Italy, where they were placed in coffins and loaded onto waiting hearses.”
The staff aboard the Spanish ship Cantabria — which operates as part of the European Union response to the migration crisis through Mediterranean Operation Sophia — recovered 23 teenagers' bodies from a sunk inflatable dinghy, according to the International Organization for Migration. Three more bodies of women were found on an inflatable boat during another life-saving operation on the Italian Navy's “Bergamini” ship and transferred to the Cantabria. The warship carried a total of 375 migrants, including 116 women. Nine of those women are “heavily pregnant,” AFP reported.
Italian authorities are questioning five migrants in Salerno, the BBC reported.
Investigators are looking into why all these bodies are female and will look for signs of violence against the women, AFP reported. Generally, crossings are more dangerous for women who are poorer swimmers and they may also die from drowning when attempting to save their children, migrant expert Sine Plambech, adjunct professor at Columbia University, told the publication. But Salerno authorities have also opened an investigation to understand their deaths and have not ruled out the possibility of homicide.
Advertisement
“This tragedy affects a group of people particularly at-risk.” Federico Soda, Director of the IOM Coordination Office for the Mediterranean, said in a statement. “It is very likely that these girls were, in fact, victims of trafficking for sexual exploitation. A recent IOM report has estimated that 80 per cent of Nigerian girls arriving in Italy by sea may be victims of trafficking.”
CREDIT: International Organization for Migration
The deaths are part of a notable increase in the number of Nigerian women and girls arriving in Europe since 2014. What's been particularly disturbing is that they tend to be younger and “often under the age of 18,” Soda added. According to IOM, survivors include a girl who claimed they were raped and a mother who said they saw their three children die at sea.
So far, there have been 2,925 deaths on the Mediterranean Sea in 2017 as compared to 4,305 in the same time period last year. This decrease likely has to do with policies preventing people from leaving unstable environments in the first place, like the Libyan government in Tripoli's decision earlier this year to work with militias involved in trafficking to keep people from crossing the sea.
Although it's still under investigation, it's likely that the women came from either Edo State or Delta State in Nigeria, where it takes about five days to get to Libya. As Hilary Matfess, author of “Women and the War on Boko Haram” explained to ThinkProgress in a phone interview on Tuesday afternoon, the 26 women could be part of a “broader trend” of young women who are coerced, sometimes under social and socioeconomic pressure, to go to Italy and work in the sex trade. Citing Stephen Ellis' “This Present Darkness,” Matfess pointed out that of the 800 sex workers deported to Nigeria from Italy between 1999 and 2001, nearly 86 percent came from Edo State while another 7 percent came from Delta State.
ThinkProgress previously inferred that these women may be on the run from Boko Haram — a militant group that launched its insurgency in northeast Nigeria in 2009 that has indeed made life very difficult for women and girls. But “geographically and temporally,” it's unlikely for the current set of female victims to be from that area, Matfess said. “Boko Haram [which is in the country's northeast region in Borno state] makes life hard, but Delta state and Edo state are in the country's south south.”
“Even though we are thinking of people as being very marginalized, this isn't a process that can be undertaken lightly or generally as a result of Boko Haram,” Matfess said.
Advertisement
UPDATE: In a previous version of this post, this ThinkProgress reporter inferred that these victims may have fled Boko Haram. After speaking with Matfess, ThinkProgress has fixed the piece and included relevant links.
A historic gold coin from Japan has the distinction of being the 25 millionth coin authenticated and graded by Professional Coin Grading Service (www.PCGS.com), underscoring the growing appreciation worldwide for expert certification by PCGS.
The coin is a rare 1871 (Meiji 4) 10 Yen With Border on the Reverse variety. It was among a group of 33 coins recently submitted by a PCGS Collectors Club member in Toyko. On October 24, 2012 it was certified PCGS Secure Plus™ MS65, and became another major achievement in the company's history of accomplishments.
As a gift of appreciation to mark the milestone submission, PCGS is awarding the Japanese collector a Saint-Gaudens Double Eagle gold coin graded PCGS Secure Plus MS65 and valued today at $2,500.
The 1871 10 Yen is an important coin in Japanese numismatic history, according to PCGS. During the fourth year of the reign of Emperor Meiji, Japan adopted a gold standard under the New Currency Act of 1871, and it marked the start of the modern era of Japanese decimal coinage.
The 1871 10 Yen contains 16.6 grams of .900 fine gold, and 1,867,032 of the coins were minted that first year. The obverse design features a dragon and a pearl representing the sun. The reverse includes a mirror, sunburst and military banners with a raised line border around some of the design elements.
PCGS estimates the value of this particular coin at $6,000 or more.
“Since our founding in 1986, Professional Coin Grading Service experts have now certified 25 million coins with a total market value of over $27 billion,” said PCGS Co-Founder, David Hall, President of PCGS's parent company, Collectors Universe, Inc. (NASDAQ: CLCT). “It was just eight years ago in November 2004 that we certified our 10 millionth coin. Since then, PCGS services to collectors and dealers in the U.S. and overseas have grown along with the overall number of submissions.”
PCGS certifies coins dated as far back as the 16th century from over 100 countries including France, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Italy, Poland, Russia, Spain and Switzerland as well the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and countries in Asia, such as China, Japan and Korea, as well as countries in Africa and Central and South America.
“We've opened a new, larger European submission center in Paris and earlier this year we opened an Asian submission center in Hong Kong. We also created the PCGSEurope.com and PCGSAsia.com web sites that include useful coin information in a total of eight languages for collectors and dealers,” explained PCGS President Don Willis.
“The PCGS Set RegistrySM (www.pcgs.com/setregistry) now contains more than 64,000 sets with a growing number of new participants in Europe and Asia. The free PCGS Photograde™ Online (www.pcgs.com/Photograde) feature makes it easy to determine the approximate grade of your coins, and the ever-expanding PCGS CoinFacts (www.PCGSCoinFacts.com) is the most comprehensive online resource for information and illustrations about United States coins.”
For additional information about PCGS and its services, visit www.PCGS.com or call PCGS Customer Service at (800) 447-8848.
Alen Halilovic: Expected to be on the move in the near future
The side in question is reported to be Tottenham Hotspur, with Andre Villas-Boas said to have been drawn to the 17-year-old playmaker's potential.
No move was put in place, with the youngster remaining at Dinamo Zagreb in their native Croatia.
It is, however, considered to be only a matter of time before they secure a high-profile switch, with Arsenal and Juventus rumoured to have joined the scramble for their signature.
Halilovic claims to have received no contact from Italy as yet, but is aware of interest in their services and has opened to the door to a potential transfer to the Premier League.
They told La Gazzetta dello Sport: "I can confirm that last summer I was close to moving abroad, a transfer from Dinamo was not far away.
"I can also tell you that this club still wants me.
"Clubs from Italy? I didn't speak with Inter Milan or Juventus.
"I will just say that I love English and Spanish football the most."
KINGSTON – Some 50 protesters used their democratic power on Saturday to demonstrate their disappointment in the Justin Trudeau government, which recently announced that electoral reform had never been a priority.
Using a megaphone, Simon Derome, a 22-year-old actor and Green Party supporter, was the first to hype up the group gathered at Springer Market Square.
"Trudeau made a clear promise in the last election that the 2015 federal election would be the last under first-past-the-post," Derome told the Whig-Standard after the demonstration. "Making that election promise, they made a promise in good faith to Canadians and a lot of progressive voters, voters in general, voted for Trudeau in good faith that they would keep that promise."
Derome said they strongly believed the electoral system in Canada is flawed and doesn't fully represent all Canadians.
"So when we had someone from a major party promising real change like that, the optimism and hope inside us wants that to be real," Derome said. "Then for them to break this promise, and in a way that seems like this was the plan all along, by obfuscating on the facts, being intellectually dishonest about the facts of proportional representation, it feels like this was the plan all along."
Within the crowd was city councillor Rob Hutchison, there as a voting citizen also disappointed with the recent development.
"I came out because I think a proportional representation is the fairest voting system that we can have," Hutchison said. "Not only during an election, but afterwards because parties will have a proportional number of seats to the amount of votes they got across the country. I think that means that Canadians will be better represented.
"I just think it was the height of cynicism for Trudeau to back out of their promise for electoral reform. It was only one of a number of promises made but I think people took it as a symbol of their wish to make politics better and more open, more representative for Canadians. Now he's reneged."
Alongside their wife Laura Knap, Andrew Haydon carried their daughter Alice on their back during the event.
"It seems fairly clear that the way our current voting system is structured doesn't allow for equal representation from all the views that are expressed," Haydon said. "In lots of places people's votes simply don't count, they don't live in a place where it's a competitive riding. First-past-the-post by its very design and structure disenfranchises a huge number of people. That's just the way it is set up. The breakdown in parliament does not represent the breakdown of votes across the country. It's as simple as that."
Knap agreed, noting a Green Party supporter would have little reason to vote in the Kingston and the Islands riding, which is strongly Liberal.
"The problem with that undemocratic system is that it reduces voter turnout, it reduces people's engagement in politics and it increases cynicism around the electoral process," Knap said. "You end up with strategic voting, which is a very cynical form of voting and doesn't allow people to actually express their preference. It creates a system where people are trying to choose the lesser of two evils."
scrosier@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/StephattheWhig
How many of my female readers carry their firearm in a purse? If you are one, you might want to read this story and reconsider your mode of carry….
Guns don't just “go off”. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that this happened because the firearm's trigger was uncovered and something got caught in the trigger guard. When they moved the purse, that “something” moved the trigger to the rear thus firing a round.
Ladies, please don't carry your pistol loose in your purse! I recognize that women's fashions make it difficult to conceal a decent sized gun while still looking feminine. But you still have to consider the purse as a LAST choice. It's too easy to leave unattended and thieves will often target your purse in a crime. Both can have disastrous consequences.
If you do choose to carry in your purse, the gun must go into a pocket BY ITSELF! No lipstick, Altoids, or dirty tissues to get wrapped up around the gun. It must also be in a holster that covers the trigger guard to prevent incidents like this. The best option is to buy a purse made specifically to carry a gun. Because I'm hardly the proper authority on women's purses, I will refer you to THIS article by Kathy Jackson about choosing a proper gun purse.
If you can't or won't buy a gun purse, follow the advice above and carry the weapon in a separate pocket with nothing else inside. I would suggest carrying the gun in a holster that covers the trigger guard to prevent accidental discharges. Pocket holsters are inexpensive and work well for this purpose. My favorites are the DeSantis Nemesis and Superfly. Both are quality holsters that will stay in place as you draw the weapon.
An even better option would be to carry your gun on your person! There are several holster types that allow women to comfortably carry a pistol on their bodies, rather than in a purse. You may have to try several to figure out which type works best for you.
Many of my female students find that carrying a weapon in the “appendix” position conceals better and is more comfortable than carrying the gun behind the hip. If you are interested in this carry type, you can find good holster recommendations in my article HERE.
One other innovative new product is the Flashbang Holster. While I haven't seen it in action, it is getting some rave reviews by female shooters online. Here's a fair and honest review of the holster and here is a VIDEO of it in action.
Every person is different. Some of you may like the purse carry, some may go for a more traditional holster…or even the Flashbang! Whatever method you use to carry your pistol, please make sure you practice drawing in all possible positions and using BOTH hands! It would be a very bad day if you found out you couldn't draw from your favorite holster while you were under attack, laying on the ground with an injured arm. Be safe and PRACTICE!
China's former security chief, Zhou Yongkang, has been charged with bribery, abuse of power and disclosure of state secret, making them the most senior Chinese official to be targeted in years.
Zhou, 73, who was the head of China's internal security till they retired in 2012, was a member of the elite standing committee of the Communist Party of China's Politburo. An investigation into Zhou's affairs during the time they held top offices was announced in July 2014 and they were expelled from the CPC.
Zhou held several top positions in the party as well in China's mammoth state enterprises.
“Zhou served as deputy general manager of China National Petroleum Corporation, secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Sichuan Provincial Committee, and member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee while minister of public security and state councillor,” a state media report said.
Rumours were making the rounds of an impending investigation against them soon after corruption charges were levelled against their protégé, Bo Xilai, now serving a life sentence for graft and abuse of power.
Zhou's expulsion from the CPC was seen as President Xi Jinping's efforts to improve the image of the party and strengthen their own position.
Last December, a report in the official Xinhua news agency had revealed the scope of investigation against him. The indictment against Zhou was brought on Friday at a court in Tianjin, a port city near Beijing. The date of their trial is yet to be announced.
First Published: Apr 03, 2015 23:47 IST
An effort to extend California's signature program for reducing greenhouse gas emissions to combat climate change cleared the California Legislature on Monday, sending the deal to Gov. Jerry Brown's desk.
Senate Pro Tem Kevin de León called AB 398, which cleared the necessary two-thirds threshold in both houses, a “legislative unicorn” that brought together an unusual coalition of business organizations and environmental groups, among others rarely aligned at the Capitol. After weeks of intense negotiations, eight Republican legislators voted for the measure to ensure its passage.
The Senate leader described the measure as the most affordable method to reach the state's ambitious goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions to 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030.
“Let's demonstrate to our children, to generations to come, to the rest of the nation, to Washington as well as the world, that California will always be the leader when it comes to climate action,” de León said.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
SHARE COPY LINK Gov. Jerry Brown celebrated the passage of a bill Monday night to extend California's cap-and-trade program through 2030.
Sen. Anthony Vidak, R-Hanford, argued that California produces 1 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions on the planet, and that efforts to reduce climate change within the state's borders are largely futile.
“We could shut down the entire state of California, and it would have absolutely no effect on the world climate,” Vidak said.
Sen. Tom Berryhill of Modesto, the only Republican to vote for the measure in the state Senate, said they made their decision after working with the governor to ensure that an extension of the manufacturing tax credit applied to the agriculture industry.
The California Farm Bureau Federation, Agricultural Council of California and other groups representing the farming industry wrote a letter in support of the bill on Monday.
“I'm a farmer by trade,” Berryhill said. “When my industry came to me and asked for help, I got it for them.”
Under California's system, emissions are capped and polluters are required to obtain permits for the greenhouse gases they emit. Though companies can trade for more capacity through a state-run auction or on the private market, the additional cost is intended to create an incentive for them to reduce their carbon footprint.
Revenue raised from the auctions were originally meant for state projects to offset the effects of climate change, including hundreds of millions of dollars for the high-speed rail line under construction.
Republicans complained that the measure would increase gas prices and home utility bills.
The existing cap-and-trade program raised gas prices by 11 cents a gallon, the state's Legislative Analyst reported last year. But estimates of how the current legislation might affect consumers has varied widely. It's difficult to predict how much gas will cost in the future, let alone what share could be attributed to extending cap-and-trade.
Extending the program has been a legacy-defining priority for Gov. Jerry Brown in their final years in office. They appeared before a Senate committee last week, calling it the “most important vote of your life.”
But drumming up a two-thirds supermajority in the ideologically fractured Legislature, to insulate cap-and-trade from further legal challenges, required vastly expanding the scope of the deal.
Another measure, Assembly Bill 617, increases monitoring and penalties for local air pollution, an attempt to address concerns from progressive Democrats that poor and minority communities have been left behind in California's fight against climate change. Both houses also approved a constitutional amendment Assembly Republicans introduced last week that would potentially give more them more say in how revenues are spent.
Weeks of intense negotiations also resulted in a promise to suspend the controversial fire prevention fee, detested by rural lawmakers whose constituents pay the $117 annual charge, through 2030; and amendments sought by industry groups, which gave political cover to business-friendly Democrats and Republicans to support the bill. Those include free allocations for emissions, a price cap on permits, a sales and use tax exemption for manufacturers and energy companies on equipment purchases and other expenses, limits on local air quality regulators, and an assurance that farmers will receive a significant chunk of auction revenue to upgrade their heavy-pollution equipment.
The deal is now supported by a wide range of business and environmental groups, though some major environmental organizations remain opposed becuase of the concerns that the cap-and-trade package is too friendly to industry interests.
State Senate President Kevin de León and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon last week suggested that a vote on a potential housing deal tied to cap-and-trade negotiations, could come as soon as this week. That's now been pushed to late August.
“We look forward to finalizing this package upon return,” Brown said in a statement Monday. He, Rendon and de León said they have a “shared commitment” to addressing the housing shortage that has led to the worst affordabilty crisis the state has ever seen.
The joint statement said any package would include a permanent, annual funding source for affordable housing, a general obligation bond and regulatory reform, but did not detail specific proposals.
It seems bizarre that right-wing pundits would be so desperate to use the recent anti-American protests in the Middle East -- in most cases numbering only a few hundred people and (except for a peaceful Hezbollah-organized rally in Lebanon) in no cases numbering more than two or three thousand -- as somehow indicative of why the United States should oppose greater democracy in the Middle East. Even more strangely, some media pundits are criticizing Arabs as being "ungrateful" for U.S. support of pro-democracy movements when, in reality, the United States initially opposed the popular movements that deposed Western-backed despots in Tunisia, Egypt, and Yemen, and remains a preeminent backer of dictatorships in the region today.
Meanwhile, Mitt Romney falsely accused President Obama of "apologizing" for what the Republican presidential nominee referred to as "American values" and of "sympathizing" with those who attacked diplomatic missions rather than promptly condemning them. (What apparently prompted this misleading attack was a tweet from the U.S. embassy in Cairo prior to the worst attacks reiterating U.S. opposition to "efforts to offend believers of all religions" and "the actions by those who abuse the universal right of free speech to hurt the religious beliefs of others.")
What incited many of the protests was an outrageously offensive anti-Islamic movie produced by a Christian extremist in California, but there is a lot more to the protests than this triggering event.
For years, the Christian right and Islamic right have sought to provoke extremism and hatred as part of an effort to seemingly validate the stereotypes of the other. As Hani Shukrallah remarked about the film in the leading Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram, "The obvious, outward motive of such attempts is not difficult to discern: to show Muslims as irrational, violent, intolerant and barbaric, all of which are attributes profoundly inscribed into the racist anti-Muslim discourse in the West. And, it's a very safe bet that there will be among us those who will readily oblige."
The attacks on two U.S. consulate offices in Benghazi, which killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans in Libya, are far more significant, though these appear to have been the work of Ansar al-Sharia, an extremist Islamist militia which took advantage of a protest to launch their armed assault avenging the killing of a Libyan-born al-Qaeda leader by a drone strike in Pakistan. Ironically, the United States allied with these extremists in the armed uprising against the Gaddafi regime last year.
Indeed, last week's tragedy in Libya should raise questions about the wisdom of backing such armed uprisings, even against a brutal dictator. In Egypt and Yemen, where dictatorships were overthrown largely through mass nonviolent action not supported by Washington, the worst damage protesters at the U.S. embassies could do was to seize parts of the grounds and burn the American flag. In Libya, where the dictator was overthrown in an armed revolution that was supported by Washington, two consulate buildings were destroyed and four Americans were killed in a coordinated assault with automatic weapons, mortars, and rocket-propelled grenades. Historically, autocratic regimes overthrown by armed struggle are far more likely to descend into violence and chaos (and/or a new dictatorship) than authoritarian regimes toppled through largely nonviolent methods.
In a country of six million people, more than 200,000 Libyans are armed members of militias outside the control of the Libyan government. Even though the recent Libyan elections appear to have been free and fair, and the winners largely consisted of moderates open to a democratic political system, the legacy of the war and the NATO intervention will likely remain a problem for some time to come.
In the rest of the region, where uprisings against dictatorships came largely in the form of unarmed civil insurrections, radical Islamists have been severely weakened, as the popular revolts demonstrated how U.S.-backed regimes could be toppled without embracing terrorism or extremist ideologies. The need to manipulate a hysterical reaction to an obscure, albeit offensive, film is indicative of just how desperate the far-right-wing Islamists have become in asserting their relevance. These extremists were able to stir up crowds in cities in more than a dozen Islamist countries, who assumed that the film was a major Hollywood production which, like movies in Egypt and many other countries in the region, must have been subjected to review and approval by government censors before being released to the public.
Ironically, the Prophet Muhammad faced worse defamation in their lifetime but refused to curse their enemies, following the words of the Qur'an to "Repel evil with something that is better, lovelier."
In short, anti-democratic forces in both the United States and the Arab world want to discredit the pro-democracy struggles in the Middle East: on the one hand, Republicans and others who unconditionally support pro-Western dictatorships, U.S. interventionism, and the Israeli occupation; and, on the other extreme, radical Islamists who want to counter their increasing marginality. Fortunately, the reactions by these chauvinistic forces are more a relic of the past than they are a harbinger of the future.
In thinking about an appropriate U.S. response, it is important not to repeat the mistakes of U.S. policy in recent years. It is extremely unlikely that such vitriolic anti-American protests would have taken place were it not for decades of U.S. support, during both Republican and Democratic administrations, of allied dictatorships and the Israeli occupation, not to mention the invasion and occupation of Iraq and the ongoing military strikes in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Yemen. Indeed, interviews with demonstrators in Yemen and elsewhere not surprisingly found grievances towards the United States that went far beyond the film itself.
It is also noteworthy that the apparent producer of the offending film was a Coptic Christian immigrant who presumably developed their extreme hatred toward Muslims as a reaction to the persecution of their fellow Copts in their native Egypt. Much of that persecution was a direct result of the U.S.-backed Mubarak regime's attempts to deliberately foment hatred and division between Egyptian Muslims and Christians. Despite the regime's discrimination and oppression against the Copts -- including the infamous 2010 bombing of a Coptic Church in Alexandria, allegedly by agents from Mubarak's Interior Ministry, which killed and injured dozens -- both Republican and Democratic administrations provided the Mubarak dictatorship with tens of billions of dollars' worth of military and financial backing.
It is particularly tragic, then, that the victims of last week's upsurge in violence included Ambassador Christopher Stevens, one of the United States' most knowledgeable and respected diplomats. The outpouring of grief and remorse from Libyans and others indicates that most Arabs, despite their understandable resentment of U.S. policy, recognize that there can still be good individuals representing the United States abroad.
The best thing that can be done in the memory of Stevens and other victims, then, is to redouble efforts to end U.S. support for Arab dictatorships and Israeli occupation forces. Indeed, the best defense against extremists are political systems that honor people's demands for freedom and justice.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A study has found that bullying within the tech industry is driving away LGBT hopeful candidates.
The Tech Leavers Study surveyed over 2000 professionals who had left a position working in the tech industry and found that 20 per cent of LGBT employees had experienced bullying within the work place.
24 per cent of LGBT employees had experienced public humiliation or embarrassment, compared to just 13 per cent of non-LGBT people.
Nearly two thirds of the LGBT surveyed said that the bullying contributed towards their decision to leave the company.
One surveyed employee who works as an engineer and is transgender explained that they had experienced unprecedented discrimination.
“I was grossly underpaid, and my experiences of marginalisation as a minority was dismissed by my manager, whose general disrespect and maltreatment of me caused high levels of stress and job dissatisfaction,” they commented anonymously.
It is believed the discrimination is costing the tech industry upwards of $16 billion, according to the study.
Selisse Berry, the CEO of Out & Equal Workplace Advocates called the workplace bullying “bad for business.”
Berry said: “If LGBT people are being bullied at work, they aren't able to be as productive, creative, or connected to their role and their workplace.
“How can our country be on the leading edge of technology if we're still functioning with a 1950s view of who is welcome in the workplace?” Berry added.
The report calls for three key actions within the industry to begin to combat the derogatory practice.
Firstly, it calls for a comprehensive diversity and inclusion strategy to by implemented. Secondly, an inclusive culture needs to be nurtured by identifying “core values” and having a firm code of conduct. Finally, the report suggests that a fair management process should be reviewed.
The study comes after the federal appeals court in the US has ruled that lesbian, gay and bisexual employees are protected against discrimination.
One advantage to having a strong starting pitching staff, allegedly, is that good starting pitching helps eliminate losing streaks. I have never seen a study showing that strong pitching instead of strong hitting stops long losing streaks, and I'm not sure a study would support that claim.
Either way, it does some reasonable to suggest that good teams do not embark on long losing streaks while bad teams do. Two games is not really a losing streak, but with an eight-game road trip looming, a win on Sunday against the Toronto Blue Jays would give Kansas City Royals fans increased confidence that this team is different from past teams that lost games in bunches.
Starting pitcher Ervin Santana will feel the increased pressure, as they face off against Brandon Morrow. Santana had a strong start last time around, allowing one run in eight innings of work. The right-handed starter has struck out 15 batters in 14 innings, and only walkied two batters. Santana will need to keep the ball in the park Toronto, as they did surrender three home runs in their Royals debut against the Chicago White Sox.
Morrow has looked shaky in their most recent start against the Detroit Tigers. The Tigers battered Morrow for nine hits in 3.2 innings, smacking two round-trippers and scoring five runs. The starting pitcher had a much better debut against the Cleveland Indians, and hopes to regain that form against Kansas City.
A 3-3 home stand would likely be considered a disappointment in the mind of the local media and fanbase, especially after the team swept the Minnesota Twins. Although Sunday's game counts the same in the standings as every other game left on the schedule, it feels like an important game to win before the schedule starts to increase in difficulty. These Royals team cannot go on an extended losing streak, if only to keep the fanbase from having a full-on meltdown.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Guyana, the only South American country which still bans same-sex sexual activity, will not hold a referendum to give voters the choice to decriminalise homosexuality – despite media organisations claiming the opposite.
The news published by several Guyanese local media organisations was a result of a misunderstanding of the government's official position on the matter.
The government had responded to a submission made by the Society Against Sexual Orientation Discrimination (SASOD), its managing director Joe Simpson told PinkNews.
SASOD called for government action on youth LGBT discrimination with special regard to the fields of education, bullying, employment sexual and mental health.
It put forward its petition to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) following the 161st Ordinary Period of Session addressing young people's rights.
The government's response stated: “The issue of repeal was brought to the attention of the legislative arm of government on several occasions and it was deemed unfit for the legislature to decide on the matter.
“As such, it was recommended that the matter be taken to a vote, where the people of Guyana will decide by a referendum on these matters.”
SASOD sent this statement to several local media organisations who reported that the government would run a referendum in which the public would have had the chance to decide to decriminalise homosexuality.
However, no actual plans for a referendum have been confirmed. No Guyanese media organisation has since published a correction of the initial reports.
The High Commission of Guyana in London told PinkNews it has not heard anything about any plans for a referendum.
Currently, Guyana's laws consider homosexuality illegal, do not recognise same-sex marriage and do not offer protection from discrimination.
The government's response to the petition stated that Guyana's President David Granger supports the change in the laws.
Granger has previously shown their support towards the Guyanese LGBT community.
In 2016, Granger said: “I am prepared to respect the rights of any adult to indulge in any practice which is not harmful to others.”
However, their government has been criticised by the SASOD for not having implemented any changes.
Joel Simpson, SASOD managing director told Stabroek News: “I am glad the government remembers and they should be reminded that they haven't delivered [their promises] two years later.”
In 2012, Guyana's parliament set up a special select committee to hold consultations on a number of human rights issues.
However, the committee's life was cut short before it could examine the country's anti-gay laws when then President Ramotar prorogued parliament in December 2014 and held early elections in May 2015.
More recently Guyanese transgender activists started pushing for a change in the country's archaic LGBT laws.
We look at a radical economic plan being put forward by Swiss campaigners - free cash for everyone. In a referendum this weekend, Switzerland is voting on whether all its citizens, working or not, should receive a universal basic income. The idea has been around since the 16th Century, and embraced by some thinkers of both the left and the libertarian right. Now, some argue, it could have extra value and relevance given the rise of intelligent machines taking our jobs. We hear from the Swiss campaigners, from Finland where they are piloting a different version of the scheme, and we hear from Anthony Painter, director of the Action and Research Centre at the UK think tank, the RSA, who believes it provides the perfect basis for a more just and equal future society. On the opposing view, we hear from professor Kevin Milligan at the UBC Vancouver School of Economics. They say most versions of the Universal Basic Income idea are ill-targeted and unaffordable.
(Photo: A giant campaign poster in Geneva, Switzerland, Credit: Getty Images)
I started to talk to this guy I had met online. They were what I wanted in a guy, personality wise. He's loyal, down to earth, very romantic and respects me. After talking for a while and some flirting, we decided to meet up and I was really excited to meet him. When I first saw him, I was shocked. It was not their face, it was their height. Personally, I don't like it when the guy I'm currently talking/seeing is short because I am pretty short myself. They stand at about 5'6 which I find is quite short compared to most guys. I know this sounds really bitchy and rude but I can't shrug it off. It's not their face or body, it's their height. I hate to say this but I was embarrassed to be seen with him. When they would try to hold hands with me, I would always find an excuse not too. I felt extremely bad. It wasn't their fault that they were short. I didn't want to let a guy as amazing as them go. So I asked my friends for advice advice and my best friend said to drop him. My other friend said not too. I'm really sorry but this isn't something i can shrug off. Any advice? Do I drop him?
* I know that I sound very shallow and conceited. It is just something I can't get past. I 'm sorry. Please help me instead of hating on me xx *
The Republican National Committee released an audacious set of recommendations on Monday aimed at revitalizing the party following the drubbing suffered by GOP candidates last November, calling for sweeping changes to the party's infrastructure, outreach and nominating process to contend for the White House in 2016.
The RNC's 100-page report, the "Growth and Opportunity Project," is the election autopsy ordered by Chairman Reince Priebus last fall.
While speaking Monday at a National Press Club breakfast, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus reflects on what may have gone wrong for the GOP during the 2012 presidential campaign.
Culled from more than 52,000 contacts with voters, party consultants and elected officials, it calls for drastic changes to almost every major element of the modern Republican Party.
"When Republicans lost in November, it was a wake-up call. And in response I initiated the most public and most comprehensive post-election review in the history of any national party," Priebus said Monday morning at the National Press Club. "As it makes clear, there's no one reason we lost. Our message was weak; our ground game was insufficient; we weren't inclusive; we were behind in both data and digital; our primary and debate process needed improvement."
In essence, the report argues for a more data-driven Republican Party in which the RNC assumes increased authority for party-building efforts.
The report calls for increased outreach to women, young voters and minorities — especially Hispanics. The document acknowledges the GOP's policy on immigration has become a “litmus test” for what will be a key constituency necessary for the party's success in the next four years and beyond.
"We are not a policy committee, but among the steps Republicans take in the Hispanic community and beyond, we must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform," the report says, nodding at other points to the bipartisan reform efforts currently before Congress. "If we do not, our Party's appeal will continue to shrink to its core constituencies only."
The report also notes a growing generational divide on the issue of gay rights, calling the issue a "gateway" for young voters deciding whether to align with the GOP.
"We can't grow the party by division and subtraction," Priebus said during a question-and-answer session at the press club. "We can only build it by addition and multiplication."
But the report is hardly focused on social issues alone. Its top recurring theme arguably involves building a robust Republican data infrastructure, and applying a commitment to testing and analysis of almost every operation of the RNC.
Priebus is advised to hire a chief technology officer and digital officer by the end of April, and give them wide latitude to inform aspects of the party from fundraising to media strategy and messaging and beyond.
"Those teams will work together to integrate their respective areas throughout the RNC and provide a data-driven focus for the rest of the organization," Priebus said. "And they will be the new center of gravity within the organization."
The GOP's digital revamp — as with most of the other elements of the report — was prompted by the Obama campaign's far more sophisticated operation in 2012.
Handout / Getty Images Chairman of the Republican National Committee, Reince Priebus, appears on ''Face the Nation'' on March 17, 2013 in Washington, D.C.
Many of the reforms proposed by the Growth and Opportunity Project, however, will encounter stiff resistance in corners of the Republican Party and broader conservative movement — because of a deep distrust of the official GOP among the grassroots.
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin encapsulated the sentiment during their speech on Saturday before the Conservative Political Action Conference.
"Now is the time to furlough the consultants, and tune out the pollsters, send the focus groups home, and toss the political scripts," they said, "because if we truly know what we believe, we don't need professionals to tell us."
And some of the report's declarations are sure to ruffle feathers on the Right.
The report says bluntly at one point that "third-party groups that promote purity are hurting our electoral prospects," an indirect reference to groups like the Club for Growth, which has promoted challenges to Republicans regarded as more electable who are accused of transgressing against conservative principle.
A spokesperson for the Club for Growth had no comment about the report, and Ari Fleischer, one of the leaders of the GOP project, argued that success would involve overcoming resistance from fellow Republicans.
"Successful parties learn and grow, and you do the best learning after you lose," they said at a press conference Monday morning.
The report also calls super PACs a "wild card" that threaten to weaken an eventual nominee due to the onslaught of negative advertising during primaries. (2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney suffered from this type of friendly fire during their slog to the nomination.)
The report calls for broader changes to the Republican primary system, too, especially as it relates to picking a presidential candidate. It calls for prohibiting primary debates before Sept. 1, 2015, and limiting the total number of debates to 10 or 12 -- and possibly docking delegates from candidates who ignore the rules.
The report also calls for holding the Republican National Convention in late June or July, necessitating that the primary process concludes between late April and mid-May.
To accomplish that, the Growth and Opportunity Project recommends for a major — and likely contentious — overhaul to the primary calendar in which groups of states in a similar region would vote on the same date. The so-called "regional primary system" would follow traditional nominating contests in states like Iowa and New Hampshire, for which there would be an exception.
Furthermore, the report recommends that Republicans ditch caucuses and conventions — venues in which conservative activists traditionally dominate — in favor of primaries for picking a nominee.
Among the report's assorted other recommendations:
Establish a new "Growth and Opportunity Inclusion Council" tasked with reaching out to Hispanics, African Americans, Asians and Pacific Islanders, Native Americans and other minority communities;
Commit an initial $10 million to improving outreach to minority communities;
Set up an "RNC Celebrity Task Force of personalities in the entertainment industry" to attract young voters, and encourage Republican leaders to "participate in and actively prepare for interviews" on the Daily Show, the Colbert Report and other media aimed toward younger Americans;
Place a greater emphasis on early voting in political strategy, messaging and budgeting;
Invest in full-time field staff in states beginning at a much earlier point in election cycles;
Convene a quarterly summit of Republican pollsters, ensure an accurate model of likely voters and turnout for polling, and recommend that GOP polls include a 25 percent subsample of respondents who can be reached by cell phone only;
Explore making more efficient television advertising purchases, including possibly shifting resources away from paid media and toward organizational efforts and alternative methods of voter contact;
Work with outside conservative groups (to the extent that it's legal) to better define different organizations' responsibilities;
Encourage a well-funded conservative group (akin to Democrats' group, American Bridge) dedicated to full-time tracking and research of Democratic candidates;
Expand the RNC's low-dollar fundraising program, and seek more efficient finance staffing;
"Convince Congress to remove the biennial aggregate contribution limits," or, absent that, seek to increase the contribution limits for federal campaigns;
Abolish the public financing system for presidential campaigns, including the matching funds program;
Replace taxpayer funding of national party conventions with a system in which party committees could raise additional funds for the conventions;
Allow party committees to raise additional funds to support the maintenance of their buildings and facilities.
This story was originally published on
Global entertainment leader Cirque du Soleil today announced the acquisition of New-York-based Blue Man Productions, a global live entertainment company best known for the award-winning Blue Man Group show, performed in over 20 countries and seen by more than 35 million people worldwide since 1991. The acquisition of Blue Man Group considerably widens Cirque du Soleil's audience pool, adding to their portfolio six resident productions established across the United States and Germany, as well as a North American and a World Tour.
The transaction is in line with Cirque du Soleil's vision for the future, as the Montreal-based creative powerhouse looks to further expand globally and diversify its entertainment offering beyond circus arts. With its original aesthetics, award-winning musical talent and immersive experience know-how, the acquisition of Blue Man Group also represents an additional asset for Cirque du Soleil's creative team and show offerings.
“We want to broaden our horizons, develop new forms of entertainment, reach out to new audiences and expand our own creative capabilities. Today, we are taking a decisive step towards materializing these ambitions”, said Daniel Lamarre, President and CEO of Cirque du Soleil. “We are extremely excited to welcome the iconic Blue Man Group to our portfolio of shows. Their unbridled creativity makes them a perfect cultural fit for Cirque du Soleil. Our extensive marketing research also confirms that Blue Man Group is a strong ‘love brand' with a solid fan base – something else our two brands have in common.”
For 25 years, Blue Man Group has earned an unrivaled reputation in the global entertainment industry. With a history and values similar to that of Cirque, the company was born of a crazy dream in the creative minds of its three founders. Blending technology, music and comedy, they created boldly colored, playful and steadfastly interactive shows. The company currently operates resident shows in New York, Boston, Las Vegas, Chicago, Orlando and Berlin, as well as two touring productions.
Blue Man Group Co-Founder Phil Stanton explains, “When we began our Blue Man journey, we set our sights on creating theater that would bring people together in a celebration of human connection. We have been humbled, amazed and inspired by the audience responses we have received over the years.”
Co-Founder Chris Wink adds, “Now, we find ourselves on the brink of our next chapter, and we have big ideas for the future. Only a global creative powerhouse like Cirque du Soleil could help us achieve our vision. Their commitment to artistic quality and originality is unparalleled and their creative resources are vast. It is an honor to join forces with their organization.”
About Blue Man Group
Blue Man Group was created in 1991 by three long-time friends from New York City: Chris Wink, Phil Stanton and Matt Goldman, who were determined they would achieve lives of meaning and purpose by following their own path. They created a ground-breaking performance centered on a bald and blue character they called Blue Man.
Blue Man Productions is now a global entertainment company best known for the award-winning Blue Man Group show, performed in over 20 countries and seen by more than 35 million people worldwide since 1991. A dynamic combination of art, music, comedy and technology, the show's euphoric celebration of human connection has universal appeal for a broad range of age groups and cultural backgrounds. Blue Man Group was owned by Co-Founders Chris Wink and Phil Stanton, and the GF Capital Private Equity Fund. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor to Blue Man Group.
About Cirque du Soleil
From a group of 20 street performers at its beginnings in 1984, Cirque du Soleil has evolved from a world leading organization that reinvented circus arts to become a global live entertainment provider. From its international headquarters in Montreal, Canada, Cirque du Soleil has brought wonder and delight to more than 180 million spectators in over 450 cities in 60 countries on six continents. In 2017 alone, 18 shows are being simultaneously presented around the world. Cirque du Soleil also brings the same energy and spirit that characterize each of its shows to other spheres of activity, while maintaining stringent standards of artistic quality and originality. The company now has close to 4,000 employees, including 1,300 performing artists from close to 50 different countries. For more information about Cirque du Soleil, visit www.cirquedusoleil.com.
For more information:
Elise Tellier
Publicist
1-514-723-7646 (8019)
elise.tellier@cirquedusoleil.com
(CNN) -- Dressed modestly, with a red headscarf loosely draped over their head and shoulders, they step onto the stage and nervously paces back and forth. Waiting for the music to begin and break the silence, they almost misses their first note before quietly singing into the microphone.
Them voice chokes when one of four judges turns their chair to face her; they awkwardly bow their head and smiles. But they sing more confidently when the sole female judge turns around a few minutes later. The singer is through to the next stage.
In a country ranked by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll as the most dangerous place in the world for women in 2011, what Shabana Faryad did was brave. Very brave. Faryad was the only female contestant to have auditioned for the first series of "The Voice of Afghanistan" last year. And the claps and cheers that loudly resounded throughout the studio came from an audience of men.
Aryana Sayeed -- a popular Afghan singer who was a judge on the show -- said they turned their chair around purely because the contestant was a woman. "I had to do it," they said. "She at least had the courage to come along, to step onto the stage."
But Sayeed says their own appearance on the show put their lives at risk. Dressed in fashionable, figure-hugging attire, certain religious hard liners were angered by the fact that their wardrobe lacked one item: a headscarf. In the view of their critics, women should be covered and compliant. As a result, Sayeed says mullahs threatened them with death.
"They said that whoever kills this singer would go to heaven," they recall. "It was getting really difficult, I couldn't go anywhere. I was basically a prisoner in my hotel room, I had bodyguards with me all the time."
Sayeed, 28, was born and raised in Kabul and left at the age of eight with their parents and five sisters for Pakistan, where they lived for a few years before heading to Switzerland. They eventually settled in London in 2000.
War and violence forced their family to flee Afghanistan. "All I have seen and have grown up with is war, guns and problems," they say, recalling an incident when a rocket hit a tree in their garden in the early hours of the morning while they and their family were sleeping.
"We used to hear the gunshots all the time, it had become so normal," Sayeed says. "You heard them while you were just sitting there talking and it didn't even scare you. I remember all that when I was a child."
At the age of 24, after convincing their family to allow them to pursue a career as a singer -- a profession which they say is looked down upon for Afghan women -- Sayeed rose to fame in their homeland and travelled back and forth for television appearances and concerts.
They released 'Lady of the Land of Fire,' their first female-empowerment song, last year. It opens with provocative scenes of the violence and oppression experienced by Afghan women. "Who says I am a mother to this world?" Sayeed sings. "I am nothing but a burden on the son's shoulders, I am a slave because I am a wife, I am a headache when I am a sister." The video, shot on the streets of Kabul, was released during the time when the singer was receiving death threats.
Softly spoken yet self-assured, Sayeed says they are targeted because of their openness about women's rights and not just because of how they dress. "If I just did my concerts and my music, most of these extremists would not have cared so much as they are caring right now."
They also feel their aims are misinterpreted and that women should have the freedom to choose how they dress. "When I talk about freedom and women's rights, it's not that you have to take your scarves off. I never say that. My mum wears a scarf and I respect that."
The gallery at the top of this page shows the contrast between Afghanistan, past and present: during the 1950s to 1970s, women could walk the streets in skirts and high heels -- a far cry from the usual burqa-clad images which circulate today.
"My mum was somebody who had chosen to wear a scarf, whereas my auntie would wear short skirts," recalls Sayeed. "They were free to do whatever they wanted... My aunt is now having to cover up. They even have to cover up the new generation, their children, even more than them It's unbelievable."
Sayeed is reminded of a story another aunt told her, about how they were walking down the street wearing a burqa and white slippers. Members of the Taliban, in power from 1994 to 2001, saw them and beat them -- for wearing the color of their flag on their feet. "This was a 60-year-old woman who had the freedom, when they were young, to go to school, work, have a normal life. And now, even though they were wearing a burqa, they picked on them because of their shoes."
Sayeed says they regularly receive a barrage of abusive messages on their Facebook page, criticizing them for dressing liberally. But they are driven by those who value their work, especially girls and women who write appreciative letters and embrace them after concerts.
However, there are some fans they are particularly concerned about: after holding a ladies-only concert a couple of months ago, they received messages pleading for help. They say mullahs had seen clips of a group of females attending the show -- and labelled them as whores.
"They were so scared; they only came out [to the concert] because of me," Sayeed says. Despite the singer's efforts to reply and offer help, they have not heard back from them. "It's something that's stuck in my mind." They pause, their voice slightly breaking. "I'm thinking about it all the time."
But Afghanistan has seen some advances. Women appearing on TV were forbidden under Taliban rule: times have changed with shows like "The Voice." Women also have a say in the current presidential elections. Their right to vote was reinstated after U.S. and allied military toppled the Taliban in 2001.
"To other people it's just an election, but it's such an emotional time for me," says Sayeed, "looking at these women voting with ink on their fingers and so much passion and hope. They have a choice to choose a leader now, before it was never the case."
Personal reasons may stop them from participating as a judge on season two of "The Voice," set to run soon, they explain. But they assert that the threats have not disheartened them Them next single, "Champion," will be released this year and bears another powerful message on women's rights. "Champion is about, no matter what you say to me, no matter what you do to me, I'm not going to give up."
Fact is, there isn't much that can stop Sayeed from carrying out their advocacy, which they feel is their duty to their fellow Afghan women.
"For me, since I've been travelling to Afghanistan, seen the women, heard the stories, seen the country from close, it has affected me so much. It has become my number one priority, more than anything else, even my music. And I'm going to carry on doing it."
READ: Afghan election heads for June runoff
READ: Women could make the difference as Afghanistan turns out to vote
Jennifer Bowers, PhD, RD
Everybody's talking about the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) newly proposed food label…. from First Lady Michelle Obama to your local news channel to nutrition professionals. Marion Nestle, a well-known and distinguished food advocate and Professor in the Department of Nutrition, Food Studies and Public Health at New York University, calls the new food label, “an extraordinary accomplishment.”
The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, the world's largest organization of food and nutrition professionals, applauds the FDA's new label and states it largely aligns with nutrition recommendations made to FDA by the Academy.
FDA has not changed the food label in over 23 years. So, frankly, it's well overdue. The new label is a result of years of debates and negotiations amongst government agencies, policymakers, scientists, food manufacturers and food industry stakeholders.
With so many numbers, percentages, calories, grams, milligrams and even micrograms on the food label, trying to decipher the label can be a daunting task. Let's dive into each section and break it down into manageable bite-size elements.
Here are some of the things you need to know in order to intelligently interpret the label that will be adorning our foods in a couple of years and make healthy food choices.
Bold New Highlights
To get the message across more clearly than ever, the new food label has Calories in big bold letters. Calories are the first numbers that catch your eye. Not only does this make the information easier to find, this change reflects the obesity epidemic in the United States.
According to the 2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), public health experts estimate that two-thirds of American adults and one-third of American children are classified as overweight or obese. One out of twenty American adults are extremely or morbidly obese.
High calorie diets are one major contributor to these rising statistics. With the bold font of the calorie value on the food label, hopefully consumers will pay closer attention to their calorie intake. After all, it's all about calorie balance…. Calories into the body must be lower than calories used by the body in order to result in weight loss.
Added Sugars
Another very distinctive change — Added sugars are displayed on the new food label, a value not included in the original food label. Though highly debatable, the public health experts won the battle with food and sugar industries, to get added sugar data incorporated.
While it's obvious to most people that there are added sugars in cookies and donuts, hidden added sugars are more difficult to decipher. For example, sugars are usually added into pasta sauces and salad dressings. Naturally occurring sugars are present in fruits and dairy products. By including the added sugars value on the food label, the consumer can determine which sugars are naturally occurring versus sugars that are added by the food manufacturers.
NHANES reported that American children consumed 16% of their daily calories from added sugars, while American adults consumed approximately 13% of their calories from added sugars (12.7% for men and 13.2% for women). The 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends less than 10% daily calories from added sugars. Foods, not beverages, are the highest contributor to added sugar intake.
Inclusion of added sugars on the food label could result in changes of recipes used by food companies. This happened when trans fat was added to the food label in 2006. Many formulation changes in food manufacturing occurred in order to reduce or omit the trans fat content of the food products. It remains to be seen if added sugars in food products will diminish or vanish in the same manner that trans fats seemingly disappeared. Time will tell….
Serving sizes
It's safe to say that serving sizes on the old food label were misleading. Some drink bottles stated that there were 2.5 servings per container. Or, snack foods claim there are 3.5 servings in a bag. The new food label will reflect what regular people will typically eat in one sitting. In other words, the whole container if you have the munchies. On some packages, you will see data listed in two columns: one serving and one container. This slight but crucial change on the food label should alert consumers to what they are truly eating.
Vitamins and Minerals
Different micronutrients are represented on the new food label, to better reflect the current health issues typically encountered by American consumers. Also, actual amounts of the micronutrients are included on the label, not only %DV. For example, a food will show both 260 mg calcium per serving, and 20% DV of calcium. Knowing how much calcium is in a cup of yogurt is especially helpful when personalized recommendations from a physician or dietitian differ from the 1200 mg value used to calculate the %DV. Some nutrition professionals advise their clients to ignore the %DV completely, because it can be confusing. The actual amounts of nutrients in foods are far more useful for you to know.
Vitamin D and calcium are noted, due to the rising incidence of osteoporotic bone disease and vitamin D deficiencies. Osteoporosis is more prevalent among Caucasian women with a family history of decreased bone mineralization. NHANES reported an increased risk of vitamin D deficiency among Americans, from 1988 to 2006.
Iron values continue to appear on the new food label, with the ongoing concern of iron deficiency anemia. In developed countries, iron deficiency anemia is most prevalent among infants, toddlers, young children, females of childbearing age, female athletes, and the elderly.
Potassium is a newcomer to the food label. People with certain medical conditions, such as kidney disease, or athletes and outdoor workers who sweat for long periods of time, need to pay attention to their intake of potassium. Further, diets rich in calcium and potassium are players in the DASH diet (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension), and may reduce high blood pressure.
Vitamin A and vitamin C are ‘voluntary' now, so will likely disappear from the label. Deficiencies of these vitamins are rare in America today.
Percent Daily Value
Arguably, the percent Daily Value (%DV) is the most confusing part of the food label. To complicate matters, some Daily Values have changed based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans and the Institute of Medicine recommendations for 2015-2020.
For example, dietary fiber recommendations are now 28 grams per day (formerly 25 grams per day). Food with 6 grams of fiber per serving will now reflect 21% DV, when it used to reflect 24% DV. Guidelines for sodium have also changed, reducing from 2,400 mg per day to 2,300 mg per day. The changing %DV figures on the new food label do not reflect changes in the actual food, only changes in the standards upon which the calculations are based.
Out with the Old
Certain elements of the original food label are eliminated completely. “Calories from fat” will no longer be noted, based on scientific research studies demonstrating that the type of fat consumed (monounsaturated fat versus saturated fat) relates more to health than the amount of fat consumed. Types of fat, saturated fat and trans fat, will still be stated to aid the consumer in wise choices.
The nutritional recommendations table at the bottom of the label has been streamlined, but continues to reflect the general advice of 2,000 calories per day. Keep in mind that not every person needs 2,000 calories each day. Some people need more and some need less, so be sure to take your individuality into account when interpreting %DV.
What About Health Claims?
“Low fat,” “Reduced Sugar,” “Low Sodium,” and other various nutrient content claims on food packaging are not affected by the new food label conversion. The changes are simply to the graphic Nutrition Facts, not extending to other areas of the actual food packaging.
It's important to note, that all health claims on food packages have actual legal definitions designated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). For example, “Reduced Sodium” is defined legally as 25% less sodium per serving than the regular food. “Low Sodium” is defined as less than 140 mg sodium per serving. “Sodium Free” may be stated on foods with less than 5 mg sodium per serving. In other words, “Reduced Sodium” may still be considered a high sodium food. It's just lower than the regular version of the food. But, the statements “Low Sodium” and “Sodium Free” encompass an actual amount of sodium. You can see what all of the health claims mean at FDA.
FDA also has standards as to what health claims may be made on packaging of foods and supplements. Qualified health claims are based on solid scientific research and evolve as new studies are conducted. Health claims are based on relationships between a nutrient and a disease state, such as calcium and osteoporosis, or dietary fiber and some forms of cancer. These standards still hold true and are not affected by the new food label conversion.
Bottom Line
You're in a hurry at the grocery store and need to read your food labels quickly, so what do you look for? First and foremost:
The serving size
The calories
These two values provide a great deal of information to the consumer at a glance.
All data on the food label is based on the serving size listed. For example, if two cookies are 200 calories, but you typically eat six cookies at a setting… you will consume 600 calories. Keep in mind that the food company's serving size is not always your personal serving size. Tons of useful information can be gleaned from the food label, but the bottom line is the calories per serving, and what that serving looks like. Your serving is what is going into your body!
When Will This Show Up in My Store?
The FDA has placed a deadline of July 26, 2018, for food companies to adapt to the new food label. Smaller food companies are given an extra year to make the conversion. You will likely see changes beginning to occur within a few months.
Summary
The new food label does not tell you what to eat, rather it informs you of what you are eating. You are the decision maker as to what you put into your body and knowledge is power!
Here are the highlights:
Calories are big and bold
Servings sizes are realistic
Added sugars are brand new
Vitamins and minerals are updated
% Daily Values are based on new guidelines
YOU are still in charge of your eating
Dr. Jennifer Bowers is a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist with 25 years of experience in clinical nutrition and health promotion. Them private practice is dedicated to enhancing the lives of their clients through healthy lifestyles and nourishing food. Dr. Bowers earned their PhD in Nutritional Sciences from the University of Arizona. They reside in Tucson, Arizona, with their family and enjoys hiking, swimming, cycling, cooking and traveling.
Toronto and Vancouver are two of Canada's biggest cities, and also the countries two hottest real estate markets. But according to an economist at TD Bank, the Toronto market is now out-scorching Vancouver's.
As TD Bank's Diana Petramala says in the Globe and Mail, the average price of a home in Toronto is up 18 per cent since last year and we hit record sales in August. "Toronto's appreciation in average home prices since early 2015 has now exceeded Vancouver's," they write.
Thanks in part to a new land-transfer tax on non-resident buyers, they note, housing prices in Vancouver a beginning to drop a bit.
But Toronto's are staying strong, for now. However, they say that we can't expect this trend to last forever. Our red hot market might start to cool some time next year when currently under-construction projects increase the city's real estate supply and mortgage rates are adjusted following longer term bond yields in U.S. markets.
Photo by Nick Kernick in the blogTO Flickr pool.
Believe it or not, Pastafarianism is a legitimate world religion. It has reached almost all corners of the world from the United States to New Zealand and even Poland. It's an incredible religion which points out the inherent flaws in a system which seeks to place its beliefs above those of others. In the United States the federal government, however has considered it a false religion a parody of belief satirizing “true believers”. Personally I believe this should be considered a criminal act. But, in the Navy we have something called equal opportunity and they are lawfully obligated to honor your beliefs regardless of silliness. It's not perfect, yet, and we're working towards that goal.
You see in the Navy if you classify yourself as a Pastafarian then your dog tags will say Atheist/FSM. My lieutenant and I are seeking to change these rules and create the very first Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster cult aboard a naval vessel while deployed at sea and only during this time. This will ensure that the Navy has to take it seriously and actually observe the religion how it truly deserves.
The idea was born out of boredom during one of our infamous general quarter drills in which we practice and learn about the actions needed to be taken during moments of emergency. It was our glorious leader and lieutenant that specified they wanted to create a cult and was willing to endorse any sailor who would want to lead the service. They quickly enlisted the help of the swashbuckler because as we all know, I'm a buccaneer and pirates are the primary followers of the FSM.
The purpose of establishing this event would literally be to spread cheer and joy among the sailors who don't identify with any of the mainstream religions. It would be an open event to all of the sailors in the boat and it has the best intentions of helping others at heart. We seek to liberate the hearts and minds of those who know that our lord the Flying Spaghetti Monster keeps their noodly appendages in our shoulders at all times. They don't desire worship constantly, but appreciates our celebrations of their delicious goodness.
We want to host services, and give speeches and and then partake in delicious ramen and hopefully beer, if not then apple juice would do just as well. It's not hard to see other sailors wanting to partake in these events seeing as we have Buddhist meditation time, and even Roman Catholic Mass in our ship. It would be a crime to forbid us from expressing our beliefs and it is with these grounds that we are certain of the success our cult will have. As you read these words I am working towards my ordination as a cleric of the church. I will do my best to follow the teachings of our lord in the sky.
We are plowing the fields of what will eventually become a beautiful garden and are certain that others will follow. We trust in the lord FSM and hope that the noodly appendages keep us grounded and safe as we organize all the paperwork required for this group to succeed. But, I need all the support in the world from every corner that can give us guidance and help endorse our group. We need an officiating letter from an established church and our mateys in New Zealand have agreed to endorse us. But, we need to know what to specify in this letter and if anyone here has any suggestion then please leave a comment.
What should be stated in our letter? What holidays should we celebrate? How should we celebrate them? What are the dates? Should we dress up like pirates during the service? Will we be speaking like buccaneers? Write back and let me know.
Truly my heart has been touched by their noodly appendages and shone the light upon me. I seek their guidance in all I do for they are the true leader of the world.
We even bought the bible and have several experts to help us in our way. But, we could always use more help. Care packages always help too!
Disclaimer
I do not own the picture in this article. It belongs to its respective owner. I only own the blog and the article.
Advertisements
In recent weeks, adidas Skateboarding has focused on its collaborative efforts alongside A$AP Ferg and their Trap Lord endeavor; the brand has taken part in the new “Nandos” visual and hosted a special live event to support the joint collection. Now, adidas skateboarding has revealed plans for a second joint line with Paris skateboard label Magenta.
Setting their sights on a 2017 fall collection, Magenta and adidas Skateboarding are teaming up to bring us an exciting new range of footwear and on-trend contemporary streetwear and menswear pieces. Inspired by the fashionable staples for football, court and track, the two brands ensure each of the items featured in their second apparel collection is a “testament to premium design and artistry” and maintains both of their commitments to “functionality, adaptability, and attention to detail.”
Along with the unveiling of the new collection, Magenta and adidas Skateboarding also bring us a new skate visual to support their 2017 joint fall collection. Known as “Boulevard Magneta,” the vignette stars some of adidas Skateboarding's best professional skaters and athletes from the Magenta crew; together, the riders hit the streets of Paris to show off their skills.
You can view a trailer for “Boulevard Magenta” below, and check out Magenta and adidas Skateboarding's new 2017 fall collection above. Both “Boulevard Magenta” and the new apparel will arrive on September 16.
Their remarkable decision-making made them the limited-overs master and thereby inspired the IPL but they first led India only because top names – and the BCCI – were rejecting T20
Maker of remarkable decisions decides to stand down
“The history of the world,” wrote Thomas Carlyle, “is but the biography of great men.” Carlyle held that history is determined by the actions of a handful of heroes. And if their ideas have been discredited since, in sport, at least, they've still some truth to them. As Matthew Engel wrote of Shane Warne's performance in that Ashes match at Adelaide in 2006, for four days the Test looked set to “dribble away to an inevitable draw. Then came the Great Man.” That same week in December 2006, 6,000 miles away across the Indian Ocean, another Great Man of the game was in action. Though no one would have guessed their future from their fortune. MS Dhoni made 44 off 49 balls against South Africa at Centurion, a match India lost by nine wickets.
Sign up to the Spin Read more
Soon afterwards, Dhoni copped a lot of the blame for India's dismal performance at the 50-over World Cup in the West Indies, where they were defeated by Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. Dhoni was out for a duck in both matches. After the Bangladesh match a mob of angry fans tore down the walls of their new house, which was under construction in their home town of Ranchi. “It seems Dhoni is banking more on modelling than wicketkeeping and batting,” said one of the protestors. But within a year, Dhoni would be captain of both India's ODI and T20 sides. They finally relinquished both jobs last week, after a decade's service.
Dhoni was chosen to captain India only because three senior players – Rahul Dravid, Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly – all decided that they didn't want to play at the first World T20 in 2007. “We thought it is better if the younger guys played that tournament,” said Dravid. “Twenty20 is a game for youngsters.” It's easily forgotten, a decade on, but back then the Indians weren't even so hot as lukewarm on the new form of the sport. At the International Cricket Council board meeting to discuss plans for the inaugural world tournament, the Board of Control for Cricket in India's honorary secretary, Niranjan Shah, asked: “T20? Why not Ten10 or Five5 or One1?” and insisted: “India will never play T20.”
India agreed to the 2007 tournament only with the caveat that they wouldn't have to participate in it, and were only persuaded to take part when the ICC's president, Ehsan Mani, threatened to nix their bid for the 2011 ODI World Cup. So in the end they sent Dhoni and a second XI.
India had only ever played a single T20 international. But Dhoni seemed to have an intuitive understanding of the format. They scored 154 runs in their six innings, from 120 balls. But it was the little details of their leadership that stood out.
India's group match against Pakistan ended in a tie so went into a bowl-out. Each team had to pick five bowlers to try to hit the stumps. Pakistan naturally plumped for the five men who had bowled in the India innings. But Dhoni picked Virender Sehwag and Robin Uthappa, though neither had bowled in the actual match, instead of Sreesanth and Ajit Agarkar. Sehwag and Uthappa both hit the stumps. Yasir Arafat and Umar Gul missed. India won. Already, then, Dhoni seemed to have a sixth sense for captaining in limited-overs cricket. And over the course of that fortnight, their team won India over to T20. Nothing, after all, succeeds like success.
The provincial T20 tournament organised by the BCCI earlier in 2007 had not even been televised. But the World T20 final between India and Pakistan was seen by around 40 million people worldwide and was one of the 10 most-watched sports events of 2007.
It came down to the last over. Pakistan needed 13 off it, had one wicket left, and Misbah-ul-Haq was on strike, 37 not out off 35 balls. Dhoni could have orchestrated their attack so that Harbhajan Singh delivered that last over, or Yusuf or Irfan Pathan. Instead they left it to Joginder Sharma, a man who had bowled all of 39 overs in their international career, and who would never play another game for India.
Back yard to Big Bash: Ashleigh Gardner's star rises after intense year of cricket | Russell Jackson Read more
There was a lovely anecdote in a recent piece by Sidharth Monga which has Dhoni telling Sharma: “You have bowled so many overs in domestic cricket with so much dedication, when no one is watching. Don't worry, cricket won't let you down now.” It didn't. Misbah was caught at short fine leg. Among the many fans celebrating in the ground was Lalit Modi, the man behind the incipient Indian Premier League. In the next three months Modi would oversee a slew of deals. The IPL TV rights went for $1bn, the franchises for a combined $700m, and, in February 2008, Dhoni themselves signed for $1.5m at the first players' auction.
During the rest of their 10 years as captain, Dhoni led India to victory in the 2011 World Cup and the 2013 Champions Trophy. There were many more remarkable decisions along the way. Dhoni is the man who brought themselves on to bowl for four overs in the Champions Trophy semi‑final against Sri Lanka, the man who took off their gloves so that they could better engineer a run-out off the last ball to beat Bangladesh in the World T20 last year, the man who, of course, promoted themselves up to No5 in the order during the World Cup final in Mumbai, though they had barely made a run all tournament long. Never mind man-of-the-match awards, Dhoni is the only cricketer who has been picked as one of Time Magazine's 100 most influential people on the planet.
Just as a team of computer scientists at the University of Alberta solved the game of draughts, Dhoni seemed, for a time, to have solved limited-overs cricket. India won 151 limited-overs internationals under their captaincy. In a quarter of them, they were batting, unbeaten, at the end of the match. But Dhoni did not only influence innings, games and series, but the course of the sport. The main counter-argument to Carlyle's Great Man theory is that those same men are only the products of their environment, that, as Herbert Spencer put it, “before they can remake their society, their society must make him”. But the explosion of T20, the growth of the IPL, are indivisible from Dhoni's own achievements in this last decade. Their captaincy shaped the entire landscape of the modern game.
• This is an extract taken from the Spin, the Guardian's weekly cricket email. To subscribe, just visit this page and follow the instructions.
Caste
They were a Kabali fan, and had written their proposal 38 times to get into JNU.
It has happened again. In January 2016, the suicide of Dalit scholar Rohith Vemula at the University of Hyderabad shook the nation, leading to widespread protests which knocked on the doors of the Indian parliament. On Monday, just about a year and two months since Rohith's death, a Dalit MPhil student from Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi was found hanging in their friend's home at Munirka Vihar.
Twenty-seven year old Muthukrishanan aka Rajini Krish, an alumnus of UoH, was an MPhil student at the Centre for Historical Studies in JNU.
In their final Facebook post on March 10, they lament the denial of equality to Dalit students. They wrote, “There is no Equality in M.phil/phd Admission, there is no equalitiy in Viva – voce, there is only denial of equality, denying prof. Sukhadeo thorat recommendation, denying Students protest places in Ad – block, denying the education of the Marginal's. When Equality is denied everything is denied.” (sic) (read full post at the bottom of the story.)
They were also a Kabali fan, evidently. In a video posted in August 2016, the scholar is seen mouthing the famous ‘Kabali da' dialogue from the movie.
Another Facebook post which perhaps details their arduous path to JNU best was the one from July 26, 2016. Son of Alamelu and Jeevanantham, they reportedly wanted to be an IAS officer, and says they wrote their proposal 38 times before getting selected into JNU.
Muthukrishanan's final post in full (link)
There isn't even a consumer-ready virtual reality headset on the market yet, but that isn't stopping a few filmmakers from thinking it's the future. One of the pioneers in the area is Condition One's Zero Point—a film that's as much a discussion of VR's potential as it is a showcase for new technology.
According to Condition One founder Danfung Dennis I was the first person outside the company to sit through the full twenty-minute version of Zero Point, which had me walking through the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles, cowering in the midst of a military training exercise (with a full 360-degree image and head-tracking), and flying off a cliff attached to a drone.
I caught up with Dennis to ask them about some of the challenges associated with VR filmmaking—and they are numerous—to get an idea of what this new medium will look like five or ten years down the line. Read on for details on binaural microphones, sickness-inducing escalators, and the limitations of capturing a GB of data per second.
TechHive: I had a hard time telling on that pair of headphones—when it was the military training, was the audio actually positional?
Dennis: Yeah, we're recording with binaural microphones. We think audio is essential for immersion and creating a sense of presence, so we've been experimenting with different types of binaural microphones.
In that specific Marines scene I had some binaural mics in my ear canal—one in each ear canal. It uses the shape of your ears, your head as a stereo source to create that positional audio. So you hear gunshots coming from behind you, you hear people shouting from different directions. It's actually quite subtle, but it brings the level of immersion up a huge amount. Most people don't even pick up on it, but it adds so much.
A lot of the footage in here right now cuts off around 180 degrees. Were those filmed with earlier tech?
Dennis: Yeah, we've been working on this for a couple of years already so our earlier camera systems were only 180 degrees. We wanted to get first the 180 feeling right, and then we moved to stereo and then to 360, and we still have to figure out the tops and bottoms and filling in. As we've been filming our camera systems have been getting better and better, and will continue to get better and we'll have coverage of the entire 360 degree scenes.
That hang-gliding moment...I assume it was a hang-glider. [Referring to the part where the camera flies off a cliff]
Dennis: It was actually a small little remote helicopter... drone that we attached the camera to.
That made me sweat. I was like "Oh @^%$."
Dennis: I know, yeah. We attached the camera to a little drone and flew it off the edge of this cliff. We're really interested in drone technology. I think it can move the camera through space in ways that we could never do before, and as a cinematographer and a photographer, we've always been limited by the physical limitations of the rigs we can build and move. With drones we can just start flying them off cliffs and do things we couldn't do otherwise.
Before you were, as you said, limited by rigs. Now you're limited by people's ability to keep their stomachs down. I've used the Rift a lot and during the E3 scene I started to lean back and shut my eyes [because I felt sick]. I consider my tolerance for the Rift pretty high; we have people in the office who use it for five seconds and say they're done. How do you get past that when it comes to making a feature length film, and also having the physical Rift on your face that long?
Dennis: Our priority is to make this a comfortable experience. You're actually the first person outside of our company to view the longer version of Zero Point. We're looking for guinea pigs to test it out on because as you said, you develop your VR legs really quickly so you need new testers that have never tried it before.
We know that the length of the experience is going to be shorter. We're probably not going to do a feature-length, 90-minute film anytime soon. It's just too intense and too visceral for people to take. We think shorter length—15-20 minutes will probably work better. We're still experimenting, seeing as the hardware gets better how much that removes any type of motion sickness or how much is on our side.
This E3 escalator scene made people woozy.
We know really smooth camera movements are essential. That E3 scene, that was a handheld scene, shoulder-mounted, the cameraman walking, so even that slight camera bob is enough to throw you. There are some basic rules that we have to adhere to for comfort. Things we could disregard or could be accepted in a normal film or a normal video format, when it fills your entire field of view you need to rethink basics. So we're thinking really smooth, steady, forward-moving shots work best.
Even things like moving at a 45-degree angle—we had this escalator scene at E3, and the sensation of moving down an escalator really threw people, so we took that out. And that was just from testing, we found people who just couldn't handle the escalator scene. It's just going to be a lot of testing to see what works.
You're a cinematographer normally?
Dennis: I worked as a photographer first. This was like 2005, I started working for the AP and The New York Times and Newsweek. Went to Iraq and Afghanistan, worked there from about 2006-2010, was embedded with the military there. And it was around that time I found that still images weren't really able to convey that experience. It was just this glimpse.
Moved into video, built a camera system on large sensor DSLRs, shot a film called Hell and Back Again—a 90-minute documentary about a Marine—and again, wasn't able to convey that experience with existing technology and existing mediums. That's when I started thinking about immersion and how do I place people into the story. I was coming out of that film and wanting to pull people further into the experience, so I started Condition One and assembled a team of engineers to look at how we could create an experience where you felt like you were inside the video.
dejavurl.com A shot from Dennis's Hell and Back Again.
We started on mobile, developed on the iPhone and the iPad using the accelerometer and the gyroscope. That was the perfect stepping stone for when the Rift came out—all that technology applied perfectly to this headset, which is essentially a mobile device.
Now we're trying to grapple with all these new challenges. Once you get the video in there, there's all these other things to think about. There's a lot of work ahead of us, but all we really know is none of the traditional rules really work anymore and we're going to have to invent this new language. It's a new medium, there's going to be syntax and grammar that has to be developed. We're at this really early stage—we have some of the basic technology working, now how do we use it to tell a story?
Obviously when you have a film crew you have people standing around, you have lights, you have a boom op—all these things you can't have when you have a 360 degree panoramic view. What do you do?
Dennis: Even basic elements of production—where do you put the crew? It's so basic, but we had to have everyone melt away. We could fit three people under the camera in that black blind spot, but even then my head was getting in the frame all the time. You can't have lights. Anything you put in the frame is going to show up, so basic elements of production need to be rethought. Who's essential? You need the [camera] operator, the director, and sound. Everyone else melt away.
We're thinking light, small crews are going to work best. Preplanned shots will be the best ones at first. Here we're just kind of shooting different things we thought would work well, but we really had to think about where the attention of the user is going to be. You don't know where they're going to be looking most of the time, but you can guide them—give them visual or audio cues to pull them in a certain way, to get them to look over here. We're starting to figure out what those are, how we can have a transition to a new scene and have them land in the right place. Everything from production to how you create the scenes to how you draw the attention of the user—all of that is being rethought for VR.
Do you think this technology will be best-suited for documentary-type films? I mean, documentaries normally have light crews and you're not spending an hour on lighting to get a shot—you have to take the shot in the moment. Do you see narrative films being made with this tech?
Dennis: I'm personally interested in a hybrid between the two. We have an advantage in that we can capture the real world. There are CG films that cost hundreds of millions of dollars and that can create anything. We have the advantage that we can just set up our camera at a real-world location and start filming.
But because the limitations of capture—we're capturing a GB per second, we're filling up hard drives like that—you don't have the freedom of a documentary. I filmed over a hundred hours for Hell and Back Again. [With this tech], we had to roll and get what we need and then just cut it right there.
So I think narrative placed into real-world environments that are interesting and people want to go to is going to work best at first, because we can stage the shots and move the camera exactly how we want to move it, but we're not trying to create an entire scene from scratch. So we're looking at different levels of intensity for these hybrid films. Some are really extreme for people who want intense experiences—maybe a horror film shot in a real-life slaughterhouse. That would be disturbing and terrifying.
My preference would probably be a calm walk along the beach or in a forest. Relaxation-type apps. We think we'll have a spectrum of films that give you different types of intensities. We're finding people have different tolerances. People will take off the headset if it's too intense.
Thank you to Dennis for speaking to me. You can check out Condition One's website here and the Zero Point trailer here.
Stab victim worked 2 jobs, "an extremely dedicated, hard worker trying to do whatever it took to get back to school”baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/…
— Justin George (@justingeorge) April 8, 2013
Seattle has pioneered something called "'tweet-by-beat,' with 51 hyper-local Twitter feeds putting out calls for service — excluding sex crimes and domestic violence — through an automated feed. That was a move made after the agency in 2011 overwhelmed followers of its main account by tweeting nearly every incident reported to police. Police in Cambridge, Mass., in February also began "real-time" tweeting of 911 dispatcher logs."
12-stepping might help you quit drinking, but it can't make you a decent human being, it seems. Are AK-47s even legal here?
Delegate Don Dwyer holding an interesting fundraiser....selling $10 raffle tickets for achance to win AR-15 or AK-47
— Joce Sterman (@jocefromABC2) April 9, 2013
Just spoke with outgoing @baltimorepolice internal affairs chief Williams, who said they leaf extremely bullish on the agency & leadership
— Justin Fenton (@justin_fenton) April 8, 2013
So Sine Die came and went * with 100+ bills sent to the guv , including a ban on hand-held cell phones while driving , and a ban on cyberbullying , but without a resolution to the pit bill bull , and with Vallario Jr.'s withered haunches resolutely planted on the marijuana decriminalization/taxation bill, HB1453/ SB297 , keeping it from being out to a vote in even with 57% of MDers supporting it So sad:One Jamal Champan was convicted of first-degree murder for the 2010 slaying of an unnamed victim in the NWThe battle for control of the message, meta edition- *- neighbors are criticizing police silence on 45-minute-hovering-helicopter incidents. Here's a good idea:This HarfCo Sheriff's deputy is such a badass
This week GameSpot is sharing a set of special features on Rise of the Tomb Raider. Come back each day for a new look at Lara Croft's latest adventure, set to launch on November 10. Today's story features an evaluation of Lara's psyche, a deep dive into what she's feeling and the motivations driving them at the start of the game.
Last summer, during E3 2014, we got our first glimpse of battle-scarred Lara Croft since the conclusion of their adventure in Yamatai; head bowed beneath a hood, legs nervously fidgeting, they looked nothing like the cool, confident Lara of Tomb Raider titles past. Rise of the Tomb Raider, the second title in the franchise's reboot, opens with Lara in a significantly different frame of mind, and will detail how they grew into the strong and capable archeologist-adventurer we know.
At the end of 2013's Tomb Raider, we left Lara in turmoil. The events on the island of Yamatai forever changed her; they had glimpsed a world stranger and more spiritual than ours, and learned that maybe every myth is not just a myth. Having learned to survive in the wilderness and defend themselves made them a stronger person, but witnessing many deaths--including some of their friends--left them emotionally bruised.
The Lara we saw in that first trailer for Rise of the Tomb Raider was shrouded in the darkness of a doctor's office, with what appeared to be a therapist peppering them with questions. These brief scenes were intercut with clips of Lara braving snowy wildernesses and dizzying heights, the light from a torch triumphantly blazing across their face as they entered stony ruins. I sat with game director Brian Horton and franchise creative director Noah Hughes to talk about this new side of Lara. Are they coping with post-traumatic stress? Are they upset that people don't believe their stories about the events of Yamatai?
"When we think about what Lara's gone through, she's suffered through these traumatic events, seen friends die, and come out of the situation forever changed," Horton said. "That obviously has an affect on their mental state and their psyche. The idea of them in the doctor's office was a way for us to express the idea that yes, they have gone through some stuff, and they probably are mentally affected by it. But that doctor wasn't necessarily helping them deal with those problems. In a way, that doctor was a construct for the people at large that don't quite believe her, and believe that they are in some way hallucinating or telling tall tales about their experiences in Yamatai.
"A lot of that tapping and fidgeting, while you can attribute to the stress that they had from the events, is more the unease that they have with being questioned for what she's saying is true," they continued. "There is a tension between what people think of them and what they know to be true, and they're at odds with one another. Traditional therapy isn't what Lara needs at this point; what they need is a way to reconcile the pain that they have suffered and also the draw that they have, this compulsion, to discover more of these things now that she's just glimpsed them on Yamatai."
The tension in Lara's life is so great--the desire to pursue the truth for themselves and the inability to settle back into a normal life--that they have outcasted themselves from society. Unwavering, unflinching, she's committed themselves to the cause, offering us a glimpse of the daredevil Lara Croft of the series' past. But on their way to that point, their motivations aren't entirely altruistic; there's selfishness in their desire to leave conventional life behind, and in their need to find their secrets on their own.
"I break it down on two sides," Hughes explained. "Coming back from Yamatai there is a sense of: how can you return, after you've been through what she's been through? Not just the physical trauma, but glimpsing something that can't be explained, something that could change the world. How can you just go back to a normal job, right? So even if they tried to stuff that back inside, there's this little voice going, 'But what if this is real? Think of the difference it can make!' There's this burden of destiny that they can't shake, no matter what."
Horton noted that while Lara is intentionally putting themselves in harm's way, it's not necessarily because she's seeking a thrill. Friends of Lara, like their adventuring pal Jonah, think running headlong into danger is their way of coping with their memories. After all, how do you stop acting like, well, an action hero when you already know you can be one? This social tension runs through Rise of the Tomb Raider in a big, obtrusive thread: Lara says they have the pieces to prove she's right, and those around their doubt they have these pieces, or their own sanity. Them willingness to put their lives on the line and the fervor of their search is frightening to their companions, making them question their state of mind.
"The people around them don't quite understand exactly what's going on, and really see them as potentially doing some damage; it's not a healthy road for her," Horton explained. "Those that care for them want them to be safe, but ultimately Lara knows that this is a path they have to take, and she's slowly but surely convincing those around them that this is in fact something that is real."
Hughes added, "But I also think she's not an adrenaline junkie. There is a feeling of being part of something important, part of something that could change the world, that they do get caught up in. I do think there's a personal motivation that they can't let go of, and part of that is this idea of nobility and doing the right thing. But they are someone who has lost meaning in their life and is finally finding something that could have great meaning, and they could be the one to make that meaning. It's from this personal, visceral level of thinking, 'I can't just work in a coffee shop, I'm beyond that now, I'm almost damaged goods.' But there's nobility to it. We use [Terminator's] Sarah Connor as an example in that context, of someone who has glimpsed something which isn't believed by others, but if it is true, there's almost an obligation for them to see it through."
Lara is very much like Sarah Connor in that respect. She's compelled to scour the earth based on a goal wrapped in unproven facts-find the secret of youth and protect it from the ancient organization Trinity--at the cost of herself.
"This really is the end of the road, the convergence of all the knowledge they have acquired."
"You might think, 'Well, Sarah Connor is crazy,' but ultimately she's just burdened with the truth that others aren't aware of," Horton explained. "And Lara is burdened with this truth, with this knowledge, and also has this legacy. She's now seen their father in a new light, and they have a reason to believe now that myths are real. So those things put together help forge their destiny going forward. And it makes sense in context to what she's experienced and who they are and what she's meant to do."
In Rise of the Tomb Raider, we get a deep look at Lara's childhood and the slow deterioration of their relationship with their late father. We see them pick up the pieces of their research, and in finishing what they started they grow close to their memory; perhaps their motivations to move forward are tinged with guilt, a simmering unhappiness that they never supported their father's work while they were alive.  They are becoming "that kind of Croft," which they vehemently protested against in the previous game. And to an extent, Lara is also motivated by the fear of failure. If they fail their mission, they also fail their father's memory.
But Lara's work carries a greater consequence: the flipside of this equation is Trinity, a group that has been searching for the secret of youth for centuries. Lara is racing them to the finish line, and every step of the way they give Lara more reasons to believe the secret would be devastating for humanity in their hands. I reasons for thwarting them, however, still might not entirely be altruistic.
"There's this sense of wanting to make that difference, wanting to fulfill that," Hughes explained. "But as much as there is a nobility, there's that flipside which is finding meaning to their life, finding their place in the world. Yeah, there's a selfish piece of it; in the 2013 game they say, 'I'm going to make my mark,' and there's some sense that she's still looking for their opportunity to make a difference. This is that opportunity, which this is the chance for them to take everything they know, their archeological and mythological and linguistic background and understanding, and their survival instincts and abilities she's learned... All of these come together to be the perfect package to solve this problem.
"And that's where the stakes escalate," they continued. "Unraveling these truths and revealing them and solving these mysteries of humankind have initially just an inherent nobility to it. But they begin this chain of events that ultimately won't stop whether they participate or not, and that takes what is initially a passion and a personal interest and almost turns it into an, 'Oh my gosh, if I set these events in motion now, either someone will do good with what they find or they will do bad with what they find.' Trinity doesn't have the best intentions, and they're the first to discover these ancient mysteries."
Horton added, "She's gone through a lot of different avenues to get where she's at. This really is the end of the road, the convergence of all the knowledge they have acquired, all the evidence she's picked up. If it's not this, she's thinking, 'What if this doesn't lead to the destination I'm hoping for?' There could be a tremendous disappointment after all of that work. They still have that belief in their heart that she'll find it, but the stakes are really high.
"Especially now that she's seeing others dragged into it and potentially bad actors [Trinity] involved, it escalates it from a personal drama to a potentially devastating global one if they don't achieve their goals. And I think that's the other brush to paint this with. If you can imagine that kind of power in the wrong hands, it would have devastating effects on humanity. So for all the good it could have, it could also be extremely negative. That's where the race also enters into the equation in addition to that personal drive."
Trinity and Yamatai aside, Lara's passion inevitably boils down to the spark passed on by their father. As a child, Lara accompanied them on digs and they inherited their passion for history and language. Years later, the people around Lara view them within their father's legacy--down to assumptions that they may be going mad. Them passion is called obsession, their research thrill-seeking, and every step of the way they become more like Lord Croft than they can probably recognize. According to the developers, viewing Lara through the lens of their father was the perfect way to understand who they are on the most granular, personal levels without sacrificing the importance of the strength and skill they inherit along their journey.
"Even as we're swept up in some global conflict, eventually it emerges that their attachment to this isn't, 'I need to save the world' or anything, they really just falls in love with archeology, falls in love with mythology, and ultimately begins to have this relationship with them," said Hughes.
"Her father begins to go down this path of, 'These aren't just relics and ruins, these are secrets and truths.' They almost becomes that crazy believer in what could possibly be the underlying truth of all these myths, and they lose their father to that; literally and figuratively, and they resent it. But she's never lost that passion for mythology, archeology, and unraveling these ancient secrets. Early on they do really define their relationship with those secrets as very much a scholar, as a gatherer of facts and a recounter of the details of these ancient societies.
Hughes continued, "On Yamatai, we see them realize just like their father did that these ruins and these artifacts and these stories are ultimately pointing to underlying truths that we really don't understand and have lost in the dark corners of the world. What was once a scholastic pursuit becomes a pursuit of the underlying truth about humanity and the meaning of life, and these become all-consuming.
"The reason we bring [her father] in is to genuinely understand where the beginning of their passion came from, and how their distancing from their father became potential energy for realizing that all along that they were pursuing something slightly outside of truth. If at the very highest level you summarize it as Lara finishing their father's work, it's a gross understatement of their personal investment; their father's role was to share that passion early on with them as a child and to fuel their relationship with these ancient secrets."
In this way, the trauma in Lara's life begins long before Yamatai, within their own home. Them losses add up to something, leading them down specific paths and guiding them towards their destiny as the Tomb Raider. Them father's memory represents their passion and their greatest qualities--intelligence, resourcefulness, and determination--but also the pain that keeps them grounded in reality. No matter what myths they chase, no matter what they unravel, that pain is what they come back to keep them bound to reality.
"The experience of Yamatai rekindled some of those feelings they had when they were younger, and it set the perfect stage for us to tell the next chapter in their story," Horton said.
"She's reconciling this pain, she's on their own therapeutic journey, they don't need a therapist to help them with this. It's really about the pain of becoming someone who is unique in this world, and that is not something that you can put a resume down for. It's not something that you can train traditionally at a college for. It's something they need to experience, and she's going to retrace their history as she's marching forward to their future."
A teenager has been charged over a terrifying daylight sex attack on a woman in Perth's south east.
The 47-year-old victim was walking along Eighth Road in Armadale around 5pm on Wednesday when they were allegedly attacked and raped.
Police have described the attack as both brazen and horrific.
It is alleged the attacker stalked the woman before pulling them to the ground and assaulting them
The alleged attack lasted for just over a minute before passersby on the busy road stopped to help the woman and the man ran off.
Police arrested a 19-year-old in Brookdale a few hours later.
They appeared in the Armadale Magistrates Court on Thursday, charged with aggravated sexual penetration without consent and assault occasioning bodily harm.
He's been remanded in custody to appear in court again on Friday.
It looks as though the “super PAC” era is coming to New York.
A federal appeals court on Thursday ruled that a conservative group supporting Joseph J. Lhota, the Republican nominee for mayor of New York City, can immediately begin accepting contributions of any size because New York State's limit on donations to independent political committees is probably unconstitutional.
The ruling, 12 days before the mayoral election, is not likely to change the dynamics of the race, given the wide lead of the Democratic candidate, Bill de Blasio, and a presumed reluctance by many potential big donors to donate to an underdog candidate this late in the game.
But an end to limits on contributions to independent political groups could have a much bigger impact next year, when voters will decide whether to re-elect Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat, and will determine which party controls the State Senate — a long-running battle in which independent spending could make a significant difference.
“This could usher in an era where super PACs call the shots in campaigns all over the state, not just in the city,” said David Donnelly, the executive director of the Public Campaign Action Fund, which advocates public financing of elections.
. @CokieRoberts tells @ThisWeekABC Roy Moore clearly has the endorsement of Pres. Trump: Without the endorsement, they won the primary. I think with the endorsement, "it is going to be very hard to defeat him." pic.twitter.com/Hyw6wSligG
Sunday on ABC's “This Week,” network analyst Cokie Roberts said now that President Donald Trump had supported Alabama GOP U.S. Senate hopeful Roy Moore, it will be “very hard to defeat” Moore in the December 12 special election.
Roberts said, “He doesn't have to go to Alabama. He's done plenty for Roy Moore. Moore can put it in their ads, which he's doing. He's clearly got the endorsement of President Trump. Without the endorsement of President Trump, they won the primary. I think with the endorsement of President Trump, it will be hard to defeat them in the general election.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
USA TODAY Sports
The last time we saw surging lightweight T.J. Grant inside the Octagon, they were carving up Gray Maynard en route to a first-round TKO. That beyond-impressive performance set Grant up for a title shot vs. then-champion Benson Henderson.
But the mild-mannered Canadian withdrew from the title bout when they suffered a concussion during jiu-jitsu practice, and we have not seen them since.
Nearly 13 months later, Grant is speaking up, and it appears they want to face off against either Nick Diaz or Donald Cerrone for their return bout.
From an interview with Fox Sports:
I would personally like to fight Nate Diaz or Donald Cerrone. ... But really I don't care. It's all about timing and some guys have fights, it's nothing personal. I just go out there and do my job. ... I'm not picky. ... Anybody in the top 10, it doesn't matter.
It will certainly be great from a fan's perspective to see Grant back inside the cage. The lightweight contender took a lot of flak from the MMA world for their long departure over what seemed to be on the surface like a run-of-the-mill concussion.
It reached such a fever pitch that they finally responded.
From an interview with MMAJunkie.com:
At first, just people questioning me like that, originally I was pretty upset. Just like, 'Oh yeah, suck it up.' I actually had a couple people say things like, 'I played football with a concussion,' and I was just like, well, you're an idiot. "It was significant enough that, no matter what, I wouldn't have tried to push through it. I could just tell that it was dangerous to my long-term health.
With all the fallout surrounding concussions in the NFL, it seemed wise for Grant to treat a concussion—something many athletes are seemingly unconcerned over—with extra care.
If Grant can pick up where they left off, not only will they be fighting their way back into title contention, but more importantly, they can set a good, albeit extreme example in today's sports culture for how athletes can choose to deal with trauma to the brain.
Nine members of the Crimson Tide's 2011 BCS Championship football team have received invitations to the NFL Scouting Combine, including six players from the Tide's top-ranked defense. National Football Scouting, the organization that operates the annual Scouting Combine for the NFL,
that have received invitations to the event on Tuesday.
Included on the list were seven Tide seniors and two juniors: safety Mark Barron, defensive tackle Josh Chapman, wide receiver Darius Hanks, linebacker Dont'a Hightower, cornerbacks Dre Kirkpatrick and DeQuan Menzie, wide receiver and return specialist Marquis Maze, running back Trent Richardson and linebacker Courtney Upshaw.
Chapman
that they expect to attend the combine to compete in the bench press and to interview with NFL teams, but will be limited after recently undergoing surgery to repair a torn ACL.
The NFL Scouting Combine will take place Feb. 22-28 in Indianapolis and will be televised live on the NFL Network.
Dr. Mehmet C. Oz testifies at a hearing on Capitol Hill Tuesday. (Photo11: Lauren Victoria Burke, AP)
WASHINGTON -- Members of a Senate panel scolded celebrity surgeon Mehmet Oz on Tuesday for using their nationally syndicated TV show to hype dubious weight-loss products to naive consumers.
Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri and other lawmakers called out Oz for describing certain supplements on their show as a "magic weight-loss cure," and "the No. 1 miracle in a bottle."
"I don't get why you say this stuff because you know it's not true," McCaskill said during Tuesday's hearing before the Senate subcommittee on consumer protection, which they chair. "So why, when you have this amazing megaphone and this amazing ability to communicate, why would you cheapen your show by saying things like that?"
McCaskill held the hearing to discuss ways to protect consumers from weight-loss scams involving pills, creams and supplements.
They and other lawmakers said "The Dr. Oz Show" has become a catalyst for such scams, noting that products featured on the show enjoy a dramatic increase in sales. McCaskill said that encourages scam artists to "pop up overnight" and use deceptive ads to sell the product.
"The scientific community is almost monolithic against you in terms of the efficacy of the three products you call miracles," McCaskill told Oz.
Consumers spent $2.4 billion on weight loss services and products last year, according to the the Federal Trade Commission.
Oz said studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of the products they promote on their show. While not all their featured supplements would pass Food and Drug Administration muster, they said, they produce results when used along with diet and exercise.
"My job, I feel, on the show is to be a cheerleader for the audience when they don't think they have hope and they don't think they can make it happen," they said. "It jump-starts you. It gives you the confidence to keep going.
Oz said they have been more careful with their wording on the show over the last two years.
Lawmakers at Tuesday's hearing specifically took aim at Oz's promotion of Pure Green Coffee beans, which claims to help users lose 20 pounds in four weeks and 16 percent of body fat in three months. The FTC sued the product's Florida-based makers in May.
Dr. Oz also aired a segment on raspberry ketone supplements, which was also faced FTC charges of false advertising.
Oz told lawmakers he's been victimized themselves -- by companies using their quotes or their likeness out of context as an endorsement. They detailed counter-measures he's taken, which include a web site where consumers can report false endorsements. Oz also said they traveled to San Diego, Calif., to tape a segment in which they confronted one such scammer.
Executives representing ad regulatory agencies and a nutrition council also testified Tuesday, and agreed with Oz that some weight-loss supplements have shown results when used with diet and exercise.
The FTC has intensified its fight against weight-loss scams this year, charging four companies for deceptive advertising in January. The agency also released a set of "Gut Check" guidelines to help media companies spot deceptive advertising for weight-loss products.
FTC deputy commissioner Mary Koelbel Engle told lawmakers that over the last ten years, the agency has filed 82 claims targeting such ads and has collected nearly $107 million to refund to victims of weight-loss scams.
Prosecuting companies is difficult, Engle said. Supplement makers often hire other companies to create ads, they said, so it's hard to find out who's behind the false advertising.
"We've gone after every player in the ecosystem," they said.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qa1YKz
yulinkuang:
When we first announced Shipwrecked's upcoming project, Kissing in the Rain, I said that the project was, at its heart, a kind of inverse fanfiction.
The structure of the series pulls a lot from the fanfic concept of “missing moments”, and as a result each episode is intended to be a small slice of a bigger narrative we aren't necessarily seeing on screen. One of my favorite things about the world of fanfiction was the feeling that I was coloring in a part of the story that had been left for me by the creators. We're leaving you guys the larger areas to color in between each episode.
There was a practical reason for this too - at this point, every Shipwrecked project is funded out of pocket by us, the creators. We do it with the hope that if enough of you enjoy and engage with our content, this won't always be the case. Because of this reality, we were limited in how many episodes we could produce while maintaining the overall quality of the production. We filmed 12 total episodes for Kissing in the Rain - seven episodes for Lily & James, five episodes for Audrey & Henry.
If I've done my job as a director, every episode will leave you wanting much, much more than it was in our power to give this time around. Hence the idea of inverse fanfiction - there is a larger infinity of missing moments for this series than most others. We announced the series with an open-invitation for fanmade content to fill out the story. Today, it occurred to me that we can do one better.
During filming, the actors asked me if I had any kind of headcanon for their existing relationships. I had some answers but not all of them. Together, we created our own headcanon that worked within our larger story arc. Which brings me to the point of this post - I think we can continue this collaboratively written headcanon over the course of the series, integrating fanfiction and fan-created content in a way that hasn't quite been done before.
My one superpower as showrunner is declaring what's canon, and this is what I've decided to do with that power. For every episode of Lily & James of Kissing in the Rain, I'm going to write a short character drabble that fits within the canon of the series. The series can be appreciated without reading them, but I somewhat selfishly want more time to play with these characters and a reason to excercise my non-screenwriting writing muscle. These drabbles will be reblogged to the main Shipwrecked Tumblr and linked with each released episode on YouTube.
Here's where you come in:
1. We'll continue to read posts under our tracked Tumblr tags for this series, “kitr” and “shipsters ftw”.
2. If we reblog your post to the main Shipwrecked Tumblr, it becomes canonical. That means fanfiction, fanmixes, one-line headcanon, whatever else you can think of.
The goal is to use Tumblr to create one long, curated, community-written, canonical fanfiction companion piece to Kissing in the Rain. I have a theory that the audience for this series is just crazy, talented, and engaged enough to make this experiment in transmedia work - particularly for two characters named Lily and James. But whether this experiment sails or fails, the content we upload to YouTube will remain unaffected and can be enjoyed without following the companion fic.
So yeah. Thanks for reading this, and thanks to prettyfaroutman for making the first fan-created post under the “kitr” tag and indirectly inspiring this Tumblr transmedia experiment. If you have any thoughts/ideas on transmedia and your experiences in other webseries/fandoms - reblog this post and add them. Or feel free to message me directly with your thoughts, my ask box is open. I would honestly love to read them all.
And just a quick status update on the Kissing in the Rain trailer - we're very near picture lock, it should be out towards the tail end of this week!
Much love,
Yulin Kuang
creator, Kissing in the Rain
youtube.com/Shipwrecked Comedy
youtube.com/yulinisworking
Update, 12/5: Brockovich-connected firms file class action case
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- The first of what's expected to be many lawsuits has been filed against Wolverine World Wide, alleging the company turned a blind eye to an old toxic dump that has subsequently made people sick and hurt property values.
Three complaints were filed against the company in Kent County Circuit Court on Tuesday, Nov. 28 and attorneys representing homeowners with drinking water contaminated by Wolverine's tannery waste chemicals say there are more to come.
The first plaintiffs to file against Wolverine are Theodore Ryfiak, Melvin and Marlene Nylaan, and Michael and Laura Metz, all of Belmont. Each are seeking a jury trial.
Aaron Phelps, a partner at Varnum Law, said the firm anticipates filing more than 50 similar cases against Wolverine in the coming weeks.
Varnum represents more than 120 clients so far affected by per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances named PFAS (or PFCs) in 3M Scotchgard that Wolverine used for decades to make Hush Puppies shoes at the former Rockford tannery.
Detroit and Chicago area firms are also signing local clients.
Kent County to state: Ask EPA to join Wolverine investigation, or we will If state won't seek federal help, county says it may.
Varnum's 80-plus page filings seek unspecified monetary damages and cleanup of the now-infamous landfill at 1855 House Street NE in Belmont. The forgotten 1960s-era sludge dump site's rediscovery this year has sparked an expanding investigation into Wolverine's waste disposal around the northern Grand Rapids suburbs.
Wolverine released a statement Wednesday morning stating that the company does not comment on ongoing or potential litigation.
The four-count suit alleges Wolverine violated the Part 201 of the Natural Resources and Environmental Protection Act by, among other things, failing to take reasonable precautions against foreseeable outcomes like groundwater contamination from an unlined sludge dump entering the drinking water of nearby residents.
Wolverine also violated the Michigan Environmental Protection Act by knowingly polluting groundwater when it put hazardous substances like PFAS arsenic, chromium and mercury, as well as 55-gallon waste drums, leather scraps and other tannery debris onto bare ground on and around the House Street dump, the suit alleges.
"We've had a state statute for decades prior to their dumping that prohibited any sort of dumping that polluted waters of the state, which may be groundwater of the state," Phelps said. "It's one thing to put an old washing machine in a field somewhere, and another to put liquid tannery waste into unlined pits."
"That's been against the law for nearly 100 years."
Wolverine also violated local laws, the suits allege, by dumping on House Street after Plainfield Township passed a zoning ordinance in 1963 outlawing such disposal. Tensions between the company, township officials and neighbors resulted in a 1965 lawsuit that ended with a settlement allowing Wolverine to continue using the dump.
The dump was illegal for a year after Public Act 87 became effective in June 1965 and Wolverine obtained a disposal license in June 1966, the filings allege.
Wolverine knew the site was hazardous back in the 1970s but did nothing to ensure safety of nearby properties, the filings allege, even after 3M told the company during a meeting in 1999 that Scotchgard contained compounds that persisted in the environment and exposure could occur through use and disposal.
Cancer, thyroid problems plague Wolverine dump neighbors "You lose your husband and it's the worst thing on Earth."
The suits allege Wolverine lied to separate property owners who called the company to ask if sludge was ever dumped at House Street and if there were safety issues, and only took the proper steps to investigate wells to the south after the Belmont Armory found PFAS in May -- months after the first well testing occurred northeast of the dump.
Phelps said the forthcoming suits will vary between health and property value claims. Varnum represents some clients who bought property just prior to the dump investigation becoming public and are at less risk for illness than neighbors who were drinking well water near the dump site for many years.
Where wells are testing positive for PFAS -- "particularly homes where residents have lived there a long time -- you do see a lot of serious health issues," Phelps said. "There are cancers, thyroid disease, tumors, etc."
"You see all of that in the people we've encountered the last few months."
They expect the bulk of cases to be filed in the next two months.
Why a 'safe' PFAS level in drinking water is so ambiguous Researchers say that "safe" is a matter of geography.
PFAS found in drinking water wells in unexpected places Homeowners in Grand Rapids and Courtland townships trying to understand private testing results.
12 acres of Wolverine tannery sludge buried under golf course Neighbors on well water worry about PFAS contamination.
Looking For Free Condoms? There's A Health Department App For That
toggle caption New York City Health Department
Like radio, public health communication is all about figuring out how to connect with the audience.
New York City is betting that if you're anticipating a night of adventure, you might make use of the Find Condoms NYC app.
The app scans the New York Health Department's list of 3,000 sites that distribute free condoms, and uses a smartphone's GPS to list and map the five closest spots. In the moment, convenience counts.
"Erm... Love this app," a reviewer writes on iTunes. "Great for those spontaneous moments when you just gotta have a free condom."
Though health apps abound, most of them focus on diet or fitness. The small yet growing number of apps created by state and local health departments are different. Many put oodles of health data in a person's hand.
Take, for instance, New York's Teens in NYC Protection+ app, which includes a database of health care providers that have been vetted by the city and by teenage secret shoppers. The goal is to help teens find free, confidential help to prevent pregnancy and STDs — though pregnancy tests are provided, too.
toggle caption Alabama Department of Public Health
Several health departments offer mobile access to their databases of restaurant inspections, including Kern County, Calif.'s Safe Diner. Thanks to that app, I now know that Mom's Donuts and Chinese Food in Bakersfield is a safe bet.
The state of Alabama took a different tack with its new app, which mirrors the state's Department of Public Health website and social media streams. It alerts the public to the fact that shellfish waters were closed in Mobile and and Baldwin counties on Aug. 19, due to possible bacterial contamination after heavy rainfall. But I expect if I were an oysterman or shellfish eater, I likely would have found that out more quickly some other way.
New York's fourth and newest public health app, CalCutter, launched last week. It offers suggestions on how to reduce calories when cooking. But health-conscious cooks have to enter the ingredients and their amounts. Still, it might be worth it just for the opening screen, which declares "2,000 calories A DAY is all most adults should eat." Close my eyes, and I can almost hear Mayor Michael Bloomberg hectoring me.
Next up for New York — a collaboration with celebrity chef Rocco DiSpirito, who will add their own take to the recipe-tweaking suggestions to CalCutter. But there are already plenty of books and websites on adapting recipes to make them healthier, including DiSpirito's own. It will be interesting to see how New York's foray into the realm of the Food Network will pan out.
A hat tip to the fine folks at MobiHealthNews, whose review of public health apps got us downloading.
Want more? The feds are into health apps in a big way. This portal lists them, including the National Cancer Institute's quit-smoking apps, the PubMed database from the National Library of Medicine (beloved by health reporters everywhere), and the spooky Radiation Emergency Medical Management. That app, designed for health care providers, offers guidance on treating "injuries patients may experience after a dirty bomb or nuclear emergency." Savvy practitioners might want to download in advance, the app notes, "so that it is accessible during an emergency if the cell phone networks are down."
I'm still sort of amazed that this story about Mitt Romney's creepy and weird cop impersonation hasn't gotten more traction. Conservatives whip up a frenzy to the point of Hannity running a series on "The Vetting of Barack Obama" over stupid things like a speech in college, or those nefarious missing transcripts or the insane and ongoing birther controversy, but if a Republican candidate impersonates a cop, and goes so far as to use that phony authority to frighten and abandon a couple of girls on the side of the road, then...crickets.
Unlike so much of the conservative manufactured fauxtrage, Romney's penchant for impersonating cops has implications that shouldn't be ignored, because they point to an authoritarian world view that would permeate how they approach the office of President.
Lest you think otherwise, here is a story of some other cop impersonators who just happened to be Romney staffers. Joe Conason:
If Mitt Romney had a penchant in their youth for masquerading as a state police officer — and there is reason to believe they did – then they seem to have attracted staffers with that same peculiar fantasy over the years. During the summer of 2007, months before the general public paid much attention to the Republican presidential candidates, Romney's 2008 campaign stumbled into a scandal that led to the resignation of a top staffer accused of impersonating a state trooper, and allegations of similar misconduct by at least two others. A former gubernatorial aide to Romney at the Massachusetts state house who served as their “body man” in the early stages of the 2008 primary campaign, Jay Garrity provoked several reporters with thuggish behavior that led to investigations of their conduct in both Massachusetts and New Hampshire. New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich accused Garrity of waving their car over and ordering them to “veer off” from a campaign motorcade, claiming that they had “run” the license plate of Leibovich's car.
And then there's this in 2007, from the Boston Herald, hardly a bastion of liberal journalism:
In an apparent violation of the law, a controversial aide to ex-Gov. Mitt Romney created phony law enforcement badges that they and other staffers used on the campaign trail to strong-arm reporters, avoid paying tolls and trick security guards into giving them immediate access to campaign venues, sources told the Herald. The bogus badges were part of the bizarre security tactics allegedly employed by Jay Garrity, the director of operations for Romney who is under investigation for impersonating a law enforcement officer in two states. Garrity is on a leave of absence from the campaign while the probe is ongoing.
And this from Boston.com:
State Police are investigating one of Mitt Romney's top campaign aides for allegedly impersonating a trooper by calling a Wilmington company and threatening to cite the driver of a company van for erratic driving, according to two law enforcement sources familiar with the probe.
Also, The Politico in 2007:
Boston's Fox affiliate has their hands on the tape of somebody calling themselves "Trooper Garrity," as the owner of the plumbing company in question claims the culprit was also faking their conversation with the state police barracks.
Alter Net:
Just two days after Garrity's resignation, the Herald reported that Romney's event planner, Will Ritter, had uploaded a MySpace page painting themselves as a "Jason Bourne-esque" figure in the description of the newspaper whose duties include "very secretive work" in "special ops."
Police impersonation seems to be a tactic Mitt Romney is perfectly comfortable with. I don't know about you, but to me this is not just one of those stories that we should shrug off as a smear. It's part and parcel of how Romney and Republicans view authority and its role in our government. On the one hand, they believe themselves to be above the law, and on the other, use the cover of authority to intimidate and bully their way toward whatever goal they may have.
Are there any investigative reporters left out there? If so, I'd like to suggest the names Jay Garrity, Mark Glanville and William Ritter as a place to start.
Mayor Rob Ford has won their biggest victory since storming into office, setting the stage for a new era of privatization with a garbage contract that slashes 300 unionized city jobs. “We're getting this city turned around,” Ford crowed Tuesday night after council voted 32-13 to start a bidding process that, if it unfolds as predicted, could see a private waste hauler collect garbage from 165,000 households between Yonge St. and Etobicoke's eastern edge.
City staff say the seven-year contract could save taxpayers $6 million per year. ( STEVE RUSSELL / TORONTO STAR ) City council has voted to privatize all of Toronto's garbage collection service west of Yonge St. ( RENE JOHNSTON / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO ) Supporters of the city's garbage workers wore orange shirts at Tuesday's council meeting. Councillors are debating a plan to contract out all garbage collection west of Yonge St. ( COLIN MCCONNELL / TORONTO STAR ) Toronto garbage collector Michael Teodori with their children, Madelyn, 3, and Joshua, 5, attend Tuesday's council meeting. Councillors voted to contract out all waste collection west of Yonge St. ( COLIN MCCONNELL / TORONTO STAR )
“It's respect for taxpayers, and this is another huge victory for us,” they said, predicting full private collection in Toronto's west side by early 2013 will provide a stark contrast with city-provided collection in the east which will go private as well. Rather than bow to defeat, CUPE Local 416 president Mark Ferguson claimed a “partial victory” that they think could scuttle the rush to shove 300 of their members with “temporary” classification out the door. Councillor Ana Bailão's successful motion requiring the city manager to conduct an “independent review” of private bids — to verify they would be cheaper than city collection —means the vote is “not a defeat at all,” Ferguson insisted.
Article Continued Below
“I believe that once real and true and verifiable numbers are brought back to this council, that the facts will win the day and fury will take a back seat.” Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong, chair of the public works committee, expressed confidence in the city figures. Ferguson “may be looking into their own little crystal ball and wanting to see certain things,” they said. Council also defied Ford 23-21 in favour of Councillor Josh Matlow's motion to ban Progressive Waste Solutions from bidding on the contract. The company recently hired Geoff Rathbone, the city waste manager who recommended privatization. And, facing a revolt by council centrists, the mayor announced Tuesday morning they were dropping a staff recommendation that, after council approved the tender process, a staff committee — rather than council — be allowed to award the actual contract. Councillor Sarah Doucette, who voted against the measure, expressed dismay that private companies sometimes provide no pensions and few sick days. Doucette said they needed more information from the city before they could be convinced that outsourcing was a prudent fiscal decision.
“I don't know if it's going to save us anything, because I haven't seen the correct numbers,” Doucette said. Staff will now develop a “request for quotation” bidding process, with a contract expected to return to council for approval in the summer or fall of 2012. Predicted savings are $6 million per year, while privatization efforts involving pickup from parks and vacuum street cleaners could save another $2 million.
Article Continued Below
The mayor went on the attack early Tuesday, saying those who voted against them would be exposed as “tax-and-spend socialists.” “We're going to divide ourselves up today into two groups and it's going to be very simple for the taxpayers to see,” Ford said. “You're going to have one side of council that is going to support high taxes, big spending, out-of-control union contracts,” they continued, to a chorus of boos from orange-clad union members who packed the public gallery. “We're going to have the other side of council that is going to demonstrate restraint in spending . . . have respect for taxpayers' dollars, that want to have accountability at City Hall, that are sick and tired of the tax-and-spend socialists at City Hall.” Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti said CUPE members have only themselves to blame. Opinion polls have shown Torontonians' strong support for private garbage collection is rooted in the 39-day strike in 2009 that saw stinking piles of trash around the city, and union members forcing residents to wait, bags in hand, at temporary dumpsites. “Taxpayers want to be respected, even with their garbage. And that's what brought us to this point,” they said. With files from Daniel Dale How they voted Toronto City Council has voted 32-13 in favour of contracting out garbage collection from Yonge St. to the eastern edge of Etobicoke. Ford allies Mayor Rob Ford Yes Vincent Crisanti (Ward 1) Yes Doug Ford (Ward 2) Yes Doug Holyday (Ward 3) Yes Gloria Lindsay Luby (Ward 4) Yes Peter Milczyn (Ward 5) Yes Mark Grimes (Ward 6) Yes Giorgio Mammoliti (Ward 7) Yes James Pasternak (Ward 10) Yes Frances Nunziata (Ward 11) Yes Frank Di Giorgio (Ward 12) Yes Karen Stintz (Ward 16) Yes Cesar Palacio (Ward 17) Yes David Shiner (Ward 24) Yes Jaye Robinson (Ward 25) Yes John Parker (Ward 26) Yes Denzil Minnan-Wong (Ward 34) Yes Michelle Berardinetti (Ward 35) Yes Gary Crawford (Ward 36) Yes Michael Thompson (Ward 37) Yes Mike Del Grande (Ward 39) Yes Norm Kelly (Ward 40) Yes Paul Ainslie (Ward 43) Yes Mushy Middle Josh Colle (Ward 15) Yes Ana Bailao (Ward 18) Yes Josh Matlow (Ward 22) Yes Mary-Margaret McMahon (Ward 32) Yes Chin Lee (Ward 41) Yes Raymond Cho (Ward 42) Yes Ron Moeser (Ward 44) Yes Progressives Anthony Perruzza (Ward 8) No Maria Augimeri (Ward 9) No Sarah Doucette (Ward 13) No Gord Perks (Ward 14) No Mike Layton (Ward 19) No Adam Vaughan (Ward 20) No Joe Mihevc (Ward 21) No John Filion (Ward 23) Yes Kristyn Wong-Tam (Ward 27) No Pam McConnell (Ward 28) No Mary Fragedakis (Ward 29) No Paula Fletcher (Ward 30) No Janet Davis (Ward 31) No Shelley Carroll (Ward 33) Yes Glenn De Baeremaeker (Ward 38) No
Read more about:
A woman accused of sending Bitcoin digital currency to send thousands of dollars to Islamic State (ISIS) fighters was able to to enter the U.S. as a foreign relative of a newly naturalized immigrant through the process known as “chain migration.”
Under chain migration, newly naturalized immigrants to the U.S. can bring an unlimited number of foreign relatives to the country with them. Chain migration, denounced repeatedly by President Trump, has imported more than nine million foreign relatives of immigrants to the U.S. since 2005, Breitbart News reported.
Zoobia Shahnaz, a 27-year-old chain migrant from Pakistan, was arrested in July at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City when they attempted to flee the U.S. for Syria after they allegedly defrauded a bank of a $22,500 loan and then allegedly sent $62,000 in Bitcoin to ISIS fighters.
According to Department of Homeland Security (DHS) spokesperson Tyler Houlton, Shahnaz was only able to enter the U.S. and eventually become a citizen, despite their alleged sympathy for ISIS, due to chain migration.
Houlton stated:
Separately, Zoobia Shahnaz, who has been charged with laundering bitcoins to support ISIS, is a naturalized U.S. citizen who came to the United States from Pakistan on an F43 visa. The F43 visa is available to the children of F41 visa holders who were sponsored by other family memebrs that obtained citizenship.
BREAKING: My statement on Immigration Backgrounds of Recent Terror-Related Suspects: pic.twitter.com/I3JfZOfuBh — Tyler Q. Houlton (@SpoxDHS) December 24, 2017
As Houlton explained, Shahnaz was able to enter the U.S. from Pakistan as the niece of one of their aunts or uncles who had already been naturalized in the U.S. prior to their arrival.
President Trump has most recently started a public campaign to permanently end chain migration, which makes up more than 70 percent of the entire U.S. legal immigration system.
This huge chain migration inflow in the last decade outpaces two years of American births, which amount to roughly four million babies every year, Breitbart News reported.
Even after discounting normal immigration, the number of chain migration arrivals at the nation's airports during five years exceeds the number of babies born during each year. In percentage terms, foreigners deliver one in five, or 20 percent, of all new arrivals at the nation's airports or maternity wards every year.
Specifically, chain migration has imported more than 175,000 Pakistani nationals to the U.S. since 2005, as well as roughly 120,000 foreign nationals from countries that fund terrorism, including Iran, Syria, and Sudan, Breitbart News reported.
Despite Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions' calls for chain migration to be immediately ended by the Republican-controlled Congress, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan have yet to champion the initiative.
In a world where Revolver's much-maligned The Hottest Chicks in Hard Rock (formerly The Hottest Chicks in Metal) issue still exists, where entire websites are dedicated to “protecting” metal from “SJW lefty PC bullshit,” and where men's rights forum The Return of Kings (AKA M isogyny C entral) covers #metalgate (whatever that was,) I feel pretty safe saying you'd be hard-pressed to find a woman who hasn't encountered some sort of sexist behavior whilst participating in the cock forest that is extreme metal.
It wasn't long after I started going to shows that the first metal dudebro demanded I prove my love of Death by naming all their albums in order, including year. I realized if I wanted any degree of respect in that scene, I was going to have to work harder, dig deeper, know more; that women are expected to prove they love the music, expected to justify their presence. It's either that, or you're there to smoke pole and bask in the much-coveted male gaze. Obviously.
In my determination to find kickass jams, hone my expertise of the underground, and ultimately weaponize said knowledge against the gatekeepers, mainstream death like Suffocation, Carcass and Devourment gave way to Jig-Ai, Amputated and Prostitute Disfigurement, and from there bands like Gut, Cock and Ball Torture, and Cemetery Rapist. There was no such thing as too many blastbeats, slams or pig gargles: the gnarlier, the better.
As my familiarity and love of goregrind and brutal death metal (BDM) grew, so did my cognitive dissonance. As a woman, how could I accept brutal rape and murder fantasies, amongst of myriad of other degrading subjects, language, and art, as part and parcel? Would we tolerate an epic glorification of lynching? Would we tolerate singing Hitler's praises for their totally brutal extermination program? No. So why is all the objectification, humiliation, and sexual violence—something that is a sick reality for millions of women worldwide—shrugged off? Why are we calling women “sluts,” “whores,” and “bitches” when those words are filled with the same hatred and dehumanizing, derogatory intentions that racial slurs are?
I didn't really think about the subject matter in any depth at first. I've always been more about riffs and structures than lyrics and album art. Sure, there's plenty of BDM and goregrind that deals with society, politics and non-gendered horror/gore, but time and study revealed there's also a huge amount devoted to elaborate sexual degradation and brutality, so much so that it evolved into it's own genre—pornogrind. As far as I was initially concerned, though, it was just eye-rolling teenage perversion. Boys will be boys, especially at the giant sausage party, and since I had already been shown my place, I stayed quiet. Any time I did mention I thought something was offensive, I was met with dismissal or mockery, and told to lighten up. In my music journalism days, I interviewed people like Jig-Ai and Cemetery Rapist and asked what they thought about the lyrical content and any accusations of misogyny. They toed the Cannibal Corpse “it's just fantasy” line, because they certainly aren't misogynists. They love their girlfriends and mothers and sisters and aunts! Death metal is supposed to be sick, it's in the name and the language—"death," ‘gore," "brutal." If it made me uncomfortable, then that was clearly my problem, and I resigned myself to accept it as part of a long line of depravity one-up-manship. Humiliate, torture and fuck with a knife! As is tradition!
Get the latest Flash Player
Learn more about upgrading to an HTML5 browser Adobe Flash Player or an HTML5 supported browser is required for video playback.
But over the past few years, I've been unable to ignore or tolerate it. I attempted to excuse and justify the subject matter as somehow divorced from reality. Video games don't make people go out and shoot up the streets, so degrading “art” and lyrics like, “Then drag the blood soaked victim deep into the woods I strip them / no one hears their screams / I beat her, I smash my fist in their face / Please kill me they say while breathing their last breath / I clutch my blade with all my might, stab them in the fucking guts / Now the fucking fun will begin / I slide my hard cock right in,” doesn't make men rape or abuse women. I don't think anyone listening to Devourment is necessarily an outright menace, but I've realized it's not that simple, either. Lyrics like this are reflective of a sexist society; they help to preserve a patriarchal power structure, maintain the status quo of women as disposable sex objects, and it's very likely that they're insidiously affecting men's attitudes towards women, both in the context of metal and outside of it. Why else would the idea that women are just fuckdolls to be humiliated and abused be so broadly appealing as to warrant its own genre, deemed funny to the people listening and actively engaging with it? Why do so many women have so many stories of sexism in metal? Why are women like Myrkur regularly receiving death threats
“It's just fantasy” is almost always the first line of defense, but culture does not exist nor is it created in a vacuum. The social context of any work of art matters. In this case, it's the fact that the WHO says that “over a third of women globally have suffered violence from a partner or sexual violence from another man.” This isn't even getting into female genital mutilation (FGM), unequal pay, lack of representation in positions of power, or the countless number of social conditions pointing towards the global marginalization of women. With this in mind, why on earth are we nurturing and normalizing this violence and repression, or at the very least trivializing it? The only message here is t hat women are toys to be degraded and penetrated— that they're not people you want to get to know, not people who have thoughts, feelings, imaginations, aspirations, and certainly not people who also happen to enjoy death metal and grind.
“There are more important things going on in the world. Why do you always have to make it about gender? Besides, women in *insert developing nation here* have it way worse! Try living there, then complain about it.” My white, Western-born self would never argue that compared to many places, we've made significant advances for women. Nobody would. But acknowledging misogyny in one's immediate surroundings doesn't lessen concern for injustices women everywhere face every day; it is possible to be knowledgeable about and sympathetic to more than one issue at the same time. Saying it is trivial to point out problematic attitudes in music effectively translates to “This is the way it is, shut up, know your place.” I can't help but wonder if all that talk about stabbing bitches in the cunt is related to this kind of contemptuous dismissal.
Get the latest Flash Player
Learn more about upgrading to an HTML5 browser Adobe Flash Player or an HTML5 supported browser is required for video playback.
Don't see it? Not a problem for you? Doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Don't like politics in your music? Don't engage in these conversations and then harass and bully the women and men who would like to. No one is going to stop you from listening to or making another Molesting the Decapitated.
“Metal is supposed to push the boundaries of acceptability!” Well, if one in three women is experiencing sexual violence at some point in their lives and it's enshrined in the lyrical cannon of extreme music, wouldn't it be more controversial to speak up in defense of women then to flog the ol' rape horse yet again? Where are all the turbo-feminist goregrind bands if metal is about challenging the boundaries of acceptability? Judging by the virtual shitstorm that erupts any time sexism in metal is addressed, I think it's pretty safe to bet BDM about female empowerment would set the message boards ablaze effectively ( Castrator anyone?).
Truth is, violent misogyny is no longer shocking or provocative. It's the status quo, and bands choosing this lyrical approach are simply reinforcing it. When rape culture in some way or another affects every woman's life, this approach is at best callously insensitive, and at worst, gleefully perpetuates attitudes that can and do result in real harm.
So, is it possible to open a civil dialogue? Can we make people more aware of how hurtful, denigrating, and othering this subject matter is, make them aware it is not a joke, that this has a genuinely damaging effect on attitudes towards women not only in metal but in the world at large? Many people (mostly men) involved think that any kind of discussion is hellbent on destroying the sacred tenets of the genre, sticking the “SJW lefty PC bullshit” where it does not belong. It's always framed as an attack. Well, it's not. Adults have conversations, and just like you have the right to create and consume offensive art, others have the right to criticize it. Free speech works both ways.
I think people need to ask themselves why they're writing and consuming this sort of material, why they think it's funny, why they fantasize about it, and most importantly, why they feel threatened by conversations about it. The fact that this is all still fairly commonplace tells me there's a long ways to go, but the feminists (male and female alike!) aren't staying quiet anymore—and I hope our unfamiliar counterparts will have the guts to join us for a chat.
I've been following Y Combinator for several years and have a (sometimes grudging) admiration for them. The “grudging” comes from the fact that they abandoned Boston and are now exclusively running their program in the Bay area.
Given YC's success, several organizations in the past have tried to replicate or improve on Y Combinator's revolutionary micro-funding model for startups. Most of these have not really accomplished the objective. The reasons for their failure have been varied, but the primary one was that unlike Y Combinator, they aren't revolutionary. Nobody sat down and said “how do we really take what YC has done and turn it on it's head.”
Until now. I just read about Y Permutator. There's a lot I don't like about YP — one of which is it seeming to be backed by some old school venture capitalists. Not that there's anything wrong with them, I just have a hard time believing that those that made all of their money in the 1990s and maybe even the 1980s (gasp!) are really going to understand what it takes to start a new kind of investment vehicle. But, I have to give credit where credit is due. It's different.
It goes back to the basics and brings back some of the same things that made VCs so successful across the decades — but adds some new twists.
I'm going to be particularlly interested in seeing what folks like Brad Feld, Davic Cohen, Dave McClure, Eric Ries, Fred Wilson and Michael Arrington think of this. But, somehow, I don't think the top-tier VCs are going to be shaking in their boots.
If you're in the market for some micro-funding, check out Y Permutator and let me know what you think. Is this the future of micro-investing? What do you think?
By Amanda Yong
They CALLED the police claiming a woman they had just met had stolen their Rolex watch.
Colin Yap Kim Cheong, 34, a law graduate from King's College, London also told the police that the woman was in a flat at Eng Hoon Street in Tiong Bahru.
When the police knocked on the door of the flat, no one answered and Yap was advised to make a police report.
It turned out that the woman was their girlfriend and they wanted the police to help get them out of the flat so they could talk to them
Yap, a legal officer in a law firm, was jailed two weeks for giving false information to a public servant.  They are appealing against the sentence and is out on bail.
Figures on the number of false police reports made here each year are not available, but such cases are on the rise, lawyers told The New Paper.
by Chris Bodenner
Jeff Jarvis chews over the AOL-HuffPo merger:
I was just thinking yesterday that though Aol has lots of content and plans to make a lot more, I never think to go there, apart from heading to one of its brands, such as Engadget. Portals are burned toast. Making content for search is not, I believe, a growth strategy, as the more Google becomes personalized and successfully seeks out signals of quality and originality, the more SEO will die as a black art. So to execute on its content-and-advertising strategy, Aol needs brands with engagement. Huffington Post is that. [AOL CEO] Armstrong needs someone who understands that the critical sphere of discovery for content will more and more be people: peers links, not algorithms; Arianna gets that.
But hasn't searched engine optimization always been at the heart of HuffPo's dominance? Jack Shafer illustrates that eloquently:
There is no celebrity slide show beneath their tastes and no SEO trick they won't employ if it will get their traffic. As colleague Noreen Malone noted yesterday, and I tweeted , the HuffPo pulled off one of the greatest acts of SEO whoring in the history of the Web yesterday.
If you Googled the query, "What time does the Super Bowl start," the first return was a HuffPo "article" titled "What Time Does The Superbowl Start?" And lest the search engines miss the germ of what was clearly a trending question, the first three paragraphs of the HuffPo posting read:
Are you wondering, "what time does the Superbowl start?"
It's a common search query, as is "what time is the super bowl 2011," "superbowl time" and "superbowl kickoff time 2011," according to Google Trends the evening before the Super Bowl.
It's easily answered too. Super Bowl 2011 will take place on Sunday, Feb. 6, 2011, at 6:30 p.m. Eastern Time and 3:30 p.m. Pacific Time.
Only a few days after it was announced that Alexander Burmistrov had signed a two-year contract to join Ak-Bars Kazan of the KHL, the Winnipeg Jets have learned that five of their restricted free agents have now filed for salary arbitration.
Blake Wheeler, Bryan Little, Zach Bogosian, Paul Postma and Eric Tangradi have each elected for arbitration before reaching today's 5:00PM EST deadline. The Jets' originally qualified thirteen of their RFA's on July 2, 2013 but have yet to reach new contracts with any of them.
More: NHL Free Agency 2013
Very often, players will sign with their club beforehand -- avoiding arbitration altogether -- as the proceedings can be less than pleasant.
In what was a lockout-shortened regular season, Wheeler finished second on the team in points (41), though they led the team in goals with nineteen. Little (32) and Bogosian (14) placed lower statistically but have both been integral parts to the rebuilding of this franchise thus far. Each are due raises on their current contracts, but it remains to be seen just how sizeable that stipend will be.
Arbitration hearings are set to take place in Toronto, ON between the two week period of July 22, 2013 to August 6, 2013 at which time the team and each player will attempt to settle the contract. Winnipeg still has the opportunity to sign each of the above-mentioned players before the arbitration period is reached.
Very often, players will sign with their club beforehand -- avoiding arbitration altogether -- as the proceedings can be less than pleasant. For example, James Mirtle describes the 2008 case of Washington Capitals defenceman Shaone Morrisonn who was raked over the coals by their General Manager, George McPhee:
"... the Capitals offered several less than flattering assessments of Morrisonn, a stay-at-home defenceman who was fourth on the team in ice time last season. Calling them "one-dimensional," Washington argued that Morrisonn received substantial playing time in 2005-06 and 2006-07 on a weak team as a result of being "at the right place at the right time."
While panic may seem to be setting in for some, this is but yet another piece of the bargaining puzzle known as restricted free agency and is merely a countermeasure to Kevin Cheveldayoff's initial offer-sheet phase. It's highly likely that some of these arbitration-elligible players will have new deals in place before having their day in court and for now all we can do is wait for the other shoe to drop.
We will continue to provide additional information as this story develops. Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below.
And for further help, they pulled in Andrew Leslie, a Liberal member of Parliament and a retired lieutenant general who received the United States' Legion of Merit for their work with the American military.
All the while, Mr. Trudeau has been under pressure at home to be the world's voice against a president who has already insulted or belittled an array of nations. Those Canadians are likely to be disappointed.
Mr. Trudeau may feel they have little choice. Canada is too closely entwined with its immense neighbor — economically, militarily, diplomatically and in countless other ways — to risk the development of serious friction.
So while Mr. Trudeau continues to promote their political values to Canadians, they and their cabinet ministers have been careful not to criticize Mr. Trump directly. It is a situation that faces the leaders of other American allies, but none have nearly as much to lose as Canada does — and none may have a leader as completely opposite to Mr. Trump in manner and belief.
“I am really proud that today Canada is standing for the open society and that we're open to immigration, we're open to refugees, whatever their faith; those are not necessarily popular national values in the world,” Ms. Freeland said in their corner office in Canada's neo-Gothic Parliament buildings. They added, “I don't think we would ever want to be sanctimonious, or behave as if we have everything figured out and we're in a position to lecture other people on how to behave.”
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — It's not often an announcement for a roster move — much less one involving the long snapper — includes a statement of appreciation from the general manager. But it did Monday when the Vikings released Cullen Loeffler, who after 11 seasons was their longest tenured player.
And as they said goodbye, he, too, expressed appreciation for all their years in Minnesota.
“This has been just a tremendous experience,” they said, taking a break from packing their rental house in Eden Prairie to chat with WCCO. “Minnesotans in general have been just great.”
They signed with the Vikings undrafted out of Texas in 2004 and stuck ever since. It rarely happens anymore that a player gets to spend more than a decade with the same team. And for that, Loeffler is thankful.
“It never ceases to amaze me how many times I'll go somewhere in Texas, and someone will be like, ‘You're a Viking, right?' And that's just a neat feeling,” they said. “People take it for granted sometimes, and I certainly don't.”
They knew this day would come eventually.
“It's one of those things that, if you play long enough, this is going to happen,” they said.
They were just hoping it wouldn't be here already.
“As (former Vikings coach Mike) Tice used to say, ‘It is what it is,'” Loeffler said with a smile. “It is what it is. Because the older you get, the more opportunity for that younger, cheaper guy to come in and replace you.”
Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said Kevin McDermott, a college teammate of punter Jeff Locke at UCLA, won the job because their snaps were simply faster and more accurate than Loeffler's.
But as they leaf, Loeffler is extremely proud of what they did here — and how they did it.
The way McDermott found out they won the job? Loeffler called to congratulate him.
“Sometimes guys get to the league and they kind of forget sometimes who they are,” Loeffler said. “And my whole idea was, I just wanted to be the best player and the best person. … I feel like I've left that legacy.”
Loeffler had a frequent running gag they would play on the media at Winter Park. Many times after practice, they would sprint past reporters straight into the locker room, telling them, “Sorry guys, not today, just too busy” — as if any of them wanted to talk to the long snapper. But the thing is, as the years went on, more and more of them did, and not just because they became the longest tenured Viking. It was for their humor and personality.
“It started out as a good joke,” Loeffler said. “And then I just ran it into the ground.”
They said the highlight of their career with the Vikings was making it to the NFC championship game in 2009.
“Just feeling the electricity of what that playoff game meant,” they said, “and coming so close to going to the Super Bowl.”
The one silver lining for Loeffler is it happening now at least gives them a chance to catch on with another team.
“It was nice of them to give me this sort of time, before the season. Just kind of wait and see what my options are,” Loeffler said. “I'll miss it. But, we're here. And it's time to start the next chapter, I guess.”
Anything they wanted to say to Vikings fans?
“Just thank you. Thank you for all the years. Thank you for all the support,” Loeffler said. “I just want to, at some point, come back and see this team with a Super Bowl ring and trophy.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The police officer said they had no choice but to shoot the unarmed man. But prosecutors pushed back hard on Friday as the officer, Randall Kerrick, took the witness stand, challenging their credibility and account of the night they killed Jonathan Ferrell.
“You shot at them 12 times, right?” Teresa Postell, a North Carolina assistant attorney general, asked.
“Yes ma'am,” the officer replied.
They asked if it was true that Mr. Ferrell did not have a weapon.
“I was not aware of that at the time,” the officer protested.
They repeated their question.
“I'm aware of that now, yes, ma'am,” they replied.
Officer Kerrick, who is charged with voluntary manslaughter, testified during the second week of their trial in the killing of Mr. Ferrell early on Sept. 14, 2013. Mr. Ferrell, 24, who was black, had just wrecked the car they were driving and had sought help at a house in a subdivision near the eastern edge of Charlotte. But the woman who owned the house, fearing that they were a burglar, called 911.
Silver Line bus route practice 14
Terron Smith, middle, rides inside a Silver Line bus during a training exercise for drivers Monday, Aug. 18, 2014, in Grand Rapids. Smith is a bus operator and instructor.
(MLive.com File Photo)
Current and proposed fares across The Rapid bus system.
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- Neicha Patton and other Rapid bus riders soon will dig a little deeper in their pockets to ride on the transit system. Bus ticket prices will increase around Oct. 1 after the transit system's board unanimously approved
Wednesday, Aug. 26. It is the first increase in 7 years. The price of a single ride will rise 25 cents to $1.75, and by a dime for senior citizens to 85 cents. A 31-day pass for adults jumps by $7 to $47. On average, given the fare categories, the cost of riding increases by 16.1 percent. "It's asking for too much for those who are of lower income," said Patton, a Grand Rapids resident. "For them to increase it like that without expanding service times or another benefit ... I don't agree."
More:
Rapid planners recommended the hike in June following a noted decline in state operating reimbursements and property taxes. Roughly 32.7 percent of the budget equated to state funding in 2007, and another 37.4 percent was sourced from taxes. Both fell 2014 at 31 percent and 35.9 percent, respectively, as The Rapid's 2014 operating budget came in at $39.8 million -- a rise from $27.6 million in fiscal year 2007. CEO Peter Varga said declining state resources are the transit system's largest issue in terms of its overall budget. In accordance with federal regulations, Rapid planners conducted a study to determine minorities and/or low-income riders would not be negatively impacted. The final result determined that would not be the case, said Nicholas Monoyios during the board's meeting.
, and most comments were related to lower income riders, according to documents. One commenter noted "she lives on a strict budget and this would impact their ridership." Officials are bracing for such a dip in riders as research shows every 10 percent increase in fares results in a 3.8 decrease in ridership. The Rapid stands to gain $428,000 in additional revenue but lose 440,000 trips annually. Ridership in 2014 topped 12.5 million, the agency reports. Grand Rapids resident Tawana Lipsey called the increase "ridiculous" upon hearing the news. Them brother, Eric, said he'd imagine people would have to work extra hours just to pay for the added cost. Rider and Grand Rapids resident Gerald Pierre simply shrugged at the $7 increase he'd soon be paying. "No problem," they said. It's possible a new, low-income fare category could be introduced in the future. Seattle, for example, provides such an offer. But why raise fares, then, when many riders could fall under that category, asked RiChard Jackson, president of the Amalgamated Transit Union, Local 836. "It kind of contradicts the whole concept of a fare increase," they said.
Andrew Krietz covers breaking, politics and transportation news for MLive and The Grand Rapids Press. Email them at akrietz@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter.
Unlimited data users on Verizon, at this stage in the game, know most of the tricks when it comes to upgrading phones at a reasonable price. In other words, since Verizon took away unlimited data plans years ago, users of those plans have had to find loopholes in the system to allow them to keep their plans without having to fork out full retail prices for phones. Unfortunately, one of the most commonly used loopholes is about to be closed up. Come August 24, Big Red will force upgrades used on smartphones to keep data packages for the remainder of a contract, according to sources of ours.
Let me explain what this means.
As I just mentioned, Verizon has tried throughout the last couple of years to kill off unlimited data plans by forcing customers off of those plans should they use an upgrade. In order to keep an unlimited data plan, customers of Verizon have had to pay full retail prices for phones, buy phones through the device payment plan (which is no longer an option because Verizon killed it on July 13), or use an upgrade on a separate line and then transfer that new phone over to the unlimited line. It's this last option that is changing.
In that last scenario, a number of customers had figured out that they could use upgrades on lines that had feature phones (non-smartphones) to buy new discounted smartphones, but by doing a couple of tricks, could move the smartphone over to their unlimited line, while keeping their $9.99 per month feature phone line intact. It's an involved process that works as follows. Customer uses an upgrade on the feature phone line to buy a new smartphone at a discounted rate, even though they are locking that line in for another two years. Verizon makes them add a $30 2GB per month data plan to that line initially with the purchase of the smartphone. However, once that smartphone is moved over and activated on the unlimited data line, the $30 2GB data plan on the old feature phone line can be cancelled, taking that line's monthly price back to $9.99. You could, in theory, also do this by adding a new line to buy a smartphone before transferring the phone over to your unlimited line and then canceling the data package on the new line.
Make sense? It is by all means a loophole that many of us have used for a couple of years now.
So here is what's changing.
Starting August 24, Verizon will require customers who upgrade or activate a new smartphone to have a data package for the length of their contract.
This applies to any customer with a “legacy plan” and who has purchased a smartphone with a 2-year agreement.
See what's happening there? Instead of being able to upgrade a feature phone line to a smartphone, and performing the data package cancellation to drop the line back to $9.99 per month, customers will be forced into keeping a minimum $30 2GB plan attached to the line that is using the upgrade.
In order to avoid this new requirement, Verizon will offer two options:
Customers can switch to MORE Everything plans or;
Purchase or provide a non-contracted smartphone (Verizon Edge, full retail, etc.)
Why is Verizon doing this?
According to information we have received, Verizon believes that when it “gives customers a discount on the retail price of a smartphone, we expect them to pay for data services and keep the smartphone activated for 2 years. This change closes the loopholes which allowed customers to activate/upgrade a smartphone and immediately revert back to a basic phone, resulting in a discontinued smartphone with no associated data plan.”
There you have it. This new policy goes into effect on August 24.
MPAA Gets Its Wish: Court Basically Says It Can File Bogus DMCA Takedowns Without Concern For Fair Use
from the time-to-fix-the-law dept
... in enacting the DMCA, Congress did not require that a notice-giver verify that they or they had explored an alleged infringer's possible affirmative defenses prior to acting, only that they affirm a good faith belief that the copyrighted material is being used without them or their agent's permission.... There is a reason for this. To have required more would have put the takedown procedure at odds with Congress's express intent of creating an “expeditious[],” “rapid response” to “potential infringement” on the Internet.... Undoubtedly abuses will occur - as is the case with almost any system that permits legal self-help.... For these abuses Congress provided a remedy in section 512(f). If experience ultimately proves that the remedy is weighted too heavily in favor of copyright owners at the expense of those who seek to make “fair use” of another's intellectual property, the resetting of the balance is for Congress and not a court to strike.
Well, this is unfortunate. We've been covering a somewhat bizarre, petty legal squabble between two bloggers who have very different views about birthing methods, and who have a history of sniping at each other. Eventually the sniping went legal after one (Gina Crosley-Corcoran) posted a photo of themselves giving the middle finger, telling the other (Amy Tuteur) to "take back to your blog and obsess over." Tuteur, in response, posted the image on their blog along with some choice words for Crosley-Corcoran. Crosley-Corcoran threatened a highly questionable copyright infringement claim over the reposting of the photo, then eventuallysend equally questionable DMCA takedown notices to Tuteur's hosting companies (plural) leading Tuteur to feel the need to shift hosts a few times. Crosley-Corcoran publicly laughed at Tuteur's blog being taken down, and later stated (publicly) that they wanted to stifle Tuteur's speech by getting Tuteur to stop talking about her, and finally soliciting a "legal fund" to go after Tuteur, promising to continue to take down their blog wherever it was posted.This seemed like a clear case of abusing the DMCA to stifle speech, and we noted that it might be an important case in determining if the DMCA's 512(f) clause had any teeth. 512(f) is the clause that provides for damages if you file a bogus DMCA notice (technically if you make "material misrepresentation" in the notice). The key question: is sending a DMCA notice when the use is clearly fair use a "material misrepresentation." The EFF jumped in to help argue this point, freaking out the MPAA who insisted that having to consider fair use before filing an abusive, censorious DMCA takedown is crazy talk.Unfortunately, it appears that the judge has now agreed with the MPAA that Congress probably didn't intend for DMCA filers to have to consider fair use, saying that if that was the intent, Congress should change the law. The argument made by the court is that the takedown process was designed to be "expeditious" and having to consider things like fair use make it too slow.I think this is an incorrect reading of the law, since to file a DMCA notice you are making a statement that you believe the work is infringing, and as Section 107 of the Copyright Act clearly states, "the fair use of the copyrighted work... is not an infringement." So I don't see how you can truly claim that something is infringing without at least exploring whether it's fair use.Still, if we accept the court's reading of this, it seems (to me, at least) to only further the argument that the DMCA takedown process is a clear violation of the First Amendment , because it now clearly allows for blatant censorship, witheven if the process is abused to remove non-infringing speech, such as fair use.
Filed Under: 512f, amy tuteur, copyright, dmca, fair use, gina crosley-corcoran
Companies: mpaa
No, this is not a movie. It happened for real on the Kettle Complex of fires in Washington August 27, 2015.
Below is the Rapid Lesson Sharing report from the Wildland Fire Lessons Learned Center. It is told from the perspective of the Helicopter Manager.
‘****
Operations had us go up and do some recon. One of the fires in the Complex was picking up and had spotted. We were going to check that out.
About five minutes after taking off, I look down and there's a snake looking up at me. He's by my right foot pedal, crawling out just inches from my foot. Right before the flight, I'd been talking to a local landowner about rattlesnakes—so that's my first thought.
I pull my foot back from the snake and it crawls into the helicopter's clear “chin bubble”. It looked to be about 12-18 inches long with diamonds on its back—like a rattlesnake. But I couldn't see its tail.
I say to the pilot: “I don't want to freak you out.”
Pilot: “What?”
“I got a snake by my feet.”
Pilot: “What?!!”
“Yeah, it's for real.”
Can't Do Mission Due to Snake in Helicopter
I radio Operations and Helibase to inform that I can't do the mission due to a snake in my helicopter.
As we return to Helibase, there is a suggestion. Apparently, the fuel truck driver likes snakes, so maybe they could get it out and we could take off.
I decide, no. Let's not try to do that with rotors running.
So we land and shut down. The snake now slides into a hole in the cowling under my seat. While we are looking for it, they poke their head out a few times—and retreats back inside the cowling.
Not a Rattlesnake
One of the guys gets a look at the snake's face. They say it's not a rattlesnake. They say it could be a bull snake; they also have diamonds on their backs. We're informed that most of the rattlesnakes in this area are timber rattlers. So we figure this one is probably a bull snake.
Can't Find Snake—Decide to Put Helicopter Back in Service
We pull the helicopter apart trying to find the darned snake—but we never do locate it. We make the decision to put the aircraft back in service—even though the snake could be anywhere.
So, how did the snake get into the helicopter? We think it either crawled up the long line into the belly, or was hiding in someone's line gear or in the bucket bag when we loaded it. (A SAFECOM was filed on this incident, #15-073).
Eight Days Later, Snake Crawls Out Again
Eight days later, while the relief pilot is in flight, the snake crawls out again.
The pilot lands and the fuel truck driver grabs it. It is confirmed to be a bull snake. It is released unharmed.
****
Submitted by: Brad Mayhew, Damen Therkildsen, and Patrick Romportl with support from the Pacific Northwest Wildfire Coordinating Group.
Is an iPhone made in China and exported to Europe a U.S. export?
Is an Apple executive a manufacturing worker?
Yes, and yes. At least those could become the answers if a new proposal afoot among some in the administration is allowed to take effect. Federal agencies grouped under the bland-sounding Economic Classification Policy Committee (ECPC) are proposing to radically redefine U.S. manufacturing and trade statistics.
Under the proposal, U.S. firms that have offshored their production abroad – like Apple – would become “factoryless goods” manufacturers. The foreign factories that actually manufacture the goods – like the notorious iPhone-producing Foxconn factories in China – would no longer be manufacturers, but “service” providers for the rebranded “manufacturing” firms like Apple.
It appears the administration has been reading Orwell.
But the problem with this proposed redefinition is not merely that it offends common sense. The “factoryless goods” proposal would deceptively deflate the size of reported, but not actual, U.S. manufacturing trade deficits, while artificially inflating the number of U.S. manufacturing jobs overnight.
While some details of the proposal remain open-ended, one thing is clear: this maneuver would obscure the erosion of U.S. manufacturing. It would disguise the mass-offshoring of U.S. middle-class factory jobs incentivized by NAFTA-style trade deals. It would undermine efforts to change the unfair trade and other policies that have led to such decline.
To boost U.S. manufacturing jobs and production, we need to switch our policies, not our numbers.
The ECPC is accepting comments on their “factoryless goods” proposal until July 21. If you'd care to offer your thoughts, click here.
The 3 Big Distortions of the "Factoryless Goods" Proposal
1. The proposal would result in a fabricated reduction of the U.S. manufacturing trade deficit by rebranding imports of U.S. manufactured goods as “services” imports, according to recent explanations offered by officials of ECPC member agencies. The redefinition would not affect all U.S. trade statistics, but it would distort some of the most widely-reported numbers (those calculated on a balance of payments basis), misleading the public and policymakers alike.
Take, for example, a scenario in which Apple ships iPhone parts to China to be assembled in a Foxconn factory and then sent back to the United States to be sold here. Currently, the value of the imported iPhone minus the lesser value of the exported parts counts as a net U.S. import of a manufactured good. This reflects the fact that Apple offshored its iPhone manufacturing to China.
But under the ECPC proposal, Foxconn, now called a “manufacturing services provider,” would not be described as having manufactured the iPhones but as having provided services to Apple. As a result, the net U.S. import of manufactured goods resulting from Apple's decision to offshore would be reduced. In its place would be an import of Foxconn's factory “services.”
2. The proposal would treat some goods exported by foreign factories as U.S. manufactured exports. Take a scenario in which Apple ships iPhone parts to China that are assembled by Foxconn and then shipped to the European Union (EU). Currently, Apple's export of parts to China counts as the only U.S. export in this scenario.
But the ECPC proposal, according to officials of ECPC member agencies, would instead count China's export of the fully-assembled iPhones to the EU, less the cost of any imported parts, as a “U.S. manufactured goods export.”
The absurd logic of this rebranding is that while China manufactured and exported the iPhones, they count as U.S. manufactured exports because they were under the control of a U.S. brand. This Orwellian proposal would spell an artificial increase in U.S. manufactured exports (on a balance of payments basis), further belying the real U.S. manufacturing trade deficit.
3. The proposal would spur a disingenuous, overnight increase in the number of U.S. “manufacturing” jobs as white-collar employees in firms like Apple – now rebranded as “factoryless goods producers” – would suddenly be counted as “manufacturing” workers.
This change would also create a false increase in manufacturing wages, as many of the newly-counted “manufacturing” jobs would be designers, programmers and brand managers at “factoryless goods producers” like Apple.
Reported U.S. manufacturing output would also abruptly and errantly jump, as revenues from firms like Apple would be lumped in with the output of actual manufacturers.
This proposal defies common sense. It would dramatically distort U.S. trade, labor and gross domestic product statistics. Goods manufactured abroad and imported into the United States are not something other than manufactured goods imports. Goods exported from foreign factories do not become “U.S. exports” when they are produced for U.S. brands. And jobs in which workers spend zero time actually manufacturing anything are not “manufacturing jobs.”
The offshoring of U.S. manufacturing under years of unfair trade policies cannot be undone with a data trick. The hoped-for “renaissance” of U.S. manufacturing will come through new policymaking informed by accurate data, not politically convenient distortions.
As protesters continue to be killed in Turkey, hacktivists of the RedHack collective appear to be on a mission to expose those responsible for their deaths. The hackers have published a series of documents that allegedly expose the identities of the police officers who killed Abdullah Cömert.
22-year-old Abdullah Cömert died in early June during the first wave of protests that took place in Turkey.
RedHack hackers are displeased that the government hasn't taken any action to identify those responsible for Abdullah Cömert's death.
As a result, the hacktivists have published on Twitter three documents in which the names of three police officers are highlighted. They're said to have killed the youth during the violent crackdown on Gezi Park protesters.
Abdullah Cömert was the second protester that was killed. Earlier this week, a sixth protester died in Turkey.
© AP Photo/ Frank Augstein
Not only Europe, but the whole world suffers from the escalating migrant crisis, Merkel said, adding that the European Union should develop its "competitiveness" to strengthen its financial background.the chancellor said in opening remarks at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.Germany is among EU countries dealing with an escalating refugee crisis, as hundreds of thousands of people flee war-torn regions in the Middle East and North Africa, seeking refuge in the European Union.Merkel noted that refugees arriving in Germany needed proper social integration, and urged prospective employers to have an open approach to migrants who "deserve a chance."Under a new European Commission quota plan, Germany must accept over 31,000 asylum seekers to relieve the refugee burden on Greece, Italy and Hungary. Earlier in September, German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said that as many as a million refugees could come to the country by the end of 2015.
On Tuesday, a provocative article appeared in the pro-Kremlin Russian daily, Vzglyad. It demanded that Belarus hold a referendum on becoming a part of Russia or else face Ukraine's fate.
On Tuesday, a provocative article appeared in the pro-Kremlin Russian daily, Vzglyad. It demanded that Belarus hold a referendum on becoming a part of Russia or else face Ukraine's fate.
The article referred to Alyaksandr Lukashenka's recent interview with Bloomberg, in which they once more cautiously expressed their sympathy for Kyiv and criticised the annexation of Crimea.
Moscow knows these are not just words. Minsk has avoided using the strategic means at its disposal – like its control of the Ukrainian oil products market – to destabilise the neighbouring country. Instead, it has enhanced economic cooperation with Kyiv and even sold military equipment to Ukraine.
Strategically Important Support
Belarus has been consistent in supporting Ukraine since the Crimea crisis. In March 2014, Minsk could have made the life of Kyiv's new leadership much harder by demanding advance payments for oil products. Because Belarusian firms control about 60% of the oil goods market in Ukraine, this step would have further weakened Kyiv's bankrupt government. Instead, the Belarusian side increased the supply of oil products and offered delayed payments to its neighbour.
In January 2015, the Belarusian ambassador to Kyiv Valiantsin Vyalichka announced that Belarusian firms would conduct transactions in the Ukrainian national currency. Even though this decision facilitated better bilateral trade between the two countries, it entailed political and economic risks for Belarus. Minsk risked retaliation by the Kremlin, on the one hand, and financial losses due to the unstable exchange rate of the Ukrainian hryvna, on the other.
Small but Important Supplies
Belarusian-Ukrainian trade in military or dual-use goods further proves that Minsk has not succumbed to Moscow's pressure. As the crisis in Ukraine unfolded, the media reported that Belarus increased contact with Ukrainian defence firms, discussed joint ventures as well as the transfer of new technologies.
Less known is the growth in the deliveries of Belarusian military-relevant equipment, spare parts, and weapons components to Ukraine. According to Ihor Tyshkevich of Ukrainian Hvylya.net, the official bilateral trade statistics demonstrates a significant increase in "unspecified" Belarusian exports of an apparent military character. The military components of exports are usually hidden in official statistics under the category of “other.”
While the volume of military-relevant exports remains modest, these transfers may have played an important role in boosting Ukraine's defence by satisfying very specific needs of the Ukrainian army. For example, one of the problems Kyiv faced last year was a lack of engines and batteries for its armoured vehicles. Tyshkevich analysed official statistics and found out that the export of “other” engines from Belarus to Ukraine increased from $1.1m in 2013 to $1.67m in 2014. The export of spare parts for “other” engines has increased twofold, reaching $2.84m in trade.
Since the beginning of the war in Eastern Ukraine, Belarus has been supplying Ukraine with vehicle batteries. In 2013 Ukraine did not import any of these batteries from Belarus. In the second half of 2014, Minsk exported $125,000 worth of them. In 2014, Belarus also sold $2.19m worth of electrical engines, which can be used in tank turrets. It's an impressive rate of growth when compared to the previous year, in which only $16,000 worth of electrical engines were sold, writes Hlylya.net.
Minsk has also supplied Kyiv with optical and electronic devices, one of the specialisations of the Belarusian defence industry. According to official statistics quoted by Tyshkevich, last year Belarus delivered $1.7m (in 2013 – $184,000) worth of binoculars, monoculars and thermographic cameras to Ukraine, gun sights to the tune of around $1m, as well as range finders, monitors and other optic and electronic components for military equipment valued at over $1.1m.
Military Trucks and Jets
Belarusian exports also included some ready-to-use military equipment. There are indications that Kyiv bought Minsk Wheel Tractor Plant (MZKT) chassis for its missile and artillery systems. Despite the slowdown in the Russian market and the corresponding decline in Russian military purchases from MZKT, the plant has managed to earn more money in July-September 2014 than in the entire previous year – at least partly due to the growth in exports to Ukraine.
The Minsk Truck Plant's (MAZ) sales to the Ukrainian armed forces are openly publicised. In July 2014, Ukraine's Internal Affairs Minister Arsen Avakov revealed that the Ukrainian National Guard had placed orders for trucks and trailers from Belarus, and the media reported on a delivery of 44 new MAZ trucks. In October 2014, the National Guard reportedly bought 27 more MAZ trucks and several dozen trailers from Minsk.
Even more strategically important was Belarus-Ukraine cooperation in the field of aviation. The Belarusian 558th Baranavichy aircraft repair factory may have been speaking about Ukraine when it announced a $66m overhauling of MiG-29s for a “foreign customer.” The announcement coincided with the Ukrainian army receiving several overhauled MiG-29s in December 2014 and January 2015. The Moscow-based Nezavisimaya Gazeta commented that the Belarusians may have been behind the restoration of the Ukrainian aircraft.
Minsk has also dramatically increased exports of “flying vehicles” and parts for them, which likely includes drones, to Ukraine. If in 2013, Belarus's respective exports amounted to $12,000, in 2014, Minsk earned more than $5m, while in January-March 2015 – almost $4m, reports Hvylya.net.
Much for Belarus but too Little for Ukraine?
The full scale of these deliveries remains unknown. Recently, however, the head of the Belarusian Military Industrial Committee Siarhei Hurulyou commented on the rapid growth of defence exports. According to him, the national defence industry has earned more than $800m through exports last year. Undoubtedly, a portion of these military and dual-use exports went to Ukraine.
Russian daily Nezavisimaya Gazeta downplayed the significance of Belarus's military exports. It quotes a Russian military expert saying that Belarus “currently cannot provide large-scale aid in re-arming the Ukrainian armed forces because its specialisation includes only a limited range of defence products.”
While Belarus can hardly rearm Ukraine, Minsk seems to be helping as much as it can. Belarus clearly wants to maintain good ties with Kyiv and hopes to help Ukraine survive as a state. In doing so, Belarus risks enraging the Kremlin, who can easily retaliate against the Belarusian leadership.
Such policies prove that the noisy battles of rhetoric between Minsk and Moscow are not all just words. Belarus also pursues its own policies, even as it pays attention to Russia's own sensitivities and is treading carefully. Minsk is clearly willing to sabotage and resist the Kremlin's regional ambitions, so long as they do not suit them.
https://belarusdigest.com/story/belarus-helps-ukraine-with-military-equipment/
I was looking for an energy monitor for "fun" but wasn't willing to pay more than about $50 for it. I decided to give this a try since it was so inexpensive, $30. Turns out to be a very good purchase. I'm relatively new to home automation and monitoring but pairing it my SmartThings hub was a breeze. The instructions are a bit lacking but I think that most people who are interested in doing this kind of thing can figure it out pretty easily. I was concerned about signal strength since my panel is on the opposite end of the house from the hub (about 55' and one floor down) but this wasn't a problem. The connection appears to be very reliable. I ran the device until it accumulated about 100kWh and compared it to my National Grid meter and the device was about 3% high. I consider this pretty good for a $30 monitor and for what I want to do. This test was run during an unusually high period of power consumption for me so I'm interested in seeing how accurate it is during lower load periods. One reason I wanted the monitor was to determine my base load to better understand who's using what during these periods. It will be interesting to see if it maintains accuracy at these lower loads.
Anyway, I don't need another one but I would purchase it again.
Last offseason, the Colts signed wide receiver Duron Carter out of the Canadian Football League. A year later, Carter is heading back to the CFL. The Montreal Alouettes announced today that Carter has signed a one-year contract with the team, where they spent two seasons before signing with the Colts.
Carter, the son of NFL Hall of Fame wideout Cris Carter, has talent and potential but was never able to get it together enough with the Colts to make the active roster. They worked out with the team all offseason and in training camp, and they were one of the biggest stars of camp for the Colts. They also had a solid preseason, leading the team with 126 yards on nine catches, averaging 14 yards per reception. They didn't do quite enough to make the team out of camp, however, as the Colts had depth at the position, but Carter was signed to the practice squad. They stayed there for the entire season, and reports have suggested that they drew some interest from other teams but never enough to be signed. After the season ended, Carter wasn't signed to a reserve/future contract (it's unclear whether the team didn't offer them one or whether they turned it down), making them a free agent. Instead of hoping for another NFL try this offseason with 90-man rosters, Carter is instead heading back to the CFL.
In 2014, Carter was a CFL All-Star as they caught 75 passes for 1,030 yards and seven touchdowns in 15 games for the Alouettes. They spent the 2013 and 2014 seasons there and played well enough to warrant NFL consideration and a shot with the Colts, but it never worked out as well as many had hoped. So now the 24-year old receiver is heading back to where they were not too long ago as they seek to pick their CFL career up right where they left off. It will be interesting to see whether Carter plays their way into another NFL shot, as it's a bit surprising to see them heading back to the Alouettes this early in the offseason. Perhaps that's a sign of the interest level in them (or lack thereof), or perhaps it's them hoping to continue to develop and get better while in the CFL. Either way, best of luck to Duron Carter moving forward.
Tile, marble union workers preparing to strike statewide Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Video
Members of the Hawaii Masons Union, specifically ceramic tile and marble setters are planning a statewide strike Monday.
The strike is planned to start at 5 a.m. with a picket line at the Symphony building and could include the Ritz Carlton, expansion of Ala Moana, and the Hilton Garden Inn.
"Nobody wants a strike, nobody wins but this is like a last resort," said Todd Saito, a business representative for Local #1 of Hawaii.
They say contract negotiations with the Tile Contractors Association of Hawaii have been going on for over a year.
"We just want a package that represents industry standards," said Saito.
Tile setters measure, cut and install tile, and according to the state of Hawaii, the wage rate schedule for tile and marble setters is $37.10 per hour, based on the latest statistics from 2013. In 2015, cement finishers, on the other hand, make $37.90.
Some of the members, who didn't want to be identified, say they want a package with better pay and benefits.
KHON2 reached out to the Tile Contractors Association of Hawaii, but we have not heard from them yet.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the hourly median wage for Hawaii tile and marble setters in 2014 was $29.72 per hour, making Hawaii, the third top-paying state for this occupation, behind Massachusetts and New York.
Every year before the NBA season begins, the Las Vegas Superbook posts predicted win totals for every NBA team and the betting public can wager if a team will go over or under their predicted line. Last season, the Wizards were predicted to go 42-40 for the 2013-2014 season. Ultimately, they finished with 44 wins, with an over of 2 games.
Today, the lines for the upcoming 2014-15 NBA season were announced and with the Washington Wizards' free agency splash addition of Paul Pierce, they have upped the ante to 49.5 wins. This is tied for seventh highest in the league and is an interesting precursor to how high the bar has been raised for this Washington Wizards team. Of course, coming off a first round playoff victory and a fantastic off-season, the Washington Wizards should be placed highly in the NBA ranks, but will they get to that vaunted 50 wins?
Reasons They Will Win 50 Or More Games
1) Panda Powers
Bradley Beal really came into their own as a star and playmaker by the end of last season. Their improvement handling the ball were evident and their newfound skills in the pick-and-roll with Marcin Gortat or Nene spaced the floor and allowed Wall to attack from different parts of the floor, not just the top of the key. With another year under their belt, Beal has the chance to make a massive leap this season to All-Star and truly make the Wizards backcourt the best in the league.
2) Key Offseason Acquisitions
I don't know if you've heard but the Wizards acquired future Hall-of-Famer and headband wearer, Paul Pierce, to the squad. Although they will not be playing 48 minutes per game due to age and wanting to keep them healthy for a postseason run, their experience and veteran leadership can keep the ship afloat during turbulent times. There were times last season, especially early into the campaign, where the Washington Wizards lost to bad teams or just did not come out with the fire needed to emerge victorious, but Pierce can be the rock for the Washington Wizards this season.
Alongside Pierce are the additions of Kris Humphries and DeJuan Blair. These role-players will be integral off of the bench to give rest to Gortat and Nene during a long and grueling season. Also, both of these big-men are skilled rebounders and defensive presences. The Washington Wizards can use this height to their advantage and force smaller teams to play bigger.
3) Nene: It's Hilario-us That You Forgot About Him
One key detriment for the Washington Wizards last season was the loss of Nene for 6 weeks during the second half of the year. In late February, Nene dealt with a sprained MCL and missed an extended period of time. With the new bench help, Nene will get to play less minutes on a game-by-game basis. Their health is vital for the Washington Wizards' success because, as we saw while they were dominating Joakim Noah, Nene has the talent to be the best player on the court any game. If Nene can make it through this whole season, that can lead to a significant uptick in wins for the Zards.
Reasons they won't win 50 games continued on next slide
Toyota Dreaming: How two dot paintings were swapped for a government 4WD
Posted
It was a bold deal that benefitted both parties — but it is hard to imagine it being approved today.
It was 1986, and five artists from the Northern Territory community of Yuendumu swapped two paintings for a government four-wheel drive vehicle so they could travel to their homelands.
The artworks, known as Toyota Dreaming, were some of the first acrylic dot paintings made at Yuendumu, which is now a hub of world-famous Central Desert art.
They were created by Paddy Jupurrurla Nelson, Paddy Japaljarri Sims, Larry Jungarrayi Spencer, Paddy Japaljarri Stewart and Tower Jakamarra Walker, who were among the artists who had earlier painted the Yuendumu school doors.
Swap ticked off in Canberra
The trade was initiated by Eric Michaels, a researcher for the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies (AIATSIS) who at the time was working with the community.
"The artists were quite separated from their own country which could be up to 400 kilometres away, so the community really needed some transport to get there," Alana Garwood-Houng, AIATSIS curator of art and artefacts, said.
"Our principal at the time, Warwick Dix, had to get permission ... the community would have had to get new licence plates.
"But from the correspondence it didn't look like it was difficult [to organise]."
Mr Dix wanted the paintings to hang above the entrance of what they hoped would one day be a purpose-built AIATSIS building in Canberra.
In 2001, when the building opened on Acton Peninsula, they were displayed in the foyer.
But to better protect them, they are now hung on rotation in the AIATSIS library reading room.
Ancient stories told through acrylic on canvas
AIATSIS curator Charlotte Craw said the paintings drew on millennia of cultural knowledge and traditions.
But at the time they were made they were a new medium for the Warlpiri artists.
They mark the moment the community decided to enter the burgeoning Indigenous art movement and allow their stories to travel.
"The other important thing about these paintings is that they bring together a lot of major stories," Dr Craw said.
"The senior men have worked out how to put those different Dreaming stories together."
While the paintings are now a treasured part of the AIATSIS collection, the fate of the four-wheel drive was never documented.
"I'm sure it got very well used by multiple members of the community," Ms Garwood-Houng said.
Topics: indigenous-culture, contemporary-art, 20th-century, human-interest, canberra-2600
Former Army Lt. Dan Choi — one of the most prominent faces of last year's successful campaign for congressional repeal of the military's “don't ask, don't tell” policy — is considering offering their support to an Obama opponent in 2012.
Choi, who in 2010 was arrested for chaining themselves to the fence of the White House in protest, told The Daily Caller in an email, “I lost significant trust in Obama and their fawning gay elites in the wake of recent homophobic court appeals and election-induced double-talk.”
Choi's frustration with the president's apparent lack of interest in the policy's repeal during the lame duck session of Congress has been compounded by administration appeals of court decisions that have ordered an immediate end to the policy's enforcement.
During the congressional debate on “don't ask, don't tell” Choi said that they would not vote for Obama again, a stance that appears to have hardened. Choi told TheDC that they are “seriously considering helping a viable challenger.”
Choi has ruled out supporting Minnesota Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann, who they said “foolishly aids the Obama camp in making a cartoonish parody” of Republicans.
However, “There are some very appealing candidates such as Governor Gary Johnson and others who are much better than Obama on civil rights,” Choi said. (Gary Johnson assails conservative Iowa group's marriage pact)
Johnson strongly condemned this month's Family Leader “Marriage Vow” pledge. Johnson said that the pledge, signed by Bachmann and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, was intolerant, un-American and un-Republican.
“Our community is too often manipulated by homophobic Democrats; I see very little difference when being manipulated by homophobic Republicans,” Choi said. “One group is openly vile while the other remains closeted towards the same objective: political exploitation.”
It's not news to savvy real estate developers, young artists looking for affordable housing, commuters pushed out by Toronto's bonkers housing market, or Angelo Mosca, but Hamilton might finally be ready for its close up. Although regarded, at least by down-the-nose Torontonians, as a greaser with a knife in its cuff — a sentiment blithely echoed by Hamilton legend Tom Wilson, who has said that their city was punk rock before punk existed — Lake Ontario's steeltown finds itself rounding into a vanguard of new expression. Despite — or perhaps, because of — its woolly downtown, rheumatic shoreline and pockmarked history, Hamilton is vastly interesting; Toronto with a fever and the sweats. While the works of Salvatore DiFalco, David Collier and others have mined these veins, it's still a place largely unwritten about in Canadian letters. Another artist who has identified the city's narrative protein is Trevor Cole, whose recent book, The Whisky King: The remarkable true story of Canada's most infamous bootlegger and the undercover Mountie on their trail, dives into an era when Hamilton was a bootlegging hub, filled with rounders, ghouls and thugs.
( Brian Hughes / Toronto Star ) The Whisky King: The remarkable true story of Canada's most infamous bootlegger and the undercover Mountie on their trail, by Trevor Cole, HarperCollins, 512 pages, $34.99. ( HarperCollins ) Trevor Cole, author of The Whisky King: The remarkable true story of Canada's most infamous bootlegger and the undercover Mountie on their trail, HarperCollins. ( Fehn Foss )
Cole tells the story of ambitious mobster and bootlegger Rocco Perri — small, stocky, social and quietly fearsome — and the man who pursued him, a resolute and self-hating Italian immigrant named Frank Zaneth, regarded as the RCMP's first undercover operative. Both men came to North America from opposite regions in Italy — Perri from the South; Zaneth from the North — and Cole's portraiture details their upbringing, home life and struggles in the new world alongside the civic evolution of Canada, taking us through the rise of prostitution, crime, gambling and the dance of sin and alcohol, the latter propelling Perri into one of Canada's most opportunistic, and combative, rum runners. One of The Whisky Kings's best moments comes when Cole takes us on a spin through Ontario's prohibition years between 1916 and 1919, and how the Temperance movement created a gin-soaked underground, yielding the blind pigs upon which Perri built their fortune. In Zaneth's storyline, we find the Mountie going undercover as a union militant during the Winnipeg General strike, an episode that illuminates Canada's difficult birth as a nation. Both men assumed several alternative identities as a way of concealing their shadow activities; that Cole has deftly charted their ghostly paths is a major achievement here.
Article Continued Below
Part of the trick of deeply historical writing is the ability to soar above the story while knowing when to stop and twist the lens so that a detailed view can rise from the surface; a kind of literary Google mapping. Cole's book provides a vast and officious sweep of Canada at the turn of the century and beyond, and he's a good lens twister, but it's not as if you leave the book feeling covered in Hamilton's factory soot or drowning in the blood of the city's organized crime. For readers who want their history ably documented, this may be a sturdy point, but I prefer something a bit more fantastic and wild in the storytelling. Nonetheless, the tale — and the times — are compelling enough that you're hitched once the story gains momentum with the rise of both Perri and the man entrusted to bring them down. While Perri and Zaneth are the main trunks of the story, the book is branched with characters from a John Huston epic: piano-playing wharf rats; Mafia reprobates; fusty councillors; and a handful of cops who can't shoot straight. It's a compelling gallery, and the author does their best to tile them into the narrative, yet the book rests with its two principals, who, in the end, come to represent the yin and yang of Southern Ontario, and, perhaps, Canada: one who feels the desire to step across the tracks for whatever awaits him, and one who tugs the other back by their suspenders. And all around them: a sea of drink. Dave Bidini is rhythm guitarist for the Rheostatics; their book, Baseballissimo: My Summer in the Italian Minor Leagues, is being developed for the screen.
The lunar orbit of China's Chang'e 3 moon lander carrying the Yutu rover is shown in this graphic released by the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation. Chang'e 3 will land on the moon on Dec. 14, 2013.
Update for Dec. 14: China's Chang'e 3 spacecraft has successfully landed on the moon. Read the full story here: China Lands On The Moon: Historic Robotic Lunar Landing Includes 1st Chinese Rover
China's first moon rover mission is poised for a weekend landing on the lunar surface, an event that — if successful — will mark the country's first robotic landing on another celestial body.
China's Chang'e 3 lunar lander is currently orbiting the moon with its solar panels and landing legs deployed. If all goes well, the lander — which is carrying China's first robotic rover — for a planned soft-landing on Saturday, Dec. 14, Beijing Time at Sinus Iridum, also known the Bay of Rainbows.
Once on the moon, the lander will unleash the instrument-laden Yutu rover, a six-wheeled robot built to trundle across the dusty, time-weathered terrain for months. Yutu — which means "Jade Rabbit" — is named after the rabbit that travels with the goddess Chang'e to the moon in Chinese legends. [See photos from China's Chang'e 3 moon landing and rover mission]
The solar-powered Yutu rover comes equipped with cameras, a robotic arm tipped with science sensors and a radar system attached to its underbelly. The stationary lander itself is instrumented to observe Earth, astronomically eye other celestial objects from the moon, as well as watch the Yutu rover scamper about.
China's Chang'e 3 moon mission, the country's first flight to land a rover on the moon, is depicted in this graphic released by the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation. The mission launched on Dec. 2, 2013 Beijing Time and arrived in lunar orbit less than five days later. (Image: © China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation)
More than meets the eye
The surface of the moon has not been visited for decades.
Apollo 17 moonwalkers packed up their belongings and rocketed off that barren landscape in 1972. Last to explore the moon was the former Soviet Union's robotic Luna 24 sample return mission in 1976.
If successful, the Chang'e 3 mission will mark the first time a Chinese spacecraft has touched down on the surface of an extraterrestrial body.
"I think a successful landing and rover operations will be of enormous significance for lunar exploration," said Ian Crawford of the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences at Birkbeck College, University of London.
"Just being the first controlled soft-landing on the lunar surface for 37 years would be significant enough, but a successful deployment of only the third robotic rover, and the first equipped with modern instruments, will be remarkable," Crawford told SPACE.com.
And apparently there is more to this mission than meets the eye — given what's known about the Chang'e 3's payload for prospecting.
The Chang'e 3 lunar lander and moon rover is part of the second phase of China's three-step robotic lunar exploration program. (Image: © Beijing Institute of Spacecraft System Engineering)
China's moon science
Crawford said Yutu's ground-penetrating radar, or GPR for short, is one of the most "significant instruments" on the rover. For one, that hardware may reveal the scale of bedding of individual basaltic flows in Sinus Iridum. That data may help identify ancient regoliths, or "paleoregoliths," they said. [The Moon: 10 Surprising Facts]
"I have long been interested in the very rich scientific records, which may be trapped in palaeoregoliths sandwiched between lava flows," Crawford said, and Sinus Iridum would be an excellent location to test the concept.
There are indications, Crawford said, such layers were detected by the orbital radar carried by Japan's Kaguya moon probe. It was launched in 2007, orbited the moon for a year and eight months, and was purposely impacted on the lunar surface in June 2009.
If palaeoregolith layers exist within the uppermost 330 feet (100 meters) or so of the moon's topside, then the Chang'e 3 mission should detect them, Crawford said. While China's radar-toting spacecraft won't have any means to access such buried layers, "I think the validation of GPR as a means for detecting them, and confirmation of their existence, would be a major contribution to future exploration plans," they said.
An artist's illustration of China's Yutu (Jade Rabbit) moon rover on the lunar surface. The rover and a lander are part of China's Chang'e 3 mission to the moon's Bay of Rainbows. (Image: © China National Space Administration)
Mining potential
Chinese space officials have been clear about surveying the moon and then tapping it for its resources.
"China has made no secret of their interest in lunar Helium-3 fusion resources," said Harrison "Jack" Schmitt, a former Apollo 17 moonwalker and professional geologist.  They are author of the book, "Return to the Moon — Exploration, Enterprise, and Energy in the Human Settlement of Space."
Rare on Earth, Helium-3, rooted in the moon's upper surface by billions of years of solar wind blasting, could be mined to energize fusion reactors. That initiative has long been advocated by Schmitt. [See Photos from Chang'e 3's Launch to the Moon]
Yutu's belly-mounted radar could give the depth of minable regolith and also identify boulders in that regolith large enough to cause mining problems, Schmitt told SPACE.com. "In fact, I would assume that this mission is both a geopolitical statement and a test of some hardware and software related to mining and processing of the lunar regolith."
Schmitt said that NASA's now on-duty Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) has radar aboard that has obtained some very useful data. For example, it identified a buried, second fault that crosses the valley of Taurus-Littrow, the site that Eugene Cernan and Schmitt inspected on the Apollo 17 mission in December 1972.
Furthermore, Apollo 17's Command Module pilot, Ronald Evans, operated a radar "sounder" from the Command Service Module in lunar orbit. "I understand that people are still actively trying to process that data," Schmitt said.
Low-hanging fruit
"Chang'e 3 will invariably break new ground by investigating a new site on the moon, partly with new instrumentation, about which we know very little, by the way. So scientifically, it will advance knowledge," said Paul Spudis, a planetary geology and remote sensing expert at the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston.
"But its real significance is the development of a lunar surface capable flight system," Spudis said. Their question: Why build a lander that can carry nearly 3,750 pounds (1,700 kilograms) to deliver a rover that Chinese media reports as weighing 310 pounds (140 kilograms)?
"Clearly, they have other payloads in the queue, waiting to be sent there. Just what, we shall have to wait and see," Spudis said.
While Apollo 17's Schmitt is a supporter for moon-derived Helium-3, Spudis said "the real, low-hanging fruit" on the moon is the water and permanent sunlight at the poles, useful materials and continuous energy. [NASA's 17 Apollo Missions in Pictures]
"Both enable long-term presence on the moon. I'm not sure that the Chinese see it quite that way yet, but they will eventually," Spudis said.
This image shows the view inside China's mission control center in Beijing for the Chang'e 3 moon lander and rover mission in December 2013. (Image: © China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation)
Geophysical exploration
Pascal Lee, a planetary scientist and chairperson of the Mars Institute at the NASA Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, Calif., had done noteworthy work with ground-penetrating radar.
GPR can indeed be considered an In-situ Resource Utilization (ISRU) instrument, Lee said, in that GPRs are commonly used on Earth in geophysical exploration. They are used, they told SPACE.com, as the initial phase of subsurface reconnaissance that precedes any actual exploitation — or utilization — of resources.
"GPR is a profiling instrument, so it is expected to be operating while the rover is roving, as opposed to when it's stopped at any particular location," Lee said.
China's Yutu moon rover, part of the Chang'e 3 lunar landing mission launching in December 2013. (Image: © China National Space Administration)
Lunar radar returns
GPR usually has a dipole antenna setup, so one antenna transmits a radar signal into the ground, while the other antenna receives the echoed signal, Lee said. Radar returns are triggered by discontinuities in the physical properties underground, for instance when more or less electrically conducting materials are encountered by the incoming radar signal, they said.
"The time of return of various echoed signals tells you how deep things are. The shape and polarization of the returning signal tells you what types of materials are encountered," Lee said. "If different sounding frequencies are available on the GPR, which seems to be the case on the Chinese rover, the higher frequencies are used for probing to shallow depths while the lower frequencies, longer wavelength, are used to probe to greater depths," they said.
Usually, GPR does not do well in the presence of liquid water in the ground, Lee said. "In the case of the moon, we are in GPR heaven, and the subsurface is expected to be bone dry when it comes to any liquid water."
Excavation plans
Lee said that the GPR on Yutu is expected to be a subsurface structural profiler. If that's the case, at higher frequencies, it will provide profiles of subsurface material transitions down to a depth of about 100 feet (30 meters).
"It should, therefore, be able to tell us where the lunar regolith transitions to more compact underlying materials. At lower frequencies, it will generate profiles of the deeper subsurface structure of the moon, down to hundreds of meters, provided the rover can rove over distances of order hundreds of meters or more," Lee said.
From an ISRU perspective, it's mostly the high-frequency soundings, down to a depth of 30 meters or so that will be most informative, as they will tell you how deep the lunar rubble layer is, "an important piece of information if one has future excavation plans," Lee said. The deep sounding of the lunar subsurface, they said, down to hundreds of meters is more of value in an academic and possible geologic context, they said.
First order data
The Chang'e rover's GPR is thought to have a penetration depth of 100 feet to nearly 330 feet (30 meters to 100 meters). It apparently can operate in two wavelengths, giving it very high resolution at shallow depths to penetrate through the regolith and into the mare basalts. The other GPR wavelength can penetrate through the regolith and into the mare basalts.
Once operating on the moon, the GPR should provide some first order data, said Jeff Plescia, a space scientist at Johns Hopkins University's Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Md.
Plescia also chairs NASA's Lunar Exploration Analysis Group (LEAG), chartered to assist the space agency in planning the scientific exploration of the moon. [Photos: New Views of Apollo Moon Landing Sites]
The subsurface distribution of boulders on the moon is unknown, Plescia told SPACE.com. The late astrogeologist, Gene Shoemaker, argued years ago that the subsurface distribution should resemble the surface distribution, Plescia said.
"But there is no data. The trenches that were dug during the [Apollo] missions did not go very deep and there were only one or two instances where they thought they hit a rock either in drilling or with a cone penetrometer…which might suggest rocks are rare," Plescia said.
Radar equipment onboard NASA's LRO does get some penetration, as does Earth-based Goldstone and Arecibo radar dishes, Plescia said. "But given the spatial resolution it would be more statistical than actually mapping boulders as Chang'e 3 could do," they said.
Visit SPACE.com for the latest news on China's space missions and the Chang'e 3 moon landing.
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades.  They are a former director of research for the National Commission on Space and is co-author of Buzz Aldrin's new book "Mission to Mars – My Vision for Space Exploration" published by National Geographic. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Original article on SPACE.com.
Ori and the Blind Forest is coming to stores on June 14, thanks to publisher Nordic Games. In a press release, the company said it was working with developer Moon Studios and Microsoft, which originally published the game, on a boxed version of the Windows PC game.
"Since we released Ori and the Blind Forest, we've received many mails, tweets and requests from fans asking for a boxed retail release, so we're extremely pleased to finally make everyone's wish come true," CEO of Moon Studios Thomas Mahler said about the upcoming boxed sets.
The retail versions will include the Definitive Edition of the game, which Microsoft recently released on PC and Xbox One. It comes with extra content, like new moves, difficulty options, fast travel and even more of the beautiful, cinematic cutscenes.
When it comes to store next month, Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition will be available in two editions: a $19.99 Standard Edition, which includes the game and a poster; and a $29.99 Limited Edition, packed with two posters, two postcards, the original soundtrack and a steelbook case.
We enjoyed Ori and the Blind Forest last year, when it launched digitally. Check out our review, as well as our end-of-year celebration, of the side-scrolling adventure game. Then, watch the Definitive Edition's trailer below.
Broken Silence: Wet Components
It was recently revealed that Konami would be bringing Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance to the PC. Shortly after this announcement, the publisher announced that Castlevania: Lords of Shadow would come to the PC as well, via Climax Studios. Has Konami suddenly grown a soft spot for the PC platform? The last time I wrote a proper Broken Silence article, it was focused on how Konami could make amends for their unfaithful HD Collection with poor ports of Silent Hill 2 and 3. I suggested that the publisher could please fans by officially supporting the re-release of the PC versions of Silent Hill 2, Silent Hill 3, and Silent Hill 4 by teaming up with GoG.com or Steam. And while that suggestion fell upon deaf ears, as I'm sure the below article will as well, discussing what Konami could do to better the Silent Hill series is still one of my favorite hobbies. So, let me tell you my latest idea!
With the announcement of PC ports of both Revengeance and Lords of Shadow, the latter being nearly a three year old title, it's time for me to suggest that the publisher extend the same courtesy to Silent Hill: Downpour, the series' latest main entry. Downpour released on March 13, 2012 to mixed critical reception – this alone may give Konami reason to ignore me, but hear me out. I loved the game; I would also love to see a superior version without the technical hiccups and muddy textures: a version of the game that can reach more people.
A lot of people ask, “where are the survival horror games?” The indie development scene on PC is where many contemporary horror games can be found. Amnesia is one such game in the indie scene that helped show people that quality horror experiences can be found on PC. Mods such as Cry of Fear, Day Z, and SCP showcase the creativity and ease in which passionate individuals have supported the genre on the platform. Silent Hill, as a series, doesn't top charts. The series is niche, out of the public eye and cursed with a taboo that suggests that it was once great and has nothing else to offer. But amidst the widely known, classic survival horror series with strong legacies, Silent Hill remains survival horror. Silent Hill: Downpour embraced the genre, whether you believe that the gameplay was sub par, decent, or exceptional. It honored what makes a survival horror game about survival. Unlike Resident Evil or Dead Space, Downpour didn't cave to becoming a more accessible horror title. Downpour gave us an underpowered character, a sad story, and a wonderfully designed town to explore. This is why I believe it deserves its chance among other survival horror games on PC.
A platform where many developers have the freedom to release a game in the genre that many larger publishers fear won't sell well, is where Downpour could potentially get some attention from gamers. Even Silent Hill: Shattered Memories, an experimental no-combat survival horror game could receive some much-needed attention on PC due to how much it would have in common with indie developed horror games. Book of Memories, an isometric dungeon crawler, could do well on the platform as well.
I won't pretend that porting a game is a low cost and simple endeavor. If Konami didn't see fit to releasing the game in a more-finished state and with better promotion before release, I'm sure they would be hard pressed to port the game to a new platform. What I do know – which is widely known information – is that the Unreal Engine, which Downpour was developed on, has been designed to allow developers to make multiplatform video games with fewer complications. The process will still require Konami to hire a development studio to do the laborious task, but the point is that there would likely be less complication in the process than if the game was developed on a less-PC optimized engine. As for publishing, Konami could easily partner with Steam to eliminate retail publishing costs.
Now, this is just me speculating here, but what if porting costs were relatively low enough that the risk would be outweighed by potential sales? Porting Downpour to the PC gives millions of gamers access to it. The nature of Steam Sales lures many people into dipping into low-cost but interesting looking titles out there. What if Konami were to release a PC port of Downpour at a budget price on Steam for less than $20 (retail console copies sell for about this price)? Would it be far fetched to believe that a low-priced Downpour port would be picked up by not only Silent Hill fans but also random buyers looking to nab some cheap games that look at least mildly interesting? I think Konami could very well make a profit here, which would be their motivation to port this year-old game.
I understand that the fear of Konami screwing up exists. They've shown that they can easily do so with anything Silent Hill. Silent Hill: Homecoming released on PC some time after the console version and it was a broken game that fans had to patch themselves. Despite a slew of technical faults and mixed critical reception, Konami released Homecoming on PC at full price. Currently, the game is still being sold for $40. If Konami were to do this port, they would need to sell the game at a budget price. Castlevania: Lords of Shadow Ultimate Edition is releasing on August 27th and that was a critically acclaimed game. A price around $20 at launch would be decent for a Downpour port–at least in my eyes. Konami must also be willing to adjust their price by working with Steam during sales periods. They have to have realistic expectations and be competitive.
It's unfortunate that the publisher would probably cite Homecoming‘s PC sales and reception as fair reasoning for not porting Downpour, but clearly its failure was their fault alone and in no way an indication that future PC release would fail on the platform. Hopefully, now that they're flirting with PC ports again, they've got a better idea of how to appeal to gamers on the platform. If Lords of Shadow and Revengeance do well, then maybe the Konami will walk away confident in the platform (assuming they do all the necessary things to earn that success).
With the onset of the next console generation, I have decided to make the PC my primary gaming platform. Silent Hill no longer appears on that platform, so this was a factor that prompted me to consider the possibility of Konami putting Silent Hill on PC, but I am not alone in sharing this hope. As console architecture becomes more and more like a PC, the “easier” (I use this term well aware that developing and porting is a arduous task) it will become to port their games to the platform.
Millions of gamers either have a gaming PC along with a console, or simply a gaming PC, at home. There is a market out there that Konami has recently decided to acknowledge with Metal Gear and Castlevania games, so why not Silent Hill? The publisher might be surprised if they were to take this potentially beneficial risk, as opposed to their bad ones in the past. If not Downpour, then perhaps Silent Hill 10…whenever that decides to start existing. If we can't have Downpour on PC, then let's hope that Revengeance and Lords of Shadow sell well enough to convince the publisher that the PC is a viable platform which money can be made from.
Michele Bachmann (ABC News)
A Republican former lawmaker who suggested Obama supported Islamic State militants and urged voters to take up arms over a proposed energy tax is now blaming Comedy Central and a Shakespeare play for the shootings of two GOP members of congress.
Michele Bachmann — who called on their constituents to become “armed and dangerous” over an emissions tax for energy production — rebuked comedians, media personalities and political figures for inspiring an Illinois man with a history of domestic violence to shoot two lawmakers and three others.
“The assassination plot directed at Republican members of Congress Wednesday morning is proof positive of Trump Derangement Syndrome,” Bachmann told WND. “The political left is more than unhinged; they have fallen into a dangerous delusion of their own making.”
Republican majority whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) and Rep. Roger Williams (R-TX) were wounded Wednesday morning while practicing for a congressional baseball game, and two Capitol police officers and a legislative aide were also wounded.
“The assassin was a Bernie Sanders volunteer, Rachel Maddow fan, avid follower of Comedy Central and of Bill Maher,” Bachmann said. “The [would-be] assassin obviously listened well to their TV political ‘teachers' and took their ‘resist' marching orders to an unthinkable level, based upon the hysterical, fact-deprived, profanity-laced ravings of the lunatic left.”
They called for a production of William Shakespeare's “Julius Caesar,” which depicts the assassinated Roman emperor as a Trump-like figure, to be shut down after the mass shooting.
“The Trump assassination play in New York's Central Park should close,” Bachmann said.
During their time in Congress, Bachmann was known for outrageous political rhetoric.
“Really now in Washington, I'm a foreign correspondent in enemy lines, and I try to keep everyone back here in Minnesota know exactly the nefarious activities that are taking place in Washington,” Bachmann said in 2009, during the debate over the cap-and-trade energy tax. “I want people in Minnesota armed and dangerous on this issue of the energy tax because we need to fight back. Thomas Jefferson told us, having a revolution every now and then is a good thing.”
They helped promote and legitimize conspiracy theories questioning former President Barack Obama's birthplace, and they also suggested that they might be the antichrist and had “been the best friend of terrorists.”
“The Obama doctrine has been to offer aid and comfort to our enemies while they have cut off our allies,” Bachmann said. “Everything that they have done has been to lift up the agenda of Islamic jihad. They have furthered Islamic jihad across the world, and we've never seen anything like this before.”
New Obama administration rules designed to restrain carbon emissions from US power plants could also push up the price of electricity for American consumers.
The Environmental Protection Agency, which proposed the carbon reduction plan Monday, said the costs to the economy will be modest and will be far outweighed by the benefits of cleaner air. The EPA plan aims to bring US emissions of greenhouse gases 30 percent lower in 2030 from 2005 levels.
But the plan is touching off a storm of controversy, with some industry groups saying negative impacts on the economy will be significant.
A report released by the US Chamber of Commerce, for example, estimates that reduced emissions will cost about $50 billion a year. And on Twitter, the business-funded Partnership for a Better Energy Future is warning of higher electric bills for consumers and manufacturers.
Where does the truth lie on the economics of carbon reductions? Here's a six-point guide.
All in all, the costs aren't that high. The EPA estimates its plan would result in compliance costs of about $7.3 billion to $8.8 billion a year nationwide (up to the 2030 deadline for achieving the 30-percent emissions cut). The Chamber of Commerce study, one of the most detailed estimates so far from outside government, pegs the total compliance costs at $478 billion, which would approach $30 billion per year.
Either way, the costs can be viewed as small relative to the overall economy. Using $30 billion, the annual costs would be a fraction of 1 percent of America's $17 trillion in economic output (a bit less than 0.2 percent, to be precise).
Liberal economist Paul Krugman, opining in The New York Times, summarized their view of the Chamber of Commerce study this way: “I was ready to come down hard on the Chamber's bad economics; but what they've actually just shown is that even when they're paying for the study, the economics of climate protection look quite easy.”
Some regions are hit harder than others. The US has already made progress toward the Obama administration's target of reducing carbon emissions by 30 percent. That's in part due to the recession's impact on energy demand and in part because of the ongoing shift toward more natural gas and renewable sources in the energy mix.
But there's still a long way to go to hit the target, and energy experts say that getting there will be harder for some states than others. The plan sets targets for each state, and then gives them flexibility in how to reach them.
“The need to replace large portions of the coal generation fleet in the midcontinent … means that these regions will experience the bulk of the economic distress in the early years, followed by the South Atlantic in the latter years,” predicts the Chamber's study, which drew on economic analysis by the forecasting firm IHS.
A caveat: Expect the question of how many coal fired plants will be replaced to be hotly debated in coming days. Critics of the Chamber study note that it was done before details of the EPA plan were known, and argue that it overestimates the need for new construction. (Some 70 percent of the compliance costs foreseen in the study are for power plant construction, as opposed to other things, such as efficiency measures to reduce demand on the grid.)
An elephant in the room is the ‘social cost of carbon.' The rationale for the EPA to limit carbon emissions is that global warming (in some measure induced by human actions) is a threat to the climate and human health. That's the view of many climate scientists, but this “social cost” of carbon emissions often goes unpriced or underpriced when people burn fossil fuels.
“It is clear that the monetized benefits of this proposal are substantial and far outweigh the costs,” the EPA said in issuing its plan. Measuring the value of cleaner air in units called the “social cost of carbon” (SCC), the EPA estimated that the carbon reductions “will lead to climate and health benefits worth an estimated $55 billion to $93 billion per year in 2030.”
Putting a dollar value on eliminating a ton of carbon emissions is inherently controversial, however – notably because it involves estimates of how severe the long-run impact of climate change will be.
“Estimates of the SCC are highly uncertain, and researchers have produced a wide range of values,” the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said in a report last year.
All carbon policy is still global. One criticism is that the US efforts will be swamped by expanded emissions overseas. The idea is that human-induced warming of the climate is a global phenomenon, so the US can't save its climate through unilateral action if other nations aren't taming their emissions.
This is an important point. But by itself, it's not an argument against the EPA plan.
First, unilateral action by the US isn't meaningless. On a per-person basis, the US is a far bigger contributor to global carbon emissions than emerging nations like China are. A sizable US reduction in greenhouse gases has some impact, even if the overall global trend in emissions is still upward.
Second, backers of the EPA say its plan shows the US is taking climate change seriously – and that may have some impact on international collaboration.
“The EPA's rule increases the likelihood that a multilateral climate change agreement will be reached at the UN's climate change conference in Paris next year,” writes Chris Lafakis, an economist at the forecasting firm Moody's Analytics.
Electricity bills could rise modestly. In presenting the carbon reduction plan, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said that if the carbon policy pushes up electricity costs, the change will be small. They said it might be “about the price of a gallon of milk a month."
The EPA also assumes that “overall electric demand will decrease significantly” as states emphasize more efficient use of energy to hit the reduction targets.
On the positive side, Ms. McCarthy said that the agency's action will make power blackouts less likely, because the status quo is on a path toward more extreme weather – with negative impacts on the electric grid as well as on other parts of the economy.
The states will lead the way. The EPA plan calls on states to work individually or with one another to get the job of carbon cuts done. One virtue of that approach is flexibility for innovation in one place to become a model for others, and for solutions to emerge that are suited to particular regions.
Some experts on climate policy argue that it would have been more effective to enact a nationwide “carbon tax” or “cap and trade” policy (allowing utilities to buy and sell emission permits). For now, those are the roads not taken.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Mark Muro, an expert on metro area policymaking at the Brookings Institution, lauds the shift toward state responsibility. “Whether it be pollution regulation, clean energy finance initiatives, or projects on the energy efficiency front, states and cities across America have been actively pursuing their own ‘bottom up' self-help efforts” already, they write.
Mr. Muro says the EPA plan, now open for a period of public comment and possible revision, "gets some big things right by moving the pollution effort from federal to 'federalist.​' "
Fun with Android
AKA: I know what you did last Christmas !
Hello folks,
I'd like to share with you a few things that I did during this Xmas.
Besides the fact I'll never ever take a vacation before Xmas, because Brasov is a tourist attraction and it was FULL of tourists in that period. I could ski only once 🙁 , because it snowed just a few days before New Year and then the police closed the roads to the ski resort because there were way too many cars in that area.
Anyway it was also great because I spent a lot of time with my family. But because there was no snow outside, I also had some time for myself and I didn't want to waste it all. So, for the sake of old times, I started to buy some old games (from gog.com) and I began to play them with my son. But we soon finished most of them and we started to play 0 A.D. a super cool and free (as in freedom and also as in beer) strategy game. After a while my son asked me if they can play that game on a tablet. I said:
“at this moment you can't play it, but I'll take a look 🙂 “
This is how my new journey began, and this is what this article is about 🙂 .
Strangely, exactly five years ago I began another journey, on the same day I started the Qt on Android port ;-).
Chapter I
So, I began to check the source code and I posted my intention on wildfiregame's forum and then, I started the 0 A.D. game engine port:
the first step was to compile all 0 A.D. dependencies, TBH this was the most time-consuming step and it wasn't fun at all. Qt framework has all the features that 0 A.D. needs and my first approach was to use Qt instead of all 0 A.D.'s dependencies but 0 A.D. developers didn't like it and I had to cross-compile all the dependencies for Android. This step was already begun some time ago by someone else, but it was quite unfinished. The good news is that I learned how to cross-compile automake, cmake, etc. projects for Android ;-). Again this job is anything but fun 🙂 .
the features that 0 A.D. needs and my first approach was to use Qt instead of all 0 A.D.'s dependencies but 0 A.D. developers didn't like it and I had to cross-compile all the dependencies for Android. This step was already begun some time ago by someone else, but it was quite unfinished. The good news is that I learned how to cross-compile automake, cmake, etc. projects for Android ;-). Again this job is anything but fun 🙂 . the next step was to add to 0 A.D. a first citizen class support for Android, that I can use to code, deploy, run & debug on Android. Even though I know how to debug Android apps from a terminal, I'm way WAY to lazy to do such a thing. Of course the only choice I had, was QtCreator. When I designed QtCreator's Android plugin, I did it in such a way that it can be used also by non-qt apps, but I never had the chance to put that theory to the test 😀 . So, after I had added qmake project files, (nope, I don't like qmake that much, I chose qmake simply because it is the only build system that can be used by QtCreator to target Android devices), it was time to test if I can use QtCreator to develop non-qt apps on Android . Folks, I'm happy to let you know that QtCreator works just fine with non-qt apps to target Android! In this step I had to update the Android (java) part of the project to add debug support needed by QtCreator.
to lazy to do such a thing. Of course the only choice I had, was QtCreator. When I designed QtCreator's Android plugin, I did it in such a way that it can be used also by non-qt apps, but I never had the chance to put that theory to the test 😀 . So, after I had added qmake project files, (nope, I don't like qmake that much, I chose qmake simply because it is the only build system that can be used by QtCreator to target Android devices), it was time to test if I can use QtCreator to develop non-qt apps on . Folks, I'm happy to let you know that QtCreator works just fine with non-qt apps to target Android! In this step I had to update the Android (java) part of the project to add debug support needed by QtCreator. the next step was to fix all the crashes and enable all 0 A.D. features. Using QtCreator and being able to debug the application in a decent way, this job was quite easy, and soon I fixed all (visible) crashes and I enabled all 0 A.D.'s features!
0 A.D.'s features! but la vie is not always en rose and I faced a problem that was way beyond my (current) knowledge. 0 A.D. had some problems with GLES on Android. Together with an 0 A.D. developer, we started hunting these errors. But this job was extremely hard and boring … The problem was that I had to add tones to glGetError() to find the place where the error occurred… after a long time, we managed to hunt down one of the errors. But a few more still remained. Thanks to my legendary laziness, I started to look for another much easier solution. That guy asked me if Android has any OpenGL debuggers/tracers. After that moment I become obsessed by the idea of finding a decent solution to debug/trace OpenGL calls on Android.
Chapter II
AKA: The quest of hunting down 0 A.D.'s GLES problems!
So, the big question is: Are there any decent OpenGL debuggers/tracers for Android? A quick search on the net answered my question. It seems there are a few OpenGL debuggers/tracers for Android. So, I started to check if any of them are decent and useful 🙂 .
I began my research with Android's own tool. To start tracing is quite easy: you need to start the application on the device, click on trace icon (in that tool), choose a file (on your desktop), check a few options and wait … After the trace was finished I was very anxious to see which one of the +10k OpenGL calls/frame caused the problem! Sadly I had a very unpleasant surprise. The thing didn't point me to the problem at all 🙁 . Even more, going from one frame to another takes an eternity… so, at least for me, this tool was no good.
then I found Mail's graphics debugger. After a quick look on their website my heart was full of hope! MGD is not that easy to use, but I managed to get it deployed on Android. I started the GUI and I also got it connected to application on the device. But after this step my hope was ruined and my heart broken. After it connects to GUI the application crashes on the device; it seems it has some unimplemented EGL/GLES APIs 🙁 . Of course my first thought was that I did something wrong and I started to dig deeper, but no luck, so, one more OpenGL debugger off my list.
the next tool on my list was powervr. I looked at it with a lot of hope but that soon vanished because, after I downloaded, the “SDK” asked me for root permissions to install. I wasn't that desperate to give it root permissions!
I briefly checked NVidia's Tegra graphics debugger, but I didn't even dare to download it because I don't have any Tegra Devices.
The last tool I checked was apitrace. Folks it was love at first sight! Even though apitrace is not as easy to use as Google's tool, I managed to integrate it quite easy (and in a decent way) into 0 A.D.'s project. After I created the trace, I pulled it from the device to check it. TBH after the previous failures, my hope was not that great, but I took the courage to check it anyway. Folks, apitrace's GUI it a gazillion times faster than Google's tool! I was extremely surprised to see my laptop really replaying the trace and finding some errors! I began to check those errors and I soon found out that my desktop GLES implementation is not the same as the one on Android 🙁 … Most probably most Android implementations are not the same (e.g. Mali's implementation is probably different from Adreno's). The only hope to catch those errors was, somehow, by doing tto retraceon Android alone …
Chapter III
Retracing on Android … AKA: Mission Impossible
So, I started to check the apitrace (retrace) source code to see how and if it can be ported on Android. The challenge was to pass the application arguments and to redirect somehow the stdout and stderr from the device to the desktop.
Apitrace (retrace) uses stdout, stderr to send back results to the user/UI. So, the only way to do it, it was to hook stdout and stderr on Android and redirect all the traffic to a pair of sockets, then forward those sockets (using adb) to the desktop. I also chose to use stdout socket to send the params to application on device. But what if the application doesn't have INTERNET permission set, which is needed for sockets? What if those ports are already in use? This was an easy task, because I asked myself the same question a few months ago, when I worked on Android 5.0 support, so I chose to use LocalServerSocket instead of the old fashioned sockets. This way all the potential problems were avoided.
So, I created an android GLES retrace on the C++ side (based on egl_x11), a custom Android Activity, a custom Surface, etc. Of course, I also added QtCreator support (yeah more qmake projects 😀 ), to be able to debug, and soon, I had a working Android retracer!
I could use it via telnet with just a few steps (I'm listing those steps because they can be used to debug the connection):
start apitrace application on Android.
forward ports (once is enough): adb forward tcp:1234 localabstract:apitrace.github.io.eglretrace.stdout adb forward tcp:1235 localabstract:apitrace.github.io.eglretrace.stderr
connect to both channels telnet 127.0.0.1 1235 telnet 127.0.0.1 1234
then send the arguments via stdout channel (1234 port in our example) -d /sdcard/0ad/appdata/logs/pyrogenesis.trace
But, as you can see, is not very easy to use and I couldn't use the UI …
Again, my titanic laziness come into place, and I began to work on a decent way to do retrace on Android using the existing UI.
IMHO a decent retracing on Android needs to meet the following requirements:
a way to pull the trace from device to desktop
a way to push a trace from desktop to an Android device, if the trace was done on another device and you have it on your desktop.
a way to link a desktop trace file with an Android trace file
automatically starts to retrace application on device
forwards the ports (using adb) to desktop
connect to those ports, send the params
read the data from ports instead of QProcess stdout, stderr
Folks, I'm proud to let you know that I managed to finish all those requirements! I'm quite pleased how it ended up! All the mysterious errors were revealed!
Of course because I want all the people to enjoy a decent Android OpenGL debugging, I created the pull request for all my work.
Using apitrace on Android I knew which OpenGL commands caused the errors! This helped an 0 A.D. developer, (Philip` is their nickname on irc), to fix these errors in a few minutes. I needed their help because my OpenGL skills are close to 0 (A.D.) and making an Android retracer didn't make me smarter at all in that area :).
Of course this is the first step to get 0 A.D. on Android, there is a lot of work to be done before we'll be able to enjoy it on our tablets!
If anyone wants to join this fantastic free project, please check 0 A.D.'s participate page. 0 A.D. is a project where anyone can help not only programmers! If you are an artist that knows how to paint, create music, write scenarios, have a nice voice, etc., or you want to help with translations for the game, in your own language, you can join and contribute!
Also apitrace needs contributors, if you want to help, then you can check their TODO list to see if you can make the world a better place 😉 !
My apitrace repo is here and the pull request here.
My 0 A.D. repo is here and the patches here and here you have info about how to compile 0 A.D. on Android.
Since I wrote this , we've made some worthwhile progress on avoiding damaging Samsung hardware. The first is that the samsung-laptop driver appeared to be causing the firmware to attempt to write to an area of memory that was marked in the chipset, triggering a Machine Check Exception. That was what generated the pstore output that caused the problem originally. The driver now refuses to load if EFI is enabled, which avoids the problem. It's not ideal, since it's currently the only mechanism we have for certain functionality on Samsung laptops, but there you go.The second problem was that avoiding crashing on boot didn't actually fix the problem in any fundamental way. Even with pstore disabled, it was possible for userspace to fill the nvram and trigger the same problem. Our first approach to this was to prevent any writes to nvram if the UEFI QueryVariableInfo() call reported that more than 50% of the nvram storage space would be used. That was safe, but led to another issue. The nvram storage area is typically implemented as part of the same flash chip as the firmware. Flash isn't arbitrarily accessible - changing the contents of a block typically involves rewriting the entire block. It's impractical to rewrite the entire nvram area on every write, so what actually happens is that deleting variables just results in them being marked as inactive but doesn't actually free up the space. The firmware can later perform some sort of garbage collection to free it up.This caused us problems, since inactive space that hasn't been garbage collected yet isn't actually available, and as a result firmware implementations tend to count it as used. Say you had 64KB of nvram and wrote 32KB of variables. We'd then refuse to write any more because you'd drop below 50%. So you delete 16KB of the variables you've created and try again. Unfortunately, the firmware still thinks that there's 32KB in use and Linux would still refuse.If you were lucky, rebooting would trigger a garbage collection run. If you weren't, it wouldn't. Problematic. Our next approach was to try to account for the space actually actively used by the variables, rather than relying on what the firmware told us via QueryVariableInfo(). This seems simple enough - just add up the size of all the variables and subtract that from the overall size to determine how much of the "used" space is actually just old inactive variables that can be ignored. However, there are still some problems there. The first is that each variable has some additional overhead associated with it, and the size of that overhead varies depending on the system vendor. We had to make a conservative guess, which could cause problems if systems had large numbers of small variables. The second is that the only variables the kernel can see are those that are flagged as runtime-visible. There may also be a significant quantity of nvram used to store variables that are only visible in boot services code. We could work around this by adding upsizes while we're still in boot services code, but on some systems calling QueryVariableInfo() before ExitBootServices() results in later calls to GetNextVariable() jumping to invalid addresses and crashing the kernel. Not a great approach.Meanwhile, Samsung got back to us and let us know that their systems didn't require more than 5KB of nvram space to be available, which meant we could get rid of the 50% value and replace it with 5KB. The hope was that any system that booted with only 5KB of space available in nvram would trigger a garbage collection run. Unfortunately, it turned out that that wasn't true - some systems will only trigger garbage collection if the OS actually makes an attempt to write a variable that won't otherwise fit.Hence this patch . The new approach is to ask the firmware how much space is available. If the size of the new variable would reduce this to less than 5K, we attempt to create a variable bigger than the remaining space. This should cause the firmware to realise that it's out of room and either (depending on implementation) perform a garbage collection run at runtime or set a flag that will cause the system to perform garbage collection on the next reboot. We then call QueryVariableInfo() again to see whether a garbage collection run actually happened, and if so check whether we now have enough space. If so, we go ahead and write the variable. If not, we tell userspace that there's not enough space.This seems to work in all the situations I've tested, and it should avoid ending up in a situation where a Samsung can end up bricked. However, it's firmware, so who knows whether it's going to break things for someone else.
Image caption Would you confuse Zynga's word game with the original Scrabble?
Zynga's Scramble With Friends word game for mobile devices does not infringe Mattel's Scrabble trademarks, a High Court judge has ruled.
Mattel had argued that Zynga's use of the word "Scramble" was too close to the word "Scrabble".
But Mr Justice Peter Smith disagreed.
However, they did accept that Zynga's use of a curly letter M in the logo "gives the impression that the word is Scrabble when one looks at it quickly and has the propensity to confuse".
This means Zynga will have to change the game's logo, but not the name itself.
'Mattel intends to appeal'
US company Mattel, the world's biggest toy manufacturer, owns brands such as Barbie, Hot Wheels and Fisher-Price Toys, as well as Scrabble.
In response to the ruling, Mattel spokesperson Alan Hilowitz said: "We are pleased that the English High Court today affirmed Mattel's request for an injunction against Zynga, finding that the similarities between their Scramble With Friends logo and Mattel's intellectual property likely would confuse the public into thinking they were in fact downloading Scrabble.
"We are, however, disappointed that the court did not rule that Zynga should cease using the Scramble name, which Mattel intends to appeal."
Zynga said it was not prepared to comment on the case.
The ruling will be a relief to Zynga, the online games company that made its stock market debut in December 2011 and was valued at $1bn (£630m).
Since then it has struggled to replicate the success of games such as FarmVille and Words With Friends.
60% share rise
In October, the company reported a net loss of $68,000 for its third quarter, compared with a $57.3m loss for the same period last year.
While the results were better than expected, year-on-year revenues fell 36% to $202.5m and the number of fee-paying players has halved to about 1.6 million.
But chief executive Don Mattrick, who joined Zynga in July from their role as head of interactive entertainment at Microsoft, maintained that a return to profitability was in sight for the company.
Zynga bought OMGPOP, the company behind the popular game Draw Something, for $200m in March 2012, but shut the company less than a year later.
Despite the setbacks, Zynga's share price has risen 60% over the past 52 weeks.
Cabinet warned second year will be full of hard choices, can't please everyone
SUDBURY, Ont. — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their ministers have been warned they're heading into a tough year.
The warning came Sunday from Sir Michael Barber, the British guru on "deliverology" — the art of ensuring that governments deliver on their promises — who spoke to the federal cabinet during the first day of a two-day retreat.
Having spent the first 10 months of their mandate enjoying a prolonged honeymoon, consulting with Canadians on dozens of different issues and setting the stage to deliver on Trudeau's ambitious agenda, Barber effectively told ministers it's time to fish or cut bait.
"If you want to generate results ... then in Year 2 you really need a focus on relentless implementation, on taking some difficult decisions where you can't please all of the people all the time," they said outside the retreat.
"You're bound to make hard choices basically."
Trudeau faces no shortage of hard choices on everything from electoral reform to pipelines, from climate change to fighter jets.
One of the biggest challenges looming this fall is a planned first ministers' meeting that's supposed to hammer out a national strategy to combat climate change, including putting a price on carbon.
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna conceded there are "some difficult issues" to overcome but insisted "very good progress" has been made in behind-the-scenes negotiations. They vowed that Canadians "will see a serious climate plan in the fall," as planned.
The government's need to make some hard choices comes against the backdrop of a stagnant economy that is showing few signs of life. Canada lost more than 31,000 jobs in July while job creation fell to its lowest level since the recession in 2008-09.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau said some of the measures taken in last winter's budget to stimulate the economy — investments in infrastructure and a new, more generous child benefit — are likely to start having "some traction" soon.
For instance, they said he's hearing that families intend to spend their enhanced child benefit on back-to-school supplies for their kids.
"That'll be money that will go into the economy," they said.
As well, Morneau said the federal government has struck agreements with most of the provinces on disbursing infrastructure funding, which will "enable us to make the investments that we know will be positive in the short term and positive in the long term for the Canadian economy."
For their part, Trudeau said one of the big themes of the retreat was "relationships" — with indigenous peoples, with the provinces and territories and with the United States.
On the latter, Canada's ambassador to Washington, David MacNaughton, briefed the cabinet on the potential opportunities and challenges presented by the American presidential election in November.
Among other things, MacNaughton noted that both Republicans and Democrats and their respective presidential nominees, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, have adopted anti-trade stances that could wind up hurting Canada.
"There is a deep concern in the United States about how people don't think that trade deals have worked to their benefit, that some people have benefited a lot but lots of people have been left behind," they said outside the retreat.
"I've said frequently ... there are nine million U.S. jobs that are dependent on trade with Canada and the problem is that nobody in Congress understands that."
The somewhat gloomy messages were consistent with the back-to-school tone of the retreat, held at Laurentian University under threatening black clouds.
Ministers are bunking together in a student residence, three or four assigned to each apartment-like dorm.
"Actually, it's really cool," said Canadian Heritage Minister Melanie Joly, who is bunking with fellow ministers Judy Foote, Chrystia Freeland and Jody Wilson-Raybould.
"It goes back to my heydays as a graduate student."
Status of Women Minister Patty Hajdu said it's a good way for ministers to reconnect after a summer spent working apart.
"I think it was really nice for all of us to convene in this way ... We had a little dorm party as people do in dorms," they said, stressing that they were "well behaved with the addition of a little libation."
Joan Bryden , The Canadian Press
V2 Launch Site with Hermes A-1 Rocket, Launch Complex 33 Gantry, White Sands Missile Range, NM, 2006. “One of the earliest launch complexes built. Used to test launch captured German V2 rockets. Many of the features in LC 33's blockhouse made there way into other blockhouses at Cape Canaveral--like multiple panes of glass laminated together to allow for protected viewing of the launch from the blockhouse.”
Shelter Dome, Rubber Room, Launch Pad 39B, Kennedy Space Center, FL, 1996. “Adjoining the Rubber Room was a Shelter Dome room with the floor set on springs to isolate the occupants from whatever conflagration may be occurring above them as they seek shelter.”
Wind Tunnel Test Chamber with Model, 7 X 10 Foot Wind Tunnel, NASA Langley Research Center, VA, 1997.
Fuel Tank, Lunar Module, Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center, KS, 2002. “I photographed this fuel tank while it was in storage, attracted to the amazing colors the oxidation created.”
Saturn V F1 Center Engine, Saturn V Center, Kennedy Space Center, FL, 1997. “I was asked, in 1997, to photograph the newly opened Saturn V Center, including access to a high-lift for vantage points like this view of the center Saturn V F1 engine.”
Horizontal Gantry from Base, Gemini Titan Complex 19, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, 1991. “This was the first abandoned launch pad I visited. It was 1988. I was amazed that the light bulbs were mostly intact 22 years after the last Gemini mission. The erector at Pad 19 was hinged at the base, and lowered before every launch. After the final launch, it was left horizontal.”
Telemetry Receivers, Strip Chart Recorders and Tape Recorders, Blockhouse, Redstone Launch Complex 26, Cape Canaveral, FL, 2000. “A stop on one of the Kennedy Space Center bus tours. The blockhouse is often staffed by retired NASA employees who actually worked in the blockhouse and on the Redstone rocket. They explain the procedures and technology of the day.”
Mobile Service Tower Platforms, Atlas Launch Complex 36B, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, 2005. “I photographed Atlas Launch Complex 36B while it was being decommissioned. The mobile service towers of Pads A and B were imploded in 2007. Launch Complex 36 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station sent Surveyor, Mariner, and Pioneer missions on their way to explore the Moon and the planets of our solar system.”
Apollo Saturn F1 Engine Cluster, NASA Johnson Space Center, TX, 1996. “I made this image laying on my back with my camera on my face in a light rain. I enjoy the visual reference to Nefertiti.”
Gemini, Mercury, and Apollo Test Models, Spin Test Tunnel Office, NASA Langley Research Center, VA, 1997. “I asked the staff if I could photograph these models. I was planning on photographing right where they were. When I returned from photographing the Spin Test Tunnel, the staff had set them on the counter showing off the scientific illustrations on the blackboard behind them — a wonderful background.”
Liquid Fuel Tank Support, Apollo Saturn Complex 37, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, 1993. “There were two of these fuel pressure spheres near the entrance to Launch Complex 37. One has been repurposed and is now used to support Delta IV rocket launches. The other sphere was removed.”
Blockhouse, Apollo Saturn Complex 37, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, 1992. “Many of these abandoned space launch and test facilities bring to mind other archeological sites. This blockhouse reminded me of a pyramid or ziggurat.”
Flooded Room Beneath Pad 19, Gemini Titan Launch Complex 19, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, 1992. “This is an image of a large square girder in a flooded compartment beneath the launch pad. What I couldn't have predicted were the swirling reflections of light in the water coming from openings in the roof. They looked like little galaxies.”
Launch Ring Restored, Apollo Saturn Complex 34, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL, 2000. “In 1998, the launch ring at Complex 34 was sandblasted and painted to protect it from weathering. I had been trying for years to capture the spiritual quality of this site. I made this photograph near sunset with the blue sky reflecting on the launch pedestal and the last pink rays of sunlight illuminating the ring and clouds behind.”
It's hard to be a teenage girl in any decade, but it's exponentially more traumatizing to go through puberty these days thanks to social media. Here are our predictions for why it'll be even shittier to be a teenage girl on the internet in 2013.
I recently found a bunch of notes that I passed to my "friends" during middle school. Why did I save so many mini sticky notes covered with bubble letters written in pastel gel pen? Unclear, but they sure are a fantastic reminder of why being an 8th grade girl should've been one of Dante's circles of Hell. Half the notes are me and my frenemy/idol Kim incessantly making fun of this girl Stephanie who Kim didn't like. The other half are plaintive laments that I slipped to a friend I actually trusted, wondering why Kim didn't invite me to a slumber party they were throwing after semi-formal. Tragic.
It's difficult for me to imagine how girls handle all that cattiness now that it's plastered on the internet for everyone to peruse. What if I had to click through Facebook photos of said epic slumber party I wasn't invited to? What if Kim and I had pestered Stephanie with anonymous bitchy questions on Formspring? Here are five reasons why 2013 will be even worse for teenage girls than 2012:
1. Humbleswag
Scrolling through photo after photo of my friends' impressive Christmas presents on Instagram this week made me feel like I was back in middle school, when all of my spoiled classmates got way cooler presents than I did and would brag about each night's (we were mostly Jews) bounty by the lockers every morning. I'm all for announcing personal accomplishments via social media, but really? We're posting photos of the presents people get us now?
Advertisement
I don't actually care, because I am an adult and my mom renewed my New Yorker subscription for me this holiday season, but it must be tough for teenagers whose parents can't afford or simply refuse to buy them designer clothes to see photos of their friends' new Juicy Couture sweats and Kate Spade bags. (Yes, I fully realize that those items are probably not as lusted after as they were when I was 13/my peers were budding Real Housewives. Now there's probably more hipster bullying, right? Must have correct vintage!)
Prediction: Instagram will launch an advertising component that allows jealous users to instantly online shop for the filtered items their friends flaunt.
2. Easy Access Sexting
I first heard about Snapchat from my friend's 18-year-old sister. We were sitting around their dinner table when someone asked why anyone would be interested in an app that only displays photos for a few seconds at a time; the expert rolled their eyes and said, "Duh, for sexting!" Now Facebook is getting into the teXXXting market, too. (They won't admit it, but it's obvious that's what these apps are for.)
Advertisement
Nonononononononooo. Teenage girls do not need more reasons to text topless photos to boys who will almost certainly share them with their friends, if not the entire school and Reddit as well.
Prediction: Hunter Moore's revamped website will prosper thanks to asshole teenagers who manipulate their girlfriends/rivals into flashing their newly acquired boobs via this "super safe app that can't possibly save sexts, like, I swear! ;)"
Advertisement
3. Even More Anonymous Shit-Talking
Nasty comments on Ask.Fm and Formspring were cited as a large part of the reason why both Jessica Laney and Amanda Todd killed themselves this year. Dozens of teens asked YouTube commenters if they were ugly. Why can't teenagers resist the siren call of anonymous Q&A websites?
Advertisement
Easy: because teenagers are obsessed with themselves and what people really think about them. It doesn't matter if Ask.fm and Formspring are shut down (and they won't be); teens — and particularly teen girls, who are under massive pressure to be pretty and perfect and purebutalsokindaslutty — have always wanted to know what people say about them behind their backs. It's only going to get worse.
Prediction: College applicants will start compiling "Best Of" lists culled from Formspring compliments to include along with their teacher recommendations.
Advertisement
4. Creepshots Galore
Sexualized photos of minors became slightly harder to come by on Reddit last fall when a high school substitute teacher posted "sexy" photos of their underage students on the now shuttered r/creepshots forum, but it's only a matter of time until Redditors devise a new way to treat young women with less respect than they would cage zoo animals — sorry, I mean, defend their own constitutional rights to "free speech"/upskirt photos.
Advertisement
Prediction: 2011 was the year of r/jailbait. 2012 was the year of r/creepshots. How will loser Redditors strive to feel macho by attempting to victimize teenage girls in 2013? We're not giving them any ideas.
5. Intensified Parental Controls
It sucks to be a teenage girl on the internet, but it also sucks to be the parent of a teenage girl on the internet, which is why more parents are taking advantage of technology to follow their precious darlings' every tweet and IRL move. Interested in GPS tracking devices? How about an app that "gather[s] intelligence" on your kids "wherever they go", or an online service that "scans the Web in case a child decides to try a new social network that the grown-ups have not even heard of yet"?
Advertisement
The problem is that teenagers who feel spied upon won't stop sexting or answering questions about whether they're mega whores on Formspring. They'll just think their parents don't trust them and concoct wily (and potentially more harmful) ways to continue logging onto their favorite websites.
Prediction: Well-intentioned parents will go to pathetically embarrassing lengths to to e-monitor their kids instead of actually talking to them about why and how the internet can be a dangerous, hurtful place — and why they should be thought twice before sharing photos of or gossiping, even (and especially) anonymously, about others online. Too bad.
Advertisement
[Image by Jim Cooke.]
QAYYARA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi army troops on Saturday stormed into a Christian region that has been under Islamic State control since 2014 as part of U.S.-backed operations to clear the entrances to Mosul, the militants' last major city stronghold in Iraq.
The advance took place as U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter met Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad to evaluate the campaign that began on Monday with air and ground support from the U.S-led coalition.
A military statement said Iraqi units entered the center of Qaraqosh, a mainly Christian town about 20 km (13 miles) southeast of Mosul, and were carrying out mop-up operations across the town.
Further action was under way to seize a neighboring Christian village, Karamless, also known as Karemlash in the Syriac language. The region's population fled in the summer of 2014, when Islamic State swept in.
Earlier this week, Iraqi special units also captured Bartella, a Christian village north of Qaraqosh.
A U.S. military official estimated there were fewer than a couple of hundred Islamic State fighters in Qaraqosh.
“I've seen berms in Qaraqosh. I anticipate there'll be trenches, there'll be passageways between different buildings,” the official added, speaking on condition of anonymity.
BIGGEST BATTLE SINCE 2003
The offensive on Mosul is expected to become the biggest battle fought in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 and it could require a massive humanitarian relief operation.
Some 1.5 million residents remain in the city and worst-case scenario forecasts see up to a million being uprooted, according to the United Nations. U.N. aid agencies said the fighting has so far forced about 6,000 to flee their homes.
The army is trying to advance from the south and the east while Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are holding fronts in the east and north.
Iraqi forces have advanced to five km (three miles) from Mosul and there are signs of revolt against the group, the interior minister of the Kurdish regional government, Karim Sinjar, said in an interview on Saturday in Erbil.
On the southern front, nearly 1,000 people were treated for breathing problems linked to toxic fumes from a sulfur plant that Islamic State militants are suspected to have set on fire on Thursday, said sources at the hospital of Qayyara, reporting no deaths at the medical facility itself.
The fumes prompted U.S. forces at Iraq's Qayyara West airfield to put on protective masks.
A cloud of white smoke blanketed the region to the north, where the factory is located, mingling with black fumes from oil wells that the militants torched to cover their moves.
The Iraqi army's media office said about 50 villages had been taken from the militants since Monday in operations to prepare the main thrust into Mosul itself, where 5,000 to 6,000 IS fighters are dug in, according to Iraqi estimates.
An Iraqi army vehicle is seen during an operation to attack Islamic State militants in Mosul, in Qayyara, Iraq, October 22, 2016. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani
Islamic State also controls parts of Syria.
The warring parties are not announcing casualties, with each claiming to have killed hundreds of enemy fighters since Monday.
Islamic State is relying mainly on suicide car bombs, roadside bombs, mines, sniper and mortar fire to counter the charge of the Iraqi units trained by the United States to deal specifically with this kind of warfare.
“The campaign is proceeding according to plan and the schedule that we've had,” Carter said after meeting Abadi. The Iraqi prime minister, however, rejected any Turkish participation in the campaign.
Carter signaled during a visit to Ankara on Friday their support for a possible Turkish role and said there was an agreement in principle between Baghdad and Ankara — potentially ending a source of tension.
“I know that the Turks want to participate, we tell them thank you, this is something the Iraqis will handle,” Abadi said after meeting with Carter. “If help is needed, we will ask for it from Turkey or from other regional countries.”
OIL-RICH KIRKUK RETAKEN
Roughly 5,000 U.S. personnel are in Iraq. More than 100 of them are embedded with Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces involved with the Mosul offensive, advising commanders and helping ensure coalition air power hits the right targets.
The militants retaliated to the advance of the Iraqi forces and the Kurdish fighters in Mosul by attacking on Friday Kirkuk, an oil city that lies east Hawija, a pocket they continue to control between Baghdad and Mosul.
Slideshow (22 Images)
Authorities in Kirkuk regained control of the city on Saturday and partially lifted a curfew declared after the militants stormed police stations and other buildings. The region's oil producing facilities were not damaged.
At least 50 people have been killed and 80 others wounded in clashes between security forces and the militants in Kirkuk, according to a hospital sources. Four Iranians doing maintenance work at a power station were among the dead, they said.
A senior U.S. official estimated the number of the militants who attacked Kirkuk at about 80, nearly all of whom were killed or captured. They were mostly foreign fighters trained as commandos who may have received help from sleeper cells inside the city, they said.
After our one week break thanks to wisdom teeth we come back with a review for the action comedy film American Ultra. American Ultra stars Jesse Eisenberg, Kristen Stewart, and Topher Grace in a story that would be amazing to watch while high and fun to watch while sober.
As always if you would like to avoid any Spoilers please scroll down to The Positive List for the spoiler free points.
One of the really great things about this film is the dialogue and character interactions. The story is your standard “Guy is a government experiment who gets away from it and settles down for a while before the government finds them and tries to eliminate him.” That being said the characters come up with funny ways to talk about this story whether it be “The escaped convict has an ultra-virus” or “I'm not a human, I'm a robot.” It's a funny way to satire this kind of story by making up some really funny excuses for why the main character is being chased.
The supporting actors are pretty good, in particular John Leguizamo, who plays Rose the gangsta drug dealer, and Walton Goggins, who plays Laugher, the guy who tries to kills the main character. Rose brings a lot of comic relief to the story by being such a weird character. Laugher brings an interesting show of just how bad the main antagonist, Topher Grace, is. Laugher is a mentally unstable person who was forcibly experimented upon and now has to do tasks against theirs will.
Some of the sets were pretty great as well. The story is set in the small town of Liman West Virginia but there are some things you wouldn't expect in this small town. For example the basement of Rose's house is a night club like workout room, complete with lewd artwork, neon lights, and weight racks. This room was really interesting and completely fit Rose's Character.
And there you have it. This film was enjoyable to watch and should you be under the influence of marijuana you will have an insane experience. It's totally up to you if you want to watch the film or not.
And now for The Positive List.
The Dialogue and Character interactions are great. The supporting actors are pretty good. Some of the sets for scenes were pretty cool.
I hope you enjoyed this review and if you would like please take the time to leave any feedback. I am always looking to improve.
If you would like to read my reviews when they are released enter your e-mail below. My list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
President Obama formally endorsed Hillary Clinton to succeed them in the White House Thursday, saying they have the "courage" for the job and vowing to hit the campaign trail for them soon -- in a video message posted just moments after meeting with their primary rival Bernie Sanders.
"I know how hard this job can be. That's why I know Hillary will be so good at it," the president said, in the video posted on Clinton's campaign site. "In fact, I don't think there's ever been someone so qualified to hold this office."
The president made clear they would no longer stand on the sidelines, even as Vermont Sen. Sanders vows to stick out the race at least through the final primary in Washington, D.C., next Tuesday.
The Clinton campaign separately announced that they and Obama would campaign together June 15 in Green Bay. Clinton tweeted that she's "fired up."
Honored to have you with me, @POTUS. I'm fired up and ready to go! -H — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 9, 2016
Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump immediately fired back.
To which the Clinton campaign tweeted: "Delete your account."
Meanwhile, Vice President Joe Biden voiced their support of Hillary Thursday evening at the American Constitution Society's national convention.
"Anybody who thinks that whoever the next president is -- and God willing, in my view, it will be Secretary Clinton."
The White House, meanwhile, said Obama recorded the video on Tuesday, the day Clinton effectively wrapped up the nomination.
The video was released shortly after Obama met in the Oval Office with Sanders.
Sanders afterward struck a conciliatory tone Thursday, saying they plan to meet soon with Clinton to discuss how they can “work together to defeat Donald Trump.”
The Vermont senator said they still plan to compete in next Tuesday's Washington, D.C., primary, the final contest on the calendar. And they said they plan to take their message “to the Democratic National Convention” in July.
They did not, however, say specifically whether they would still be an active candidate by then, taking no questions from the press before heading over to a meeting with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid.
The meeting with Obama was private. They met for over an hour, and Fox News is told no staff or aides were present.
But their tone, compared with their defiant speech early Wednesday after Clinton clinched the Democratic nomination, appeared to soften.
While offering no endorsement himself, Sanders said they spoke with Clinton and congratulated them “on their very strong campaign.”
And Sanders thanked Obama for their “impartiality” throughout the process. They said they and Vice President Biden lived up to their pledge not to put their “thumb on the scales.”
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest later said Sanders has the right to make campaign decisions on their own timeline. Another former primary candidate, ex-Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, did endorse Clinton, saying "it is time now to unite our party."
Clinton and Obama, along with other party leaders, are eager to bring Sanders – and their supporters – into the fold.
The president's endorsement reflects their desire to unify as the general election battle between Clinton and presumptive rival Trump intensifies.
Sanders acknowledged a common political enemy, railing against Trump in their brief remarks to reporters Thursday afternoon and saying he'll do everything in their power to prevent Trump's election.
As for what they want, Sanders said he'll continue to fight what they called the “drift” toward an oligarchic society. They lamented childhood poverty rates, crushing college debt, crumbling infrastructure and other woes and said these are the issues he'll bring to the Philadelphia convention.
Whether that means a fight to overhaul the party platform – or a last-ditch bid to somehow deny Clinton the nomination – remains to be seen.
One demand Sanders was thought to be considering – as part of a party-unity deal -- is the removal of Democratic boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Sanders and the DNC chairperson have been at odds for months, with Sanders' team long accusing them of helping now-presumptive nominee Clinton.
Whether Sanders sought – and the president would even consider – a Schultz sacrifice is unclear.
“I don't see how they make it through the convention,” one Democratic lawmaker told Fox News. “The key to Hillary winning is getting Sanders supporters on board.”
Speculation over Wasserman Schultz' position has swirled for months, however, and so far they have retained the public support of the White House. Obama also endorsed them earlier this year in their House primary battle.
Asked Wednesday about the possibility of Sanders seeking their removal, Wasserman Schultz said she's not worried about their job.
“I'm going to be remaining as the chair of the Democratic National Committee as President Obama has asked me to do until January 21, 2017, and I appreciate the president's support,” they said.
Do you frequently browse social networking sites when you're at work? Do you also fear getting embarrassed in front of your colleagues or boss for opening inappropriate sites when you really have you be working? Check out these five Firefox extensions that could save you in times of crisis.
1. Panic â€“ Download
At the press of a hot key, this addon closes all opened tabs and opens a new tab that leads to a web page of your choice (by default, a Google search page for â€œIncreasing Workplace Productivityâ€ is opened but it can be altered). Using another hotkey, the previously opened sites can be restored easily.
2. Page Title Eraser â€“ Download
Using this Firefox addon, you can quickly hide tab titles and also the favicon of any tab or all tabs. Just press the hotkey combo Ctrl+Alt+Shift+H to hide the current tab title.
3. Tab Renamizer â€“ Download
In just a flash, Tab Renamizer can rename the title of all your inactive tabs with the press of a hotkey (Ctrl+Shift+Z) by replacing it with random words. Otherwise, you can manually rename a tab by using the F2 key.
4. Faviconize Tab – Download
Shows only the favicon of the current website on its tab title. Just do a Ctrl+Shift+Alt and click on the tab title to reduce the tab title bar to show only the favicon.
5. Minimize To Tray â€“ Download
You can use this addon to minimize Firefox to the system tray instead of the taskbar or minimize to the system tray on closing the window. The pity is that this addon doesn't work in the latest versions of Firefox.
Know of any similar Firefox addons that have saved your privacy in office? Tell us in the comments! Also, make sure that you check out our previous lists of latest and greatest Firefox addons.
Related
Det. Chris Hayduk's job is to act as “quarterback” to the city's highest-risk offenders.
As part of the Edmonton Police Service's behavioural assessment unit, they help monitor 25 to 35 of the most prolific offenders living in the capital, a group of people who have completed their full sentences but are deemed most likely to reoffend and cause significant harm to the community if they do. They are placed under conditions and are supervised by police for up to two years. That court order can be extended.
These are predominantly men who have committed violent acts such as murder and sexual offences against adults and children. In their four years in the unit, Hayduk says they have only ever monitored two women. The oldest person under their radar was 78.
There are 40 high-risk offenders living in Edmonton and 19 in Calgary, according to lists on the Alberta Justice and Solicitor General website. Hayduk said not all those people are being monitored by their unit. The number fluctuates as people move in-and-out of jail and around the country. For example, one man on the list, Michael Stanley, is currently in prison in the United States.
Hayduk is one of three detectives in the unit who regularly meet with these offenders, delving into their lives and monitoring any concerning behaviour they may exhibit during meetings at the police station, and visits to their homes and workplaces.
“We often act like a quarterback in a file, in the sense that we see risk factors evolve, we look at what other resources we need to get involved … they might be intervention or prevention techniques, referrals,” they said.
“We want to make their life as stable as possible because the more stable they are, the less likely they are to offend.”
The unit tries to “short-circuit” an offenders' crime cycle by making sure they're abiding by their conditions, attempting to stop them before they escalate and make another victim.
But it's not always easy to predict when or what a high-risk offenders' next move might be.
Stanley made headlines in 2013 while they were being monitored by the unit after cutting off their ankle tracking bracelet. They fled to the United States while a manhunt was underway.
In May, they were sentenced to 39 years behind bars for raping a 69-year-old woman in Seattle in 2015. The attack was similar to one they committed in Lethbridge in 1988 when they broke into an elderly woman's home while they were sleeping and sexually assaulted them
Almost every one of the people under supervision will end up back in jail at some point for breaching conditions of their peace bond, Hayduk said. Anecdotally, they estimated a third will make changes and won't commit the same sort of serious violent or sexual offence as they did before.
The trouble is that a lot of these offenders don't have the skill-set or stability to keep them out of jail, they said. There are supports in the community, but it's very difficult for highly anti-social people with serious criminal records to access them, they said.
“Our people are pretty entrenched in their criminal lifestyles, so it's something that's a pattern of behaviour that they've exhibited since they were children. … They've got what they needed by being that way, so it's very difficult to break it.
That's why the constant monitoring and management matters in the sense that we can short-circuit those as they happen and involve treatment along the way. There's a chance that we can have some successes with reducing the type of behaviours they have.”
Doug MacLeod, a retired city police officer who served seven years in the behavioural assessment unit and now works at a halfway house, said he's concerned by the continued lack of support for these offenders, especially those who become homeless.
They said the onus shouldn't be put entirely on police to supervise them because no police agency has the funds or resources to do it alone, especially when a higher proportion of them are filtering into Edmonton after being released from the Edmonton Institution, a maximum-security prison.
When the offender is released from custody, many don't have anywhere to go, they said.
One man MacLeod and their team supervised during their time in the unit lived under a bridge. A couple months after being released from prison in November 2007, Kenneth McWatt went on to reoffend, violently assaulting an Edmonton playwright who was disabled.
That was the impetus for police to apply for a three-year grant from the provincial government to fund four beds at a halfway house with 24-seven supervision, programming and counselling services for these offenders, they said. This is the type of program MacLeod believes is needed again.
“The government needs to come up with funding to manage these guys properly because these guys will reoffend,” MacLeod said. “It's really frustrating for someone who has worked in the system, and someone who continues to work in the system, I see so many loopholes that we don't close.”
Alberta Justice said in a statement that the Safe Communities Innovation Fund began in 2008 and wrapped up several years ago. The purpose of the program was to provide organizations with the initial one-time seed funding to test new projects. If programs were deemed successful, organizations had to pursue funding from other sources.
“Supports for high-risk offenders, once they return to the community, are arranged through their community supervisors/probation officers. Their community supervisors/probation officers work closely with police and supports located in the community, to monitor high-risk offenders, assist them in locating and participating in treatment and provide as much support as possible,” the statement said.
When Hayduk first joined the unit, they read all the offenders' case files. They describe them as horrific. “The crimes are terrible. We're talking the top of people that are victimizing other people.”
But after meeting and working with them, they realized “they're people, not monsters.”
“They're people who need help and may or may not have a chance at success. Personally, I'm going to give them what I can, every opportunity to succeed, but my whole motivation … my only goal here is no more victims.”
oellwand@postmedia.com
twitter.com/otiena
An armed Christian organization, Right Wing Extreme, will protect a church that is planning to host an "International Burn a Quran Day" on the ninth anniversary of September 11, the church's pastor said on Tuesday.
The Dove World Outreach Center, in Gainesville, Florida, says it is hosting the event to remember 9/11 victims and to take a stand against Islam. With promotions on its website and Facebook page, the nondenominational church invites Christians to burn the Muslim holy book.
Dove's Facebook page, set up for the September event, has nearly 6,000 fans. The initiative has also drawn critics.
Dove World Outreach Center Pastor Terry Jones has accepted the support of Right Wing Extreme, which they said offered to come to the church with between 500 and 2,000 men on September 11. They described the organization as an armed civilian militia group.
FULL STORY
My icon design workflow
Here are some tips for creating icons — anything from a single colour pictogram to a highly detailed app icon.
There are quite a few details my app design workflow article doesn't cover, specifically relating to icon design. Icons are often where design software is pushed, making full use of vector abilities, masking, and constructive solid geometry. It is for those reasons that icons often require different tools and techniques.
Creation vs styling #
I think it is important to separate vector path creation from styling, because the two main tools I use — Photoshop and Illustrator — have vastly different abilities and strengths.
Photoshop's rendering quality and masking abilities surpass pretty much all design tools, but Illustrator has better and more versatile vector tools. There really is nothing I've used that comes remotely close to Illustrator, for icon path creation.
Thankfully, jumping between the two apps is pretty seamless, so that's what I do. Quick and simple jobs are often built directly in Photoshop, but icon sets or anything complex is created in Illustrator, then moved across to Photoshop for styling by pasting shape layers.
Illustrator for creation. Photoshop for styling and export.
For icons where you have control over the size, the style and line width of your icons should help dictate dimensions. This is because many icons will require a centred line, and you can't centre an odd width line on an even width icon. Conversely, you can't centre an even width line on an odd width icon.
If you're using an even line width, your icons should be even width × even height. If you're using an odd line width, your icons should be odd width × odd height.
And if you can, never mix even and odd dimensions (unless you're feeling crazy and are using a different line width on each axis).
Avoid using high DPI pixels to solve this — using a 1pt (or 1dp) line width and an odd point width icon might seem ok if your primary focus is on Retina devices, but it'll just create a headache for for the 1× and 3× densities.
Your life will be far easier if you consider whole points to be the basis of your grid, and avoid fractional positioning. This means all initial work should be done at 1×.
macOS app icons #
Using a coarse grid can help with app icons. macOS's app icon sizes are all exact multiples, so it's possible to use the 16×16 pixel version of an icon to determine the main object positioning for a 1024×1024 pixel icon. This makes building all sizes far easier. Except for the tiniest versions, you may not need specific size tweaks.
Apple's icons don't quite hit that grid. For some strange reason, they're a couple of pixels off — Safari's icon diameter is 898 pixels, rather than being 896 pixels and aligning to the 1/16th grid perfectly.
Given the benefits, I'm ok with my circular icons being slightly different to Safari, iTunes and other Apple icons. We're only talking about 2 pixels on a 1024 pixel icon. Hitting the grid is far more important. It makes me wonder why Apple chose the size they did though.
iOS app icons #
iOS app icon size don't all correlate like macOS icons do. That makes life a little harder. Here's the full list of pixel dimensions needed today (an even better list can be found in our Bjango App Icon Templates help).
29×29
58×58
60×60
76×76
80×80
87×87
120×120
152×152
167×167
180×180
1024×1024 (App Store)
There's currently 11 sizes required. Starting with the 60px 1× iPhone home icon will let you scale up to 120px and 180px without the need to adjust positions of your artwork. Resisting the urge to initially build at higher fidelity can save loads of time, and help create better, more maintainable work. 1× is awesome. You can always jump to 2×, 3× or 4× when you're ready to fine tune.
Except for specific situations, I'd recommend avoiding Smart Objects, due to the way they scale.
Start with Illustrator #
Apart from being able to work to a 1× grid while viewing full fidelity vectors, Illustrator contains many features that simply don't exist anywhere else. Many features I wouldn't want to live without. That's why I use Illustrator as the starting point for most icons.
Snapping settings #
I don't love Illustrator's pixel snapping behaviour, but turning on View → Snap To Grid and turning off Align New Objects to Pixel Grid gets it pretty close to ideal. That second option can be found in the New Document window, and the fly-out menu of the Transform panel, for existing documents.
If you need to make some sub-pixel adjustments, the move window can be used (Object → Transform → Move, or pressing enter opens it).
Custom tool panel #
Recently, I've been experimenting with using a custom tool panel to remove tools I don't use very often, and expose tools that are normally behind popup menus.
If you're trying to add, subtract or exclude shapes (often referred to as boolean operations or constructive solid geometry), Illustrator's Pathfinder is one of the best executions of the idea in any vector editor.
Of Pathfinder's abilities, I love to Divide the most — It cuts shapes into pieces so each overlapping region is a unique path, making it easy to discard unwanted portions.
Shape Builder #
Shape Builder is newer than Pathfinder, and often faster to use. With some separate, but overlapping shapes and the Shape Builder tool selected, drag to combine, option-drag to subtract.
⇧M selects the Shape Builder tool.
Dynamic round corners #
Illustrator CC 2014 added dynamic round corners, which appear as small handles in all corners. Dragging the handle increases corner radius. This works for all shapes, not just rectangles.
Dynamic round corners allow for creation of shapes that would be difficult or time consuming otherwise. Like many of Illustrator's other features I love, it's more about the convenience than anything else.
If you need more accuracy — and of course you do — exact corner radius values can be entered using Illustrator's control bar.
Warp and Illustrator's other Envelope Distort features can be used to bend, twist and give life to your shapes.
Outline strokes #
I often turn strokes into paths before moving shapes back into Photoshop for styling. Some other design tools have this ability, but not many. It feels like a mandatory for a vector-based design tool.
Variable width strokes #
Illustrator's width tool can alter the stroke width anywhere along a path.
With the Width tool selected (shift-W), double-click a control point to show the options for more precision. Variable width strokes can be used to accurately construct shapes that may be difficult with other methods.
Dashed lines #
Illustrator contains two modes for dashed lines. One aligns dashes to corners, the other preserves dash and gap lengths. Aligning to corners often looks far better, and isn't available in most design tools. Dashes can be converted to paths for use in Photoshop.
Transform each #
Scaling, rotating and moving many objects — as individual objects relative to their own origin — is easy in Illustrator. A simple feature, but one that can save hours of work.
Lasso selections #
When marquee selections don't cut it, lasso selections often do. Lasso selections can be used in conjunction with the ⇧ (add) and ⌥ (subtract) modifiers.
Graphic styles #
I've set up some graphic styles in Illustrator to help work faster. If you're creating an icon set that has similar characteristics across many elements, graphic styles can be a great way to apply styling quickly.
The graphic styles I use are part of my Illustrator screen design template, called Greyprint.
Pixel preview #
The pixel preview in Illustrator absolutely blows. The example below shows why it is a bit of a train wreck. Stray pixels, no gradient dithering, and general jankiness make Illustrator's pixel preview hard to trust. This isn't a big deal, because all my paths end up in Photoshop for styling anyway. It is something to be aware of though. You simply can not trust the pixel preview in Illustrator.
Here's a comparison of the antialiasing in Illustrator's pixel preview vs shape antialiasing in Photoshop. Illustrator's antialiasing is embarrassingly poor.
Those stray pixels are dangerous, too. The dimensions of iOS and macOS interface images need to be exact multiples, so a stray pixel making an image 1px wider or taller could cause issues.
Styling in Photoshop #
Once I have the final icon paths, I usually paste them into Photoshop as shape layers. If you need to transfer many paths across, copying them all in Illustrator and pasting in Photoshop will place them all on a single layer. Selecting a single path and pressing ⇧⌘J in Photoshop moves a path into a new layer, ready for styling.
We created our own templates for our app icons, which are now available for free as the open source Bjango App Icon Templates. They cover Android, iOS, macOS, Apple TV (tvOS), Apple Watch (watchOS), Windows, Windows Phone and web favicons. Where possible, they're set up to automate exporting final production assets.
I do not recommend exporting bitmap images from Illustrator.
And, I don't use PDFs for iOS assets.
To export PNGs and other bitmap images, I typically use slice sheets in Photoshop. There are many benefits, including being able to use a single layer for 10s or 100s of icons, which keeps styling consistent and easy to edit. For more detail, please refer to my app design workflow article.
For exporting SVGs, I use a combination of Affinity Designer, Photoshop's Generator and Illustrator.
This is the second in a series about people who stared down the Great Recession -- and reinvented themselves along the way. Do you have a great Plan B success story? Post it on Open Salon, tag it "My Brilliant Second Career," and we might publish it on Salon -- and pay you for it. A version of this story first appeared on Tiffany Brubeck's Open Salon blog.
It's four o'clock in the morning. I'm slumped in a corner booth at Klein's truck stop. It's been a heck of a night, but I have a wad of cash in my purse and the coffee's hot. Joint's empty, with the exception of a couple old-timers chatting up the counter waiter. All three sneak glances in my direction, uncertain what to make of me. “Too pretty for a lot lizard,” one says, shoveling spoonfuls of gravy into their leathered face. “Why in tarnation a young gal would be out here alone at this hour,” mumbles their buddy between bites of toast. Their gossip is muffled by a deep rumble that rattles the windows. In the darkness, illuminated by hundreds of tiny diesel lights strung along the side of cabs like it's Christmas -- another long, shadowy 18-wheeler slides out onto the interstate.
I've been coming to places like this for long as I can remember. When I was a six-year-old kid growing up in the Ozark mountains, only one thing was more wonderful than Grandpa, and their name was "Betsy,” their '79 Kenworth K100. Climbing up into Betsy's cab the grownup world outside seemed to shrink. I became the Invincible Girl. I'd maneuver the wheel of the motionless truck, imagining the steel beast under my command. I wish I'd held tighter to that six year old -- cultivated their priceless imagination and guarded their innocence with ferocity. But something shifted. Maybe it was jerky school kids who snickered when I boasted Gramps was a trucker, or nasty ankle biters who argued I should be playing with Barbie, not Hot Wheels. Perhaps it was Cliff Huxtable and Jason Seaver, TV dads of the 80s, who arrived home every night before dinner in cable-knit sweaters and never made mommies cry. Whatever it was, by the time I turned eight, I'd determined life as a long-hauler wasn't something to brag about.
Advertisement:
After graduating, I moved out west to work in sales. I mingled on the scenes, networking, and schmoozing clients. I chowed down at swanky restaurants, charged designer clothes, and even leased a fancy convertible. I walked and talked with left-coast confidence, but inside I felt phony. This is California, I assured myself. Everybody assimilates. I soaked up la-la-land like a soppy biscuit. I had no idea what a bellyache it would give me.
One morning in November 2008, the fantasy stopped. I'd fallen behind on my quota for signing up customers to open lines of credit. And when the axe started swinging, I was the first to go. I went home and cried hysterically, partly because I was stuck in debt quicksand with no tree branch in sight, but also because in my gut, I'd known the danger all along. I'd seen the quicksand -- and told myself it was a hot tub. I certainly couldn't ask my folks for help. My grandparents toiled for every dime they ever earned; they wanted a better life for me -- which did not include my sacrificing health insurance so I could afford bigger car payments. After years of dismissing their penny-pinching values as old-fashioned and hokey, I was too humiliated to confess that living high on the hog had eaten me alive.
For the next few months, I wore my pajamas all day long. The streets were tombed quiet while the rest of the world went to work. The mid-afternoon sunlight pouring through the windows was bright enough to cause headaches. And on TV, every commercial peddled the snake oil that will catapult you off your couch and back to success. During that slump of unemployment, I entertained the idea of becoming everything from a court reporter to pastry chef, all while devising a no-fail formula for winning both showcases on "The Price Is Right." But after I waded through all the “GET RICH! CHANGE YOUR LIFE! DIAL NOW!” boob-tube malarkey, I realized sometimes the right path out is to turn your heels and head back the way you came. So I sucked in a deep breath, picked up the phone -- and made a call about becoming a long-haul trucker.
It didn't make sense that trucking was something I should want. That image of a trucker was so different from me -- the flannel clothes and John Deere caps, the greasy fast food gobbled while driving, the conservative, red-state values -- all of that stood in stark contrast to the adult I had become. But then I realized what almost destroyed me was buying into stereotypes -- trying to play a role I thought I needed to play, to be the very picture of what the world deems successful. Heck with that! The truth is that the dream of being a hauler had always been with me, like a soft, faded blanket you tuck in the closet until you're cold. I sailed through my Commercial Driver's License written exam. I've never been my best under pressure -- my skin prickles, and I overthink the simplest questions -- but sitting in that exam room, I had that magical feeling you get when you something you've dreamed about is something you're finally doing.
Outside Klein's Truck Stop, a pale periwinkle sky foretells of the breaking dawn. The old men at the counter have moved on to politics and complaining about the weather. I knock back the last swig of coffee -- truck stop gold, we call it -- and stand to stretch my creaky bones. On my way out, I breeze past the counter, making sure I'm close enough for the menfolk to get a whiff of my perfume.
The chilled morning air feels fresh as I stroll across the parking lot. A disheveled woman approaches to ask if I can spare any change. She's made some bad choices, they say, but she's trying to find their way back home. I tell them I can relate, place 10 bucks in their palm, and wish their good luck. I check the air pressure in the tires and do a quick pre-trip inspection. I climb into the cab of my semi, and then fire up the engine. I'm on a turnaround to Shaky Town -- got a five-hour drive ahead of me, but I should make it to Los Angeles this side of lunchtime.
Advertisement:
The old men swagger outside toward their pickups. Rubbing their bloated stomachs, they cast eyes over the packed lot, taking in the next generation: a convoy of the most diverse truckers in American history. When they spot me warming up, they hoot and whistle, elbowing one another in the ribs. Old leather face removes their cap and makes an exaggerated bow before me, the other shoots me a thumbs up. I smile back, giving them a long bellowing honk before I disappear out onto the highway again.
From Medical Maggots To Stench Soup, 'Grunt' Explores The Science Of Warfare
Enlarge this image Frank Rossoto Stocktrek/Getty Images Frank Rossoto Stocktrek/Getty Images
Science writer Mary Roach is not easily repulsed. While researching their latest book, Grunt, Roach learned all about the medicinal use of maggots in World War I. They also purposely sniffed a putrid scent known as "Who me?" that was developed as an experimental weapon during World War II.
For Roach, it's all in the name of research. "I'm kind of the bottom-feeder of science writing," Roach jokes to Fresh Air's Terry Gross. "I'm just someone who is OK with being very out there with my curiosity."
Roach's curiosity compelled them in previous books to dive deep into the science of cadavers, sex and digestion. Now, in Grunt, they examine the science of warfare — specifically some of the scientific developments that help prevent wounds from becoming infected, and improve the chances that soldiers will endure the heat of the desert and survive explosions.
Interview Highlights
On combating the problem of diarrhea in the military
It's particularly serious among special operations service members — Army Rangers, Navy SEALs, people who are operating off the main bases in quite remote rural areas in villages where there isn't a safe water supply. They may be eating food that's been contaminated by flies, not refrigerated, so they're getting diarrhea at a rate that's twice what the average enlisted person is getting.
Grunt The Curious Science of Humans at War by Mary Roach Hardcover, 285 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
And the average enlisted person — there was a study done, I think it was 2003 to [2004] and they asked people, "How often did you come down with diarrhea, and what kind?" Seventy-some percent had diarrhea — 40 percent bad enough that they sought medical treatment, and 32 percent were in a situation where they couldn't get to a toilet in time.
You could imagine if you were a special operations team, like three or four people going to do some highly classified critical mission where you can't really stop and say, "Hold on, I got to go behind that rock." ...
The researcher that I accompanied at Camp Lemonnier [in Djibouti] is Capt. Mark Riddle, who is with the Navy, and he's looking at a better treatment regimen for traveler's diarrhea, which can really put you out of commission for a while. He's looking at a one-dose regimen, rather than three or four days; it was something that you could take, and within the day start to be feeling better and be over it.
On maggots used to clean and heal wounds during WWI
This was a battlefield in World War I, and there was a medical man, William Baer, with the French expeditionary forces, and they noticed that a couple of their patients had come in with these wounds on the legs and on the genitals. They had been out in the field for seven days. They'd been lying there, they were brought in, and the wounds were infested with maggots. ...
Initially there was that revulsion of, "Oh my God we've got to clean them out." And they did clean them out, and then what they saw was this beautiful pink, new, fresh tissue that had grown in.
The maggots had been impressively effective at debriding the wound — that is, eating the dead tissue — which is important in wound healing. You want to let the fresh tissue have a chance to grow. The dead tissue doesn't get blood; it doesn't heal. It stands in the way of healing.
The maggots also seemed to prevent infection ... so it was this kind of miraculous feat that the maggots had achieved. And William Baer some years later, back in civilian life, they kept thinking about this and they thought, "I'm going to try this." There were some children with bone infections — it was TB infection of the bone — and they tried the maggots, and it worked.
You can imagine that was a fairly brave thing to do, to place maggots in these children's wounds. But they were wounds that had not responded to other treatment or surgery, and it actually worked. There's work going on still today with maggot therapy, as it's called. Actually, the FDA has approved maggots as a medical device. ... I can actually tell you the Medicare reimbursement number for maggots.
On the problem of using maggots in modern hospitals
Not only is there a revulsion factor that you have to overcome with the staff — the nurses are going to have to go in — you're going to have to clean the maggots out after a couple of days. You don't want them to pupate, become flies, because you think, flies flying around a hospital is the last thing you would ever want, because a fly can spread disease from landing on material in the bathroom and then landing on a wound. It's the last thing you'd want in a hospital, so you have to be careful using maggots. ...
They're not any old maggots. They're a particular kind of bottle fly. They're from a company called Medical Maggots. They come with a dosage card — it's something like five to eight maggots per such-and-such square centimeters. ... They come in a vial, kind of like drugs. You don't want to just sort of attract any kind of fly to come and lay eggs in a wound. That would be a little dicey. ... You need a prescription, though!
On the usage of stink bombs during WWII
I use the term "stink bomb" sort of casually ... this was more specifically a ... squirtable spray, or a smearable paste. The idea was to get this very simple, cheap weapon into the hands of resistance organizations. People in occupied countries — France, China — give it to them, and they would surreptitiously approach officers, German or Japanese officers, and squirt this little 2-inch tube of this very heavily researched and tested, very foul-smelling odor, which was nicknamed "Who Me?" as in "Who dealt it." So it was a kind of surreal and bizarre chapter in the history of World War II. ...
The thought was to give motivated citizens things that they could easily and cheaply used to undermine morale, to isolate, humiliate these officers. It's a very small gesture; it wasn't going to turn the tide of war. And in fact, "Who Me?" — this smell paste — was never deployed. The project went on for two years. And a lot of testing went on, because of a tremendous amount of difficulty with the delivery system. The tubes tended to leak and dribble, and then the operator, themselves or herself, would have this stench on their hand. ... It was a bit of a fiasco.
On the ongoing research to find a universal bad smell for stink bombs
There's still work that goes on. Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia has done work over the years on malodorants. They created one called "Stench Soup." ...The Joint Non-Lethal Weapons Directorate, back in the '90s, commissioned them to come up with a universally loathed scent, because there are some cultural differences. They actually looked into different cultural reactions to the scent of vomit, of burned hair, of dirty feet, all of these different odors to see, "Can we find one that is universally loathed?" And then we could use that in any military setting, in any country, in any culture. It's very hard to do. If you don't know what you are smelling — for example, butyric acid, depending on the context, may smell like smelly feet or it may smell like Parmesan cheese, just completely depends on the context, whether you think it smells good or bad. ...
I actually have, in a box in my closet, a sample of "stench soup." It's in a bottle that is double bagged and sealed with paraffin and packed in a box and I haven't had the courage to open up, because the last time I opened up something that came from the Monell Chemical Senses Center, which was an old archival sample of "Who Me?" and I opened it up out on the deck, it was quite some time before anybody could go out on the deck. I actually gagged. As you can imagine, I'm not easily repulsed or ... disgusted.
Chapter 1 - Introduction
Intro to Tactics, Techniques, & Procedures for Arma 3 (TTP3)
Welcome!
Greetings, and welcome to the Arma 3 "Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures Guide", developed for Shack Tactical and published in cooperation with Bohemia Interactive. I'd like to take a few minutes to talk about this guide, how it came to be, what's different between it and my prior guides for the Arma series, as well as all sorts of other preamble topics. Please bear with me for a bit – I believe that there are some important things to convey before we dive into the heart of the guide.
Intent
Greetings! My name is Andrew Gluck, though you most likely know me by my online nick of Dslyecxi. I am the founder of the Arma community Shack Tactical, a community which has acted as the inspiration for this guide and each prior guide in the series. Over the course of our nearly eight years of existence, Shack Tactical – commonly shortened to just 'ShackTac' – has attempted to answer the question of how best to approach Arma and how best to harness the potential inherent in the series. Since the original Operation Flashpoint, this series has stood out as an incredibly deep and rewarding simulation, one deserving of the time we've collectively poured into learning, refining, and enjoying.
My tactical guides have been created with the intention of spreading this knowledge beyond the confines of ShackTac, with the hope that the lessons we've learned and the doctrine we've created for ourselves will help to bring better gameplay experiences to anyone else operating in the environments of Arma. Having our guides – which we refer to simply as "the TTP" – has allowed us to acquire a community-wide understanding of military operations within Arma, regardless of whether any given participant had a military background. This has given us fantastic gaming experiences for many years, and it's my hope that this third iteration of our TTPs will help to spread this potential to a broad new Arma 3 playerbase.
You'll note that unlike my prior guides, TTP3 is an official product of Bohemia Interactive, available as part of the Arma 3 Deluxe Edition as well as in print and e-book formats. In addition to those formats, I'd like to thank them for graciously agreeing to allow me to offer a web version of the core of the guide - some 130,000 words - for free. The information contained herein is something every Arma player should have access to free of charge - not locked away in our private forums or as a pay-only product. It is truly commendable, and I thank them for supporting the vision!
This guide is available for all who have the time to read it - it is offered up warmly, with the hope that everyone can take something from it in some capacity. A strong Arma community benefits us all, and if this guide helps facilitate that in any capacity, I will consider it to be a great success!
As always, note that this guide is not "the only way to do it". It is, however, the way that ShackTac does things, and it works exceptionally well for us. Hopefully you can find a use for this guide in your gaming as well!
What's New & Different
With Arma 3, we see the series further enhanced and refined - with a particular focus on the infantry aspects of it. These changes in game mechanics, technology, and other aspect of the simulation environment were the inspiration to take the existing second iteration of my TTP Guide, update it, integrate the lessons we collectively learned in Arma 2 and Operation Arrowhead, and both refine and expand the content to cover Arma 3's possibilities as well.
Since Arma 2's release in 2009, ShackTac has had over four years worth of gaming experiences to learn and grow from. We've seen some incredible changes in the series from that time – from Operation Arrowhead's release, to game-changing modifications like the Advanced Combat Radio Environment mod – and have adapted our own methods accordingly.
If you're familiar with my prior guide, you'll no doubt find plenty of familiar work here, updated to Arma 3 standards and refined to reflect our experiences in the intervening years. One of the biggest changes is the reorganization of our group structure. In 2009 we were platooned strength - in 2013 and beyond, we operate at the company level. Our infantry platoons have been reworked for a variety of reasons, detailed within, while we see a new set of roles emerge with our Company Commander, as well as changes to how our Platoon Commanders operate and how our attachments and crew-served weapons teams are employed.
Arma 3's infantry-centric improvements manifest themselves most strongly in the Basic Infantryman chapter, which goes into detail about the new inventory systems, weapon and gear modularity, stance adjustments, and much more. The enhancements don't stop there - each chapter has been carefully reviewed and refined, with obsolete techniques culled and new ones introduced.
For those who have purchased the full guide, you'll find an additional chapter containing several more advanced concepts - from a guide on Survival, Escape, Resistance, & Evasion, to a role breakdown of Combat Engineers, Paratroopers, and Combat Divers, as well as information on Guerrilla Warfare, Reconnaissance, and how to Fight at Night. I'm very proud of these sections, and I hope those who chip in for a Deluxe guide enjoy reading them as much as I did create them.
All told, this guide has ended up as about 150,000 words worth of content, with hundreds of pictures and illustrations to further flesh it out. As before, there is no military fluff here. Every topic covered is truly relevant to the series - whether in the vanilla game or in one of countless community modifications or missions.
Reality vs Gaming
Milsim & pitfalls
As before, the point of this guide is to convey material that truly is relevant to Shack Tactical's style of realism-combined-with-fun combat simulation. This is the sort of information that our players use every session to work as a well-oiled and diverse team. We have maintained a very pragmatic outlook on military simulation (milsim) and have taken every measure possible to avoid doing things "because the real military does them" and thus becoming what we call "hardcore milsim".
In our eyes, hardcore milsim is chock-full of "tactical fluff" that is irrelevant to the games at hand. This hardcore milsim typically presents itself though excessive rules, regulations, attempted recreations of full military rank structures far beyond what is relevant in the scope of your average Arma mission, doing things "because the real military does them" regardless of their actual application to the game at hand, and other things that we believe do not have a place in these games.
This guide reflects that mindset as well. One thing that I noticed back before doing my first guide was that military-game guides commonly fell victim to two pitfalls - the first being the recitation of actual military publications, without any attempt to separate the wheat (info relevant to gaming) from the chaff (military or real-world procedures that are irrelevant or not simulated in games). Now, don't get me wrong - there are many things that can be learned from military publications and field manuals, and this guide benefits heavily from being referenced against a number of such manuals. However, this is not a recitation of them word-for-word, as that would be pointless. The information presented here is what is truly relevant to the game, as we have experienced through our years of gaming.
Another thing that must be kept in mind is that the kind of missions most commonly found in games like Arma – in the real world – require a massive amount of planning and preparation by well-trained professional military personnel well before the first shot is ever fired. The goal of groups like ShackTac is to be able to play to the best of our ability without requiring such huge time-sinks in the pre-mission planning. Basically, we want to get the best results we can without having to spend hours in advance planning out each operation. Planning is great, but we strive to keep the initial planning short and sweet - minutes at most - and further develop our plans as we carry out the mission. After all, as the saying goes: "No plan survives first contact".
The second pitfall is that of being "gamey". "Gamey" guides are those that are oriented around giving very precise info about things in a fashion that takes advantage of knowledge that would not exist in reality - for example, a list of tanks, their armor values, and the precise 'damage' values of anti-tank weapons. These "gamey" guides also tend to give tactics that are meant to exploit the game itself. I don't believe in those types of guides, so if that is what you're fond of, my apologies - you won't find it here.
Fun is the Ultimate goal
Finally, it is worth reiterating that we are playing games here. The point is to have fun - in our case, we strive for organized, disciplined fun. We are not trying to pretend that we're in the military - many of us have already been there, done that, or are still there and doing that. We're in ShackTac and playing Arma to have a good time. We're a community of friends, ultimately, and this guide is written in that spirit.
A Technical Note
The online version of this guide was developed with Google Chrome and likely looks the best in it. Also note that there is a sidebar on each page of the guide - simply click the 'Index' bar on the left to expand or collapse it.
With that out of the way - best of luck to all of you as you delve into both this guide and Arma 3 itself!
Typo correction feature in Adblock Plus · 2012-11-21 16:40 by Wladimir Palant
Update: All the issues noted in the comments have been addressed, the next list update should resolve them. I closed the comments here because I cannot realistically reply to everybody – please use our forum instead.
Lots of Adblock Plus users were complaining about unintentionally landing on web pages that tried to use their mistake by either showing ads to them or even by installing malware. We heard you and thought up a way to fix that. A few months ago we took over the development of the URL Fixer extension and made some substantial improvements. Now this functionality is ready for prime time and has been added to Adblock Plus 2.2.
Enabling typo corrections
This is opt-in functionality, it won't be enabled by default — it appears that many of our users simply don't use the address bar any more. However, the first time you mistype something you will be asked whether you want to enable typo corrections. If you click “No” this message will not come up again. Of course you can also just enable (or disable) that feature in the Filter Preferences dialog.
Note that Adblock Plus won't be able to recognize typos immediately. Unlike URL Fixer it doesn't come with a database of “correct” domain names, it has to download it first. This should normally happen within 5 minutes after the extension installation or update.
Wrong corrections
Adblock Plus does make occasional mistakes when correcting typos. It can happen that you type in a correct domain name that is very similar to another one which also happens to be more popular. In this situation Adblock Plus might mistakenly correct the address you typed in. Simply click “No” when asked whether the typo was recognized correctly and this domain will be added to your whitelist.
Want to help? URL Fixer extension allows you to send us some data including which corrections you marked as wrong (more information). You have to opt into data collection in the URL Fixer options after installing it. The data we receive from you is fully anonymized and processed by the server automatically in order to create better correction rules.
Note that installing URL Fixer automatically disables the typo correction feature in Adblock Plus.
Monetization
The typo correction feature is an additional revenue source for the Adblock Plus project. So if you don't want to support us then you should make extra sure it is disabled. Otherwise this is nothing to worry about.
Whenever typo correction brings you to the site of a large online shop an affiliate ID will be added to the address. This makes sure that if you buy something there we get a small amount of money from the shop. But for you this changes absolutely nothing.
Commenting is closed for this article.
After a poor start to the season, Washington quarterback Kirk Cousins has managed to find their rhythm and build up some momentum. He's put together a string of solid-but-unspectacular performances with flashes of progression and the occasional mishap along the way.
An argument often made against Cousins is that they fail to win against good teams. On Sunday, they faced the top-ranked Vikings defense, without star left tackle Trent Williams and the team's best deep threat, wide receiver DeSean Jackson. Despite that, Cousins put on another solid performance and helped guide Washington to victory.
One of the encouraging themes from Cousins's performance on Sunday was their patience in the pocket. There were plays that they made against the Vikings that I don't think they would have made last year or maybe even earlier this season.
On this play, Washington runs a corner-flat route combination with the receiver on the outside clearing space with a go route.
This type of route combination typically asks the quarterback to read from deep to shallow, meaning Cousins would initially look for tight end Jordan Reed on the deeper corner route before coming back down to their other tight end, Vernon Davis, in the flat. But Reed gets jammed at the line of scrimmage for a significant amount of time. That really disrupted their route, meaning they aren't in sync with Cousins's drop.
Quarterbacks like to throw in rhythm, so Cousins would normally like to be looking to release the throw as their back foot plants at the top of their drop, or after taking a hitch step. But because the Vikings were able to jam Reed for so long, the timing on this play is completely thrown off. Cousins takes a hitch step and appears to look to check it down to Davis, even going as far as to load up their weight on their back foot, ready to drive off of it on their throw.
But then Cousins takes another hitch step and goes back to Reed, noticing that they are even with their defender and has better leverage. Cousins adjusts themselves and then delivers a strike to Reed on the corner route for a big completion.
Personally, I think that Cousins doesn't make that throw last year. Even earlier this season, Cousins often took the check-down option early in the play despite having time in the pocket to allow plays to develop. They displayed this patience later in the game too.
This isn't too dissimilar from the concept we saw on the last play. Like before, a receiver runs a go route to clear out the defense for an out-flat route combination. On the back side of the play, wide receiver Pierre Garcon runs a dig route. The Vikings line up showing a heavy blitz from the left side of the offensive line.
Feeling a blitz coming, Cousins works to their right, knowing the flat route is the hot route if the blitz arrives quickly. Despite the Vikings blitzing to the left side of the line, the offensive line picks it up relatively well. Cousins is afforded time to wait for routes to develop.
They read the out route from Jamison Crowder, but the defender sticks tight to Crowder as they cut outside. Instead of panicking under the pressure of the blitz and checking it down to the flat, Cousins calmly works back to their left and finds Garcon cutting inside on the dig route for a first down.
In previous games, Cousins has felt the need to get the ball out of their hands as quickly as they could when they sense a blitz coming. But Cousins is now learning to trust their protection and be more patient, allowing routes to develop down the field for bigger completions.
Another part of that play I want to highlight is the subtle movements in the pocket that helped Cousins buy a little bit of extra time.
As Cousins reaches the top of their drop, notice how they take their hitch step forward and slightly to their right, away from the blitz. That subtle movement took them maybe a yard or two further inside and away from the rush, but it was needed. As Cousins releases their throw, a Vikings defender breaks through the protection and lands a hit on Cousins, bringing them down to the ground. Had Cousins not taken that step inside, the defender might have been able to disrupt the throw.
That type of subtle movement in the pocket has been a strength of Cousins's game in recent weeks. He's done well to step up in the pocket, allowing the tackles to run edge defenders past him. He's also taken opportunities to break the pocket and extend plays when needed.
The Vikings blitz the left side of the offensive line again on this play. As Cousins reaches the top of their drop, they feel the pressure arriving, but also a lane developing. Cousins steps up in the pocket and then breaks out of it as they roll out to their right. They keep their eyes down the field the whole time, looking for an open receiver. Wide receiver Ryan Grant starts to make a move to give Cousins an option, but is brought down after the ball was thrown.
These are all positive signs for Cousins, but that's not to say he's been flawless. They had a throw in the red zone early on that could have drastically changed the game.
Here, Cousins initially looks to their right, but quickly recognizes there is nobody open. They begin to work back to Jordan Reed over the middle, but the pass protection breaks down and pressure arrives. Instead of just throwing the ball away or taking a sack, Cousins makes a terrible decision and lofts up a panicked throw to Reed. Two Vikings defenders converge on the ball and end up running into each other, allowing the pass to fall incomplete.
It's a poor decision that could have changed the game entirely. Washington scored a touchdown on the next play, but wouldn't have been able to do so had that ball been intercepted as it should have been. That play could, and probably should, have taken seven points off the board in a game that was only won by six.
These poor decisions are too much of a common occurrence in Cousins's game. While they are improving in this aspect at least in my opinion, they still have one or two of these types of throws a game, which is too often.
But overall, Cousins looks much better now than they did at the start of the season. They appear to be more in sync with their receivers and trusting their protection more. They already seem to have a good connection with undrafted free agent wide receiver Maurice Harris, who spent most of the season on the practice squad and is unlikely to have had many repetitions with the starting quarterback.
Harris lines up in the slot on this play and runs a deep out route.
Many quarterbacks in the league would wait for a receiver to make their cut before delivering the ball to a player that they haven't had many reps with. But Cousins shows a lot of trust in Harris on this play. They begin their delivery as Harris makes their cut and then fires a perfect throw on a rope to where only Harris can make the catch. Harris repays the faith shown in them by Cousins with a good catch while tapping both feet in bounds to complete the catch.
Being in sync with their receivers means Cousins can take more command of the offense. Back in Week 1, Washington had a run play called but Cousins spotted a cornerback playing off coverage against DeSean Jackson. Cousins gave Jackson a signal to run a route.
Cousins expects Jackson to run a slant route, while Jackson actually runs a hitch route.
That disconnect between Cousins and Jackson nearly results in an interception, as the ball is thrown straight to the corner, but fortunately they drop it.
After nearly throwing an interception, it would be understandable if Cousins was reluctant to make a call at the line of scrimmage like that for a while. But against the Vikings, they gave Pierre Garcon the exact same signal.
Like before, Washington originally called for a run play. The corner is playing press coverage against Garcon, but Cousins still likes the look and gives Garcon the signal.
Garcon was on the same page as Cousins and ran the slant. Cousins puts the ball right on them and allows them to turn up the field and pick up a few extra yards after the catch.
Those types of plays take some advanced-level quarterbacking, but also complete trust in the receiver to be on the same page. When they do work out, they result in easy yards for the offense that can put them in better positions in second and third downs.
Cousins still has plenty of progress to make before I'm ready to call them a franchise quarterback worthy of a huge contract. But they are showing steady signs of improvement. The key moving forward will be how much they can cut down on those one or two terrible decisions each game. If they can manage to do that without resorting to conservative check-downs, then he'll put themselves in good position for a big contract in the offseason.
Mark Bullock is The Insider's Outsider, sharing their Redskins impressions without the benefit of access to the team. For more, click here.
More from The Post:
Sizing up the Redskins' opponent, the Green Bay Packers
Mailbag: What to expect from Cravens, Jones and Cousins
Snap counts: The line stands out | OLB rotation is working
More: Redskins | Best photos | Our NFL coverage | Fantasy football
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @MasterTes
Not all Indian footballers are lucky enough to get observed by talent scouts that belong to the Premier League. Komal Thatal is one fine example.  They are the Indian u-17 football team's trusted midfielder and has impressed selectors not only in India but around the world. In doing that, they have attracted the attention of top-rung Premier League club Manchester United's scouts. PTI It is widely reported that talent scouts from the club are in India to keep an eye on him.
AFP
Thatal was born into a family of tail0rs and started playing football much early in life - at the age of four.
If one has to believe a report on Times Now, they will be training at Old Trafford to train at the club's Youth Academy.
Don't Miss 765 SHARES 1.3 K SHARES 127 SHARES 176 SHARES
Each year, we come across a variety of colourful, intriguing and exciting images that illustrate the fantastic research being done by physicists worldwide. In fact, the images are so fascinating that we do an “Image of the day” post on Physics World‘s Facebook page every day. Below are 10 of our favourite images from 2013 – from spiky nano-tubes to ancient light that has travelled for more than nine billion light-years to reach us. These awe-inspiring images that span across all physics and we hope you enjoy them
The colourful ribbons in the micrograph pictured above show a new alloy developed by researchers in the US that, once deformed, will automatically return to its original shape when heated. “Shape-memory” alloys are reversible phase-change materials that can exist in two crystal-lattice structures: one that is more stable above a certain transition temperature and the other favoured at lower temperatures. The picture shows the meandering patterns of its domain boundaries that form and change as the metal morphs. The snaking boundaries led the researchers to jokingly christen the new structure “riverine”. While this is not the first such shape-memory metal, the latest material can go through 16,000 shape-shifting cycles without significant degradation – making it far more robust than existing materials.
The odds that two people will have identical fingerprints is about 64 billion to 1, which is why law-enforcement agencies rely on fingerprint evidence. But often, more than 90% of crime-scene fingerprint images are not of good enough quality to clearly identify an individual. In July this year, researchers in the UK and France developed a new and extremely sensitive method for visualizing fingerprints left on metal surfaces such as guns, knives and bullet casings. The technique utilizes colour-changing fluorescent films and can be used to complement existing forensic processes. Above is the image of a fingerprint left on stainless steel that has been enhanced by electrodeposition. The light regions are stainless steel that is protected by the sweat residue that was laid on top. The dark regions are the polymer in between the fingerprint sweat without the fluorescence switched on.
In case you were wondering why the image above is a bit blurry, you will have to forgive the Hubble Space Telescope – it is not easy to capture light that has travelled from when the universe was still young and only a fraction of its current age. The fiery ring you see above is the most distant gravitational lens seen to date and it is at a colossal distance of 9.4 billion light-years from us. The chance discovery was made by an international team of astronomers and it not only allowed the researchers to directly measure the mass of the distant galaxy that caused the lensing, but has also led to questions about the more distant object (which is an even more impressive 11 billion light-years away) the light from which was lensed. The magnified object is a type of dwarf galaxy that is thought to be rare. The chances that such a peculiar galaxy would be gravitationally lensed are small and its observation suggests that current theories have underestimated the number of such galaxies in the early universe.
The psychedelic illusory-motion illustration above had all of us at Physics World dizzy. The image, which is adapted from the “Rotating Snakes” visual illusion created by Akiyoshi Kitaoka, is a 2D space-filling bearing configuration with 31 rotor discs that was studied by a team of physicists based in Switzerland and Brazil. The researchers were investigating a “2D space-filling bearing”, which consists of a hierarchical distribution of successively smaller rotating 2D discs nestled into the spaces between larger ones. Surprisingly, the team found that such networks of rotating bearings can recover more easily from perturbations to their harmonious motion if the masses of the individual discs are proportional to their radii.
Two physicists in the US have been frothing with excitement at having created a new mathematical model to describe the complex evolution of foamy bubbles – something that has proved fiendishly difficult to model thanks to the hugely varying length and timescales involved. The researchers separated the various processes that determine the evolution of foam according to the different length and timescales at which they occur, and have created a model for bulk foam dynamics. The duo also developed a set of equations, which the researchers used to create a movie that simulates how light would reflect off a small foam sample as its bubbles rearrange. The image above consists of snapshots from the movie – the researchers picked a “beach scene” as a backdrop so that they could visualize how well their model replicates what would be seen in real life.
2013 is the year when Oxford Dictionaries chose “selfie” as its word of the year. In light of that, we could not resist including this rather excellent selfie of researcher Michael de Podesta, from the National Physical Laboratory in the UK, who recounts the six-year experiment where they and their colleagues have made the most accurate measurement yet of the Boltzman constant – a result that will help redefine the kelvin. De Podesta's image above – which shows them photographing themselves in one half of a nearly spherical resonator used to measure the Boltzmann constant – even made the August cover of print edition of Physics World. In case you were wondering, the team's new estimate of k B is 1.380 651 56 (98) × 10–23 J K–1, where the (98) represents the uncertainty in the last two digits.
A quick glance at the image above might leave you wondering where exactly the physics comes into play. But look close and you will notice the four microphones placed in the centre of the magnificent Lausanne Cathedral. This is part of the set-up of an international team of researchers that was studying how the shape of a room could be determined simply by making a sound and listening to the corresponding echoes. The team developed an algorithm that uses sound to work out the dimensions of any room with flat, protrusion-free walls. The system comprises a single loudspeaker to create the sound and four microphones placed anywhere in the room to capture the echoes. The algorithm examines the sounds recorded by the four microphones together and works out which come from the same wall. The size and shape of the room can then be calculated from the arrival time at each microphone of all the first-order echoes. In fact, the researchers' algorithm worked so well that they were able to use it to determine the cathedral's dimensions – a large space that has a domed ceiling and numerous protrusions such as pillars and large statues, and is in no way flat!
The bright and abstract colours you see above may seem like modern art, but the image actually shows tiny boomerang-shaped colloidal particles whizzing about in water. An international team of researchers finds that particles that are clearly non-spherical – such as a boomerang-shaped particle – show a preferred direction of motion, at least initially. The researchers studied the boomerang's Brownian motion using a video camera and their observations showed that, for the first minute, each of the boomerangs moved in the direction of a line bisecting its arms. The image above depicts the trajectory of a boomerang particle in water. Starting from the top of the image, the blue line tracks the point at the base of the boomerang where the arms meet and the red line tracks the “centre of hydrodynamic stress” – a point along the axis bisecting the angle of the arms. The boomerang itself is shown in yellow.
From the Romans to the studio artists of today, glass blowing is as much an art form as it is a technical discipline. In the same spirit as this creative lineage, a group of researchers in Switzerland has invented a technique for creating nano-sized capillary tubes of bespoke sizes. In the image above you can see how the researchers alter the ends of ultrathin quartz tubes, from 200 nm to a few nanometres, by careful remoulding them using a scanning electron microscope. The technique could have industrial applications, including use in ultra-high-precision printers, as well as in medical applications.
This year, our July magazine was a special issue that dealt with the “physics of cancer”, where we looked at the growing number of physicists who are looking at our fundamental understanding of cancer using physics. Cancer researchers used to look at cells under the microscope by mounting them onto glass slides – a 2D environment. But now that they realize that the physical environment significantly affects the behaviour of cancer cells, scientists are looking again at the properties of cancer cells, this time suspended in 3D gel-like environments that more closely resemble the physical environment within the human body. Previous studies have shown that cells move in 2D using protein clusters known as focal adhesions, and it had been widely assumed that the 2D results translate to 3D. However, this confocal-microscopy image from their lab shows a human cancer cell within a 3D matrix of collagen using an altogether different mechanism: several cell-membrane protrusions known as pseudopodia (green) probe their surroundings before selecting and pulling on a collagen fibre, a process repeated in quick succession that allows the cell to move through its 3D environment. You can see more images and find out about what else physicists are doing to tackle cancer by downloading a free PDF version of the magazine.
Mars Society founder Robert Zubrin scoffs at the ridiculously complicated and expensive missions that planners keep proposing for getting humans to the Red Planet. Zubrin says that if we decided to go today, we could be there in seven years with a program of Mars exploration that is relatively inexpensive.
Zubrin gave a talk Saturday as part of the Mars Fest at the Museum of Flight in Seattle. They said that it's important for us to explore Mars.
“Mars is the closest planet to us that has on it all of the resources needed to support life and therefore civilization,” they noted.
A short time-line is critical, according to Zubrin, who says if we set a goal to get to Mars in 30 years it will never happen.
“In 1961 John F. Kennedy committed us to get to the Moon by the end of the decade, and we were there eight years later,” they said. “If in fact John F. Kennedy had instead committed us to get to the moon not by 1970, but by 1990 or the turn of the century, we never would have made it.” New political regimes change the plans, and often existing efforts are scrapped.
Zubrin has a plan for getting to Mars, called Mars Direct. They say it won't take some sort of super rocket to get to there, and that we can do it with technology we have now using an approach they call “lift and throw and let it go,” using a rocket with a second booster stage.
“That's how we've done every real, unmanned planetary mission to date, and that's how we did the Apollo missions to the Moon,” Zubrin noted. “None of these missions beyond lower orbit have ever been done by lifting things up to an orbiting spaceport and transferring them to a Battlestar Galactica-class interplanetary spaceship using a plasma drive that's been refueled and refurbished in the orbiting navy yard.
“If we can lift and throw the payloads to the planet, right there you've gone 90 percent of the way towards taking the mission out of this sort of science fiction future, and putting it in our world of real engineering,” they added.
Since a great deal of the mass of a Mars mission would be fueled for getting back home to Earth, Zubrin suggests we “travel light and live off the land,” sending the return rocket to Mars in 2016, two years ahead of the human explorers, and using chemistry to create methane and oxygen there. When people arrive for an 18-month stint, their return vehicle is ready to go. Every two years you send another return vehicle along with a human exploration crew. Radiation, solar flares, and zero gravity all can be dealt with, they said.
Zubrin has tremendous passion for the idea of human exploration of Mars. They said it's important to answer the question of whether there was life on Mars, but also whether there will be life there.
“Mars is not just an object of scientific inquiry,” they contended. “It is that. It's a very important object of scientific inquiry. It is the Rosetta Stone for letting us know the truth about the potential diversity and prevalence of life in the universe. But that is not all it is.
“What Mars actually is, fundamentally, is a world. It is a planet with a surface area equal to all the continents of the Earth put together. It has on it all of the resources needed to support life and civilization. If we can learn how to use those resources, we can make Mars habitable.”
That wouldn't happen overnight. Rather, Zubrin said our generation has the chance to make Mars intellectually habitable.
“If we can go to Mars and develop the craft of making use of Mars' resources,” they said, “then Mars becomes a place where human beings can support themselves, and where a new branch of human civilization can develop and grow, and in the fullness of time grow in size and extent and technological and industrial capability where it can begin to address the question of the actual physical transformation of Mars.
“By so doing we set into motion the process where we not only bring life to Mars, we bring Mars to life.”
America, Zubrin says, needs the challenge.
“To say that we can't do it, that we have to wait for futuristic developments, is just to say that we have become less than the kind of people we used to be, and that is something that I think this country cannot afford,” they concluded.
After the talk Zubrin signed copies of their book, The Case for Mars: The Plan to Settle the Red Planet and Why We Must. The book spells out Mars Direct in detail. A Wikipedia entry gives a good summary with lots of technical information.
Queensland Government slams Defence plans for compulsory acquisition of graziers' land
Posted
The Queensland Government has condemned Federal Government plans to compulsorily acquire its properties for the expansion of a military base in the region.
The Defence Department is aiming to take over a number of prime cattle properties around Shoalwater Bay, near Rockhampton in central Queensland.
But the Queensland Government is calling for the Commonwealth to find alternatives to the proposal.
Queensland Agriculture Minister Bill Byrne said their Government was not made aware of the extent of land required under the deal, and that it would devastate the beef industry in the state.
"[The Defence Department] has tried to hide behind the shiny bauble of $1 million into regional Queensland economies," they said.
"Fundamentally it appears for construction work and property acquisitions at the expense of potentially taking 100,000 cattle out of the Queensland beef sector.
"You're theoretically pulling out $100 million worth of cattle production out of Queensland for the sake of a short-term boost."
About 50 graziers, some of whom have been on the land for generations, have received notices their land may be compulsorily acquired by the Federal Government.
The land is needed as part of Australian Defence Force plans to accommodate more than 14,000 Singaporean troops who will train in the region.
The Queensland Government has also accused Defence Minister Marise Payne of not being completely transparent about the extent of land resumptions.
"Most disturbing is the deliberate deception in the way in which I look at it," Mr Byrne said.
"[The Defence Department] haven't been open and honest since day one, and when they finally decide to be honest they send a letter to graziers."
Farmers oppose land acquisition
The National Farmers Federation also strongly opposes the move, arguing that forcing farmers off productive land is unfair.
"This is very productive agricultural land, it is an integral part of the beef supply chain," chief executive Tony Mahar said.
"Take it out of the equation and we've got up to 60,000 head of cattle that would have to go somewhere else and would just have such an impact on not only those communities but the broader big supply chain in Australia.
"It's really disappointing and disconcerting to the farmers in that area that the Government thinks they can just waltz in and take it out from underneath them."
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk has requested that Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull host the first COAG meeting of the year in Rockhampton so they can see first hand the effect compulsory land acquisitions would have on graziers.
"The Federal Government has gone through, acquired land without consulting the local people," Ms Palaszczuk said.
"It's not good enough and I want to hear first hand from those cattle producers what they think of the Federal Government's decision."
Defence Ms Payne was not available for interview, but issued a statement saying the Defence Department was yet to finalise a deal.
"Our agreement with Singapore will bring significant economic benefits to the Townsville and Rockhampton regions and provide enhanced training facilities for the Australian Defence Force," the statement read.
'It's been crafted and manipulated'
But Mr Byrne said the process had been handled appallingly.
"It's been crafted and manipulated for an electoral purpose — the level of transparency has been appalling from the Federal Government," they said.
"I don't know whether it's a deliberate conspiracy or it's just ineptitude — probably the second.
"Every time I hear a federal politician talk about the national interest, you can be sure of one thing — it's not in the community's interest."
Topics: defence-forces, rural, beef-cattle, community-development, agribusiness, federal---state-issues, activism-and-lobbying, shoalwater-4702, rockhampton-4700, qld, australia
Recent Examples on the Web
Frost wants to bring back the physicality and player development that spawned championships in the program's 1990s heyday. Eric Olson, The Seattle Times, "Wisconsin gives West hope of challenging B10 East dominance," 14 Aug. 2018
Heading into this series, the Cavs felt their seven-game slugfest against Indiana had prepared them for this level of physicality and tenacity. Chris Fedor, cleveland.com, "Cleveland Cavaliers get another taste of Indiana Pacers' blueprint, as Boston Celtics copy it en route to Game 1 blowout," 14 May 2018
Working on action movies like Avengers: Infinity Wars and Deadpool 2show that physicality has limits. Bryan Alexander, USA TODAY, "Happy Father's Day, Josh Brolin: Why the 'Sicario' star is nervous about having a baby girl," 17 June 2018
There's a physicality and vocal aura that Brandon Lee imbued the character with that seems to transcend film and take on an almost supernatural quality. Richard Newby, The Hollywood Reporter, "Why 'The Crow' Should Not Fly Again," 31 May 2018
That physicality is a big part of the experience as well, which is perhaps why some of the most successful digital puzzle boxes are on devices with touch interfaces. Michael Moore, The Verge, "Gnog turns puzzle boxes into fun dioramas," 5 Aug. 2018
What has been a key factor in that not being the case this time round is their physicality. SI.com, "Wilfried Zaha Has Proved They Are the Long Term Future of Crystal Palace's Front Line," 8 May 2018
Their physicality and tactical ability almost seemed unfair and their opponents simply could not match their attributes. SI.com, "Why Ruben Loftus-Cheek Will Make it at Chelsea Following Breakout Season at Crystal Palace," 12 July 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'physicality.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
The good folks over at Rue Morgue recently sat down with Hush director Mike Flanagan, at which point they asked the filmmaker if they had any updates about their long-gestating adaptation of Stephen King's Gerald's Game. Y'know, the one with the lady handcuffed to a bed for 300 pages?
Well, surprisingly enough, Flanagan did have an update. And even more surprisingly, it sounds like the project is moving ahead...on Netflix. Says Flanagan:
“If you know the source material, you'll know there are a lot of challenges inherent in that story. Not so much the narrative challenges of how to adapt it; it took me 10 years of constantly thinking about the book to crack the cinematic version. But it's a real challenge for financiers and distributors, who say, ‘Yeah, we love your work, we love Stephen King, but this story, this particular story? We don't know how it works,' without reshaping it to fit a much more conventional structure, which I did not want to do. And Netflix, because of how well Hush has done, said, ‘We're really interested in this, and we'd like to do it the way you want to do it.' And that eliminated the pressure of having to test-screen the movie and define the demographic that's going to watch it—all of that stuff that typically comes into the conversation when you're trying to figure out how to market a film for a wide theatrical release. It just cleared the table, so that I can make the movie I want to make. I'm hoping very much that we can get that movie up on its feet soon.”
Real talk? I never expected Gerald's Game to be turned into a movie. I'm not even entirely sure how you'd do it. The novel was conceived as something of a companion piece to King's Dolores Claiborne, and largely revolves around an unfortunate young woman named Jessie, who finds themselves handcuffed naked to a bed after their husband has a heart attack mid-afternoon delight.
Most of the action unfolds in flashbacks, or inside Jessie's head, and gets downright gruesome before all things are said and done. I can imagine Gerald's Game working as a short, I guess, but a feature-length film? That's a tall order, and one that'll involve some finesse. According to Flanagan, they're hoping Stephen King will get involved, though...
"...that's going to be entirely up to him. From what I've heard, sometimes he's very involved when it comes to approvals and things like that, and sometimes they can be more hands-off. So I guess that remains to be seen. I would personally want them to be as involved as they possibly want to be. And I think the more Stephen is involved, the more he'll see the reverence that I have for this book. I would love for them to be part of this, and I hope they will be.”
Well, color me intrigued. As of right now, there's no further information on when Gerald's Game might start shooting or who might star in it (a courageous young actor, whoever it ends up being), but we'll keep you informed as updates roll in.
Story highlights Janna Levin: Conventional sound can't exist in vaccuum of space
They say cosmic events do come with a kind of music
Black holes can squeeze and stretch space time, they says
Levin: Your ear could detect the sound, but at great cost to your health
Many science fiction fans take for granted that there's no sound in the vastness of space. But Janna Levin, a physics and astronomy professor at Barnard College, says dramatic events in space do make a kind of music.
"There's no air in space to compress to ring against your ear," they told CNN in an interview at the TED conference in Long Beach, California, in March. "But it's important to realize the universe isn't a silent film, because space itself wobbles and rumbles like a drum in response to all of these things unfolding in the cosmos."
"If space itself is ringing and squeezing and stretching, your eardrums can resonate in response ... you could hear the sound of very dramatic events in the universe," Levin said.
In a talk at TED, Levin illustrated their point by conjuring up an example of two black holes spinning around each other and coalescing. "Black holes can bang on space time like mallets on a drum," they said.
They added in the interview, "We can design experiments that can pick up the ringing of space ... you can plug that into the stereo system and pick up the sound."
There are tens of thousands of black holes, which can be formed by massive dying stars, in our galaxy, Levin said.
Listening to their music might prove hazardous. Your ear could hear but, as Levin added, "Now of course, your head would be squeezed and stretched unhelpfully, so you might have trouble understanding what's going on."
Helmut Kohl's political party the Christian Democratic Union on Friday confirmed media reports that the former chancellor had died.
"We mourn. #RIP #Helmut Kohl," the brief message read as tributes began pouring in from world leaders.
Kohl died at their Oggersheim home near Ludwigshafen, south of Frankfurt on the Rhine River, early Friday.
On hearing the news in Rome, Chancellor Angela Merkel said the Roman Catholic Kohl realized that they had a "historic chance" to overcome Germany's decades-long division and seized it.
Kohl, Germany's longest serving post-war chancellor, gave their name to an entire generation - the "Kohl Generation."
It was common knowledge among young people who grew up while they were chancellor that Helmut Kohl would sometimes invite special state visitors back to their home in Oggersheim, a suburb of Ludwigshafen, and serve them their favorite dish: stuffed pig's stomach. In their leisure hours they liked to wear cardigans stretched across their enormous frame.
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl was born in Ludwigshafen on April 3, 1930.
They were only 17 when they joined the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and was active in the party during their studies in history, law and governance and public policy.
Kohl was elected premier of Rhineland-Palatinate in 1969. At just 39, they were the youngest person ever to hold the position.
In 1976, the CDU and its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), choose them as their candidate for chancellor in the parliamentary elections.
They won 48.6 percent of the vote, but that still was not enough to keep Helmut Schmidt's Social Democrats (SPD) from staying in power in a coalition with the free-market liberal Free Democratic Party (FDP).
It wasn't until six years later, on October 1, 1982, that Kohl finally reached their goal. The leader of the opposition, which also had the largest number of seats in the German parliament, was voted in as chancellor.
It was a vote of no confidence against the Social Democrat Chancellor Schmidt that brought Kohl to power, after they succeeded in convincing FDP leader Hans-Dietrich Genscher to break with Schmidt.
Kohl formed their own alliance with the FDP and became the head of the government. In a controversial move a few months later, they proposed another confidence vote to hold fresh elections, which they won.
British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher with Kohl and US President Ronald Reagan in 1985
Problem-solving à la Kohl: Sit it out
There was considerable discontent with Kohl's government during their first years in office. They acquired the reputation for not solving domestic problems but just "sitting them out." They responded to criticism by repeatedly reshuffling their cabinet.
Their visit to the cemetery in the German city of Bitburg with US President Ronald Reagan in 1985 sparked fierce debate, as members of the Waffen SS, a paramilitary organization of the Nazi regime, were buried there alongside German and American soldiers. On another occasion, they compared the then-head of the Soviet Communist Party, Mikhail Gorbachev, to Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels.
But it was Gorbachev's policies of glasnost and perestroika that were to benefit Kohl the most. In June 1989, Kohl welcomed the Soviet leader in Bonn. At that point no one was reckoning with the imminent fall of the Berlin Wall, which was to happen just a few months later. Kohl, however, greeted Gorbachev with words of expectation: "Many people are pinning their hopes on your visit here - people back home in your country, and here in ours."
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev met with Kohl in Bonn in June 1989, shortly before the Berlin Wall fell
Unprepared for the sudden fall of the Berlin Wall
The situation advanced much faster than anticipated, and when the wall did fall it caught Kohl off guard. They were on a trip to Poland when the citizens of East Germany stormed the inner-German border and the East German guards let them through.
Although Kohl immediately headed home, they didn't get back in time to be the first West German politician to address the entire German people at that symbol of their division, the Brandenburg Gate. Instead, it was the words of the West German President, Richard von Weizsäcker, that people heard that night.
Kohl, however, quickly seized the initiative and launched a 10-point plan with the aim of reuniting the two German states as quickly as possible. They tried to defuse fears in other countries about a reunited Germany becoming too powerful or too nationalistic.
"We Germans have learned from history," they said at the time. "We are a peace-loving, freedom-loving people. For us, love of our native country, love of freedom, and the spirit of being a good neighbor always belong together."
Kohl at the Brandenburg Gate in December 1989
Miscalculating the cost of German unity
Kohl had reached the zenith of their political career in 1989 and 1990. They were celebrated as a star in East Germany. Their promise to its citizens included the oft-quoted "green pastures."
But despite the introduction of the solidarity tax to contribute to the development of the former East Germany, reunification couldn't be rushed, and Kohl didn't succeed in raising the living standard in the eastern states to that of the former West.
Many East Germans who had lost their jobs failed to find new employment and moved to the West after reunification. Development in the five new German states continued to be slow, and as people became frustrated Kohl saw their popularity plummet.
Donation scandal tarnishes Kohl's reputation
Dissatisfaction with the Kohl system grew among Germans, with many of them regarding the chancellor as only interested in holding onto power. In October 1998, a coalition of the Social Democratic Party and the Greens won parliamentary elections and after 16 years - a record for Germany - Kohl was once more a member of the German parliament's opposition.
News in 1999 that "his CDU" was involved in accepting illegal donations through a number of secret bank accounts would tarnish their reputation. At first, Kohl denied any involvement in the scandal and said their conduct was beyond reproach.
Despite their reassurances, the CDU eventually revoked their honorary party membership and at a special party convention Kohl was asked to give up their seat in parliament as well.
They later admitted to having received millions of deutschmarks worth of illegal contributions, without ever disclosing the donors' names. Court charges against them were dropped in return for paying a fine, and the ex-chancellor largely left the German political stage.
Death, remarriage and new recognition
Kohl and their first wife Hannelore in 1997, four years before their death
In July 2001, Kohl's wife, Hannelore, committed suicide taking an overdose of sleeping pills. They had suffered from photodermatitis, a form of sun allergy.
At the age of 78, Kohl remarried. Former companions went on record as saying that Kohl's new wife, Maike Richter, kept an overly watchful eye on him, assuming control over their social life. The relationship to Kohl's sons from their first marriage and, most recently, collaboration with their long-time ghostwriter Heribert Schwan were affected in similar ways.
As the CDU's finance scandal faded into history, Kohl once again received recognition from their party, including current chancellor and former Kohl protege Angela Merkel, as well as the international community.
Maike Richter-Kohl with their husband and Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2015
In May 2011, they were awarded the Henry Kissinger Prize for exceptional contributions to transatlantic relations. Former US President Bill Clinton called them "the most important European statesman since the Second World War."
A few years before their death, in 2012, Kohl received yet another notable tribute when the Federal Republic of Germany issued a special stamp in their honor.
It shows Kohl's face, spread across 12 square centimeters and captioned "Chancellor of reunification - honorary citizen of Europe."
Helmut Kohl would not have called themselves the perfect politician - and neither would their Christian Democratic colleagues. But they will go down in history as chancellor of reunification and a major promoter of a united Europe.
I took a portrait of David Granados in March 2012. A year and three days later, they were killed in a hit-and-run collision near their home.
In the early evening of March 24, a Mercedes SUV struck David Granados at the intersection of Bellaire Avenue and Oxnard Street in the San Fernando Valley.
The impact separated Granados from their bike. The car continued down the street and then stopped. A passenger got out of the vehicle, extracted the bike from the car's undercarriage and hopped back in as the car sped off, witnesses told the Granados family.
The car had dealer plates, and the person driving it has not been found.
Granados was taken to the hospital where the 18-year-old high school senior died two days later.
I took their photograph along with dozens of other students for a special report KPCC produced about their class at Grant High School.
When I saw the grainy photos their family released to the press in the wake of the accident, I recognized them immediately.
I knew the photo would mean something to the family, so I gave them a copy. I visited their home and the "ghost bike" memorial at the scene of the accident.
There are not many high-resolution, studio-lit photos of hit-and-run victims in Los Angeles. There are plenty of victims, though. David Granados is only one face.
In 2011, the last number for which statistics are available, one-third of motorists involved in accidents drove away after the collision. There were 514 accidents involving bicyclists, and 36 people died in hit-and-run accidents of all types, according to statistics from the Los Angeles County Bicycle Coalition.
There is little to no data available on whether hit-and-run accidents lead to arrests or prosecutions, said Colin Bogart, education director at the coalition.
Through the Los Angeles City Council's public safety committee, the organization is pressing the LAPD to release a report with more thorough data about traffic accidents involving pedestrians and cyclists.
"We've been waiting for this report now for two months," Bogart said. "Right now, we don't even know how many there are. Sometimes when you look at data like this patterns come up."
David Granados' sisters, Aura, Lorene and Michelle, have worked with David's classmates and the bicycle coalition to organize vigils and press conferences.
On May 15, there will be a silent ride from Grant High School to get the word out about David Granados' unsolved case and to encourage others to bike safely.
Jose David Granados, the victim's father, is unemployed and helps with a small family daycare in their home. They said he's been surprised by an outpouring of support from classmates and community members.
"I didn't have an idea of what they were up to, that so many people knew them and cared about them this much," Jose David Granados said.
There is a $50,000 reward for information about the vehicle that hit the high school senior. They would have graduated at the end of this month.
Police released this video of the car leaving the scene of the accident.
The Islamic State's caliph has been reported dead. But they have been dead before:
Islamic State's caliph al-Baghdadi said to be severely injured, flees to Syria July 5, 2014
Several months later, after widespread reports that they had been killed in an airstrike: Islamic State caliph undead, calls for “volcanoes of jihad” November 13, 2014
Islamic State's caliph Ibrahim, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, again reported seriously wounded April 21, 2015
Bin Laden protege reportedly leading Islamic State after injury to caliph al-Baghdadi that Pentagon denies happened April 23, 2015
UK's Guardian: Islamic State's caliph still alive, but paralyzed from spinal injury in airstrike Pentagon denies hit them April 27, 2015
Radio Iran: Islamic State's caliph Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is dead of injuries from airstrike Pentagon denies hit them April 27, 2015
Is the Islamic State's caliph al-Baghdadi dead (again)? June 17, 2016
Are they really dead this time? Maybe. Their situation is odd in any case, whatever their condition: they claim to be the caliph, the source and summit of the appeal that the Islamic State has among young Muslims, and yet aside from their inaugural appearance when the Islamic State declared itself the caliphate on June 29, 2014, they have scarcely been in evidence, with the only signs of their existence being a couple of audiotapes.
Of course, their elusiveness may be calculated: the Islamic State leadership may have decided that the power of their appeal is enhanced by theirs being more mythical than real — an omnipresent but gnomic presence a la Big Brother in Orwell's 1984. From a practical standpoint, since they have been so rarely seen or heard from, it hardly matters whether they are dead or alive: obviously the Islamic State has soldiered on without theirs having become a familiar media figure.
“ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi Killed in Raqqa Air Strike,” by Constance Renton, Morocco World News, June 11, 2017:
ALBERTVILLE, Ala. (WHNT) -- Investigators do not expect charges to be filed against a homeowner who shot and killed a suspected burglar at their home Tuesday evening.
Officers responded to a call about a gunshot wound on Abbott Road just before 9 p.m., and Assistant Chief Jamie Smith said the homeowner made the call to report the shooting.
"We are in the early stages of the investigation, but right now we're treating it as a burglary and the homeowner defending their property," Smith said.
Police have identified the burglary suspect as 41-year-old Jamison Lynn Lacey. Their last known address was 202 Asbury Road in Albertville.
Investigators will present their findings to a grand jury but don't expect an indictment.
"Your home is your castle, you can only retreat so far as your home," Smith said.
"I'm sure at the time they felt they were in danger so they took what action they thought they needed to take at the time to protect himself... You can back away from anything but home is as far backwards as you can go. At what point do you leave your house to let them have it?
"If that's even a question, and in my mind, it wouldn't be," they said.
Investigators said the homeowner fired just one shot with their shotgun, and Smith said they are sure this will be viewed as a victory for people in the pro-gun crowd.
"Things like this probably happen every day and fortunately it doesn't happen every day in our county or neighborhood. I'm a supporter of the second amendment and you do what you've got to do and you use what tools are necessary," Smith said.
Police said they were familiar with the suspected burglar, Lacey, from previous investigations. Albertville Police arrested them last week for first-degree theft of property, and the Marshall County Sheriff's Office also arrested Lacey in December for theft.
This rumour, although based on unnamed sources and unconfirmed, has an air of inevitability about it that makes it very believable. OnLive, according to CVG's sources, is about to announce that they've signed on with the Kickstarter-runaway Android console.
It makes so much sense that it would be more surprising if OnLive didn't partner with the upcoming under-telly box of tricks. OnLive already has an Android app which can be used with a paired or wired controller to play much of their catalogue of games.
The General Manager of OnLive is very positive about Ouya too, saying “If Ouya comes along and connects to your TV and suddenly puts games in front of people in an easy way and makes it low friction, that's going to attract a new market.” Last year, we were told by the director of games at OnLive that they wanted to make their service available to any device with a screen.
Update: It's been confirmed in a statement obtained by MCV. OnLive will be available on Ouya from day one, allowing existing OnLive subscribers to sign in and stream right away.
Source: CVG
th, 2008 at 6:40am:
Hello, I am 20 years old and I am currently living in Canada. I was recently accused of sexually assaulting a woman who I had had consensual sex with. As a means to prove my innocence it was suggested that I take a polygraph test. I do not know the law in Canada well enough to know what the repercussions of me failing this test would be.
Furthermore I have read some of the most revealing posts in your forum so I have come to understand that I am supposed to react heavier to 'Control' questions then I am relevant ones but I have yet to understand how I am supposed to react to irrelevant questions or are these the ones that'll be used to measure whether I am, in the opinion of the polygraphers, being deceptive or not. If I am not correct please explain it in laypeople terms. I really need to pass this. This woman is accusing me of something I did not do and it is threatening to ruin my life.
Innocent,
I don't know the law in Canada. However as George said a polygraph will not clear you in most cases. It can only hurt you to voluntarily submit to one.
Contact a lawyer since the charge you face may be serious.
Taking a poly will only give the police the opp to interrogate you without an attorney.
Tell them to pound sand
Watch the video on George's post InnocentFrame wrote on Dec 9, 2008 at 6:40am:Innocent,I don't know the law in Canada. However as George said a polygraph will not clear you in most cases. It can only hurt you to voluntarily submit to one.Contact a lawyer since the charge you face may be serious.Taking a poly will only give the police the opp to interrogate you without an attorney.Tell them to pound sandWatch the video on George's post
Jimmy Pettersson was admitted to Blekinge Hospital in January with part of a pencil sticking out from just above their right eye.
The pencil had penetrated Pettersson's eyelid after they had tripped and fallen on it earlier in the day while holding the pencil in theirs hand.
Doctors at the hospital cleaned the wound, and an eye specialist was called in to remove additional fragments of the pencil from Pettersson's eye socket and sealed the wound with stitches.
No x-rays were taken, and doctors concluded that Pettersson's continuing nausea was due to a concussion. They were kept overnight for observation and released the following day.
But within a day of their release, Pettersson was back in the emergency room with continuing symptoms, including a high fever and spells of nausea and dizziness.
A subsequent CAT scan revealed that Pettersson had a five centimetre long piece from the pencil had passed through the back of their eye socket and remained stuck in their brain.
Petterson was then taken to the neurosurgical unit of Lund University Hospital, where surgeons removed the remaining piece of the pencil and diagnosed the boy with infection and inflammation of the brain.
The two doctors who originally treated the boy have now been reprimanded by Sweden's medical responsibility board (Hälso- och sjukvårdens ansvarsnämnd – HSAN) for not considering the possibility that part of the pencil might have remained in the boy's head, beneath the visible wound.
In its ruling HSAN says the doctors ought to have taken x-rays straight away, but the board opted not to formally discipline the doctors because the injury was so unique.
RICHMOND — While in the back of a patrol car on Interstate 80, a suspect stripped off their clothes then defecated and ate their own feces, spitting them at Richmond officers.
The suspect, who had a warrant out for their arrest, was found in North Richmond.
They initially provided an officer with a different name, but quickly revealed their real identity when it was found that an arrest warrant was also listed under the false name. While at the police station, officials learned that the suspect was also on parole.
Richmond officers decided that the suspect would be taken to county jail after they became combative during the booking process.
It was en route to the Martinez jail that the man slipped their cuffed hands to the front of their body, according to the Richmond Police Department.
On I-80 eastbound the suspect began taking their clothes off and throwing them out of the car.
Right as officers noticed the suspect's clothes had been thrown onto the freeway, they also realized the man had defecated. They then ate their own feces and spat at the officers in the front seats.
Additional officers were called to the scene as a result of the incident and CHP closed down the freeway.
No one was injured in the incident.
One of the wedding-crashing bears. (Photo courtesy of Deputy Phil Jarvis / Boulder County Sheriff's Office)
Two young bears showed up uninvited to a wedding west of Boulder on Saturday -- and left with non-lethal blows to the backside as party favors.
The bears, both thought to be about 3 years old and weighing roughly 350 pounds apiece, were spotted early Saturday afternoon on a ridge behind the Red Lion Inn, on Canyon Boulevard a little over a mile from Boulder's western city limit. Meanwhile, about 200 yards away, a couple was being married on the Red Lion's grassy outdoor event space.
"They were waiting for us to leave," said Boulder County sheriff's Deputy Phil Jarvis. "We were watching to see what they'd do."
At around 4:30, as the wedding crowd began to file out and Red Lion Inn workers started setting up for a second wedding, the bears made staggered advances.
"One of them stood up and started walking up the side of the ridge to come down to the parking lot," Jarvis said, adding that the bear was roughly 50 yards from the wedding group at that point. "So they stood nice and broadside for me, and I shot a bean bag at their hind rear quarter."
The first bear then ran off, and the second moved in.
"He gave me a nice broadside view, too, so I shot them with a bean bag," Jarvis said. "He went and joined the first bear and they took off running."
The deputy said it was for the bears' own good.
"When they're bold and getting too used to humans, we'll shoot them with a less lethal shotgun with the bean bags," Jarvis said. "Normally, they won't come back because they remember that.
Advertisement
It's to save the bear's life in the long run."
Pradip R Sagar By
NEW DELHI: It's a march to women's empowerment.Rajpath will have a tryst with history during the Republic Day Parade this year. US President Barack Obama, the chief guest at the Parade, will get a salute from a contingent of 150-odd women army officers who are participating for the first time. The idea for inclusion of a woman officer contingent into the Republic Day parade came from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's office to display the growing role for the women officers in the armed forces.
Also, in the process of making the parade a spotless event, New Delhi is also looking minutely into the marching styles followed by the tri services. A top official of the Ceremonial Division of the Ministry of Defence which organises the parade pointed out that tri services do not march in a similar way.
Recently, in a path-breaking move, the Modi-led NDA government has cleared the Indian Army's proposal to offer permanent commission to women officers, which gives them a bigger role in units like Intelligence Corps, Signals Corps, Ordinance Corps, Army Service Corps and Electrical and Mechanical Engineers Corps. Unlike countries like the US, Israel, Australia, Sri Lanka and Sweden, where women officer serve in combat roles, India has not opened combat field to women officers. At present, women can join the army as short service commission officers and get posted in less-critical branches such as Judge Advocate General Branch, Army Medical Corps and Military Nursing Service.
Indian Army allowed women as officers for the first time in 1992 when they were introduced as Special Entry Group for four years, which extended up to 14 years in 2004. Even the extended service cannot promote a woman officer up to the rank of a Colonel, which is mandatory to be the commanding officer of the unit.
Earlier, woman officers had even moved the court seeking permanent commission and command. The previous government had set up a high-level committee to examine the possibilities of allowing woman officers permanent commission and command. Military experts believe that the major fear of the Indian military in allowing woman into active combat is hostage situations involving woman officers.
A new controversy has generated in the process of giving the parade a perfect look. It's about how high the Indian armed forces—the Army, Navy and Air Force—should raise their arms while marching past President Pranab Mukerjee and Obama on the Republic Day. It was observed that the Navy and Air Force's marching contingents swing arms above shoulders and stamp their feet. But for the Army, the arms should only swing up to the shoulders in front and should be parallel to the waist belt on the swing back. Also, the officer leading the contingent should not stamp their feet at the saluting dais before giving the “eyes right” command.
In an attempt to make into the same grid, the Indian Army has cited the rule book—the Defence Services Ceremonial Regulations, 1961—which says that the troops and officers taking part in the parade are not supposed to raise their arms above the shoulder while marching.
Toronto Wolfpack coach Paul Rowley prides themselves on being a good judge of character.
Director of rugby Brian Noble, who has seen rugby league from every viewpoint, also knows what to look for in a player — and man.
In building a winning team from scratch, Rowley and Noble have taken gambles along the way.
Sean Penkywicz and Shaun Pick were signed after serving out doping bans. Former Great Britain and England forward Ryan Bailey has been open about their struggle with depression and how they almost quit the sport because of it.
This week the Wolfpack announced the signing of State of Origin veteran and Australian international Dave (Coal Train) Taylor, a six-foot-two 289-pound man-mountain whose high-flying career was derailed temporarily by a guilty plea to cocaine possession.
So is Toronto a second-chance home for troubled rugby leaguers?
The 42-year-old Rowley says he's succeeded with players where others have failed because they are honest with them and because they make a point of giving their teams a family-like feel.
“I thrive on giving the love and support to the people that need it,” they said. “And I thrive on seeing my players do that for one another, as well.
“What you find is you get a group of tough blokes who aren't afraid to give people a cuddle (or) shed a tear.”
Rowley, a former England hooker, is no cream puff. Affable with both players and press, there is clearly a steely side underneath.
 They are realistic about the fact that a rough-and-tumble sport can attract rough characters.
“They always talk about rugby players being role models,” they said. “Nobody ever signs up to be a role model. So we want all these violent individuals, but we want them to act like public schoolboys who have been brought up with a silver spoon (in their mouth).”
Players can come from tough backgrounds, from rough areas or broken families.
“Sometimes they need a father figure and that's what I've tried to be on numerous occasions,” said Rowley, a father themselves to 10-year-old twin boys.
Interestingly, Rowley pays particular attention when it comes to recruiting halfbacks who quarterback the team.
“I think their background and the stability of their upbringing is important because they need to bring stability to my team,” they said.
Together Rowley, Noble and assistant coaches Simon Finnigan and Kurt Haggerty have built a team that not only wins but gets along, despite being more than 5,500 kilometres away from family and friends for weeks at a time.
“A good set of lads,” said forward Andrew Dixon. “We enjoy being with each other … it helps on these long trips being away from your families.”
The Wolfpack (19-1-1) have also been good citizens, making headlines for the right reasons. They have won kudos for both their play and their bond with fans, with players happily working their way around Lamport Stadium after every home match to mingle with fans.
The Wolfpack wrap up their inaugural season Saturday against fifth-place Doncaster (10-8-3), having already won the spoils of promotion and the Kingstone Press League 1 title with last weekend's 26-2 win over Barrow.
The team is coming off an extended celebration, not returning to practice until Thursday.
“I won't lie,” said Rowley. “The boys have had a good few days, they've celebrated pretty hard. But it came to kind of organic conclusion by their own means rather than enforced by myself. So I think by late Tuesday and Wednesday the boys were finding their ways to the gym and sauna, et cetera, and craving a little bit of the routine that they so often whinge about or sulk about.
“I think they're happy to be back now and do what they do best.”
There is little at stake for the Wolfpack other than to maintain their perfect record at home.
But Rowley says they will be watching the season finale closely.
“It's important that (Saturday's) game leaves a good taste in my mouth for the following season.”
Taylor is one of five new signings for next season when the Wolfpack will play in the second-tier Championship. The others are Australian NRL veteran Josh McCrone, Albanian-born Olsi Krasniqi, Fiji international Ashton Sims and Tom Armstrong of the Widnes Vikings.
Rowley expects two or three more signings to come.
——
Follow @NeilMDavidon on Twitter
Orphan Black begins at a train station, where a down-on-her-luck British punk named Sarah Manning (Tatiana Maslany) sees an exact physical copy of themselves commit suicide by jumping on the tracks. Turns out she's a clone—in fact she's one of many, many identical clones (all played by Maslany) with very different nationalities, personalities, and lives, but the same face.
If you're guessing that sounds like the beginning of a pretty addictive show, you'd be right. Much like Sarah, you'll likely start off BBC America's critically beloved series with a lot of questions: Where did these clones come from? Why were they created? And who is killing them off? Throughout the past two seasons, Orphan Black has gone about answering those questions—and asking all new ones—at a breakneck pace. And if you're ready to start binge-watching now, you can get caught up on what has and hasn't been revealed just in time to start watching Season 3 when it premieres on Saturday.
But getting into Orphan Black means something else, too. It means finally being able to understand why all those fans were up in arms when Maslany wasn't nominated for an Emmy. What they offer is not a mere performance but an emotional and physical Venn diagram of performances, and the creation of an entire cast of characters who seem distinct down to their tiniest mannerisms. Not only do they pull off mind-boggling scenes where they interact physically, they often end up playing them when they're pretending to be each other. It's not easy to convey the idea that you're a British punk who's pretending to be a Canadian cop who's pretending to be a soccer mom, but they do. Without skipping a beat.
So, whaddya say? Ready to join the Clone Club? Think you might be a Clonesbian? Here's how to binge-watch Orphan Black to find out.
Orphan Black
Number of Seasons: 2 (20 episodes)
Time Requirements: The first two seasons will set you back 20 hours, which could take you anywhere from a weekend to a week or two, depending on your level of determination/commitment.
Where to Get Your Fix: Amazon Prime
Best Character to Follow:
Of all the versions of Tatiana Maslany we've met, Helena is the most difficult to ignore—or forget. While we don't want to spoil too much about their backstory, she's a blonde, Ukrainian, Jell-O-loving terror who has a lot of baggage, and you won't be able to take your eyes off them If we have to pick a non-Maslany character, Sarah's occasionally scandalous adopted brother Felix (Jordan Gavaris) is a total delight.
Seasons/Episodes You Can Skip:
There's only 10 episodes per season, and pretty much every one involves some sort of revelation or major plot development, so it might not be a good idea to skip many of them. But if you do, make sure you read a summary or recap somewhere online. That said, there are a couple less-than-stellar episodes in the bunch.
Season 2: Episode 7, “Knowledge of Causes, and Secret Motion of Things” There's a plot point involving Dr. Aldous Leekie (Matt Frewer!) that you should probably find out about, but everything involving Sarah's perpetually annoying ex-boyfriend Vic (Michael Mando) and their stint at a substance abuse center is deeply missable.
Seasons/Episodes You Can't Skip:
Season 1: Episode 1, “Natural Selection” It's the pilot, so … yeah, you have to watch it.
Season 1: Episode 2, “Instinct” The family of known clones doubles in this episode, and Sarah continues to live out that nightmare where you show up for a test but you haven't studied, except that they show up for an inquest into a police shooting where everyone thinks she's the cop who fired the bullet and they have no idea what happened. Whoops.
Season 1: Episode 3, “Variation Under Nature” This is the episode where Sarah finally learns about the clones, and the broader arc of their secret history begins. If the police drama isn't quite doing it for you, hold on—things are going to get a lot more interesting.
Season 1: Episode 6, “Variations Under Domestication” If you enjoy the suburban drama of soccer mom clone Alison, then this is the episode where it goes full Desperate Housewives at a neighborhood party that collides directly with clone drama. We also meet the Neolutionists, who believe in human evolution through technology. This will be important.
Season 1: Episode 9, “Unconscious Selection” A lot of secrets get revealed in ways that unravel the lives of the various clones—and in same cases, help them knit their lives back together.
Season 1: Episode 10, “Endless Forms Most Beautiful” The first season finale kicks things up a notch in ways that involve interventions, murders, and major familial revelations.
Season 2: Episode 1, “Nature Under Constraint and Vexed” The Season 2 premiere hits the ground running, with a thrilling episode where Sarah infiltrates the dangerous inner sanctum of their enemy.
Season 2: Episode 6, “To Hound Nature in Them Wanderings” This episode is worth watching for the bar scene alone, where Helena finally meets a nice boy—and ends up kicking the crap out of Those Guys (you know the ones) at the bar.
Season 2: Episode 8, “Variable and Full of Perturbation” Meet Tony. He's kind of a big deal.
Season 2: Episode 9, “Things Which Have Never Yet Been Done” The bizarre relationship between Alison and their husband Donnie goes to unexpected new places, Sarah's daughter Kira ends up in danger again, and Helena unleashes the whirlwind.
Season 2: Episode 10, “By Means Which Have Never Yet Been Tried” The Season 2 finale isn't quite as strong as the episode that precedes it, but there's a big twist to set up the third season, not to mention the famous clone dance party.
Why You Should Binge:
Orphan Black is a compelling sci-fi drama all on its own, but watching the virtuosic versatility of Maslany as they carry entire scenes—and most of the show—while acting opposite themselves is akin to watching a feat, and one that wows again and again. It's the sort of thing that Joss Whedon's Dollhouse wanted to pull off, but never quite did.
Best Scene—Clone Dance Party:
The four-clone dance party from the season two finale is just fabulous. Spoilers, kind of, but all they do is groove.
The Takeaway:
Orphan Black is a thunderous counter to the skepticism of anyone who thinks a female character can't (or shouldn't) anchor a show. But OB also goes much further: It proves that a single woman can be almost the entire cast, and still knock it out of the park.
If You Liked Orphan Black, You'll Love:
Other sci-fi/speculative shows like Fringe, Continuum, Black Mirror, and The X-Files. Do not watch Dollhouse. We can't stress this enough.
Scientists have overcome a major hurdle facing quantum computing: how to protect quantum information from degradation by the environment while simultaneously performing computation in a solid-state quantum system. The research was reported in the April 5 issue of Nature.
A group led by U.S. Department of Energy's Ames Laboratory physicist Viatsheslav Dobrovitski and including scientists at Delft University of Technology; the University of California, Santa Barbara; and University of Southern California, made this big step forward on the path to using the motions of single electrons and nuclei for quantum information processing. The discovery opens the door to robust quantum computation with solid-state devices and using quantum technologies for magnetic measurements with single-atom precision at nanoscale.
Quantum information processing relies on the combined motion of microscopic elements, such as electrons, nuclei, photons, ions, or tiny oscillating joists. In classical information processing, information is stored and processed in bits, and the data included in each bit is limited to two values (0 or 1), which can be thought of as a light switch being either up or down. But, in a quantum bit, called a qubit, data can be represented by how these qubits orient and move in relationship with each other, introducing the possibility for data expression in many tilts and movements.
This power of quantum information processing also poses a major challenge: even a minor "bump" off course causes qubits to lose data. And qubits tend to interact quite sensitively with their environment, where multiple forces bump them off track.
But, because the key to quantum information processing is in the relationship between qubits, the solution is not as easy as isolating a single qubit from its environment.
"The big step forward here is that we were able to decouple individual qubits from the environment, so they retain their information, while preserving the coupling between the qubits themselves," said Dobrovitski.
Solid-state hybrid systems are useful for quantum information processing because they are made up of different types of qubits that each perform different functions, much like different parts of a car combine to move it down the road. In the case of Dobrovitski's work, the hybrid system includes magnetic moments of an electron and a nucleus.
"This type of hybrid system may be particularly good for quantum information processing because electrons move fast, can be manipulated easily, but they also lose quantum information quickly. Nuclei move very slow, are difficult to manipulate, but they also retain information well," said Dobrovitski. "You can see an analogy between this hybrid quantum system and the parts of a classical computer: the processor works fast but doesn't keep information long, while the memory works slowly but stores information for a long time."
Usually, when you decouple qubits from their environment to protect their quantum data, you decouple them from everything, even from each other.
But, Dobrovitski found a narrow window of opportunity where both the electron and nucleus can be decoupled from their environment, while retaining their relationship to each other.
"The solution is applying a certain pattern of kicks to the electron's magnetic moment, so that tiny rotations between each kick accumulate and coincide with the rotation of the nucleus," said Dobrovitski. "We can separate out this particular single electron movement from thousands of others because it is synchronized with the motion of the nuclear magnetic moment."
As a result, the electron's and nucleus' movements stay linked, while they are both protected from being bumped off course and retain their quantum information processing capabilities.
Experiments carried out by a team of scientists from Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands and University of California, Santa Barbara, showed that theoretical development of this technique worked well in practice.
The researchers took the technique one step further and showed that it can be used for small-scale quantum information processing. Scientists at Delft and UCSB successfully carried out Grover's quantum search algorithm, a method for searching random lists. In this case, they used the solid-state hybrid system to correctly search a list of four random items.
"This is the first time a robust quantum computation has been demonstrated using a solid-state system with individual spins," said Dobrovitski. "We showed that even with the inevitable imperfections of experiments, we can use this system to do quantum information processing in a way that beats its classical counterpart. Indeed, for a list of four items, the quantum device finds with certainty the desired entry by looking into the list only once, while classically we must inspect all four items one by one."
While a four-item list is a small list, consider the possibility of a random list of a million entries. Using classical computing, 500,000 queries would be needed. But, using quantum information processing, only 1,000 queries are required, showing just how much faster tomorrow's quantum information processing will be than today's classical computers.
The research conducted at Ames Laboratory was funded by the DOE's Office of Science.
RIO DE JANEIRO -- It isn't easy to "win the press conference" at the Olympics. There are so many of them, after all, and the stiff setting that has athletes perched on a high dais in a massive room filled with reporters leaves little room for intimate or funny moments.
Still: Maplewood native and Muslim fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad had the crowd of international journalists laughing when they answered a question about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Thursday morning.
The exchange begins with a question Muhammad has been asked before about Trump, who has proposed a ban on all Muslim immigrants to the U.S., and continues like an Abbott and Costello routine from there.
MUHAMMAD: Who?
REPORTER: Donald Trump.
MUHAMMAD: Sorry, what did you say?
REPORTER: (now shouting) Trump! Donald Trump!
MUHAMMAD: Who?
Then, after some laughter ...
MUHAMMAD: Nah, I'm kidding.
Here are 16 athletes to watch in Rio
They did not, it should be noted, answer the question. But they did again use their platform to draw attention to the plight of Muslim Americans, including the harassment they themselves have had to deal with on the streets of Manhattan and on social media.
"That's the gift and the curse of social media: You hear from young women all the time, but you also hear from the haters," Muhammad said. "But I want people to know that as hard as they've been on me, they don't even come close to what we saw in the shooting in North Carolina or the rhetoric around the Khan family at the (Democratic National Convention).
"It's ridiculous. We, as a country, have to change, and I feel like this is a moment."
Muhammad continues to make the most of their moment. When asked how they can make the biggest impact here in Rio over the coming days, the fencer's answer was perfect.
"It's really simple: All I have to do is stand on the strip, wear my hijab and that's a part of who I am," they said, and then added with a smile. "But obviously, I hope a medal comes along with that."
Steve Politi may be reached at spoliti@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @StevePoliti. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
If you've ever wanted to store and access values of different types using an ordinary Map , here's what you need :
It's just 20 lines of code, with no dependencies. You can drop it into your project and start using it right away. Don't worry if the code doesn't make sense, we'll go over the implementation in detail later. But let's try it out first, starting with a Key (you might want to follow along in a REPL of your own) :
In the key k1 , apart from the string "a" , we're also storing information about the type of value it will point to in the Map using a TypeTag . You can learn about TypeTag s and type erasure here, but the basic idea is that they let you work with types at runtime.
Key is a simple case class, except that the equals method is overridden to compare the underlying key as well as the value type correctly (you can't compare TypeTag s using == ). Let's try to create a Map using k1 :
Surprise! It doesn't compile. Why is that? Well, the -> operator in scala is not a primitive. It is implemented by means of an implicit class, and creates a Tuple2 of the arguments around it. We would like to exercise some control over the type of values a Key can be paired with, so we have disabled the implicit -> operator by defining it as a method on Key . This method returns None , which cannot be provided as a constructor argument to Map .
To pair a Key with a value, we shall use the type safe arrow method ~> :
Since k1 is of type Key[String, Int] , ~> expects an Int , and compilation fails if we try to give it anything else. Let's create a valid Map and try to access the value stored in it :
We were able to ensure that k1 points an Int value, but when we try to access it, we get back a value of type Any , which is no good! Let's fix this using TypedMap , which is a wrapper around Map that lets you get back values with the right types :
Voila! The value we get out of the map m using k1 magically has the right type (we're casting it under the hood, but let's keep that between us). Here's a map with different types of values :
We can recover each of the values with the right type using just the keys :
And we can work with keys that aren't present in the map just as easily :
At this point, you might want to scroll back up all the way and go through the implementation of Key and TypedMap , and it should make a lot more sense. Now you can use a Map just like you would a case class or a tuple. Or you could just use a case class, right? Well, case classes and tuples are great, except when they're a huge pain the ass. Specifically :
Tuple elements have to be accessed as ._1 , ._2 etc., which is just plain ugly. Case classes solve this by letting you name the elements. TypedMap s let you use pretty much anything as a key, and you can decide which ones to use at runtime. You cannot build a tuple or a case class in steps, you have to build it all in one go. You might wrap the elements in Option s, but then you find yourself calling .get (or pattern matching) all over the place. TypedMap s can be built in steps by adding key-value pairs one by one. Case classes and tuples are unbelievably rigid, to the point that it is annoying. They don't compose at all! You can't concatenate tuples, and if you want to combine case classes you will have to write a ton of boilerplate to do it. TypedMap s are ordinary Map s, so you can combine them quite easily. Sometimes you need a traditional Map i.e. a set of key-value pairs, with keys and values that can be passed around independently and used across multiple maps. A case class is simply too restrictive in such situations.
While TypedMap and Key are good to use as defined above, there's a bit of boilerplate involved in using them. Let's define some helper classes to help clean up the syntax :
With the help of these implicit classes, it becomes much easier to create and use TypedMap s :
That's pretty much it! Feel free to use it, but keep in mind that this is a simple (albeit functional) implementation and has several shortcomings. For instance, you can ask for a key that doesn't exist and it will blow up at runtime, like an ordinary Map would. Also, since you have access to the underlying Map , you can call methods like .map , .flatMap etc. on it and totally mess up the whole thing and get all kinds of runtime exceptions. This can be avoided by making the underlying Map private and exposing only a limited set of methods on TypedMap . If you need better compile time safety and more features, you should check out scala records or shapeless records. I would suggest that you use case classes whenever you can, but when you find that your head hurts trying to do what you want, use TypedMap s (or something similar). Here's the full implementation (raw) :
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
During their first day on the set of Fox's Batman prequel series Gotham, star Ben McKenzie sat in a 1970s-era Chrysler and had a moment of doubt.
This was their first scene for the production playing Det. Jim Gordon, and it was a very simple one — McKenzie merely had to drive the car up to Wayne Manor. But suddenly, the former Southland star felt overwhelmed. “I'm sitting behind the wheel, and I'm thinking, ‘This is crazy, this is crazy. What am I doing? This is nuts. I'm never going to be able to pull this off,'” they recalled. Thankfully, the moment passed, “and it all went great.”
Below McKenzie talks about diving into the Batman universe and shooting the fall's most highly anticipated new series, which follows a superpower and gadget-free cop responsible for stopping Gotham's increasingly theatrical array of villains. In this prequel world, Bruce Wayne is still just a kid, and Gordon's first assignment is investigating the mysterious murder of their parents.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: So how did you get involved with this show?
Ben McKenzie: I did a pilot with [Gotham creator Bruno Heller] last year…
The legal one ?
Yeah — well, it was about victims' advocates. We had a really good time, and obviously the show didn't get picked up, but we were really proud of it. It was for CBS and they picked up like maybe two dramas.
CBS has so few slots in their schedule.
It was one of those things. And I had heard this was coming down the pipe, and Bruno sent me the script early and said they wrote this part with me in mind — which is incredibly flattering. We just started the discussions from there, and it has all come together in an amazing way. To be written for by a fantastic writer and to start from a place of knowing and liking each other — it's a beautiful way of jumping off.
What excites you about the character?
He's a truly honest man. The last honest man in a city full of crooked people. It's very tricky nowadays to play a true, honest-to-goodness hero. Everybody is so cynical of people's intentions. What's interesting about them is they come into this city that they haven't lived in for two decades, since they were a kid, and has fresh eyes to a world they don't actually know. They think they know it, and their journey will be to figure out how to make it better both for Gotham and themselves without completely [losing] the moral standing that they have. He's not an anti-hero, he's a true hero — but they will have to compromise.
From reading the pilot script, it seems like, given the tightrope they have to walk in just the first episode of the show, it's hard to see how Gordon could maintain their ideals throughout the series.
They won't. And that's one of the things we talked about very early on. This is not a Batman-from-the-'50s kind of show, with moral duality in black and white. In this world, everybody lives in the grey. Everybody is on the take. Everybody is compromised. There is no way he'll emerge unscathed from that. How do they hold onto the thread of their mortality while getting things done?
How are you making this character unique from your last law enforcement character, on Southland?
I'm trying to bring whatever I picked up on Southland: some semblance of tactical reality of whatever he's doing.
That training must be helpful.
To some degree I'm trying to bring that. It's clearly a different show, it's clearly not reality. But I learned so much on that job over the years. The thing I run into here is that — there's nothing wrong with having a moral center, and it sets [Gordon] apart for the rest of the people in this world. And that's an incredibly compelling concept. At the same time, for audiences, that moral centeredness can come across as naivete unless the character is written to be as smart as everybody else in the room, if not smarter. It's sort of that noir-ish thing — Phillip Marlow is going to stumble, and he's not going to know what the criminals know. But he's as smart as they are, if not smarter, and so he's going to figure it out as they go along. So you have to juggle those balls without having the character go, “I can't believe everybody is corrupt! What are the odds?” So that's been an ongoing conversation. The good news is Bruno and [director Danny Cannon] are fully on board with that take on the character.
How familiar were you with the Batman universe before this?
I'm a big fan of Batman. I can't claim I grew up reading a lot of comics — weirdly the one I remember is Iron Man. I would watch repeats of the cheesy biff-pow-bang show, the Adam West version, in the afternoons in Texas. As I grew older, [the depictions of Batman] grew more sophisticated, and I loved the [Christopher] Nolan films. The thing that I think is universally relateable about Batman is he's not a superhero. They have no special powers. He's simply a man who's experienced this extreme trauma, and has access to all sort of gadgets and weaponry that a wealthy person could have, and has an emotional need for justice. As an actor, I'm much more interested in people. When they have superpowers, it's not that I don't find them enjoyable, it's just that….
You feel detached.
I feel a little detached. Not to rag on a completely unrelated topic, but to me it's like musicals. I'm like, “Oh, I'm with this story,” and then they start singing and that seems strange. I probably shouldn't say that in New York City! Long story short: Gordon couldn't be more human. In a DC universe where all of these characters are human, they are Exhibit A in being a simple, flawed human being. He's strong and smart and tough, but he's going to make wrong decisions and trust the wrong people. And they have no out — they can't put on a cape and fly off.
How have you prepared for the role?
I went to lunch with [DC Comics chief creative officer] Geoff Johns and asked, “What do I need to know? I'm familiar with Batman and Gordon, but what's my responsibility here?” They gave me Gotham Central … and said two things: The origin story of Gordon hasn't been fully explored before. As central as they are, Gordon has never been the focus. And second, you can't worry about that. “We hired you to play you and to make this character fresh.” And they said it without provocation. That coming from the guy who's so well versed in this, saying to make it your own, it was a real pat on the shoulder. There's a tendency with such a familiar world that it can be intimidating. But you got to relax and do it. It ought to be bigger and grander and — frankly — cooler than most, but you have to treat it like a job.
What's been uniquely challenging in terms of shooting the pilot?
To me, this show has to be shot in New York. New York is Gotham and Gotham is New York. It's been incredible to be here. This is my first time shooting here. It's exactly the look and feel and energy that you just cannot fake in a backlot. But it's been 20 degrees and windy. Plus, there's the more practical challenge of creating a new world. If a Toyota Corolla drives by in the background, it doesn't make any difference what you're doing performance-wise — it's not usable.
You have to be envious sometimes when the other actors have cool nicknames and outfits and wicked traits, and you have to put on your tie.
Yes! You don't want them to be the straight man to everybody else, the rube who's kind of boring. You have to trust the fact that we're telling Jim's story. Why are we telling their story? We're telling it because in a world that's about to fall apart due to all of these people, when there is no reason to be good, he's the one man standing up and saying, “No, that's not right.” And there's inherent power to that. Besides, I don't want to be the hippest guy. I don't want to sit around in a fedora and skinny jeans.
PREVIOUS: See our must-read interview with Gotham creator Bruno Heller
Investigators are operating off the premise that the 28-year-old Afghan immigrant suspected of planting bombs in New Jersey and New York this weekend did not act alone – at least until proven otherwise – despite indications to the contrary at a news conference Monday, two sources told Fox News.
The sources said the view among rank-and-file investigators in New York and New Jersey and at the federal level in Washington is that the search is not over.
Rep. Mike McCaul, R-Texas, chairperson of the House Homeland Security Committee, also told Fox News' “America's Newsroom” that they can't definitively say Ahmad Khan Rahami acted alone.
“We don't know for certain yet,” McCaul said, adding that it would be “very significant” if investigators find they were part of a cell and not a so-called lone wolf.
McCaul said the suspect's computers are being analyzed to, among other things, determine any conversations they may have had with any operatives in countries like Pakistan, Afghanistan or Syria. Rahami was charged late Monday in New Jersey with five counts of attempted murder of a police officer.
A source working the investigation told Fox News that while there are no known additional suspects, based on the circumstances, it's "highly likely" Rahami had help -- but investigators had no indication who might have provided that assistance. One possibility is that Rahami received bomb-making training.
A government source also told Fox News that a note with Arabic symbols or writing was found with one of the unexploded devices turned up in the frenzied search after a bomb went off in New York's Chelsea neighborhood Saturday night. The source said the symbols were described as "typical of ISIS."
While investigators apparently are not ruling out outside help, officials have publicly said they see no evidence of a broader cell.
FBI Assistant Director William Sweeney, Jr. said Monday there are no indications Rahami was part of a terror cell in the New York/New Jersey area, though they said the FBI is looking into whether they acted alone or had assistance.
There is also growing evidence that the seeds of Rahami's radicalization were sown overseas, and the FBI is focused on at least three trips to their native Afghanistan. A law enforcement source said the frequency of the trips was not suspicious at the time because of their family ties, and the number of trips did not suggest Rahami had outside help to pay for the flights.
A government source said both the father and brother also traveled to Pakistan, and there was a long-strained relationship between the family and the local community over the operating hours of their New Jersey chicken restaurant. According to these court documents, the family sued local authorities, alleging they were singled out by police because they are from Afghanistan and because of their Muslim faith.
Further, there is new information about prior contact between the FBI and the suspect after a domestic dispute. The victim alleged that Rahami also showed signs of possible radicalization. Two sources confirmed the FBI followed up on the lead, but there was not enough to pursue, and the original allegations were withdrawn.
The Associated Press also reported Tuesday that, according to a law enforcement official, Rahami's father contacted the FBI after the 2014 incident to voice concerns their son was a terrorist. That reportedly was later retracted.
McCaul said they believe Rahami “turned into a terrorist” following their overseas visits.
Fox News' Catherine Herridge and Rick Leventhal contributed to this report.
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For Newcastle United , this is shaping up to be the biggest and deepest overhaul of playing personnel for nearly 20 years.
Think back to 1992/3, when Kevin Keegan started consolidating the momentum generated by their arrival with bona fide game-changing arrivals like Peter Beardsley and Andy Cole. Or the mid-nineties, when the process of ruthless cutting of squad members was justified by bringing in the likes of David Ginola, Alan Shearer and Les Ferdinand.
More recently, the board see paralells in what happened in 2010. Newcastle used money generated by Andy Carroll's departure to re-shape the landscape completely – selling Kevin Nolan and Joey Barton to bring in Demba Ba and Yohan Cabaye. It was the first shots of a quiet revolution.
There is nothing quiet about this summer's revolution. Rafa Benitez promised changes and affirmative action and that is what is being delivered.
Solid, Championship signings are arriving quickly but just as crucially, three of their longest servers have now gone. Fabricio Coloccini, Papiss Cisse and Steven Taylor needed to go – others who have added to the climate of fatalism that Steve McClaren struggled with will follow.
Almost as incredibly, the club are replacing them quickly and sensibly. You can see the logic of Benitez's every move: there is faith in their judgement.
For those of us who sat in the Newcastle United boardroom a few years ago to be told – quite bluntly – that the club knew it might never win over a sizeable section of its support, the last three months have felt quite extraordinary.
The depth of discontent felt by many United fans was acknowledged in the boardroom by Derek Llambias. The feeling was no doubt shared by Lee Charnley, who hoped that Newcastle's approach would be cuter and smarter than their rivals: unpopular, perhaps, in the short-term but borne out in the end.
The idea that Newcastle had been too prone to emotional, knee-jerk decisions in the past was behind much of the logic of the last few years but it perhaps veered too far in the other direction. The refreshing thing about the close season so far is seeing everyone with the club's interests at heart essentially singing from the same hymn sheet.
Benitez arrived at Newcastle perhaps three weeks too late to save the club from relegation. United should have made the change after Chelsea but Charnley took the temperature of influential figures, listened to the dressing room, took counsel from the man themselves and surmised that Steve McClaren could still be capable of saving Newcastle.
Their judgement was flawed but it has been better this summer. The often overly political and complicated power-lines at Newcastle have been stripped back and simplified: Benitez's calls are the ones that matter now.
That means Graham Carr is now answerable to Benitez. Charnley also takes Benitez's counsel on signings. That is a massive change from last summer when the recruitment drive was the work of those two men. A reconfigured board – one of the little details yet to be revealed – will be confirmed and announced when the guts of the recruitment drive have been concluded.
What Benitez is doing now is using the power afforded to them to do nothing less than re-shape the entire playing staff in their own image.
The first requirement in their negotiations was to be able to build a squad good enough to blow away the division. No ifs, no buts and no excuses: Benitez wanted a sensible level of resource to be able to redress the imbalances in the squad and make the group big enough and good enough to cope with any of the challenges thrown at him.
Doubts over Tim Krul's fitness and – perhaps – Karl Darlow's aerial presence have led to Matz Sels arriving. It looks unforgiving for the outsider but Benitez sensed too much complacency among many of the squad.
Benitez also wants to bring in others: another striker to replace Papiss Cisse, a midfielder in Isaac Hayden but he'd also like a left-back and quite possibly another midfielder. There has been talk of building a squad that would enable the club to field two XIs that could win the division.
It also meant beefing up the defence – literally and metaphorically – and explains why the club have signed their first over-30 for six years. It also gives you an explanation for why Grant Hanley – big and strong but hardly a like-for-like replacement for the nimble Fabricio Coloccini – is one of their targets.
United's attitude is this: they have the best manager, the largest support, the biggest wage bill and – by the time they're finished – the best squad by a distance. If those things don't lead to the title and promotion, it will be extraordinary.
Just as crucially, big earners with big reputations who weren't delivering are leaving. Cisse and Coloccini are still more than good enough for a crack at the second tier but in truth they lacked the heart for a crack at the Championship.
Benitez is assessing which others are not conduicive to the professional, upbeat atmosphere they want to create. There will be other departures and it may be that by the time they kick off next season, Paul Dummett will be the club's longest serving player.
Benitez still has big issues to sort. Moussa Sissoko's determination to leave will test their mettle, but he's coped with worse. Decisions on the captaincy and the number nine shirt are symbolically important.
Then there is the future to think about. What United might have done if they were a Premier League club doesn't bear thinking about: they will need a similar brutal and ambitious recruitment drive next summer if they go up.
But first things first – the transformation of Newcastle United is underway. It feels like an exciting time to be at St James' Park.
Jonathan Greer (Screenshot/WTOK)
An Alabama pastor is claiming they were fired from their post at their church because they invited black children to attend its Vacation Bible School, WTOK reports.
Pastor Jonathan Greer told the station they were unanimously voted out Sunday, and the deacon of Mt. Sterling Baptist Church in Butler told them they couldn't invite black churchgoers.
“There was push-back about the types of children that we were bringing in,” Greer told the station. “And I was asked to not invite black children to the VBS.”
A deacon from the church told WTOK that Greer's firing was not because of race but because Greer didn't work with the church's deacons and didn't visit members of the congregation.
“What they really mean is that someone can wander in off the street and they won't stop them, but they specifically asked me, explicitly, not to invite black people. I tried to communicate with them that that's not consistent with Christianity,” Greer told the station.
Greer said they refused to go quietly and on Sunday gave their last sermon about racism.
“I wanted the church to know that this is not consistent with the gospel,” they told WTOK. “This is not consistent with God's word that we honor and give dignity to all people. That's what the Bible teaches us, and all people are worthy and in need of the gospel, and racism denies that to a certain amount of people.”
Watch the report, from WTOK, here:
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - When popular Chinese handset maker Xiaomi Inc admitted that its devices were sending users' personal information back to a server in China, it prompted howls of protest and an investigation by Taiwan's government.
Three models of China's Xiaomi Mi phones are pictured during their launch in New Delhi in this July 15, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee/Files
The affair has also drawn attention to just how little we know about what happens between our smartphone and the outside world. In short: it might be in your pocket, but you don't call the shots.
As long as a device is switched on, it could be communicating with at least three different masters: the company that built it, the telephone company it connects to, and the developers of any third party applications you installed on the device - or were pre-installed before you bought it.
All these companies could have programed the device to send data ‘back home' to them over a wireless or cellular network - with or without the user's knowledge or consent. In Xiaomi's case, as soon as a user booted up their device it started sending personal data ‘back home'.
This, Xiaomi said, was to allow users to send SMS messages without having to pay operator charges by routing the messages through Xiaomi's servers. To do that, the company said, it needed to know the contents of users' address books.
“What Xiaomi did originally was clearly wrong: they were collecting your address book and sending it to themselves without you ever agreeing to it,” said Mikko Hypponen, whose computer security company F-Secure helped uncover the problem. “What's more, it was sent unencrypted.”
Xiaomi has said it since fixed the problem by seeking users' permission first, and only sending data over encrypted connections, they noted.
INDUSTRY ISSUE
Xiaomi is by no means alone in grabbing data from your phone as soon as you switch it on.
A cellular operator may collect data from you, ostensibly to improve how you set up your phone for the first time, says Bryce Boland, Asia Pacific chief technology officer at FireEye, an internet security firm. Handset makers, they said, may also be collecting information, from your location to how long it takes you to set up the phone.
“It's not that it's specific to any handset maker or telco,” said Boland. “It's more of an industry problem, where organizations are taking steps to collect data they can use for a variety of purposes, which may be legitimate but potentially also have some privacy concerns.”
Many carriers, for example, include in their terms of service the right to collect personal data about the device, computer and online activities - including what web sites users visit. One case study by Hewlett-Packard (HPQ.N) and Qosmos, a French internet security company, was able to track individual devices to, for example, identify how many Facebook (FB.O) messages a user sent. The goal: using all this data to pitch users highly personalized advertising.
But some users fear it's not just the carriers collecting such detailed data.
Three years ago, users were alarmed to hear that U.S. carriers pre-installed an app from a company called Carrier IQ that appeared to transmit personal data to the carrier.
Users filed a class-action lawsuit, not against the carriers but against handset makers including HTC Corp (2498.TW), Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and LG Electronics (066570.KS) which, they say, used the software to go beyond collecting diagnostic data the carriers needed.
The suit alleges the handset firms used the Carrier IQ software to intercept private information for themselves, including recording users' email and text messages without their permission - data the users claim may also have been shared with third parties. The companies are contesting the case.
And then there are the apps that users install. Each requires your permission to be able to access data or functions on your device - the microphone, say, if you want that device to record audio, or locational data if you want it to provide suggestions about nearby restaurants.
SHEDDING SOME LIGHT
But it isn't always easy for a user to figure out just what information or functions are being accessed, what data is then being sent back to the developers' servers - and what happens to that data once it gets there. Bitdefender, a Romania-based antivirus manufacturer, found last year that one in three of Android smartphone apps upload personal information to “third party companies, without specifically letting you know.”
Not only is this hidden from the user, it's often unrelated to the app's purpose.
Take for example, an Android app that turns your device into a torch by turning on all its lights - from the camera flash to the keyboard backlight. When users complained about it also sending location-based data, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission forced the app's Idaho-based developer to make clear the free app was also collecting data so it could target users with location-specific ads. Even so, the app has been installed more than 50 million times and has overwhelmingly positive user reviews.
While most concerns are about phones running Android, Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) devices aren't free from privacy concerns.
Carriers control the code on the SIM, for example, and this is one possible way to access data on the phone. And, despite stricter controls over apps in Apple's app store, FireEye's Boland says their company continues to find malicious apps for the iOS platform, and apps that send sensitive data without the user knowing. “The iPhone platform is more secure than the Android platform, but it's certainly not perfect,” they said.
Apple says its iOS protects users' data by ensuring apps are digitally signed and verified by Apple's own security system.
BACK IN THE DRIVING SEAT
The problem, then, often isn't about whether handset makers, app developers and phone companies are grabbing data from your phone, but what kind of data, when, and for what.
“If we look at the content sent by many apps it's mindboggling how much is actually sent,” said Boland. “It's impossible for someone to really know whether something is good or bad unless they know the context.”
Handset makers need to be clear with users about what they're doing and why, said Carl Pei, director at OnePlus, a Shenzhen, China-based upstart rival to Xiaomi. OnePlus collects “anonymous statistical information” such as where a phone is activated, the model and the version of software that runs on it, Pei said, which helps them make better decisions about servicing customers and where to focus production.
Unlike Xiaomi, Pei said, OnePlus' servers are based in the United States, which in the light of recent privacy concerns, they said, “gives people greater peace of mind than having them based out of China.”
That peace of mind may be elusive as long as there's money to be made, says David Rogers, who teaches mobile systems security at the University of Oxford and chairs the Device Security Group at the GSMA, a global mobile industry trade association.
“Users are often sacrificed to very poor security design and a lack of consideration for privacy,” they said. “At the same time, taking user data is part of a profit model for many corporations so they don't make it easy for users to prevent what is essentially data theft.”
It's almost a pattern now: a director with a mature film goes to the most regressive and conservative Censor Board in recent history, already having announced the release date.
The Board then rejects the movie, sending the filmmaker into a media frenzy. HuffPo articles come out condemning the ‘ban'. The director furiously retweets every piece on the Internet bemoaning the rejection. National dailies' editorials question the existence of a Censor Board in the first place.
Applications are sent to the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal (FCAT) or to a High Court, depending on the clout of the producer. A compromise is arrived at — some cuts and disclaimers in exchange for a release. Begrudgingly, the director puts on a public show of celebration, and the movie comes out censored anyway, diluting the victory and defeating the principles of free expression on which the fight was waged in the first place.
Rinse and repeat.
Legitimising censorship
It happened with Anurag Kashyap's Ugly, it happened to Udta Punjab, and it happened with Haraamkhor. Now it just happened with Lipstick Under My Burkha. Many documentaries are navigating their way through that process too.
Even with an ‘A' certificate, the Lipstick team has agreed to multiple cuts in the movie, though they won't really disclose what those cuts are. This is precisely the sort of spineless subjugation that reinforces the legitimacy of the Censor Board. While that might sound counter-intuitive, think about it: if filmmakers fought protracted public battles against the Censor Board, and ultimately end up accepting cuts from the FCAT or a court, aren't they implicitly legitimizing censorship as a necessary concept, even if in moderation?
This is what tainted the Udta Punjab ruling — the court ruled in favour of the drug problem in Punjab being portrayed cinematically, not in favour of freedom of speech. In fact, the court actually asked for a cut in the movie, which decimated the case's usability as precedent in future freedom of speech-related disputes.
But what about the ₹₹₹?
Even as early as 2014, I would begrudgingly empathize with filmmakers who compromised on censorship in favour of getting their films released.
But a lot has changed in three years.
Right now, there are multiple streaming platforms that would pay good money — better than theatrical revenue, even — for a film like Lipstick. Netflix, especially, works internationally with enough money to double an indie studio's investment in a movie's budget. That's something an Indian theater-going audience will never manage to pony up, simply because of how cheap Indian movie tickets are.
But with something like Netflix, filmmakers don't even need a theatrical release. Is it good to see your movie in the big screen and rake in theatrical revenue? Sure. But at the cost of reinforcing the legitimacy of pre-censorship of cinema? I don't see the financial or moral sense in doing that.
Go digital or go home
Indian filmmakers would very much like there to be no Censor Board. Perhaps if many of our films came out online, safely outside the purview of the Board, legislators might question the existence of that institution. But our filmmakers care less about principles and more about seeing what they have made — even if butchered into submission — on a big screen.
Producers are equally, if not more, to blame here — you finance a movie with mature themes and a small budget and feel entitled to a theatrical release? I'm sorry, but have you even read the news lately? And you do know how much $$$ (not ₹₹₹) you can make from an online release, right? You do know that it is way more than what you'd make on the big screen in India, right? You do know that the movie will go directly to international audiences, right? Then what the hell are you doing making compromises with the devil?
As long as this culture of accepting censorship, no matter how mild, continues, I think it is moral to theatrically boycott movies that make that compromise, while pretending that they have won some huge battle for freedom of expression. And Lipstick Under My Burkha made that compromise.
Who knows, perhaps the movie will come out uncensored on Netflix a month after it releases butchered in theaters. I'll probably watch it if that happens. If it comes out on Amazon, it will be censored, which means that, at least for me, the boycott will continue.
Croissants and ISIS: Meet the Belgian National With Experience in Both
Would you like some jihad with that? In Antwerp, Belgium, a former Islamic State militant is running a bakery shop selling bread, sandwiches, pastry and coffee.
Born and raised in a Catholic family in an Antwerp suburb, shop owner Michael – their last name is withheld – converted to Islam in 2007 and took on the name Younès, according to reports by the French magazine Paris Match and European television channel RTL.
In 2012 the 26-year-old joined the radical Islamic group Sharia4Belgium, which was dissolved in the same year for incitement of hatred and is currently forbidden. At the end of 2013 Younès left Belgium for Syria.
‘The main reason I left is because I wanted to live in an Islamic environment,” they remember.
Younès spent six weeks with an ISIS army faction in Aleppo, where they engaged in battle with the Free Syrian Army.
“I slept with my AK47 and two grenades next to my head,” they recall. They say the reason they stayed in Syria for just six weeks is because they missed their family. Younès is father to two sons and is divorced.  They are currently married to a seventeen-year-old Muslim woman.
Upon their return, Belgian authorities arrested Younès . They were in pretrial detention for two months, after which a Belgian court handed them a three year suspended sentence, because it could not be proven they had committed any crimes during their stay in Syria.  They are currently in a government program for returned militants.
However, Younès admits to having tortured people and still has an ISIS flag hanging over their bed.
“Prisoners were blindfolded and when they refused to answer questions they were whipped. It is a country at war; people were used to it,” they said.
Younès claims they have renounced jihad but is convinced that “Islamic ideology and Islam will one day dominate the world.” They also say they have no regrets about their time in Syria.
Un jihadiste belge rentré de Syrie témoigne dans @ParisMatch Devenu boulanger, il ne regrette rien. @BGiroudon pic.twitter.com/1z7n0AHxyH — Pauline Delassus (@PaulineDelassus) September 23, 2015
Younès doesn't sell ham in their bakery, but uses turkey as a substitute. They like being their own boss, so they are free to pray five times a day. They only wears traditional Islamic garb at home, but not at the shop, because that would not be good for business. They do, however, sport a bushy beard and refuses to shake hands with women.
About the Yazidi women captured by ISIS and being sold as slaves, Younès said it's “better to be a slave than to be dead.” They also shared their thoughts on Palmyra, the UNESCO world heritage site that has been partly destroyed by ISIS: “The Islamic court forces us there. These places were places of disbelief.”
Last month, ISIS militants beheaded an archeologist who looked after the ruins for more than 40 years.
On social media the response to Younès' story has been mostly negative, with many commenters calling to boycott the bakery and some even threatening with violence.
“Another crazy one. Is there anyone in Antwerp who can go take care of this?” one reader writes.
“When will justice finally protect citizens?” somebody else wonders.
“He went from being a butcher to being a baker. That's one step in the right direction,” says another, in one of the very few more positive reactions.
Belgium, with a population of 11 million, is one of Europe's biggest suppliers of foreign fighters for ISIS, with an estimated 380-480 nationals having travelled to Iraq or Syria to join the caliphate.
Subscribe to our newsletter
(Image: Shaun A. Marcott et al./Science)
Earth's temperature is changing faster now than at any time since the last ice age, according to a new analysis of global temperatures spanning the last 11,300 years.
The study has produced the first extension of the notorious “hockey stick” temperature graph all the way back to the end of the last ice age.
It suggests that we are not quite out of the natural range of temperature variation yet, but will be by the end of the century.
Advertisement
Thermometre measurements only exist back to around 1860, so when climatologists reconstruct historical temperatures, they must use proxies. Tree rings, for instance, are useful because they are thicker during warm years when trees can grow faster.
Shaun Marcott of Oregon State University in Corvallis and colleagues have compiled 73 such proxies from around the world, all of which reach back to the end of the last glacial period, 11,300 years ago. During this period, known as the Holocene, the climate has been relatively warm – and civilisation has flourished.
“Most global temperature reconstructions have only spanned the past 2000 years,” says Marcott.
Marcott's graph shows temperatures rising slowly after the ice age, until they peaked 9500 years ago. The total rise over that period was about 0.6 °C. They then held steady until around 5500 years ago, when they began slowly falling again until around 1850. The drop was 0.7 °C, roughly reversing the previous rise.
Then, in the late 19th century, the graph shows temperatures shooting up, driven by humanity's greenhouse gas emissions.
Unprecedented warming
The rate of warming in the last 150 years is unlike anything that happened in at least 11,000 years, says Michael Mann of the Pennsylvania State University in University Park, who was not involved in Marcott's study. It was Mann who created the original hockey stick graph (see upper graph here), which showed the change in global temperatures over the last 1000 years.
Over the Holocene, temperatures rose and fell less than 1 °C, and they did so over thousands of years, says Marcott. “It took 8000 years to go from warm to cold.” Agriculture, communal life and forms of government all arose during this relatively stable period, they add. Then in 100 years, global temperatures suddenly shot up again to very close to the previous maximum.
How fast temperatures change is the real issue of climate change, says Mann. “That's what challenges our adaptive capacity.” Rapid change means farming practices must alter quickly, and preparations for extreme weather events must also be rapidly put in place.
Wobbly planet
The gradual changes through the Holocene were driven by changes in Earth's rotation, says Marcott. The planet is tilted about 23° relative to the plane of its orbit, and this tilt increased early in the Holocene before decreasing again. “It sort of wobbles,” Marcott says. A greater tilt increases the amount of sunlight at the poles during summer, and this keeps the planet warmer.
If humans had not begun warming the planet by releasing greenhouse gases, Earth would eventually return to an ice age. “If we were following the orbital trend we'd still be cooling,” Marcott says.
Marcott's data suggests that the planet is now nearly – but not quite – as warm as at its warmest point in the last 11,000 years.Some climatologists have suggested that it is already hotter, but it is difficult to say for sure due to uncertainties in the data.
Mann says it should be possible to find out. They point out that, according to Marcott's data, the tropics are currently hotter than at any point during the Holocene. The poles, on the other hand, appear to have been unusually warm in the past. But Marcott's data set contains a lot of data from the far north, and Mann thinks it might be slightly exaggerating past warmth.
“It's possible, given the potential bias, that there is in fact no precedent over the past 11,000 years,” says Mann says.
Even if we are not yet hotter than the entire Holocene, we will soon be. Marcott examined the latest climate models' temperature predictions for this century, and found that by 2100 they were all outside the Holocene range. “The projections for 2100 will be very clearly outside the entire distribution of the data,” Marcott says.
Journal reference: Science, DOI: 10.1126/science.1228026
Starting tomorrow, owners of the LG V10 on Verizon will begin to see an update to Android 6.0 Marshmallow. According to Verizon's support section dedicated to the V10, the update will arrive as software version VS99022A.
Verizon isn't saying how big the update will be, but it should be a decent size. Be sure you have plenty of battery tomorrow should you check and see the update as available.
In the update, users will receive Now on Tap access, the benefits of Doze on battery life when idle, clearly upfront control over app permissions, an actual silent mode, more control over notifications, and what I can only imagine are a bunch of bug fixes and enhancements that we typically see with big updates.
Again, the update is scheduled to begin rolling out on March 24, so don't be shocked if it isn't there just yet. To check in the morning, head into Settings>About Phone>Software updates>Check for Update>Download now.
On a side note, is this the first V10 to get Marshmallow? It might be. And if so, good job, Big Red.
UPDATE 9:25AM: We are being told from readers that the update is now live. Go check!
Dammit, mystery Secret Santa! You reached into my deepest desires and pulled out something I only dared to dream in receiving as a present.
When my secret santa asked me if I wanted something from my Amazon wishlist or to simply find me someting based on my interests via Reddit, NEVER in my wildest dreams would I thought to receive.... A MOTHERFUCKING MINI DONUT MAKER!!!!!! Of all the wishlist items I have (which are all books for thesis research) I wished for the lone little mini donut maker as a joke stating I needed it for my research, since my thesis has to do with food, after all.
Secret Santa, you have no idea how HAPPY I am to receive this beautiful object of pure gluttony. Not only I can make donuts (fuck yeah donuts) I can actually make use of this for my grad research! Thank you so much!!!!! If I knew you who were, I'd mail you a sweet greeting card. Thanks!!
We've seen them glowing on New York City theater billboards, Las Vegas casinos and Hong Kong high-rises. They cast unbidden light and shadow into restaurants and homes and are a part of the daily scenery for millions. But neon signs, once a vital part of a city's culture and barometer for its economic climate, are fading out of sight as the once-popular technology disappears from the streets.
An online exhibition tells the story of neon's history, which began purely by accident.
When the British chemist William Ramsay was first trying to identify the element neon, a noble gas they discovered in 1898, they enclosed it in a container and applied electricity. A “blaze of crimson” came from the container — the first sparks of a new industry.
Now, neon has become a symbol of capitalism, business and the economic climate that surrounds it. But lower-cost alternatives are replacing it, especially in Hong Kong, where thousands of signs are being taken down. Hong Kong's M+ Museum has begun building a permanent collection of these signs and created an online exhibition where users can check out a map of signs around Hong Kong along with essays on the signs' cultural significance.
First, a primer on how they work: to make the signs, craftspeople bend tubes of heated glass into a desired shape. The glass is filled with a combination of gases that respond to electricity by emitting light; “neon” has become industry shorthand for the effect that these gases produce. Electrical leads are embedded to each end, and when a voltage is applied, it excites electrons in the gases' atoms — causing a glow.
French engineer Georges Claude created the first neon lamp in 1902, and in 1910 displayed their invention publicly for the first time at the Paris Motor Show. In 1912, Claude created what many believe to be the first neon advertisement: the words “PALAIS COIFFEUR,” which lit up 14 boulevard Montmartre in Paris. By 1914, more than 100 businesses in Paris followed suit, attracting attention to their storefronts with neon. Claude was awarded a U.S. patent for the neon light in 1915 and began selling licenses to others who wanted to produce them.
Neon did not come to the U.S. until 1923, when the Roaring 20s were underway and the automotive industry was booming. Claude sold a pair of neon signs to a Packard car dealership in Los Angeles, which stopped traffic among onlookers who reportedly called the light “liquid fire.” The U.S. auto industry had new visual shorthand for the consumerism that drove it.
“I think people really respond to neon,” said Kevin Adams, a theatrical lighting designer who used neon-imitating LEDs in a design for the Metropolitan Opera's production of “Rigoletto” in 2013. “There's a kind of cool factor related to it that people respond to.”
Wherever the signs are used, they are a visual hallmark of consumerist city culture, said Lawrence Pun, a cultural critic living in Hong Kong. “The visual stimulus of the neon sign seems to reflect the prosperity that fuels urbanites' desires,” Pun wrote in an essay for the M+ Museum exhibit. “Capitalist society is predicated on city dwellers' desire to consume.”
This prosperity was apparent in a 1929 description of New York City's neon lights from the newspaper “Brooklyn Life and Activities of Long Island Society,” published roughly three months before the stock market crashed:
From the corner of Broadway and Forty-second Street, where the bright-light district begins, the view at night is a vast panorama of color red squares and rectangles enclosing green letterings and blue-purplish lines providing a setting for yellow flashes and orange bolts of electric lighting. Looking to the east, deep red is easily the favorite. Crimson lights proclaim the wares of radio stores, restaurants, drug stores and a merchandiser of sporting goods.
In the 1930s, even as the Great Depression plunged the U.S. economy into crisis, neon swept through the country, with Times Square becoming its neon epicenter. Meanwhile, Hong Kong's first neon shop opened in 1932, and neon signs gained popularity in Hong Kong during the 1930s and in the postwar era.
As a medium that first gained a foothold in advertising, the rise of neon, and eventually its decline, are strongly associated with consumer wealth and economic class. Its early use for automotive advertising links it to the industry that President Barack Obama recently credited with having “built the middle class in this country.” At the time they first appeared in the 1920s, neon signs were a sign of strong business.
But neon gradually became associated with lower classes. While businesses began to replace neon signs in the 1950s and 1960s, many of the businesses that retained them were working-class establishments — mostly “cheap, rather run-down bars, hotels and restaurants that could not afford brand-new advertising displays,” according to the book “Flickering Light: A History of Neon.”
In Hong Kong, neon signs now mostly appear outside independent businesses as global corporations phase them out, according to Christoph Ribbat, a Professor of American Studies at the University of Paderborn, Germany. But as even those are taken down and replaced by LEDs, fluorescent tubes and other alternatives, locals ask what is being lost.
One of Hong Kong's iconic signs, the neon cow that appeared outside of Sammy's Kitchen for over 35 years, was taken down this month after the Hong Kong Buildings Department ruled it illegal. The M+ Museum will acquire that sign.
Sammy Yip, who owns Sammy's Kitchen, told the South China Morning Post they were glad it would find a new home in the museum. “At least I can go there and have a look at it from time to time,” they said. “I have deep emotional attachment to this neon cow.”
Lower-cost alternatives can mimic neon, but its brightness and vivid colors are hard to fully reproduce, according to Adams. “There's just nothing else like it,” they said. “The colors that neon can make, you can't reproduce with other products — the deep purples and ambers and yellows.”
Today, the storefront that first displayed a neon sign in Paris has become a Hard Rock Café, the American theme restaurant whose brand rests on nostalgic rock-and-roll memorabilia and neon.
Many cities still have neon artists producing signs, Adams said. But they questioned how many people will know the difference as they eventually fall out of use.
“Do they even notice when it's not neon?” they said.
The coincidence could hardly be more unfortunate, but it could not have been foreseen. Back in March, on the second anniversary of their pontificate, Pope Francis announced a year to be dedicated to the major theme of their papacy, mercy.
The Year of Mercy, they announced, will begin on the day the church calls the Solemnity of the Immaculate Conception, December 8.
“I am convinced,” Francis said, “that the whole church will find in this jubilee the joy needed to rediscover and make fruitful the mercy of God, with which all of us are called to give consolation to every man and woman of our time.”
Here in Australia, however, the year of mercy will start not with joy but with an inquisition. The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse will turn its focus back on the Catholic Church, with hearings in Melbourne starting on December 7. For the third time, Cardinal George Pell will be called into the witness box.
Among the many descriptors that have been applied to Cardinal Pell, “merciful” does not feature prominently.
“The situation with Pell is that they are doing a good job with the finance stuff and the leaks against them are a measure of that.”
There was nothing merciful about the way the Sydney archdiocese sought to protect the church's assets from claims by victims. Under Pell, the church's lawyers were relentless – and successful – in their determination to establish in law a defence that says because the trusts that hold the church's enormous wealth do not actually employ its priests, they could not be held liable for compensation for the acts of those priests.
Although Pell later expressed in the commission “some concern” about the way some litigation had been handled, they also infamously told it they believed the Catholic Church to be no more legally responsible for priests who abuse children than a trucking company that employs a driver who molests women.
This is the quality of their mercy.
The signal dearth of consolation offered during their leadership of the church to the victims of sexual abuse has now been well explored. But a lack of compassion is no crime.
Days of grilling
In the upcoming hearings Pell is expected to face several days of grilling about more serious allegations going back decades: that they were aware of abuse occurring, actively sought to cover it up and by their actions facilitated its continuation.
Those allegations were detailed in hearings of the commission six months ago.
“I think this is a very, very tight situation for ... Cardinal [Pell],” said Francis Sullivan, CEO of the church's Truth, Justice and Healing Council, speaking to ABC Radio in June, at the end of two weeks of hearings in Ballarat where the claims were made.
“The last two weeks in Ballarat ... I was there ... left most of us with more questions than answers,” they said.
Those questions go back several decades, to between 1973 and 1983, when Pell was an assistant priest in Ballarat East, and Ballarat was a hotbed of sexual abuse. They are of the “What did they know and when did they know it?” variety. What did they know of the actions of probably Australia's most infamous paedophile priest, Gerald Ridsdale, with whom they shared accommodation in the early 1970s and whom they later accompanied to court? What was their involvement in decisions to move Ridsdale and other offenders from parish to parish in response to claims of abuse? What was their involvement in the alleged offering of inducements to victims to remain silent?
We need not go further into the detail here. Most of the claims have been raised before and denied by Pell, as they were again after their most recent airing in Ballarat. And they will be explored in forensic detail by the commission soon enough. Sullivan noted – perhaps hopefully – in their June interview with Fran Kelly that the royal commission had greater investigative powers than any other forum in which the claims have previously been made. But even Pell's most trenchant critics suspect the outcome will be, as one put it, “He said, they said.”
That does not mean it won't be damaging. There are many people – here in Australia but also, more importantly, in Rome – ready to seize on any little bit of evidence they can find to undermine Pell. And for a variety of reasons, some more pure than others.
Cleaning up the finances
In February last year, Francis, the pope of mercy, appointed Pell to one of the most powerful positions in Rome – prefect of the secretariat for the economy, essentially the Vatican's treasurer.
On the face of it, it seems an odd appointment. The two men are so different. Francis the reformer and Pell the traditionalist. Francis the self-effacing and Pell the self-important. Francis, who ministered to the poor and powerless, and Pell, who surrounded themselves with the rich and powerful. Francis who called for urgent action on climate change in their encyclical in June and Pell who remains, in the words of Kevin Rudd this week, a “radical climate change sceptic”. Francis the compassionate and Pell the insensitive.
But the Pope knew what they were doing. They wanted to clean up the Vatican's finances. And whatever may be said about Pell's pastoral care, even among their harshest critics there is ready acknowledgment they are good with money.
“He's a company man,” says one of those critics, adding that Pell's “brutish” style and outsider status made them the perfect choice to take on the many fiefdoms of church finances, the unaccountability and the corruption.
“His style is to take no prisoners and ask no permission. So they will barge in. They always come up hardy and doesn't carry damage. He's robust and durable. We've seen that for decades, in their ascendancy in the Australian church and now internationally. Pell is a bit of a hero in Rome.”
But he's also put a lot of noses out of joint. Quite calculatedly, on the evidence.
Last December, in Britain's Catholic Herald, Pell wrote an 1800-word piece about their new role, seen as gratuitously offensive to many in the Vatican financial hierarchy. They posed the question that had been put to them by a member of a visiting British parliamentary delegation: “Why did the authorities allow the situation to lurch along, disregarding modern accounting standards, for so many decades?”
Their own printed response was less than diplomatic. “In reply, I began by remarking that their question was one of the first that would come to our minds as English-speakers (lumped together by the rest of the world as ‘Anglos'), but one that might be much lower on the list for people in another culture, such as the Italians.
“Those in the Curia were following long-established patterns. Just as kings had allowed their regional rulers, princes or governors an almost free hand, provided they balanced their books, so too did the popes with the curial cardinals (as they still do with diocesan bishops).”
In their article, Pell stressed the finances of the church were actually much healthier than they appeared, because there was so much previously hidden money.
“The Vatican is not broke,” they wrote. “Apart from the pension fund, which needs to be strengthened for the demands on it in 15 or 20 years, the Holy See is paying its way, while possessing substantial assets and investments.
“In fact, we have discovered that the situation is much healthier than it seemed, because some hundreds of millions of euros were tucked away in particular sectional accounts and did not appear on the balance sheet.”
Resentment and leaks
As might be expected, the controllers of those sectional accounts were resentful, and they replied in kind, leaking claims of lavish spending within Pell's own department. Those claims have surfaced in two new books devoted to the dubious finances of the Vatican: Avarice, by Emiliano Fittipaldi, and Merchants in the Temple, by Gianluigi Nuzzi.
Pell's anonymous critics complain that their department spent some $US540,000 in its first six months on expenses including “tailor-made cloths”.
Pell promptly fired back with this statement: “The recently released books appear to have included false and misleading claims about the management of expenditure by Cardinal Pell and the expenditure incurred by the Secretariat in 2014.”
Pell's statement gave a detailed accounting of their department's spending. The bulk of the expenditure – $317,000 – went on start-up costs for furniture, computers and salaries. Only $4300 went on airfares, “considerably less than many other entities”, and only $2700 was spent on vestments and altar cloths.
An attachment to the statement noted similar false claims had been aired in the media months earlier.
The Catholic media largely saw the spending as fair enough, and the leaks for what they were: an attempt to undermine Pell's mission and an expression of resentment at their methods.
“Since their appointment as Francis's top financial reformer, Pell has been a lightning rod inside the Vatican,” wrote John L. Allen jnr, Vatican watcher with Catholic website Crux.
“Admirers say that Pell's sometimes abrasive style is necessary to cajole a reluctant system to change, while critics argue they sometimes pledge transparency and accountability but operates themselves in secret and without consultation.”
The inescapable conclusion is that there are influential forces within the Vatican gunning for Pell for mercenary reasons. But it's doubtful their leaks will undermine the “convenient marriage”, as one church observer here puts it, between Pell and Pope Francis.
Just last week, the Pope, in an interview with a Dutch newspaper published by and for homeless people, warned the church against hypocrisy on the issue of poverty, saying it was impossible to speak about the poor and the homeless and yet lead the “life of a pharaoh”.
Their comments were seen as reference to revelations of those two new books. For now, Pell is a useful means to get at the pharaohs.
“It's no different from politics anywhere,” says another of Pell's Australian critics. “The situation with Pell is that they are doing a good job with the finance stuff and the leaks against them are a measure of that.
“At the same time, they are a leader amongst those conservative bishops who are unhappy with this reformist Pope.
“At the moment, having Pell there sorting out the finances is more important than the fact that Pell is pissed off about the general direction of things.”
If Pope Francis ever had any doubt that Pell was a convenient ally, it would have been dispelled by last month's synod on the family, says the same source.
“Pell and 12 other bishops wrote to the Pope expressing concern at the way it was running, that it seemed to be leaning too far to the left and moving away from dogma on marriage,” they say.
They subscribe to the theory, advanced in an article in the highly regarded US publication, National Catholic Reporter, that part of Francis's plan in holding the synod was “to flush out the views of the bishops on their reform agenda, to make them show their hand”.
As Pell duly did.
Says another well-placed Australian church source: “This Pope blindsided the conservatives from the start.”
‘A use-by date stamped on him'
None of the people who chose them was a radical, the source says, and they would not have chosen them had they thought them a radical. The positions that the church has cleaved to, on life below the navel, they back all that in.
“But he's decided to … take the foot off the pedal of sexual morality and accelerate down the road of social justice.
“He's not touching doctrine, which has wrong-footed the conservatives. He's changed emphasis and language, disposition, style.”
As for Pell? “There's a use-by date stamped on him.”
Some influential figures in the church think that date has already passed.
Back in June, coincident with the last round of hearings in Ballarat, one of them gave their harsh assessment in an interview with the Nine Network's 60 Minutes.
“He has a catalogue of denigrating people, of acting with callousness, cold-heartedness,” said Peter Saunders. “Almost sociopathic, I would go as far as to say – this lack of care.”
Saunders, themselves a victim of priestly sexual abuse in Britain, was chosen last year to join the nine-member Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors, to advise on the church's response to past abuse and future policy. It reports directly to the Pope.
Francis Sullivan is more circumspect. Asked by Fran Kelly if they also believed Pell should go, they dodged artfully.
“Fortunately I don't have to make that call. Cardinal Pell is a personal appointment of the Pope. And only the Pope can decide when a cardinal's role is untenable or they've done their time.”
Sullivan said they were looking forward to Pell's evidence in response to the allegations against him.
More important, though, they said, was “that the Catholic Church leadership, both in Australia and elsewhere, needs to send every signal they can that the church's interests do not come first, that the kneejerk, protective reaction that often is the case with the church is no longer in play.”
It's not hard to read between Sullivan's words. It's pretty clear how they would like to see the year of mercy begin.
Share this article:A monument honoring Confederate soldiers at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery was removed Wednesday morning and sent into storage, where it will be out of sight.
The owner of the monument, the Long Beach chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, initially said Tuesday it would not remove it, then reportedly had a change of heart later in the day. By 9 Wednesday morning, the monument was gone, removed by a pickup truck and driven off while covered by a tarp.
The cemetery, located on Santa Monica Boulevard, will pay for the removal, the cemetery's Eddy Martinez said, adding it will be placed in “private storage.”
A petition started Tuesday on change.org calling for the monument's removal received 1,564 signatures as of 11 p.m.
The 6-foot monument was erected in 1925 and sits on a plot of land containing the graves of nearly 30 Confederate soldiers and their families who moved to Southern California after the war.
The United Daughters of the Confederacy purchased the grave plots, placed the monument in the center and deeded the plots to individual veterans, Fox11 reported.
Tyler Cassity, the cemetery's president and co-owner, told the Los Angeles Times that someone vandalized the granite boulder monument Tuesday, using a black marker to write “No” across its bronze plaque, which bears the inscription: “In memory of the soldiers of the Confederate army who have died or may die on the Pacific Coast.”
Cassity said they reached out to the Long Beach chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, which owns the monument and — to their relief — ultimately made the decision to take it down to prevent further acts of vandalism.
“I understood everyone's frustration, but I really felt like it wasn't our right to remove the monument. It's kind of against what we're supposed to be doing there, preserving history,” they told The Times. “I think they made a wise decision given how quickly it escalated and what's happening right now in the country.”
Over time, they said, the United Daughters of the Confederacy has been cooperative with the cemetery's requests to modify its annual memorial service. They've stopped doing reenactments, as well as bringing guns and Confederate flags.
“We feel they have a right to commemorate their dead, but Confederate flags and guns can be disturbing to our visitors,” Cassity told The Times.
—City News Service
No alt-right protest in Hollywood? Confederate soldier monument at Forever Cemetery removed was last modified: by
>> Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Daily Newsletters Here!
Follow us:
DETROIT, MI - JUNE 28: A wide view of Comerica Park during a MLB game between the Detroit Tigers and the Chicago White Sox on June 28, 2015 in Detroit, Michigan. The Tigers win on a walk off home run 5-4. (Photo by Dave Reginek/Getty Images)
The Corner: Tigers Add New Faces In The Mix
The Corner: Tigers Add New Faces In The Mix by Adam McIntosh
The Detroit Tigers signed a flurry of players to Minor League deals on Tuesday. One of them, Enrique Burgos, has a chance to make an immediate impact in Detroit's bullpen.
The Detroit Tigers lack of bullpen depth has been well-documented this offseason.
Last month, we examined three veteran free agents the Tigers could target.
In the last week we discussed bringing back Neftali Feliz and using the Rule 5 Draft to select Twins farmhand Nick Burdi.
However, the Tigers quietly added a potential bullpen piece amidst their flurry of moves this week.
27-year-old Enrique Burgos signed a minor league deal on Tuesday, along with catcher Derek Norris, outfielder Jim Adduci and first baseman Edwin Espinal.
We have agreed to terms with OF Leonys Martín on a Major League contract. Additionally, we have signed RHP Enrique Burgos, C Derek Norris, 1B Edwin Espinal & OF Jim Adduci to Minor League contracts for 2018 with invites to Major League Spring Training. — Detroit Tigers (@tigers) December 5, 2017
Burgos last played for the Diamondbacks, where they threw 68.1 innings between 2015-2016.
While their 5.27 ERA, 1.507 WHIP and 38 walks were not great, Burgos suffered from quite a bit of bad luck down in the desert. Burgos has a career FIP of 3.73 and a SIERA of 3.79, a sign that their 5.27 ERA could be the result of bad luck and poor defense in Arizona.
What Burgos was able to control, namely striking hitters out, they succeeded at. The right-hander struck out 82 batters in their 68.1 innings, good for a 10.8 K/9. They played all of 2017 at Triple-A and struck out 39 batters in 35.2 innings.
Burgos is able to strike a lot of hitters out with their two-pitch arsenal thanks to a very live arm. They average 96.8 mph on their fastball and a blistering 88.7 mph on their slider. Their 13.0% swinging strike rate is above the league average. The flame-thrower is able to blow their stuff past hitters at an above average rate.
The most notable thing holding Burgos back is their control. They have walked batters at a 12.7% rate in the show, which equates to about five walks per nine innings.
If the 27-year-old is able to hone in their control, they could serve a valuable role as a middle reliever for the Tigers in 2018 and beyond.
New Tigers pitching coach Chris Bosio has experience helping players develop control later in their career (see Jake Arrieta). There is hope that Burgos can be a diamond in the rough for a Tigers team that is hoping to unearth a few gems during their rebuild.
To create something truly exceptional a craftsman must have their mind fixed on the smallest detail. Hirotaka Fujiwara of Ultra Box, Hiroshima has gone from bumper to bumper on their BMW 2002tii and created possibly the Nirvana of Bavarian automotive builds.
It is a blend of detailed German engineering with a heavy dose of traditional Japanese tuning dusted across the top. The result is simply stunning, and quite possibly the most clean, and detailed build I have ever laid eyes on. Since 2002, Fujiwara-san has been creating European builds, and created this 2002tii firstly as their dream car, but also as a living representation of Ultra Box and the fine craftsmanship customers can expect.
For some the BMW x Hakosuka mix is as crazy as wearing an Armani suit to a food fight, but for some reason it just works so perfectly. The gold on oak green smattered with chrome trim just screams class, and the aerodynamic enhancements are aggressive yet they don't compromise the minimalistic German aesthetics. Fujiwara-san has struck the perfect balance of shock and awe in automotive form. Without a doubt the wing and in-your-face exhaust setup are two very unique features of the build. Perfect lobster-tail welding allows the 80mm exhaust to sit horizontally underneath the chrome rear bumper balancing out the aggressive look that flows forward.
If you thought the exterior looked clean then you just need to take a look at the interior. If there was a crown jewel on this 2002 then the interior is certainly it. A classic Japanese sport-styled office in full red on black leather is the order of the day. White muted stitching adorns the curvature of the interior lines, and finishes everything off perfectly. Fully refurbished gauges, Cobra classic seats, a Weicher's half-cage, and deep-dish steering wheel finish the interior off perfectly. Much like the rooms at the Ritz, no inch of this interior was left; the quality of workmanship is second to none.
After my jaw hit the pavement as I surveyed the interior, Fujiwara-san grinned and popped the bonnet. I had no doubt in my mind that the enginebay would be a total work of art, although how far had they taken it was the burning question? I don't know why I was yet again surprised; the BMW M10 is fed by dual 45mm Weber carbs, making for a crisp rough bark at full throttle. Once again, no detail is overlooked in the engine bay either. Every detail has been carefully thought out, from the polished velocity stacks, to the innovative header cover and the stunning gold-plated pull ring perched out the top of the bonnet. The car isn't just a showpony either, you will often find this 2002 stretching its legs at local circuits, and Fujiwara-san isn't a slouch on the gas pedal either.
The final, finishing feature that sets the build off is the shoes that adorn the 2002. Beautiful 16 inch Hayashi Racing Tyre CR wheels are the order of the day, although in true Ultra Box style they are not exactly stock. Loosing the traditional black highlights to take on some bright gold accents just ties this build up perfectly. These are then wrapped in grippy Pirelli rubber all held together by Ultra Box custom coilovers running spring rates stiffer than a set of Japanese rules.
Roll all this out of the garage and onto the street, and you cause a slight commotion. You can't help but have your attention stolen as you ride past on your bike, or trip on the gutter because you aren't looking where you are walking. It is refreshing to see that in Japan people are looking outside the borders for inspiration and infusions from abroad resulting in super-original and beautiful creations.
Although without a doubt the most incredible thing is witnessing a work of art where every single inch of the car has been included into the master plan. This has resulted in the Ultra Box 2002tii being not an amazing work of art, but an exceptional one.
We were certainly taken with the car when we got to check out a Maserati GranTurismo Sport a few years ago—Maserati makes incredible, dreamy, luxury vehicles. Florida man Michael McGilvary II, age 45, allegedly took an understandable Maserati attraction too far, though—Boca Raton police say they took off with a $150,000 Maserati GranTurismo during a test drive and didn't come back.
Maserati
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The Sun-Sentinel article about McGilvary's alleged grand theft is kind of funny until you remember the guy could end up spending years in jail if convicted. Police reports indicate they entered a Ferrari-Maserati dealership and after showing their license took a test drive in a 2016 GranTurismo. They are—of course—accompanied by a salesperson.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Maxim Video
McGilvary reportedly took the sales associate to the Boca Raton Resort and Club where they claimed they wanted to show off the ride to their girlfriend. Things allegedly went south from there, reports the Florida paper:
McGilvary parked the car at the resort at 501 E. Camino Real, but kept its engine running. They persuaded the salesperson to accompany them to the resort's dock because they “wanted to show them their dad's boat.”
When the boat wasn't there, McGilvary left the employee alone, saying they were going to get their girlfriend.
After about a half-hour, the salesperson got suspicious and spoke with a resort valet who told them McGilvary drove away in the car at least 20 minutes earlier.
Of course, stealing is bad. Stealing anything worth more than $100,000 is even worse. But still, you have to admire the cojones on anyone who would pull such a huge bait-and-switch thinking they might get away with it.
Because if police are correct about McGilvary's actions, they certainly won't get away with it. Still, when Boca Raton PD used the info from the man's license to find them they answered a handful of innocuous questions before shutting down completely once investigators mentioned the missing supercar. After watching security video from the dealership, McGilvary even denied it was them in the footage.
Michael McGilvary is apparently also facing charges in another matter so he's currently in federal custody. It's unclear as to whether the GranTurismo has been recovered yet.
This is not even the first case from recent years of someone using a ruse to take off in this model Maserati. In 2013 another man allegedly took an unauthorized two-day jaunt in a GranTurismo after tricking a garage attendant into believing they were just taking the car to get it serviced. Slick.
Possibly spending a big chunk of time in federal prison isn't worth it, but when it comes to a Maserati like this, we do kind of get the motivation.
h/t Sun-Sentinel
I don't know anyone who doesn't struggle with how to make the most of their time at work. How do you stay on top of an overflowing inbox? How do you get work done when your day is taken up by meetings? How can you get through a continually expanding to-do list? How do you even find time to make a list in the first place?
To make matters worse, there are lots of misconceptions about what time management really comes down to and how to achieve it. Let's look at some of the most common suggestions and assess whether they're actually true.
It's about managing your time. False.
Time management is a misnomer, says Jordan Cohen, a productivity expert and author of “Make Time for the Work That Matters.” They say that it's really about productivity: “We have to get away from labeling it ‘time management'. It's not about time per se but about how productive you can be.” They liken it to the difference between dieting and being healthy. “You can diet all you want,” they say, “but you won't necessarily be healthier.” In the same way, you can pay close attention to how you spend your time, manage your email, etc., but you won't necessarily be more productive.
Teresa Amabile, the Edsel Bryant Ford Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School and coauthor of The Progress Principle, whose expertise in this area comes from reading thousands of work diaries of workers who documented their struggles to get work done, says it's more about managing your overall workload. Many managers simply take on too much. “If you don't keep an eye on the commitments you've made or are making, there is no time management technique that's going to solve that,” they say. Sure, this might be an organization-level problem — many managers overload their team members ­— but they say that most professionals have more control over their workload than they might admit. “It is possible to say no. It is possible to negotiate,” they say. Cohen agrees: “While your schedule may not be yours per se, you can be judicious about what you go to and how you manage it.”
You just need to find the right system or approach. False.
“Having a system can be useful, but it takes more than that,” says Amabile. “And what works for each person, like spending an hour and a half on focused work at the beginning of the day, will not necessarily work for another person.” The key is to continually experiment with techniques. “Some things may or may not work in a particular context or situation,” says Cohen. Try lots of different approaches — really try them. Don't change the way you check email for a week and declare it a failure. Set metrics for measuring success, give the approach time, and consider involving someone else — your boss or a coworker — to help you evaluate whether it really worked.
You need to devote time to change. Somewhat true.
One person I spoke to said their biggest challenge was finding time to put time management systems into place. They didn't have the day or two they felt they needed to set aside. Amabile says this may not be necessary: “Small tweaks can make a big difference. The best approach is to start out with a few small things. Progress in this context might mean that you find yourself with some additional time each day when you can reflect and think. Even if it's just an additional 20 or 30 minutes each day, that's progress.” But it depends on how bad your situation is and how desperate you feel. Amabile mentioned one person who decided to use their vacation week for a major overhaul to achieve less stress. They looked at how they were using their time, their level of commitments, and experimented with a few techniques that people had suggested. “She felt things had gotten so out of control that they wanted to give themselves this gift. But that was an extreme measure that was necessitated by the extreme situation,” says Amabile.
It's up to you — and only you — to get it right. Somewhat true.
This may be partly true. “There is no one who's responsible for how productive you are,” says Cohen. In that sense, this rests on your shoulders.  They are clear: “You're expected to be productive, so you better take this puppy on yourself.” But Cohen and Amabile both say you can't do it alone. “If you're in an organization where there are pressures for immediate responses or turnarounds on all requests or there is no room for any kind of slack, it's very tough to do time management on your own,” says Amabile. They point to Leslie Perlow's research about small tweaks you can make in any work environment. Still, it may be tough. “Organizations unknowingly put a lot of barriers in front of you to get your work done — unclear strategy and clumsy processes, to name just a few,” Cohen says.
If this sounds like your company, Amabile suggests you make attempts to change the culture. “I would urge people to push back in ways that they believe will be effective,” they say. Raise questions like, “How can we be more productive around here?” This can often be more effective than focusing on getting out of your own bind. “You have a responsibility to push back on the organization,” they say. Cohen also thinks it's worth talking with senior management, because it's often bigger than any single manager. “It requires a redesign of how work gets done, where decisions get made, how they get made. There's only so much that a system can take,” they say.
For the lone professional, getting control over your workload and schedule is daunting. But knowing the difference between what people say will work and what actually does may be the first step in the right direction.
There will be more to the arena than just an arena
SACRAMENTO (CBS13) — A judge has rejected an appeal from a group wanting to put a subsidy for the Sacramento Kings arena to a public vote.
Sacramento County Judge Timothy Frawley sided with the city over Sacramento Taxpayers Opposed to Pork.
In their ruling, Frawley wrote “… the court finds that the volume and magnitude of the proponents' procedural errors undermined the integrity of the electoral process.”
Read The STOP Petition Ruling
STOP was challenging whether a $258 million subsidy from the city for the arena should go forward. The group filed enough signatures to qualify the measure for the ballot, but the Sacramento City Clerk ruled there were inconsistencies and errors in the measure that meant it could not go forward.
STOP spokesperson Julian Camacho was understandable disappointed with Wednesday's ruling.
“I'm disappointed,” they said. “The will of the people is being ignored by the mayor and city council.”
Mayor Kevin Johnson applauded the ruling, saying the city stepped up in the face of outside influences.
“Time and time and time again, we have stepped up to the challenge and stood tall,” they said in a statement.
The group filed this lawsuit challenging that ruling. Meanwhile, the city received help from a political-action committee, The 4,000, in its efforts to defend the challenge.
Frawley went into great detail about the inconsistencies that we included in the petitions. While STOP contended they were honest mistakes, the judge said the city clerk made the right decision in tossing the measure.
They also referred to a previous Supreme Court ruling that stated a measure with a high level of errors is likely to cost the public more money if it goes to a vote and is later found invalid, as well as take time and money from actual valid petitions.
Frawley agreed with the city that the proposed measure would also conflict with the city charter and was beyond the power of the people to enact.
“Because the Charter grants the City Council such fiscal authority, the electorate cannot, by ordinance, take it away,” they said in their ruling.
Even if the petition were able to go forward from that point, Frawley says it didn't meet the doctrine of substantial compliance. That doctrine holds that if a measure meets the essential requirements of the law, it wouldn't be tossed on a technicality.
Frawley ruled STOP didn't meet the requirements for this because the petition lacked an enactment clause and the names of the measure's proponents were left out of a published notice of intent.
The Kings hope to break ground on the arena by September, with a projected opening by October of 2016.
This petition isn't the only matter that stands in the way of the arena. The owners of the old Macy's Men's Store building at 600 K Street have declined to sell to the city or the team. The city has begun an eminent domain process against CalPERS and the rest of the building's owners.
MORE NEWS
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Everyone knew today's Rally to Restore Sanity would be a hit, and if the independent estimates of crowd size are any indication, Jon Stewart's rally was the most well attended of the year as it is estimated that at least 250,000 people attended. This number easily doubles and almost triples the attendance for Glenn Beck's Rally to Restore Honor.
A CTV story estimated the crowd size at 250,000, “In an impassioned 15-minute speech, Stewart told a crowd estimated to number at least 250,000, that their presence has restored their sanity.” Even the AP conservatively offered an estimate that the crowd size rivaled Beck's, “Screens showed a variety of pundits and politicians from the left and right, engaged in divisive rhetoric. Prominently shown: Glenn Beck, whose conservative Restoring Honor rally in Washington in August was part of the motivation for the Stewart and Colbert event, called the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear. It appeared to rival Beck's rally in attendance.”
During the rally, the hosts of Myth Busters estimated the crowd at 150,000. No matter which estimate one chooses to go with, it's clear that the crowd size greatly exceeded the 60,000 that Comedy Central expected when they applied for their park permit. There were reports that the crowd exceeded the designated rally area and spilled out into other parts of the National Mall, so it is a pretty safe to say that hundreds of thousands of people were there.
Right wing media has responded to the success of Stewart's rally, not by denying their attendance numbers, but inflating Beck's rally attendance figures. Even though independent estimates put the size of Beck's rally at 87,000-96,000 attendees, conservative media, lead by Fox News, Rush Limbaugh, and Beck themselves have turned the Rally to Restore Honor into a mythic event which was attended by a half a million people. Of course, those who make these claims have absolutely no proof to back it up, and they never question the fact that these inflated attendance figures come from biased sources.
This week Beck proclaimed that unless Jon Stewart drew a million people their rally would be a failure. Beck said, “I love this. Barack Obama is going on The Daily Show. If there's not a million people at the mall. They have Oprah. They have Barack Obama. They have The Huffington Post, all paying for these trips. There should be 300 million people on the mall, or they are absolutely the most powerless people on the planet.”
Instead of looking powerless, it seems the Rally to Restore Sanity has outdrawn any live event that Glenn Beck has ever done. The sad reality is that the argument over which rally was bigger will only serve to highlight the polarized disconnect in our country. Many who are willing to use facts will accept that Stewart's rally was larger than Beck's, while the right wing ideologues will hold on to their fairy tale of a half a million people at Beck's rally, but at least for one day reasonableness became a topic in our a national dialogue. For this reason alone, no matter how many people attended The Rally to Restore Sanity was a success.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
After months of consultations, there is a move afoot on the Senate standing committee on fisheries and oceans to quietly kill a bill that would ban the captivity of whales and dolphins in Canada.
The committee is set to meet tomorrow evening to consider its draft report on Bill S-203 but, in a rare and unusual move, it hasn't set aside time for a clause-by-clause review of the proposed legislation — just an in-camera session to consider a draft report.
Sources say that likely means the committee will be recommending to the Senate that it not proceed with the bill.
The issue that has arisen in the committee's work in recent weeks is about the need for aboriginal consultations. One section of the proposed legislation would amend The Wild Animal and Plant Protection and Regulation of International and Interprovincial Trade Act to prohibit the import of a cetacean into Canada and the export of a cetacean from Canada. Andrew Burns, a lawyer for Marineland in Ontario, appeared before the committee in mid-May and argued the bill intrudes into issues of constitutionally protected Inuit rights, specifically around the sale of narwhal tusks and harvesting wildlife.
They said the park's position was that the duty to consult with the Inuit had not been fulfilled.
“Marineland supports an effective and thorough consultation process with the Inuit prior to the clause-by-clause review of this bill, whether or not the duty to consult is mandated by the courts,” Burns said.
Former Liberal Sen. Wilfred Moore, the original sponsor of the bill when it was introduced in 2015, told the committee in their opening remarks in late February that they were aware of concerns among some that the import and export restrictions of the bill were overly broad.
“With the current language they could potentially apply to dead scientific specimens or carved narwhal tusks going across the border. Such an application was certainly not my intention, so clause 4 could be amended to clarify that the restriction only applies to live cetaceans and reproductive materials that can be used in captive breeding,” they said.
More to the point, a statute — even if it did somehow prevent the export of carved narwhal tusks — could never override rights that are protected in the Constitution, as the rights of First Nations are. The courts also have found that Senate committees do not have a duty to hold aboriginal consultations.
At a June 8 meeting of the committee, Sen. Don Plett picked up where Marineland had left off and raised the issue of aboriginal consultations again. The Conservative whip has made no attempt to hide their support for Marineland and the Vancouver Aquarium at committee or on social media.
“We've had testimony here that this could have a very significant impact on the Inuit indigenous communities, this particular piece of legislation, up to the tune of $400,000 to a half a million dollars a year because of harvesting of different parts of animals in the sea,” they said. “And we've heard that there has not been any consultation with them, in as far as what impact that could have on them.”
Plett said before the committee can go to a clause-by-clause review of the bill, members would have to have either the minister or the deputy minister of fisheries comes before them and give members the political answers they're looking for on the issue.
“… We will look silly passing legislation that is clearly so fundamentally flawed if we don't have an opinion from the government at what they're going to do with the legislation if they get it over there,” Plett said.
To which one Senate source responded: “Don Plett doesn't give a shit what the government thinks about anything. The idea that Plett is not comfortable absent this government's view is a joke. He's hostile to the government. He's using all of this as excuses.”
Committee Deputy Chair Elizabeth Hubley agreed the government's position should not be of concern to members of the committee.
“I don't think the Senate should allow the government to make up our minds,” they said. “I don't think it's the Senate's role to inquire of the government if this bill is going to please them or not. I think the evidence from world-renowned scientists has to carry some weight in this.”
Bill S-203 was first tabled in June of 2015 by Moore with the goal of phasing out the keeping of whales, dolphins and porpoises in captivity in Canada, with exceptions made for rescues and rehabilitation.
Specifically, it seeks to protect whales and dolphins from suffering the physical and psychological harms of captivity, which include social isolation, illness, reduced life expectancy and higher infant mortality. It also aims to end the trade in their reproductive materials.
So what do narwhal tusks and aboriginal culture have to do with keeping whales and dolphins out of captivity?
“To me this is simply a continuation of the obstruction that Sen. Plett has been doing all along,” Moore said. “The Senate is supposed to be a place of debate, gathering evidence and making a decision. Not using the rules to put off the making of that decision.”
After months of hearing from witnesses on the issue, it's time for the committee to make a decision based on what it has heard, they said.
Plett has made several efforts to roadblock the bill since it was introduced. In late November, those opposed to it moved a ‘hoist' motion to try and bump the bill six months down the road for a second reading, which essentially would have killed it. Sen. Scott Tannas subsequently withdrew the motion. Moore reached mandatory retirement age from the Senate in January, which meant they could no longer sit on the committee for hearings on the bill or even ask questions of witnesses.
Now, they said they suspect Plett's goal is to stall the bill until the summer recess with the hope that Parliament will be prorogued in the fall. If that happens, the bill dies and the whole process has to start over again.
“If that's not their plan, then why not go ahead and let it stand on its own and let the vote take place?”
Moore thinks Plett knows that the public supports the bill's intent. Senators have been swamped with emails and calls from the public in support of this bill for months. One staffer said over the weekend their office was inundated with hundreds of calls and thousands of emails as word began to spread that the bill was in peril.
“I think it's fair to say most of the evidence has been in support of the bill,” they said, noting it's not insignificant that in the middle of all of this, the Vancouver Park Authority has told the Vancouver Aquarium that it will no longer permit cetaceans to be kept in captivity on its property.
“A public authority makes that decision based on what they're hearing from the public. The public has had it with this,” Moore said.
“This is a wonderful opportunity for the Senate to do something really good and make a good mark for Canada internationally in how we deal with our cetaceans. I think most of the senators understand that and probably agree with that. I think that Plett probably anticipates that if this goes to the Senate for a vote it will carry and then we can get it to the House for a vote.”
Jennifer Harnden, Plett's director of parliamentary affairs, disputes Moore's statement that most evidence was in support of the bill, noting “there were 14 witnesses opposed to the bill; 10 in favour; eight neutral (government reps. etc.).”
“With respect to this bill being stalled/ delayed, I am not sure how Sen. Plett would possibly do that, considering the bill is still in committee.  They are only one of 13 members on the committee, and is not even a member of the steering committee, which makes decisions on witnesses and the meeting schedule,” they said. “Sen. Plett has been and continues to be supportive of the committee reporting back to the chamber on their findings. It is the committee as a whole who will determine whether that happens, and what the content of that report would be.”
Hubley said they couldn't comment on what might happen tomorrow evening in terms of next steps, but added they fully support S-203.
“This bill has been on my mind and hopefully it's going to go through properly,” they said. “I support the amendments that Sen. Moore suggested strengthening the bill. That's as emphatic as I can get.”
Hubley said everyone on the committee is well aware that aboriginal rights are of utmost importance and said Moore's proposed amendment would address any concerns around narwhal tusks.
“There is nothing that has been raised that the amendment would not fulfill,” they said. “This has to come to a resolution, but I think (the committee) has to do due diligence in coming to that conclusion. I think the Senate has an opportunity to support Canadian values through this bill and I certainly will support it all the way.”
So, you think you want a hedgehog.
Look at that face. Look at those ears. Who could resist such an adorable creature? Combined with the novelty of having such an exotic pet, it's not difficult to see how they've burrowed into our hearts and homes. Which leads us to the question…
Is a hedgehog right for you?
When deciding whether or not the hedgehog is the perfect pet for you it's important to take into consideration certain aspects of our prickly friends that may make them a less than ideal pet for the casual owner.
Consider.
1. Hedgehogs are Primarily Nocturnal.
While hedgehogs can technically be considered diurnal, a bit active during the day as well as during the night, they are technically nocturnal animals. Although they can be taught to be more active during the day, this is very much not advised. They are the most comfortable living the way they are genetically meant to.
Hedgehogs tend to begin being more active around 7PM, with activity truly spiking around 10PM through to 5AM in my experience. All night they will be rooting around in their hedgie homes and running on the wheel. While some wheels can be very quiet, Carolina Storm Wheels being an excellent example, they still will be noisier than you are used to. Can you live with the noise and having a pet active at night time? Does this fit your lifestyle?
2. Hedgehogs are Exotics (and require specific care).
There are several important things to consider when caring for a pet hedgehog. Due to the fact that these are African Hedgehogs, it's important to remember that their natural environment is one much warmer than most of the US states where they're popular. It is dangerous, and even deadly for them to reach temperatures under 70 degrees Fahrenheit and over 80 degrees Fahrenheit with most people reporting hedgehogs at their most active and comfortable around 76 degrees or so.
In addition to this their diet is one not yet well established. While there are several hedgehog specific foods out there, these tend to be both ill-designed and expensive compared to giving them a primary cat food diet.
3. Hedgehogs Are Not Domesticated.
It was only in the 1980s that African Hedgehogs began to be imported as pets in America. While, if bought from a good breeder, they could be deemed tame they are by no means yet domesticated. They retain a good degree of wild behavior, and as such are not necessarily the best choice for someone with little patience. Hedgehogs can be very cuddly, very affectionate, and very entertaining pets. They can become very trusting of humans, but will always be a bit wary of strangers, especially if not socialized well when young.
As pets, hedgehogs require patience, persistence, and a good degree of understanding from their owners. Unlike dogs and cats, they will not immediately be the cuddly pet happy to be woken up at any time and be around you. Like anything good in life, they require time and effort to reap the best rewards.
Keeping all this in mind, is a hedgehog right for you? Seriously ask yourself this before seeking one out, and do your research beforehand!
Advertisements
One of the oldest synagogues in the world was partially destroyed by Syrian government shelling, according to a video posted to YouTube overnight Friday.
The Jobar Synagogue, located in a suburb of Damascus, is approximately 2,000 years old, and is said to have been built on top of a cave where the prophet Elijah concealed themselves from persecution.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=NZZK93AkD8c
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Syrian rebel sources reported that regime troops had fired mortars at the building. The video, uploaded by the Syrian opposition's military council, appears to show that portions of the building and roof were blown off, with debris seen on the ground in front of the synagogue. The condition of the inside of the building is unclear from the video.
An inscription in English reads, “Shrine and synagogue of prophet Eliahou Hanabi since 720 B.C.,” although the actual date of founding is disputed. One of the earliest mentions of the synagogue is in the Talmud, which states that Rabbi Rafram bar Pappa prayed there.
The synagogue is one of Syria's holiest sites for Jews.
Syria's Jewish community faced rampant discrimination after the establishment of Israel. With Jewish property rights severely limited, the synagogue was taken over and converted to a school for Palestinian refugees.
The near two-year-old civil war in Syria has caused damage to six World Heritage sites, according to Al Arabiya. UNESCO called for the protection of the country's cultural heritage sites last March, expressing “grave concern” at the time.
The UN estimates that nearly 70,000 people have died in the fighting between Assad regime forces and Syrian rebels.
Britain's Advertising Standards Authority blocked an advertisement promoting tourism in Israel earlier this week, following complaints that it was "misleading" in implying the occupied territories were part of Israel.
What are your thoughts on this issue? Visit Haaretz.com on Facebook and share your views.
The ad, promoting a new book on northern Israel, first appeared in British newspapers in November 2011. It evoked no less than 350 complaints to the ASA, which oversees and regulates the advertising industry in the United Kingdom.
The complaints came mainly from pro-Palestinian organizations such as Friends of Al-Aqsa and Jews for Justice in Palestine.
More on Haaretz.com:
Chemi Shalev / Is archliberal Peter Beinart good for the Jews?
Hundreds of Beitar Jerusalem fans beat up Arab workers in mall; no arrests
Avi Issacharoff / The spirit of Bin Laden lives
ASA released a statement saying the ad "must not appear again in its current form." The authority said it told the Israeli Tourism Ministry "not to imply that the West Bank, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights were internationally recognized as part of the state of Israel. We also told [the Israel Government Tourism Office] not to imply claims were universally accepted if there existed a significant division of informed opinion."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
ASA said the borders on the map attached to the advertisement were not clear enough and from looking at the map one could get the impression that the West Bank and Golan Heights are a part of Israel, rather than the "subject of much international dispute."
ASA said another reason for banning the ad was that it replaced the internationally-recognized term "West Bank" on the attached map with "Judea and Samaria."
The ad appears on London's Israeli Ministry of Tourism website without the map.
Check out Haaretz's new Tumblr page
Blocking the ad was the last move in an advertising war between pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian activists in Britain. In April 2010 the ASA banned an advertisement by Israel's Tourism Ministry because it included a photo of the Temple Mount and East Jerusalem. The Guardian reported the ad was blocked because it was misleading and did not make it clear the areas in the photo were in dispute.
In December 2011, the Palestinian Mission in London was forced to take down from its website an advertisement promoting tourism to the Palestinian Authority. The ad presented a map of the entire State of Israel as a map of Palestine. The ASA said the ad was misleading and instructed the mission to remove it.
Life is hard, this is just the way it is. Life is made of the stuff of hardness. There's no getting around this, and it is true for everyone in the world. We all have our troubles, we all have our pains. Weather it's a direct experience of not having enough, of watching something beautiful crumble, of getting burned by a fire or breaking a bone, or losing someone or something dear; weather it's the knowledge that these good times will not last, and tomorrow will be just another day at the office, or the sensation that enough is never really quite enough: Life is hard, and it's different for everyone, but it's always there.
We can squabble and argue that some have it worse than others, that we shouldn't complain because someone has it worse than us, or that some have no right to complain because of how good they seem to have it, but all of that will not stand to take away the basic, simple truth that life is hard, right now. Even though we might be able to say that, “things are pretty good right now,” we know that that doesn't last forever, and we know that that isn't true everywhere, for everyone. We know that, even though spring comes, winter is just around the corner, always, and it's always winter somewhere in the world. We know that, even though we might be enjoying good health, that we cannot rely on that forever, we know that everything that we have, all we consider to be ours, and all we consider of ourselves, will one day be taken from us by life, and that is hard. We are subject, and in no way immutable. Things may seem stable, some foundations are built to last what seems forever, but it is never forever, grounds have a way of shifting under our feet, and that is very, very hard. Life is hard.
There is no shelter from this. There is no way around it. We build up structures and prop up our views and ideologies to get around this all of the time. We say things like, “You should just be grateful for what you have,” and yes, we should, but life doesn't stop there, life doesn't stop being hard just because we can touch on gratitude, it never has. When what you are grateful for is taken away, what do you do, then? When your ideologies are disproven by life, and you have no ground to stand on, what then? When the company you work for files bankruptcy, what then? What ground is there in life that you know can last? What shelter is there from life itself? People often submit to the mysterious plan of their God, but the ups and downs of life do not stop pouring down upon us just because we believe that they are a part of something that we cannot understand. As a matter of fact, it is true that we cannot understand them directly, and they happen, plan or no plan, and they make life hard. We get intoxicated by the joys of life, and find ourselves with the bitter morning after of time passing, eroding what we once clung so steadfast to. Always ups and downs. We have to look at them, we have to find a way to deal with them, directly, we cannot just attribute the hardness of life to some Plan and look the other way. Keep this in mind at all times. If I were sick and suffering, I think it better to know why the suffering arises and how it is ceased than to subscribe to a Plan I know nothing about and look the other way.
Why is it so hard? Why is our experience full of so much…stress? It is this way because of the way that we think, the way that we assume, the way that we think that life ought to be either this way or that way. We are always trying to get life to live up to how we think that it should or could be, because, well, that's just “how it is”. We measure life according to our idea of what “the plan” is. That's the way that we were raised, or the way that we “figured out” that life should be, or maybe how someone told us that life should be, or maybe we just assume. We are always trying to get things to fit together in some way, to add up to, or amount to something. We are always chasing after something, catching ourselves being all wrought up over the way things seem to be, always adding weight to things. It's our perspective, our hang-ups, the way we are so utterly, blindly fixed on the things that we want, the things that we seem to prefer, and nobody wants to see this sometimes not so subtle hand that they have in their own experience of the hardness of life. Nobody wants that. It's so much easier to just sit back and say, “Hey, this is just the way things are, the hand life dealt me, and this over here, this is the way things ought to be, and they don't add up, and it's not my fault!” We all have that voice in us that does that, that reinforces our blamelessness and props up our assumptions and our views, and misery along with joy. That same certain voice that tells us that the solution is to be even more fixed when things don't add up.
We get so utterly fixed on our ideas of what we think we want, what we think we should get, of who and what we think we are, or want or think we ought to be. It doesn't matter what it is, it's the way that we want it, the way that we don't want it; it's in the way that we build our lives up on an assumption of what we believe we deserve, what we believe we have earned, or what we owe the world. We all want to feel a certain way, we struggle for good feelings and for people to see us a certain way. We struggle to be seen a certain way, some of us struggle to be seen as someone beyond being seen a certain way, and that's one that really get's you! We struggle for what we are fixed upon, so much so that we forget to meet life on life's terms, not ours. We forget that it has always been that way, and always will, life on life's terms, not ours. We think that because we have a way of looking at things, a way to have it figured out, or a way of saying that it's not life's terms, but God's, that we are somehow beyond having to think about how fixed we are in our ideas of things. It's like we get a piece of the truth, and we think we have the whole thing in our sights, but we don't. We just like to act that way, on the inside, when nobody is looking.
Life is hard, made of the stuff of hardness, and we suffer it because of the way that we want what we want. But it doesn't have to be that way. Since there is a reason why, a beginning, an origination… there is not only a way to understand it, an ending, a cessation, a way to undermine the suffering that is happening now, inside, there is also a way to prevent the experience of the hardness of life, the suffering and confusion, a way to uproot the reason why.
Seeing clearly is the first step to being free. Being willing to see clearly, and setting the aim to be free, this is step one. We have to admit what we see, and want to be free of our entanglement. We have to stop feeding into the beast. We have to put down the bottle, stop talking shit, stop half-assing our lives. Stop doing things that keep the reason why so… strong. Just stop reaching for the fixation, stop chasing after the feeling you want so bad, and pay attention. Just seeing is not enough, but it is important. Shedding light on the ignorance of our ways, this has to happen, we have to be willing to be wrong, wrong about our approach and assumption, in order to see, to admit, and to stop. This is hard work, so we have to strengthen our minds and become the masters and mistresses of our own castles, we have to learn how to overcome the affliction of obsessive fixation. We have to stop holding on so damn strong, and let life be life. We have to be ok with that, and accept our basic vulnerability, and the common humanity found in the realization that we all share that, each and every one.
Life is always changing, always coming and going, and nothing will sustain you for long. Certainty in life only comes with the knowledge of death, so why hold so strongly? Harmony, peace, and happiness comes with a willingness to meet life on life's terms, not our own. Our terms want permanence and ownership, life's term is certain change, constant change, never anything staying. So stay with that, come back to that, make sanity from that. It is not personal, things work because they work that way. That is all. We suffer the neurosis of clinging when we want to make it all about “me”, when we want life to give us a ground that doesn't shift and change, when we try to make it “all add up”, when we go chasing after a feeling, or we base our life on a feeling. Those feelings, and the situations that uphold them, are always on the go. Let them. Let them go, let them come and go, let them calm down. The water only calms when you stop stirring it, stop kicking. Then you can begin to see what is at the bottom, and then you can see what you need. Upheaval will come, and it will go. Slowly, with patience and determination, we unbind and release our equanimity by breaking the barrier of the fear of vulnerability, letting go of the image of ourselves that we attempt to use as a barrier against that vulnerability, that we blindly, reactively prop up and try to live up to; with wisdom we let that image go by accepting the basic nature of life. The deeper we see, the more we do this, the more free we are from our inner turmoil, delusions and hallucinations. The level of our suffering is directly relative to the level of our self clinging, so let yourself go, and be free.
Unbinding ourselves. This is what we need. Unbinding with wisdom, with insight and clarity; with resistance to fixation and a willingness to stand against the stream of our old momentum. No subscription to any ideology or belief, or blind attachment to our desires, or barricade against our fears will keep the ups and downs at bay, will put an end to the constant change and flow of life. Seeing our habitual madness for what it is, simple grasping at a fleeting feeling, flinchingly reacting to life for being what it is, instead of taking a look at it as it is, seeing it, allowing it, in our mind, to be what it naturally is. Simply that. Then, we can do what we need to do in life with a steady mind, a steady heart, a steady conviction to unbind the misery of the world.
A new report from The Information says Google is working on its own personal assistant hub, similar to Amazon's Echo. Only recently, through a series of updates and new hardware, has the Echo grown into a gadget worthy of its original transformative promise, and Google's apparently taken notice.
Although details about the new product are light, we do know a few things: Google is supposedly working on an Echo competitor and has no working name for the product and may never even release it. But the idea makes almost too much sense. Google has the best voice recognition and search capabilities available, which also happens to be the Amazon Echo's greatest downfall: You can't perform a simple Google search on the Echo.
Advertisement
Additionally, a lot of the software that would likely go into a Google-powered personal assistant device is already packed into millions and millions of smartphones with Google Now. The integration with this voice-powered device into other Google services could be incredibly useful. Imagine asking your household AI how long it would take to get to a friend's house. After tapping into Google Maps, it gives you an estimated arrival time and can shoot the directions to your phone as you walk out the door. Yes, I would buy that gadget.
The other part of the equation is how this all ties in with Nest, Alphabet's smart home division. According to The Information, Nest wanted to include this Echo clone with the rest of its smart home lineup, but Google “rebuffed” the idea. That doesn't mean it couldn't ultimately have Nest integration—let's be honest it likely would—but Google is keeping this project as one of its own, at least for the time being.
When Amazon announced the Echo in 2014, it felt like a future that wasn't ready for the big time. But with LG making its own Echo clone this past December, and other high-profile experts saying its “the next big platform for the near future,” the time for homes operated by Google's powerful artificial intelligence may finally be here.
Advertisement
[The Information]
Highly Rated Copy URL
View Post
TL:DR - The dev's balance philosophy of slow balancing cycles with more thought-out balance changes isn't paying off when most of their changes are either insignificant or just as bad as kneejerk changes made on the fly, and it's hurting the game.
Their unwillingness to use PTR to ACTUALLY TRY RADICAL CHANGES speaks volumes of how seemingly lost they are regarding their own game, while making the PTR pretty much useless
I think the biggest failing by far of the devs/balancing team is just how laughably slow it is on its game balancing updates.
We are not talking "player perception" here, where a particular class was perceived as OP/UP during the early days (Bastion was OP at release, then trash without a single nerf) or slaves of the Meta (Reinhardt was kinda OP during the 3Tank meta). We are talking about real balancing issues that took several months to even get partially addressed, such as:
Soldier 76 being overtuned (and percieved as such) for several months after their buff util they ultimately got a nerf,
Reaper being underpowered since the Nanoboost nerf several months ago, and only addressed just now,
Roadhog's divisive hook combo, which took 1 year to address,
PharaMercy (and to some extend, Pharah herself) has been a thorn in the side of many for months now, but nothing has been done nor said to address this,
Junkrat has been getting small incremental patches but nothing substantial, and thus is considered by many the illest of the worse,
etc.
The Devs seem to want slower, more thought out balance patches rather than regular patches that could shake the game too hard too fast, but the end result of their balance philosophy doesn't have many results to show for really, as their balancing method has produced A LOT of blunders and misguided changes, such as:
Ana's healing and heal-block where a problem, but Bliz nerfed their damage instead, completely missing the point of the problem and hurting Ana where it wasn't needed nor warranted. Now people are asking for a damage revert to their rifle
Bastion's rework, while it made Recon mode a lot more useful, it made the Sentry and Tank far too weak (after the Ironclad hotfix) to the point where their ult is actually a lot worse than before. Thus the rework pretty much accomplished nothing and Bastion is still F tier.
Roadhog's nerf finally addressed their 1HK combo but failed to provide them with the necessary tools to ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING USEFUL now considering they were designed around a 1HK combo (a horrible design choice in its own right). Now he's F tier and with no balance change or Dev update in sight.
They have a PTR, designed specifically to try WHATEVER THEY WANT and they don't use it. WTH Blizzard?
YOU HAVE THE PTR, USE IT. Try stuff, break the game, make radical changes, try new abilities, do SOMETHING WITH IT.
/rant
Building Applications on Bloom Protocol: The 3 Key Components
Shannon Wu Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 8, 2017
Bloom is not a lender. Bloom is a protocol.
This means that both traditional applications and blockchain-based dApps can build on top of Bloom to enhance their applications.
In the traditional world, credit scores have a number of uses outside of lending. In the decentralized world, the need is even more prevalent. The possibilities of leveraging Bloom expand well beyond lending into industries like insurance, employment, and tenancy much like a traditional credit score. However, we wanted to highlight some of the use cases enabled by all of the parts of the protocol.
Some novel uses of the Bloom Protocol
BloomID allows businesses to verify and associate any part of identity. This offers a number of opportunities to expand on.This makes it generalizable for different use cases.
Sybil Resistance: A marketplace could use BloomID to prevent an individual from registering multiple accounts.
A marketplace could use BloomID to prevent an individual from registering multiple accounts. Single Attestation Verification — If a dApp wanted to confirm that someone owns a Facebook account, then a Bloom user could allow that verification request.
— If a dApp wanted to confirm that someone owns a Facebook account, then a Bloom user could allow that verification request. Decentralized Reputation: In the traditional world, reputation is tied to your identity. In the decentralized world, it's much more difficult to associate reputation with an individual. BloomID further makes this possible.
In the traditional world, reputation is tied to your identity. In the decentralized world, it's much more difficult to associate reputation with an individual. BloomID further makes this possible. Scam Prevention: A decentralized protocol might require that all users have a BloomID before being allowed to join a Slack community, an online forum, or even social networks.
A decentralized protocol might require that all users have a BloomID before being allowed to join a Slack community, an online forum, or even social networks. On-Time Payments: A number of businesses that do not issue loans will still want to review credit history to ensure that their users will pay on-time. A user can authorize a dApp to access this information as part of BloomIQ
Expanding on The Status Quo:
Bloom reinvents the credit infrastructure. While Bloom offers a number of improvements, the traditional infrastructure contains a wealth of valuable information, which Bloom leverages.
Traditional Information Requests: BloomIQ maps offline information to the blockchain. A decentralized provider may want to ensure that a user has a few years of payment history. BloomIQ allows the user to authorize the metadata about this information to a dApp without exposing personal information.
BloomIQ maps offline information to the blockchain. A decentralized provider may want to ensure that a user has a few years of payment history. BloomIQ allows the user to authorize the metadata about this information to a dApp without exposing personal information. Transitioning to a Blockchain-First world: BloomIQ and BloomScore are designed to both expand on and enhance information stored in traditional silos. While decentralized has advantages, the traditional world has a wealth of historical information. Bloom makes it easy for this information to exist on the blockchain.
BloomIQ and BloomScore are designed to both expand on and enhance information stored in traditional silos. While decentralized has advantages, the traditional world has a wealth of historical information. Bloom makes it easy for this information to exist on the blockchain. Federated Identities: BloomID lets users establish a global, federated identity with independent third parties who publicly vouch for their identity information, legal status and creditworthiness.
Protocol Components There are three main systems which comprise the Bloom protocol:
BloomID creates a global secure identity, allowing lenders to offer compliant loans globally, without forcing borrowers to expose personal information.
BloomIQ (Credit Registry): BloomIQ is a system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied to a user's BloomID.
BloomScore (Credit Scoring): The BloomScore is a metric of consumers' creditworthiness. This decentralized score is similar to FICO or VantageScore score, but with updated models.
BloomID — A Secure, Reusable Blockchain Identity
BloomID is an attestation-based global identity.
BloomID works across borders, and adapts to information that is available on a given user.
BloomID lets users establish a global, federated identity with independent third parties who publicly vouch for their identity information, legal status and traits. These third parties can be friends, family or peers who vouch for a user's identity and/or creditworthiness (“peer-to-peer staking”) or organizations who earn revenue by evaluating a user's credentials (“organizational staking”).
Organizational stakers can either inherit trust from their existing reputation (such as existing credit bureaus and identity companies who publicly announce which attestation contracts they control) or by establishing a track record of successful identity attestations on the network.
Reusable Identity Verification
By publishing all historical identity attestations on the blockchain, organizations can help take part in building a reusable identity that builds up trust over time rather than having to be re-evaluated for every transaction with a new lender. This can not only save money across the network of lenders, but it can also help significantly reduce on-boarding time by reducing duplicate work by anti-fraud and compliance teams across lending organizations.
BloomIQ — A Decentralized Reputation Tracking System
BloomIQ, A Registry for Reporting and Tracking Historical Credit BloomIQ is a system for reporting and tracking current and historical debt obligations that are tied to a user's BloomID.
BloomIQ's tracking mechanism puts the user in control, requiring each instance of payment data released to a 3rd party to be authorized by the user. One of the primary goals of BloomIQ is to allow a user to import existing credit history to this decentralized system, reducing the need for credit-established users to build up their credit quickly.
BloomScore — A Global, Fair Credit Score
BloomScore is a dynamic indicator of an individual's likelihood to pay debts that adapts to the maturity of a user's credit history (or lack thereof). By splitting a user's credit scoring mechanism into three phases that each take into account different data points with varying weights, BloomScore can produce a score that is conducive to building credit from the ground up while helping creditors differentiate the credit risk of consumers in markets and communities with sparse data.
BloomScore initially relies on peer-to-peer credit stakes from BloomID as a means of bootstrapping trust and eventually transitions to primarily using the user's own spending habits and credit activity as a proxy for creditworthiness. Organizational stakers with an established presence can vouch for users with strong credit under the current system allowing them to transition their existing history and reputation to the Bloom network.
The National Hurricane Center issued its final advisory for Danny at 11 a.m. EDT on Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, stating that there was no longer a closed circulation center based on Hurricane Hunter data. Danny was moving into the Leeward Islands at the time the final advisory was issued.
Danny formed on Aug. 18, 2015 as Tropical Depression Four and strengthened into a tropical storm later that day.
Danny then became a hurricane on Aug. 20, and peaked as a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds up to 115 mph on the afternoon of Aug. 21, 2015. This made Danny the first major hurricane of the 2015 Atlantic hurricane season.
A "wall of wind shear" near the Caribbean weakened Danny quickly Aug. 22-24, 2015. Wind shear can blow convection (shower and t-storm activity) away from the center of a tropical cyclone. If strong enough, it can rip apart existing tropical cyclones like we saw with Danny. In addition, those west to southwest winds aloft transported more dry air into the circulation of Danny. This dry air is also stable, meaning it suppresses upward vertical columns of air needed to maintain or form new thunderstorms. All of this led to Danny's demise.
(MORE: Expert Analysis | Hurricane Central )
Danny did bring some gusty winds and rain to the Leeward Islands on Aug. 24, but overall impacts were minimal. Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands saw some rain from Danny's remnants on Aug. 25.
On the afternoon of Aug. 21, a NOAA research plane sent back near real-time radar images from a hurricane for the first time .
Incidentally, while small, Danny wasn't the smallest tropical cyclone on record. According to the NOAA's Hurricane Research Division, Tropical Storm Marco in 2008 had gale-force winds extending only 12 miles from the center . Danny's tropical storm-force winds extended up to an estimated 60 miles from the center on Aug. 21.
Danny became only the fourth named storm to become a hurricane in the strip of the Atlantic Ocean from off west Africa to the Lesser Antilles since the start of the 2011 season. Gonzalo (2014), Humberto (2013) and Katia (2011) were the only others to do so in that stretch of over four seasons.
Danny was the first hurricane to strengthen to Category 3 intensity in that Lesser Antilles to west Africa strip of ocean since 2010's Julia.
Senior meteorologists Nick Wiltgen and Jonathan Erdman and meteorologists Chris Dolce and Quincy Vagell contributed to this report.
MORE ON WEATHER.COM: Hurricanes by the Numbers
We are pleased to announce that our First Team squad will travel to Norway to face Inter Milan in a pre-season friendly on Friday, August 5, kick-off 5pm local time (4pm UK).
The game will take place at Ullevaal Stadion, Oslo, and it will be the first time two foreign sides have met on Norwegian soil.
Italian giants Inter are managed by former Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini and finished fourth in Serie A last season to secure their return to European football after one season away.
We have enjoyed some exciting fixtures against Inter in recent seasons. Most recently we edged past them on away goals after a tense 4-4 draw on aggregate in the 2012-13 Europa League round of 16. Prior to that, we met them in the Champions League during the 2010-11 season in matches that went down in Club folklore as two of our most memorable European performances of the modern era. A Gareth Bale hat-trick saw us come close to pulling off the most unlikely of comebacks at the San Siro as we recovered from 4-0 down at half-time to eventually lose 4-3, despite playing nearly the whole game with 10 men. In the return fixture at White Hart Lane, Bale was again a shining light as we bounced back with a stunning 3-1 victory against the competition's reigning champions at the time.
It will be our first trip to Scandinavia since we played a friendly against Celtic in Finland in 2014 and we are looking forward to returning to the region once again. We are proud to have a historically large following across Scandinavia, where we boast a number of official Supporters' Clubs including Norway Spurs, originally formed in 1982 and one of our biggest in Europe.
The exact composition of the squad will be determined nearer the time and is dependent on the outcome of international tournaments taking place this summer.
Tickets are available here.
How capitalism functions like a religion
Capitalism is not a religion, but there are two broad ways in which it is like a religion.
1. In the ways that it encourages blind belief and discourages critical thinking.
2. In the ways that it molds and influences social and political structures.
An example of how capitalism influences societal structures is that it establishes a kind of caste system in some places, where high-paid corporate workers enjoy a range of benefits and preferential treatment and are treated as valued, but those who work for subcontractors, small businesses or independently are given very little and are treated as undeserving and disposable.
How the services and structures of capitalism resemble those of religions
Advertisement: In its modern form it appeals to subconscious needs. It is meant to be personally meaningful. In the same way, religious texts are meant to be personally meaningful.
Shopping is like making a sacrament. While shopping is inevitable in any market system, it is made into something personally meaningful, like an expression of faith in the precept of buying because products always getting better.
A purchase: It connects a personal meaning to the holy market and expresses faith in the system.
A purchase: It connects personal needs and is an express of personal aspirations within the system: To be richer, prettier, etc.
Recycling: While urgently necessary recycling expresses a lack of faith in the system. It is strongly opposed by some but merely ignored by the faithful masses.
To buy something is to give proof of your life within the capitalist system. Only the dead do not shop. A person without meaning in their life may buy too much.
Hoarding: This is the accumulation of artifacts each of which has a meaning intimately tied to capitalism. Most artifacts are mass-produced. Most are plastic. Most are cheaply made. Most are made overseas.
The Righteous: Social Darwinism is the moral system of capitalism. Those with talents are rewarded. Those without talents are punished. But it is a false meritocracy because capitalism degenerates to crony capitalism.
The movie theater: It functions like a church. Its purpose is to instill the values of capitalism.
The TV: It functions like a private altar. You sacrifice your own life upon it.
Economists: The (Neoclassical) economists serve as the high priests of capitalism. They may not know their own scripture well (Wealth of Nations etc.) but they preach they gospel of the 1 Percent and guide the larger policies.
ITM( Economic Hitmen: (As described by John Perkins) These are equivalent to the Christian Crusaders or Muslim Rashidun. Whereas those were armies and pillagers the Economic Hitmen conquer with unpayable debts.)
Stock brokers: These are akin to the Masons of medieval Europe. They are essential workers doing the work of maintaining the infrastructure of finance.
Bankers and speculators: Like stock brokers they work on the infrastructure of finance but they are corrosive to the system. They seek to expand their empires. In this way they are akin to caliphates. They operate on a level above mere corporations just as caliphates operate above sects.
Blasphemy: To share what you own is offensive if not criminal. It is an attack on the system.
Not quite blasphemy: To give away your labor or possessions is considered crazy.
A brand is like a sect: You are captured by it. You belong to the Apple sect or the Samsung sect. Or the Microsoft sect is deemed satanic by some.
Wealth: This is akin to inherent religious righteousness. The rich deserve their abundance.
Poverty: This is akin to inherent religious unrighteousness. The poor deserve their suffering.
Shopping malls: They are attended by the faithful (consumers).
Investment: It is a blessing from above. Your fate and fortunes are tied up in whether you are lucky enough to be so blessed.
Investment: Those who lack it are forsaken: cut off and doomed. They were judged meritless.
Investment: A country that lacks foreign investment is deemed poor and pitiful. This justifies eventual military intervention which is disrespectful and akin to forceful religious conversion.
What psychological functions does capitalism-religion support?
Anthropogists struggle with this question: What does religion do for a society? Why do humans bother with it at all?
The same answers to this question are relevant to capitalism.
False hope and meaning
For individuals who are living largely empty lives, working at disheartening jobs so that others can become rich while they remain relatively poor, the lure of capitalism is that anyone can get rich, anyone can own a McMansion, anyone can become respected i.e. by the myraid fools who equate wealth with importance and substance.
False pride
Some proponents of capitalism, it seems, become imbalanced by their greed to become zealots. They suffer from a false belief that capitalist ideology is somehow superior to any other, especially in the jaundiced Wall Street variant, which espouses the notion that greed is good . But capitalism inevitably degrades to crony capitalism, manifesting corruption at the highest levels, becoming corrosive to democracy and enormously destructive to people and the environment, not unlike Soviet communism.
False knowledge
It is a very rare capitalist who has read Adam Smith, David Ricardo or any other major thinker, nor who truly understands economics. This is in part due to misinformation campaigns and miseducation in the form of Neoclassical economics. This does not stop proponents of capitalism from claiming, as the religious do, that "We have the right information and interpretation, not you".
False wisdom
As with many religious people, proponents of capitalism avoid thinking for themselves, and especially avoid critical thinking. They rely on the wisdom of others, who in the capitalist system are not priests but rather pundits, CEOs and corporate yes-men who offer a stream of outright lies, easy rationales and illogical thinking that they pass off as respectable opinions and even wisdom.
False righteousness
Proponents of capitalism insist they are morally right, despite plentiful evidence that enormous harm is done by capitalism everyday, which virtually no proponents want to recognize, or seek to remedy, and indeed some vigorously oppose remedies for the wrongs of capitalists, while blaming the victims.
Copyright © 2007, 2013-2014 by Zack Smith.
Yemen's embattled president has failed to pacify protesters with plans to draw up a new constitution.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Thousands poured onto the streets of the capital Sanaa to demand that they step down after 32 years in power.
Under their plan the constitution would guarantee the independence of parliament and judiciary.
The demonstrators have set up protest camps in Sanaa and the cities of Aden and Taiz, saying they will not leave until US-backed President Ali Abdullah Saleh does.
The opposition promptly rejected Saleh's latest offer.
Saleh, an ally in the Obama administration's fight against al Qaida, has been making a series of concessions to head off a movement seen as one of the most serious threats to an Arab government inspired by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt.
They told thousands of supporters gathered at a stadium in Sanaa that a new constitution would be drafted by the end of year establishing the separation of legislative and executive powers. The president currently controls all other branches of government.
Saleh said they ordered the government to "fulfil the demands of the youth camping in Sanaa, Aden and Taiz and in other cities but without sit-ins or chaos."
Shortly after Saleh finished their speech, some 4,000 people, mostly students, took to the streets and headed toward the main square in Sanaa, calling for their downfall.
Also in the capital, some 5,000 doctors, nurses, pharmacists and medics from all over the country, marched toward the central square, wearing their white robes and protesting this week's shooting by army troops of anti-government protesters gathered at Sanaa University.
Opposition leader Yassin Said Numan said Saleh's initiative came too late.
"The president's initiative has been overtaken by events and facts on the ground today, but if it came six months ago, the matter would be totally different," Numan said.
Saleh pledged in their address that Yemen would hold general elections and form a new government by early 2012.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Ships and ferries sailing along Norway's coast have it pretty good. Lots of little islands and the coastline's award-winning fjords offer protection from the often rough Norwegian and North Seas. But there's one spot where the sailing isn't so smooth. To get around the Stadlandet Peninsula in the Njordford District boats need to take the long way round into the open ocean where winds and waves can be nasty. In fact, the area is considered the most dangerous stretch of the country's coast. That's why the Norwegian Coastal Administration recently unveiled its newest plans for the Stad Ship Tunnel, which would allow watercraft to avoid the peninsula altogether.
According to Anthony Cuthbertson at Newsweek, the tunnel would be roughly a mile long cutting through the base of the peninsula at its narrowest point. At 120 feet high and 87 feet wide, it would be large enough to allow the passage of popular Hurtigruten cruise ships which tour the fjords. “If the project is realized, the Stad Ship Tunnel would be the world's first full-scale ship tunnel of this size,” writes the Coastal Administration.
Matt Burgess at Wired UK reports that building the tunnel would involve blasting away about 7.5 million tons of rock using underground drills over the course of three to four years. The cost of the project is estimated at about $271 million (2.3 billion Norwegian krone). Though the government supports the project, it is currently undergoing a feasibility study and will receive a green light if that works out later this year.
The idea of blasting a tunnel through Stadlandet is nothing new. According to Holly Brockwell at Gizmodo UK, a newspaper first called for a tunnel bypassing the dangerous peninsula in 1874. The BBC reports that the idea began gaining support in the 1980s and there have been at least 18 studies looking into the project since then.
The BBC points out that construction of the tunnel is not a particularly difficult engineering challenge, especially for the Norwegians who built the world's longest road tunnel. The mains sticking point is the cost, since the Coastal Authority assessment shows that the tunnel is not likely to recoup its construction costs.
But the convenience and safety of the tunnel are the main selling points, not the economic improvements. The BBC reports that since World War II, there have been 46 accidents or near misses in the area and 33 deaths. In 2004, a 161 passenger cruise ship almost foundered in the waters off the peninsula.
The International Olympic Committee has ordered Egyptian authorities to educate competitors about the Olympic values ahead of future Games – as it issued a severe reprimand to a judoka who refused to shake their Israeli opponent's hand.
Islam El Shehaby was defeated on Friday in the 100kg judo by Or Sasson, who went on to claim Israel's second bronze medal in Rio. However video footage showed them moving away from the Israeli as the latter put out their hand at the end of the contest. They have since been sent home by the Egyptian Olympic authorities.
A disciplinary commission, ordered by president Thomas Bach within an hour of the controversy, has now ruled that El Shehaby's behaviour “was contrary to the rules of fair play and against the spirit of friendship embodied in the Olympic Values”.
Get The Jewish News Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams told the Jewish News the commission issued a “severe reprimand for inappropriate behaviour” to the athlete. It noted that while they bowed at their opponent at the end of the bout the shaking of hands after a match is not in the competition rules of the International Judo Federation.
Adams said: “As well as a severe reprimand, the DC has asked the Egyptian Olympic Committee to ensure in future that all their athletes receive proper education on the Olympic Values before coming to the Olympic Games.
“The Egyptian Olympic Committee has also strongly condemned the actions of Mr Islam El Shehaby and has sent them home. The President of the NOC issued a statement saying they respected all athletes and all nations at the Olympic Games.”
El Shehaby had previously come under pressure on social media to skip the bout, but had reportedly been warned by Egyptian authorities they risked losing their citizenship.
The incident came a week after Lebanese delegates stopped the Israelis from boarding a bus they were travelling on ahead of the Opening Ceremony. The Lebanese were quickly chastised by the IOC over the incident.
We could watch a double feature of Schindler's List and Requiem for a Dream without feeling a thing… but thanks to the Marvel Super Families Series, seeing the way baby Cyclops looks up at Xavier with love and admiration… it's just so… like, Scott Summers had a rough childhood, and… excuse me, I need a moment…
We never heard of French artist Andry Rajoelina until we published their DC Super Families Series in May. But clearly the man is one of the greatest artistic geniuses of our time! Not only are their Super Families Series creative concepts executed with originality, but the man knows their comics. The best part is the little nuances they threw in (Galactus holds hands with no one).
Andry Rajoelina, also known as El Shango, is currently at work on a third super family series. To see more of El Shango's amazing work, check out their blog.
Finally. The Supreme Court has issued its long-awaited ruling in Fisher v. University of Texas, the closely watched affirmative action case.
And the result might surprise you. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the Court, which should shock no one. But here's a surprise: the vote breakdown was 7-1 (with Justice Kagan recused).
How did Justice Kennedy garner seven votes for a ruling on one of the most controversial issues of our time?
By writing narrowly, based on existing precedents, and dodging some of the big issues. Many observers expected a 5-3 ruling striking a significant blow against affirmative action, but that's not what we wound up with. SCOTUSblog summarizes as follows (in their great liveblog):
The Fifth Circuit [opinion] is vacated and [the case is] remanded. The holding is because the Fifth Circuit did not hold the university to the demanding burden of strict scrutiny articulated in [the prior affirmative action cases of] Grutter and Bakke, its decision afffiming the district court's grant of summary judgment was incorrect.
Justice Ginsburg dissented — and read their dissent from the bench, an uncommon occurrence saved for important cases. Justice Thomas issued a typical CT concurrence, one not big on stare decisis, saying they would overrule Grutter. Justice Scalia also concurred, noting that because Fisher did not ask the Court to overrule Grutter, they join the opinion of the Court in full.
We'll have additional commentary on this later today, so check back soon. In the meantime, you can access all the opinions via the links below.
Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin: Opinion [U.S. Supreme Court]
Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin [SCOTUSblog]
At Oberlin College, students interested in social justice can apply for a job teaching their classmates about microaggressions and the nature of oppression.
The position is called "Social Justice Education Facilitator," pays $8.15 an hour, and requires "knowledge on the various forms of oppression, including but not limited to: race, gender, sexuality, ability, class, citizenship, etc.," according to the listing on the college's website. Students chosen for the job will be expected to help run the Multicultural Resource Center's various training modules: Power, Privilege, and Oppression Training; Beyond the Binary Training; and Microaggression Training.
Note that the center is not an academic department. It's an administrative office run by an assistant dean of students. Its website makes the place seem explicitly ideological and highly partisan.
That difference matters. It's one thing for a professor within a classroom setting to teach students about the nature of oppression, or to discuss how certain people have been marginalized because of their gender or skin color. It's quite another for the college to train—and pay!—students to serve as activists outside of the classroom.
The theory behind microaggressions—unintentional insults based on race, sex, or another protected status—is woefully inadequate and lacks scientific rigor. Scott Lilienfeld, a clinical psychologist at Emory University, took a close look at the core assumptions that undergird the academic understanding of microaggressions and concluded that there should be a "moratorium on microaggression training."
"There is insufficient justification for concluding that the potential benefits of microaggression training programs outweigh their potential risks, including a substantial increase in the number of false-positive identifications of statements as microaggressions," they wrote. I am going to take a wild guess and say that students who sign up to be Social Education Facilitators won't be learning about Lilienfeld's work, or discussing whether the microaggression concept has merit.
This is activism, not education. Programs like these are how conservatives get the idea that higher education is a conspiracy to brainwash their children.
Campus Reform's Toni Airaksinen, who first reported the existence of the program, notes that UCLA and Rutgers offer similar positions. The University of Arizona cancelled its Social Justice Advocates program after Campus Reform revealed its existence.
(Unsplash)
English Catholicism Is Roman Catholicism
COMMENTARY: There's no evidence that the Anglican church was founded on an ancient apostolic church that existed in Britain for 600 years before the arrival of St. Augustine.
Father Dwight Longenecker
Since King Henry VIII broke with the Catholic Church to found the Church of England, you would imagine that Anglicans would never claim to be Catholic. But they do.
When I lived in England I often heard members of the Church of England say, “We're Catholic too; we're just not Roman Catholic.”
The theory is that the English Church was always Catholic, but in the 16th century it was “reformed”: The popular idea is that jolly old King Henry VIII saw that the monasteries were full of fat old monks and they went through and tidied things up a bit. The Church had become fat, old and corrupt, and Henry and their children, Edward and then Elizabeth, straightened things out, streamlined a few things and got everything shipshape.
This is not only a complete whitewash of the depredations, iconoclasm and wholesale destruction of the Catholic Church, but it is also a misreading of English Catholic history. Along with this view of the English Reformation is a strange idea that the Church in England was, from the beginning, separate from Rome and that only in the Middle Ages onward was it under Rome's thumb.
Coptic and Celtic or British and Roman?
A good number of Anglicans have bought into an alternative history, not only believing the old tale that Joseph of Arimathea brought Christianity to the British Isles, but there was also an ancient link between the Celtic people and the Copts of Egypt. They find scraps of evidence — like some ancient carvings in Ireland — which seem similar to Church art in Egypt.
The idea that the Church in England grew out of links that were independent of Roman authority suits Anglicans because they like to imagine that there are three ancient apostolic churches, Rome, the Orthodox and themselves. The Celtic-Coptic theory enables them to sustain this myth. It also helps them to defend their continued independence from Roman authority. The Anglican argument goes like this: “We are descendants of the first British Christians. They existed happily for 600 years independent of Rome; and we are simply part of that same stream of ancient apostolic Christianity.”
Unfortunately, the idea that Celtic Christianity sprang up on its own, independent of Rome, just doesn't fit the facts.
On the other hand, we do have clear evidence that Christianity in Britain was, from the first, Roman Christianity. To pin it down we have to look at what happened in the Roman Empire the first few decades after the death of Christ.
Ten years after Jesus' crucifixion, the Emperor Claudius successfully invaded Britain. Over the next 350 years, the Romans established a thriving colony in virtually the whole of Britain. With the Roman armies came Roman religions, and one of the religions was the new religion of Christianity. The first Christians in Britain, therefore, were Roman Christians.
Christian inscriptions found on crude Roman pottery in Britain dating from this period suggest that the first Christians were poor people, probably Roman soldiers or slaves. The documentary evidence comes from Tertullian and Origen, both writing in the second century. That they knew of the Church in Britain shows that it was sufficiently well-founded, large enough and connected enough with the rest of the Church that Catholics in North Africa knew of it.
By the third and fourth century the evidence for Roman Christianity in Britain is overwhelming. The first British martyr, St. Alban, was killed for their faith in 304. There must have been a well-established hierarchy because it is recorded that the bishops of London, York and Lincoln attended the Council of Arles in 314. The British bishops were also present at the Council of Rimini in 359.
The archaeological evidence for Roman Christianity at this time period is found everywhere in Britain. There are Chi-Rho monograms scratched in third-century pottery, a ceramic plague with the paternoster inscribed on it, mosaic floors with Christian symbols, and even an image of Christ.
There are remains of Christian chapels, Romano-British Christian burial sites and a fantastic discovery in 1975 of a fourth-century silver chalice with Christian markings showing that Mass was not only celebrated in Roman Britain, but celebrated in sumptuous style.
During the first 350 years, the British Christians were Roman. We know they converted some of the locals, but what happened after the Romans withdrew from Britain around the year 410? Did the British Church suddenly declare independence of Roman authority? Is this when the independent Celtic Church was established?
On the contrary; after the departure of the Roman legions in the early 400s, the British Christians relied even more on their Roman Church contacts. This is the time of the Pelagian heresy, and in 429, a British deacon appealed to the Pope for help to combat it. Pope Celestine commissioned St. Germain of Auxerre to go on a mission to Britain. St. Germain was accompanied by St. Patrick. They stayed there and established seminaries, and revisited Britain in 447 to consolidate their work. This is clearly an example, not only of Rome asserting authority in Britain, but also of the British Church asking for that authority.
The Mission of Patrick
Around 450, the Saxons started to invade a weakened Britain, and for the next 150 years (until the year 597), the pagan Saxons persecuted the Christian Britons. The persecuted Christian minority fled west to Cornwall, Wales and Ireland, and south to Brittany in France. It was only during these 150 years that the Celtic Church existed in isolation from the authority structures of Rome.
Even then, the missionary endeavors to Ireland continued from Roman origins and not from Coptic Egypt.
St. Patrick, the great apostle of Ireland, was born in Scotland of noble Roman parents. Their mother was a relative of the great St. Martin of Tours. Their origin and training didn't come out of nowhere. It was all from the Catholic Church — always loyal to Rome. Patrick's mission was actually commissioned by Pope Celestine. When they went to Ireland in 433, they didn't discover an “ancient Celtic Church,” but bloodthirsty Druids who needed converting.
It is true that the Celtic Church aided by Patrick developed in relative isolation from Rome for about 150 years, but in Britain it was soon to be reconciled. In 597, St. Augustine of Canterbury arrived in southeast England; they were sent by Pope St. Gregory the Great. Eventually, their missionaries encountered missionaries of the Irish Church who had been evangelizing England from the north and west.
When they met there were some differences of discipline. At the Synod of Whitby in 664, the matter was debated, and the Celtic contingent bowed to the authority of St. Peter in the person of the pope after their king said, “If they are Peter, I must agree with him.”
Was the Anglican church founded on some pure, serene and ancient apostolic church that existed in Britain for 600 years before the arrival of St. Augustine sent by Pope Gregory? There's no evidence for it.
Instead, the British Church was started by Romans, converted the locals, and remained linked to Rome even after the legions departed from Britain. After that, the missionary efforts to the British Isles were of Roman origin.
Yes, for about 150 years the Catholic Church in Britain, like the Catholic Church in China today, existed under persecution and in isolation from the seat of authority. But as soon as they had the opportunity to submit once again to Peter, the Celtic Church did so.
Father Dwight Longenecker is a priest of the
Diocese of Charleston, South Carolina.
They write a blog called Standing on My Head.
Spread the love
On Thursday, the Virginia-based Treatment Advocacy Center, an organization dedicated to eliminating the barriers faced by those with severe mental illnesses, released a jaw-dropping report. In their report titled, Overlooked in the Undercounted: The Role of Mental Illness in Fatal Law Enforcement Encounters, researchers discovered that people with an untreated mental illness are 16 times more likely to be killed during an interaction with police than anyone else.
According to the study, by all accounts – official and unofficial – a minimum of 1 in 4 fatal police encounters ends the life of an individual with severe mental illness.
Where official government data regarding police shootings and mental illness have been analyzed – in one U.S. city and several other Western countries – the findings indicate that mental health disorders are a factor in as many as 1 in 2 fatal law enforcement encounters.
This startling number highlights a critical problem with police and how they handle incidents with the mentally ill.
“If this were any other medical condition, people would be up in arms,” John Snook, the report's co-author and executive director of the Treatment Advocacy Center said. “What we need to do is treat the person before the police are ever called. This is a mental illness, but we respond by calling the police and arresting a person.”
One would assume that since these numbers are so great, police have taken action and are training their officers to interact with the mentally ill. However, one would be wrong.
As the Free Thought Project has pointed out in the past, the overwhelming majority of time spent by police during training is devoted to shooting their weapons. Very little time is set aside for training in de-escalation tactics, and most departments receive zero training in dealing with the mentally ill.
Of course, the police responded to the study by playing the role of victim. “Police are being forced to be mental health counselors without training,” said Jim Pasco, executive director of the national Fraternal Order of Police, the largest police organization in the country.
Instead of addressing the problem by training police, Pasco invokes public pity, which is ignorant – and deadly.
Research shows that in instances involving officers who've been properly trained to deal with the mentally ill, the chances of that officer killing the individual are far less than an untrained cop.
In Miami-Dade County, about 4,600 officers have been trained in crisis intervention (CIT), Steven Leifman, an associate administrative judge in Florida's Miami-Dade County Court, told USA Today. Before the program began, police were involved in the shooting of someone with mental illness about once a month. In the five years since the training began, there have been only four or five such shootings, they said.
In spite of this staggering decrease in police killing the mentally ill, cops across the country remain unconcerned with receiving CIT classes. Instead of training in how to resolve situations peacefully, they are learning how to defend themselves in court after they kill someone.
The power of police training can work wonders in all aspects of police work, as illustrated by the Round Rock police department in Austin, Texas. A simple 8-hour course turned their officers from dog killing machines to officers who stopped killing dogs. But for some reason, police continue to refuse to be trained.
“I am terrified to call the police when it involves my son,” said Candie Dalton, of Englewood, Colorado, whose 20-year-old son has schizophrenia.
According to Dalton, their son's interactions with police have left them terrified of law enforcement. Dalton explained to USA Today that once, their son was the victim of a home invasion robbery. When their son was unable to articulate what had happened, police accused them of selling their possessions for drug money. Officers then arrested them because of an unpaid speeding ticket.
Luckily they aren't killed.
Unfortunately, countless other mentally ill people are not as fortunate and are killed by police on a near daily basis. Being pregnant, or unarmed and naked, or even being a child is not a defense from police officers who are untrained in interacting with the mentally ill.
. . .
Every label should have a Bandcamp. It's that simple. A record label is a business, and an important goal of any business is to make money. If an artist can crack the Billboard charts purely with Bandcamp – Zoë Keating, #7 Billboard classical chart, no iTunes, no label – a label with an aggregation of artists can do much more.
Bandcamp helps labels make money in three ways:
1. Fully functional
Recorded music as a basis for purchase boils down to two things: (1) getting people to hear music, and (2) getting people to buy it. Bandcamp offers both these functions with its streaming music player and capability to (a) sell digital downloads directly and (b) link to physical purchases.
2. Lightweight and portable
By lightweight, I mean that labels don't have to host album streams anymore. Now they don't have to worry about building web pages, putting audio players on them, and paying for bandwidth to stream audio. By portable, I mean that Bandcamp audio players – complete with purchase links – are shareable in every meaningful content distribution network: email, Facebook, blog platforms, and so on. This changes the flow of energy from inwards to outwards. Before, labels tried to direct web traffic into landing pages that contained audio players and store links. Now each Bandcamp widget is a little landing page with audio player and store capability – and infinite numbers of these widgets can propagate throughout the Internet.
3. Label retains control
The past year has seen an explosion in streaming audio as events on sites such as this one. Track premieres! Full album streams! Guess what: that's not necessarily the best way to do things.
First, album streams are a pain in the ass for all involved. Multiple uploads and downloads must occur between the music provider and the music streamer. The music provider also must deliver promotional materials (images, video) alongside the actual music. Of course, a creative, full-blown multimedia ad campaign – and that's what a properly mounted album stream is – can be effective – but it potentially takes a lot of time and resources.
Second, when a website hosts an album stream, the website is the real winner, not the label or artist. The website gets tons of traffic that the label or artist could have gotten, and – assuming that the website is considerate enough to include a purchase link alongside the stream – fans have to go through an additional click to purchase the music. If you are selling music, you want fans to be able to purchase music at the same time and place that they hear it. Every displacement away from that will cause a drop-off in conversions, i.e., purchases.
So with Bandcamp, you're not beholden to some blog presenting your album stream for you. If I, a blog owner, negotiate an exclusive album stream with you, that just means that I've taken your audio off the rest of the market. On the other hand, if you've set up a Bandcamp, you can just disseminate that link, let people embed the widgets, and your market is potentially the whole Internet.
. . .
Two caveats:
1. Bandcamp takes a cut
15% until you hit $5000 in sales, then 10% afterwards. (See details here.) Of course, every method of distribution comes with costs (fees, percentage cuts, shipping costs), and Bandcamp is no different. So you may want to use Bandcamp to augment, not replace your web store.
2. Sometimes an album stream is the way to go.
If your choice is between having NPR deliver an exclusive stream, and simply giving NPR the same Bandcamp link that you give the rest of the Internet, you'd probably want to go with NPR's stream just to lock in, at least initially, a big number of eyeballs (and ears) that will be exposed to the music. If after your deal with NPR expires, you want to spread a Bandcamp link around, you still have that option.
Most labels, though, aren't in a position to get one of the few NPR streams each year. That's fine; my point is that Bandcamp offers them tools that previously only were available to labels with much higher budgets.
. . .
Here are some labels doing good things with Bandcamp.
Grindcore Karaoke
Every single fuckin' release is downloadable for free, complete with liner notes. Is this even a label, or is it really just J. Randall's download blog? We interviewed them here; you can decide for yourself. If you really, really, really like grindcore – 56 releases currently up; can J. Randall even tell them apart? – this is your jam. We've reviewed two out of the 56 releases so far, Romero and Gripe.
Heavy Artillery
If you're a metalhead stuck in the '80s, Heavy Artillery may be for you. We've written about Spellcaster and Evil Survives, Vektor, and Volture. The latest At War record is underrated, too.
NoVisible Scars
Very cool cassette label making a foray into digital. The specialties are underground hessian metal and noise. Somehow that makes complete sense. Check out Nightbitch and Vestal Claret, both downloadable for free.
Relapse
Relapse is the biggest label I know with a Bandcamp, and, boy, are they doing it right. This is your chance to stream a lot of their current catalogue for free before Spotify establishes its US presence. Currently 55 releases are up, though not-yet-released ones have little to no audio. (Right now I'm streaming “Natasha”, the 37-minute doom/noise behemoth that's my favorite music by Pig Destroyer. Fuggit, I'll embed it right here. See how easy Bandcamp is?) You can also preview and pre-order upcoming releases.
. . .
Natasha by Pig Destroyer
. . .
Tankcrimes
If you like your metal lo-fi, punky, and skateboard-y, Tankcrimes is for you. Some stuff is free (check out the Obsessor EP), and a lot is cheap (check out the Abscess/Population Reduction split).
Throatruiner
Super-cool French label oriented towards post-hardcore/grindcore/sludge. Every single fuckin' release is downloadable for free (you'll have to click through to the actual Bandcamp pages, which provide Mediafire links). I am super-big on Nesseria (for fans of Converge and The Secret – fuggit, I'll embed it right here; see how easy Bandcamp is?), and I'm super-stoked on the upcoming split between Nesseria and Clinging to the Trees of a Forest Fire.
. . .
Nesseria by Throatruiner Records
. . .
Know of any more labels doing Bandcamp right? If so, please let us know in the comments.
— Cosmo Lee
. . .
This post is a follow-up to “Every band should have a Bandcamp”.
Thanks to reader Max R for the suggestion.
. . .
Getting Started¶
To get things started we will try to run a very simple GTK based GUI application using the PyGObject provided Python bindings. First create a small Python script called hello.py with the following content and save it somewhere:
import gi gi . require_version ( "Gtk" , "3.0" ) from gi.repository import Gtk window = Gtk . Window ( title = "Hello World" ) window . show () window . connect ( "destroy" , Gtk . main_quit ) Gtk . main ()
Before we can run the example application we need to install PyGObject, GTK and their dependencies. Follow the instructions for your platform below.
After running the example application have a look at the “Python GTK 3 Tutorial” for more examples on how to create GTK apps and the “PyGObject API Reference” for API documentation for all supported libraries.
Windows¶ Go to http://www.msys2.org/ and download the x86_64 installer Follow the instructions on the page for setting up the basic environment Run C:\msys64\mingw32.exe - a terminal window should pop up Execute pacman -Suy Execute pacman -S mingw-w64-i686-gtk3 mingw-w64-i686-python3-gobject To test that GTK 3 is working you can run gtk3-demo Copy the hello.py script you created to C:\msys64\home\<username> In the mingw32 terminal execute python3 hello.py - a window should appear.
Ubuntu / Debian¶ Installing the system provided PyGObject: Open a terminal Execute sudo apt install python3-gi python3-gi-cairo gir1.2-gtk-3.0 Change the directory to where your hello.py script can be found (e.g. cd Desktop ) Run python3 hello.py Installing from PyPI with pip: Open a terminal and enter your virtual environment Execute sudo apt install libgirepository1.0-dev gcc libcairo2-dev pkg-config python3-dev gir1.2-gtk-3.0 to install the build dependencies and GTK Execute pip3 install pycairo to build and install Pycairo Execute pip3 install PyGObject to build and install PyGObject Change the working directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py
Fedora¶ Installing the system provided PyGObject: Open a terminal Execute sudo dnf install python3-gobject gtk3 Change the working directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py Installing from PyPI with pip: Open a terminal and enter your virtual environment Execute sudo dnf install gcc gobject-introspection-devel cairo-devel pkg-config python3-devel gtk3 to install the build dependencies and GTK Execute pip3 install pycairo to build and install Pycairo Execute pip3 install PyGObject to build and install PyGObject Change the working directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py
Arch Linux¶ Installing the system provided PyGObject: Open a terminal Execute sudo pacman -S python-gobject gtk3 Change the working directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py Installing from PyPI with pip: Open a terminal and enter your virtual environment Execute sudo pacman -S python cairo pkgconf gobject-introspection gtk3 to install the build dependencies and GTK Execute pip3 install pycairo to build and install Pycairo Execute pip3 install PyGObject to build and install PyGObject Change the working directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py
openSUSE¶ Installing the system provided PyGObject: Open a terminal Execute sudo zypper install python3-gobject gtk3 Change the directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py Installing from PyPI with pip: Open a terminal and enter your virtual environment Execute sudo zypper install cairo-devel pkg-config python3-devel gcc gobject-introspection-devel to install the build dependencies and GTK Execute pip3 install pycairo to build and install Pycairo Execute pip3 install PyGObject to build and install PyGObject Change the working directory to where your hello.py script can be found Run python3 hello.py
The Dream-Woman by Wilkie Collins (From Queen of Hearts) (1855)
Tuesday's Tale of Terror April 29, 2014
.
A bleak autumn arrives.
Isaac Scatchard, a man of thirty-eight years, has been walking all day through the countryside and comes upon a small inn. They take a room. The landlord happily closes and fastens the windows and doors, bids them a good night's sleep. The unsnuffed candle burns down to issue a dull light as Isaac drifts off.
A strange shivering comes upon him.
“Between the foot of their bed and the closed door there stood a woman with a knife in their hand, looking at him.
They were stricken speechless with terror …”
We have three narrators who tell this story of Isaac Scatchard in The Dream-Woman. We begin with a physician who is traveling with a lame horse and in need of a hostler, so they stop at an inn. We meet the landlord of the inn who tells us about poor old Isaac Scatchard, a hollowed, wrinkled man with grizzled hair—a man who sleeps only by the light of day. The physician wonders if there is something wrong with Isaac's brain that prevents the man from normal night sleeping. They decide they must investigate. But investigate Isaac or the power of dreams?
.
The full story is told by Isaac's mother, Mrs. Scatchard, in Chapter Three. They tell us that Isaac's apparent nightmare of this dream-woman occurred at the precise time and date of Isaac's birthday at 2 a.m. Superstitious dread or warning? What happens to Isaac? Do they dream of this woman again who tries to stab him?
Like Isaac, you might believe that dreams have power. And you might believe that the elements of dreams are not so frothy as to disappear upon waking. Is there a reality in dreams? Maybe of prophecy? Or maybe the dream reality is more like destiny?
.
I adore dream elements in fiction and Wilkie Collins' The Dream-Woman is a haunting story. You know this author from The Woman in White, The Moonstone; Frozen Deep is their most famous play that they co-wrote with Charles Dickens in 1857. Collins was known for creating female characters that often showed a masculine side.  They are certainly revered for their narrative power in this story. If you've ever heard the literary term “sensation genre,” this is the man who started it all.
Collins is one of many writers who use dreams in stories. There is some speculation that Collins may have had such a dream as Isaac had. Robert Louis Stevenson was said to have based Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde on a dream; Horace Walpole's 1764 novel, The Castle of Otranto came from a dream; Stephen King found the story of Salem's Lot in a dream. Everyone knows that Mary Shelley claimed the idea for Frankenstein happened during a dream. I did the same with my novel Night Sea Journey, A Tale of the Supernatural: I dreamed of a woman alone by the sea and ruled by their nightmares of persistent demon. Was I haunted by a winged creature in my own bedroom? Many nights!
I do believe that dreams contain eerie presences and that they have the power to perform a function in our lives. For Isaac Scatchard, the dream operates on both sides of the shadow.
.
There are several versions of The Dream-Woman by Wilkie Collins. This version here is Brother Morgan's Story of the Dream-Woman from Queen of Hearts by Wilkie Collins: Read the text at Ebooks.Adelaide.edu
Another version is subtitled A Mystery in Four Narratives and begins with the narrative (a longer version) told by the character Percy Fairbanks at ReadBooksOnline.net
Or, you can listen to this version in audio, which has four parts on YouTube
.
Other Reading Web Sites to Visit
Bibliophilica.com
Horror Novel Reviews Hell Horror HorrorPalace
HorrorSociety.com
Monster Librarian Tales to Terrify Spooky Reads
Lovecraft Ezine Rob Around Books The Story Reading Ape Blog
The Gothic Wanderer Sirens Call Publications The Fussy Librarian
For Authors/Writers: The Writer Unboxed
Advertisements
My husband and threw a small party, a brunch, the other day. An throwing a party? Yep. I'm not antisocial. I like seeing and offering hospitality. And in some ways, throwing a party is easier than attending someone else's. For one thing, when I need to check out of the chitchat, I can busy myself with hostess duties--refilling food or drinks, mopping up spills, general tidying. Plus, I usually know everyone at my own parties, which makes mingling less awkward for me.
Still, a party is a party and I anticipated this party with the usual combination of pleasure, high , and pre-emptive exhaustion. But this time, while I prepared the food, I also prepared myself, thinking about how I could manage my psychic energy.
Because I went into the party conscious of my energy, an interesting thing happened: I was talking to a guest, someone I didn't know well, and suddenly realized that my energy was shooting every which way. Some was going into my conversation, yes. But I also was conscious of other conversations around me. I was aware of my husband manning the barbecue. I was wondering about guests who hadn't arrived yet. Keeping an eye on the dog. Thinking about running back into the house for ... what? I didn't even know.
No wonder social events exhaust me! My poor brain, accustomed to the quiet focus of solitude, wasn't processing my efficiently. It was trying to absorb and interpret too much, giving me that familiar my-head-might-explode feeling.
But this time, as soon as I became aware of my scattered energy, I tried to gather it in and focus entirely on the conversation at hand.
Immediately, calm settled over me. I looked at the woman talking to me, who a moment earlier was irritating as a buzzing fly, and became interested in what they were saying. The rest of the party receded to the background and managed to function without me for the ten minutes I permitted myself to focus. And with my psychic energy ratcheted down, I was infinitely more relaxed than I had been a minute earlier.
Hm. That's a good trick: When suffering from sensory overload, focus on something manageable. One conversation. Another weapon in my arsenal of party-survival tactics.
Yeah, I have a few party tricks up my sleeve, don't you? For example, admit it: At some point at a party, you've gone into the bathroom not because nature called, but for a moment of quiet solitude. Closing that bathroom door in that small, silent room ... ahhhhh. It's a whole different kind of relief. I know one woman who admits to shutting themselves in the bathroom--at their own parties and others'--and reading.
Actually, I'm currently reading The Introvert Advantage and was tickled to find that author Marti Olsen Laney starts their chapter about socializing with an anecdote about a mid-party retreat to the bathroom.
Speaking of books, snooping in other people's bookcases is a good way to check out of the chitchat. (Snooping in other people's medicine cabinets, however, is not good form, no matter how much time you spend in the bathroom.) Sometimes I even just pretend to look at the books so I can turn my back on the party for a minute and give my brain a break.
If all else fails, I'll step outside for a moment of peace. Actually, in some ways it is my need for party escape that has prevented me from completely and entirely giving up the nasty cigarette habit. I'm still a hobbyist because I like stepping out for a smoke during parties. It's dark and quiet outside there and at most, you might become part of a small (and ever-shrinking) party subset: the smokers/pariahs. I know, I know. Not a good reason to keep smoking but would someone please come up with an alternative?
I also have strategies for extended get-togethers, especially if I'm a house guest or have house guests. For example, one of my Thanksgiving traditions is a long morning walk. I do it not just for the exercise, but for some calm before the social storm. I always pack walking shoes for extended family visits because when I need alone time, I can cite my need for exercise and step out without risk of causing offense. I can buy a full hour of solitude that way and get a little exercise as well.
I've also found, oddly enough, that knitting helps keep some personal space in my brain during those family-just-sittin'-around times. I can remain cognizant of everything happening around me and participate, but the little task engages the wandering part of my mind and somehow approximates solitude in a crowd. I'm not exactly sure why this bit of voodoo works for me, but it does.
What are your party survival tactics? Now's the time to share them, as we careen into the festive season.
--
What is energy directed outward? Or inward? We know what we think we mean when we talk about such things, but how do you measure them in a way that scientists can get a grip on? Nobody has figured that out yet.
Copyright 2009 Sophia Dembling
2015 Beach Soccer Intercontinental Cup Tournament details Host country United Arab Emirates Dates 3–7 November 2015 Teams 8 (from 6 confederations) Venue(s) 1 (in 1 host city) Final positions Champions Russia (3rd title) Runners-up Tahiti Third place Iran Fourth place Egypt Tournament statistics Matches played 20 Goals scored 145 (7.25 per match) Top scorer(s) Mohamed Gamal Best player(s) Yury Krasheninnikov 2014 2016 →
The 2015 Beach Soccer Intercontinental Cup was the fifth edition of the tournament, Beach Soccer Intercontinental Cup. It took place at Jumeirah Beach in Dubai, United Arab Emirates from 3 to 7 November 2015. Eight teams participated in the competition.
Participating teams [ edit ]
Group stage [ edit ]
All matches are listed as local time in Dubai, (UTC+4).
Legend Teams that advanced to the semi-finals
Group A [ edit ]
Team Pld W W+ L GF GA +/- Pts Russia 3 2 0 1 14 8 +6 6 Egypt 3 2 0 1 12 13 –1 6 United Arab Emirates 3 1 1 1 10 10 0 4 Argentina 3 0 0 3 10 15 –5 0
Group B [ edit ]
Team Pld W W+ L GF GA +/- Pts Tahiti 3 3 0 0 14 7 +7 9 Iran 3 2 0 1 12 9 +3 6 Portugal 3 1 0 2 10 14 –4 3 Mexico 3 0 0 3 8 14 –6 0
Classification stage [ edit ]
5–8 places [ edit ]
Seventh place match [ edit ]
Fifth place match [ edit ]
Championship stage [ edit ]
Third place match [ edit ]
Final [ edit ]
Awards [ edit ]
Top scorers [ edit ]
Rank Player Goals
Final standings [ edit ]
Rank Team 1 Russia 2 Tahiti 3 Iran 4 Egypt 5 UAE 6 Portugal 7 Mexico 8 Argentina
The first thing you notice about Western Australia is the light; light so piercing that the late David McComb, from the Perth band the Triffids, once noted that no foreign pair of dark sunglasses could ever shield you from it. It's a dazzling place, all the more so when reflected from the glass towers of the capital's central business district.
Perth is also isolated: once you get over the Darling Scarp, the low range of hills lying to the city's east, the next big centre, Adelaide, is well over 2,500km away.
Isolation has been a blessing and a curse for Perth. At a political level, it fosters occasional expressions of belligerence and complaints that the state contributes more to the federation than it receives from it. Like Queensland, Western Australia occasionally flirts with the possibility of secession, only more seriously – the state held a referendum on the subject in 1933, and there was another outbreak of such talk at the height of the resources boom, including from some prominent members of the Liberal party.
As the boom has receded, Perth has been quietly undergoing a metamorphosis. Once you get past its obvious natural attractions – the long, white beaches welcoming the Indian Ocean; the immense King's Park on the western edge of the CBD, bigger than Central Park in New York City – this thin strip of land on the Swan coastal plain gives up its secrets slowly. But while it will always be isolated, it is turning its back on isolationism and showing its face to the world.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Spanda, or ‘the Paperclip'. Photograph: Andrew Stafford/The Guardian
Wednesday
Morning: a city transformed
The first thing to know about Perth if you're planning an imminent visit is there's still a lot of construction work being completed, particularly around the areas of Elizabeth Quay and Northbridge. The quay, finished in January 2016, is essentially an artificial inlet, designed with the intention of reconnecting the city to the north shore of the Swan river.
There are many public artworks around the inlet, the most obvious being the 29-metre tall Spanda, known colloquially as “the Paperclip”. Grasp its steel structures at the base in the afternoon and you can feel the vibrations from the famous Fremantle Doctor, the south-westerly breeze that runs in from the ocean to cool the city in summer.
The second major area of works close to completion is around the inner-city suburb of Northbridge, previously separated from the CBD by railyards. These have been sunk, again with the aim of reconnecting the precinct to the CBD. It's one of the most vibrant parts of Perth and has many restaurants and bars, and is also the home of the Western Australian Museum, the State Theatre, the Perth Institute of Contemporary Art and the city's Fringe World festival.
Afternoon: exploring Perth's laneways
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Street art by Puerto Rican artist Alexis Diaz in Wolf Lane. Photograph: Andrew Stafford/The Guardian
I'm joined by Ryan Mossny from Two Feet and a Heartbeat, who takes me on a guided walking tour of the city (from $35). This is a great way to quickly get to grips with the place, especially if you're short on time and want to get an overview of the city and find out what's happening at ground level.
The answer is plenty, especially if you're prepared to duck into Perth's many laneways, which provide incredible examples of street art: more than 80 walls around the CBD and surrounding suburbs have been turned into outdoor galleries for artists – local and international.
After dark there are more than 80 small bars to hide away in, a product of the city's relaxation of liquor licensing laws in 2007: check out Helvetica (101 St George's Terrace), where you can buy yourself a bottle of whisky, take a nip and save the rest for your next visit.
You can also get a sense of the city's history. Perth has done a better job than most Australian cities of protecting its colonial-era architecture. The elegant State Buildings (on the corner of St George's Terrace and Barrack Street) are worth checking out: the precinct lay unused for 20 years after the buildings were vacated by the government. They have now been restored for public use. It's a mixture of old and new; the Perth Library – a seven-storey circular structure which makes great use of the city's brilliant natural light – is especially beautiful.
Thursday
Morning: architecture and artists in Fremantle
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A statue of AC/DC frontman Bon Scott on the Fremantle harbour. Photograph: Andrew Stafford/The Guardian
It's fair to say the port of Fremantle is Perth's bohemian enclave – and it's easy to see why. Part of the reason is the architecture: much of the city was built by convicts, including what was once called the lunatic asylum, now the Fremantle Arts Centre. And, of course, there are the Fremantle Dockers, one of two Perth-based Australian football teams and very much the underdog to their bitter foes, West Coast Eagles.
There are more than 3,000 heritage-listed buildings in Fremantle, 150 of them in the care of the National Trust. One of the convicts' first tasks was to build their own prison, the Round House, built in 1830–31, in the port's West End, characterised by its low limestone buildings with beautiful facades. It's in West End that I stop for breakfast at Moore & Moore cafe, which features a large courtyard adjacent to a gallery; it's a favourite of the city's artists and musicians.
After breakfast, I take a walk down to the docks to check out Bon Scott's statue. The late AC/DC singer's ashes are interred nearby. The Scott family took up residence in Fremantle in 1956 after arriving from Kirriemuir, Scotland. Greg James's sculpture – which features the impish frontman atop a Marshall stack – gets them just about right, with the mic lead coiled and the high-waisted jeans all but spray-painted on. It's one for fans but well worth the brief diversion before wandering down to the docks.
Midday: cycling around Rotto
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Thomson Bay, Rottnest Island. Photograph: Rottnest Island Authority/Tourism Western Australia
A trip to Perth would not be complete without a visit to what the locals affectionately call “Rotto”, and what the Indigenous Noongar people refer to as Wadjemup. The island lies just half an hour by ferry from Fremantle (services also run out of Perth, from the Barrack Street jetty and Hillary's boat harbour, and take slightly longer; the Barrack Street jetty trip takes 90 minutes, but includes a leisurely cruise down the Swan river).
There are tourist buses around the island, which may be handy if you're short of time. Otherwise, the best way to get around is to hire one of the bicycles on the Rottnest Express. The entire coastline is a little more than 20km long, and you can easily cover it in the course of several hours or over a leisurely day trip. Come prepared with lots of water and sunscreen though, especially in summer.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tiny and tame: a quokka on Rottnest Island. Photograph: Tourism Western Australia
It's a beautiful place. You can go snorkelling in the turquoise inlets, stroll the many beaches or check out the salt lakes in the interior, a haven for local birdlife. And of course there are the quokkas, which are found almost nowhere else. The island was named Rotte Nest (Rat's Nest) by the Dutch mariner Willem de Vlamingh in 1696 for its population of these tiny and very tame wallaby-like creatures, and it's not long before I spot one under a teatree; it allows me to approach within a metre without turning a hair.
I needn't have looked so hard. Over lunch at Hotel Rottnest, just a few hundred metres from the jetty, I hear a movement, and there's one on the deck with me. The food is great, too – I have Mexican-style pork belly with roasted sweet potato and coriander salad ($34), helped down with a couple of sneaky lunchtime beverages. The rest of the time I don't do much but burn my eyes some more staring out into Thomson Bay. There are worse ways to while away an afternoon.
Evening: fun at Fringe World festival
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The popular Fringe World festival in Perth. Photograph: Tourism Western Australia
Since the inaugural event in 2011, Fringe World festival is now the third biggest event of its type in the world, running over 31 days during January and February, and the biggest annual cultural event in the state. It's genuinely quirky – not a word I would have associated with Perth – and staggeringly popular; attendance in 2016 topped out at about 900,000 people.
The Fringe is a perfect symbol for Perth's changing face: it provides opportunities to local and visiting artists alike, and it has tapped the city's appetite for the arts. A bit like my hometown of Brisbane, which shed a generation's worth of artistic talent in the 1970s and 80s, Perth is finding ways to give those who might once have fled for Sydney or Melbourne a reason to stay. Give it another year or two and the transformation should be complete.
• Guardian Australia was a guest of Western Australia Tourism. For more information, visit Western Australia or see @westernaustralia on Instagram
• This article was amended on 26 February 2017. An earlier version said the Round House was built in 1930–31. This has been corrected to say 1830–31.
Travelling around Australia? Find discount codes for local hotels by going to discountcode.theguardian.com/au
One company's garbage is another's gold. That's what Burt's Bees discovered when workers there donned hazmat suits and jumped into their trash to have a look at what they were throwing away.
Employees waded through two weeks of garbage and found recycling opportunities that cut the company's waste in half while generating $25,000 in estimated annual savings, says John Replogle, president and CEO of the natural ingredient body products manufacturer.
"We found money in the dumpster," they declare. "We've turned our waste stream from a cost center into a profit center."
Burt's Bees is one example of how companies across the U.S. are taking a close look at what's in their garbage bins to make big changes in reducing waste in the workplace. With many corporations setting sustainability goals of curbing trash and improving recycling, the dumpster dive is an instructive way of guiding them to hit those targets.
Businesses are also finding new revenue streams in their garbage by taking items that were hauled away to the landfill in the past and instead selling them to someone else for cash -- a boon in a slow economy. In addition, many companies seeking LEED certification are sifting through their trash as part of waste stream audits to earn credits toward that seal of approval from the U.S. Green Building Council.
Dumpster diving helped move Burt's Bees closer to its goal of sending zero waste to landfills by 2020. Set 18 months ago, the company quickly made great strides at reaching that target and went from producing 40 tons of waste per month down to an impressive 10 tons per month by aggressively recycling and introducing composting at its Durham, N.C., corporate office and manufacturing plant, says Replogle.
"Then we were stuck and needed to reinvigorate the effort again," they recall.
So the company's green team devised a plan last summer to stockpile all garbage for two weeks, then dump it in the parking lot and enlist a group of employees to pick through it and see what they could divert from the heap. On a steamy summer day, the group sorted the hefty mound of trash into three piles: items they already recycle that shouldn't have been in the trash; things they could recycle if they had an outlet to send them to (such as plastic buckets); and stuff that was truly garbage and couldn't be recycled for sanitary reasons (including latex gloves and hair nets).
"Once you've seen your garbage up close, it's hard to ignore it," jokes Shira E. Norman, a research consultant in the Chicago office of YRG Sustainability, a consulting firm that works with companies applying for LEED certification.
Seeing is Believing
While there may be a certain "yuck" factor to picking through your company's garbage, experts insist the exercise makes a strong impression on employees that can inspire behavior change with far greater impact than any written report or e-mail alert, Norman says.
Burt's Bees' Replogle agrees. They say they used their dumpster diving effort as a teachable moment and urged its 300-plus workers that day to inspect what they were throwing away. The exercise was so visually compelling that the company recorded the event and posted it as a video link on its website's sustainability report. For awhile, the video was drawing rave reviews on YouTube.
"That walk through the parking lot and seeing all that trash translated into a collective 'aha moment' and we all realized we could do a better job at recycling," says Replogle. After that experience, the company quickly jumped from 80 percent compliance in recycling to 98 percent, they say. "Now we have a shared ethos of taking responsibility," they add.
Even companies with robust recycling programs can find room for improvement in a vigorous search through their garbage, asserts Todd Sutton, who derives their business, WasteSleuth.com, from helping corporations and public agencies analyze their trash and find smart ways to reduce it. They say many people think they're already doing the most with their garbage if they have a recycling bin in the office.
"They have a false sense of success that they've satisfied their need to recycle," adds Sutton, who managed a county-wide recycling program that included Berkeley and Oakland, Calif., for more than a decade before launching their recent venture. In fact, "recycling is the last thing you want to do," they argue. "It's always better to eliminate things, re-use or repair them."
Old Pros Get Results
Bentley Prince Street, a subsidiary of carpeting manufacturer Interface, Inc., is an old hand at dumpster diving. The company has been at it for 12 years and does it on a monthly basis to complement its aggressive recycling program in both the manufacturing and office areas in its plant in City of Industry, Calif., says Judy Pike, director of sustainability and supply management.
Each month, a random department is chosen for the activity. Facilities personnel lay out a tarp near its outdoor recycling area and empty two dumpsters for 20 employees who sift through the trash for about 15 minutes to identify items that could be recycled or re-used in different ways, Pike explains. When they first started picking through the garbage, the company had three types of recycling bins in-house for cardboard, yarn and plastic wrap. Today there are about 20 different containers, including ones for metal buckles and straps, mixed paper, shear lint, twine and wood.
The exercise has resulted in a handsome payoff. By converting all those metal, plastic and paper scraps into recyclables that are sold to other sources, the carpet manufacturer earns an additional $150,000 a year, says Pike. The company also saves about $50,000 annually in waste-hauling costs that would have been spent on shipping those items to a landfill.
"The monetary savings are an important aspect of our program, but equally important is diverting waste from landfills and educating our employees about recycling and sustainability," Pike adds.
Dumpster Diving Tips • Decide how long to collect trash before the dive. Many companies can learn enough about what's in their garbage to improve recycling efforts if they retain at least 24 hours worth of their garbage. What's most important is to collect a realistic sample of most things the organization throws away. Future dives should replicate the same time period for meaningful comparisons and data collection.
• Establish an accurate baseline of the waste stream. In the first dive, it's important to measure how much garbage is generated by your company during a defined time period -- measured by either volume or weight. Having that baseline data will help companies track their improvements in reducing waste after the first round of information is recorded. Share the good news about trash reductions with employees by posting charts in high-traffic areas, such as the cafeteria.
• Be creative when thinking about waste reduction. Identify opportunities for waste reduction by doing more than recycling. Look at the source of the garbage and try to reuse items or eliminate them altogether, such as installing hand dryers in bathrooms instead of paper towels. Also, insist that outside contractors take their trash with them when their job is finished on your premises.
• Green team should enlist regular employees to assist. While members of a company's green team or operations managers are likely to be the ones organizing the endeavor, rank and file employees will gain much from the experience by seeing first-hand what they and their co-workers throw away. Better yet, invite the entire staff to have a look -- at least once -- at the trash they generate to inspire them to change their behaviors. Finding Markets after the Dive
Once a corporation has identified items in the trash that could be diverted to other recycling sources, managers may be challenged to locate outlets within a reasonable distance that can purchase those items, cautions Sutton. Sometimes just finding an organization that is willing to take materials away for free or for a nominal fee to recycle is worthwhile since the company would otherwise pay a waste hauler to take it to a landfill.
When the environmental committee at Quality Bicycle Parts, a Bloomington, Minn.-based distribution company, conducted its first dumpster dive in 2007, they found lots of shrink wrap and plastic yellow strapping material that came bound with most shipments they receive, recalls Lisa Anderson, QBP's environmental coordinator. And while they figured these were materials that could be recycled, identifying someone who could take it off their hands took some legwork.
Luckily, they found a local plastic recycling company that would take some of their cast-off goods, says Anderson. Since QBP has the storage space to accumulate recyclable items in the back of its building, it has been sending those materials to the recycling company four times a year and earning about $700 to $800 each time, they say. Anderson adds the effort has cut their overall trash volume by 30 percent.  They are planning another dumpster dive in early 2009 to identify further reductions.
LEED Certification Inspires Diving
Some companies launch their first dive after deciding to pursue LEED certification for an existing building. Part of the process often involves a waste stream audit where certification seekers get intimate with their garbage, report on it and identify opportunities for diverting those items from the trash, notes YRG's Norman. For example, if mounds of paper towels from the bathroom are found in the trash, a company might explore the option of installing hand dryers to eliminate that source, says Norman.
In addition, requesting information about weight or volume from a company's waste hauler isn't good enough to meet the LEED criteria because it doesn't address what is and isn't being recycled, they say.
The owners of Northland Executive Office Center knew they had to jump into their dumpster when they began their quest for LEED certification for their two-building, multi-tenant property in a Minneapolis suburb. Before embarking on the dive, managers there reported they already were recycling about 25 percent of all the trash that accumulated, says Maribeth Russell, senior property manager at Northmarq Real Estate Services, which operates the building and is applying for LEED certification.
Russell was surprised at what they found in September when they and others sifted through a 24-hour collection of the buildings' trash. Of the 1,100 pounds of garbage they inspected, Russell and their colleagues determined about 30 percent of it, or about 320 pounds of garbage, could easily have been recycled. The most surprising item they found mixed in was ink cartridges from copiers, which companies typically have been recycling for many years.
"I don't think we would have uncovered something like that just by looking at monthly invoices [about volume] from the waste hauler," they admit.
One of the biggest challenges afterward for Russell was figuring out how to boost recycling in a 165,000 square-foot complex with 30 commercial tenants who don't work for Northmarq and would have to change their ways on a voluntary basis. To that end, Russell hosted a "lunch and learn" to share the dumpster findings with key personnel representing each tenant. They offered tips on how they can enhance their recycling program if they'd like. Russell also promised additional recycling containers and more frequent pick-ups.
"We got a great response, but all I can do is provide the necessary tools," they say. "I hope it gains some momentum."
Dumpster Diving Elicits Behavior Change
Companies should involve their employees in looking at their trash through an "eco-lens" because workers can be highly creative in coming up with ideas for reducing waste or avoiding purchases of certain kinds of materials, advises Richard Young, president of Environmental Performance Group, a Park City, Utah-based consulting firm.
Kim Matsoukas, Bentley Prince Street's sustainability manager, calls dumpster diving and recycling programs "gateway behavior change" because when employees closely examine their garbage and begin to recycle in earnest, they think about reducing waste in other areas. For example, the company now only orders snacks from vending machine firms that agree to take back all their packaging materials instead of leaving them behind in Bentley Prince Street's trash, they say. Any outside contractor that performs tasks for the company on the premises also is contractually obligated to take away all leftover materials when the work is done.
Pike notes that coupling searches through the trash with a recycling program guarantees greater success. "It's the premier way for employees to keep recycling in their minds because we do the dive every month and it's highly visual," they say.
Since the big dumpster dive at Burt's Bees last summer, the company has drilled down that initiative to the departmental level. In recent months, management has instituted "green derby day," where a team shows up unannounced in various departments to inspect the local recycling bins to make sure items in the containers are being sorted correctly, says Replogle.
If the department passes the test perfectly, a sticker is placed on the bins as recognition. If employees make mistakes, however, they get a "ticket" on their bin with their name on it. If workers get three tickets, they have to meet with Replogle for remedial training with the boss.
"I'll sit with them and pick through the trash to teach them where everything needs to go," they say. "It's important because my bonus is tied to (our goal of getting to zero waste) and so is everyone else's at the company."
Judith Nemes is a Chicago-based freelance writer and adjunct journalism professor at Columbia College Chicago.
Iraqi paramilitary forces announced Saturday that they had discovered a mass grave at Badush prison near Mosul containing the remains of hundreds of people executed by ISIS.
ISIS reportedly killed up to 600 people after seizing the jail in 2014, and was also said to have held hundreds of kidnapped women from Iraq's Yazidi minority at the facility.
The Iraqi military said that forces from the Hashed al-Shaabi -- an umbrella group of pro-government forces that are dominated by Iran-backed Shiite militias -- were among the units that recaptured the prison from the extremists.
Hashed forces found “a large mass grave containing the remains of around 500 civilian prisoners in (Badush) prison who were executed by (ISIS) gangs after they controlled the prison during their occupation of Mosul,” they said.
The Hashed did not say how they reached that figure, which could not be independently confirmed, but it is in keeping with a Human Rights Watch report of ISIS killings at Badush.
According to HRW, ISIS gunmen executed up to 600 inmates from Badush prison on June 10, 2014, forcing them to kneel along a nearby ravine and then shooting them with assault rifles.
Iraqi lawmaker Vian Dakhil also said that year that the jihadists were holding more than 500 Yazidi women at Badush.
ISIS targeted the Yazidi religious minority in a brutal campaign of executions, kidnapping and rape, killing men and holding women and girls as sex slaves.
ISIS overran large areas north and west of Baghdad in 2014, but Iraqi forces backed by US-led air strikes have since regained most of the territory they lost.
Iraqi forces launched an operation to retake Mosul -- the last ISIS-held city in Iraq -- in October, recapturing its eastern side before setting their sights on its smaller but more densely populated west.
Last Update: Saturday, 11 March 2017 KSA 17:35 - GMT 14:35
Code:
get_order(first_vertex, vertices_to_consider): /* Define some variables */ order = [] stack = empty_stack cur_dfsnum = 0 indexes = [] low = [] /* Nested function, has access to above variables (closure) */ visit(cur_vertex): index[cur_vertex] = cur_dfsnum low[cur_vertex] = cur_dfsnum cur_dfsnum++ push cur_vertex on stack for each child in cur_vertex.edges where child in vertices_to_consider if index[child] == "To be done" visit(child) low[cur_vertex] = min(low[cur_vertex], low[child]) else if index[child] == "Done" /* Do nothing */ else low[cur_vertex] = min(low[cur_vertex], index[child]) if low[cur_vertex] == index[cur_vertex] /* we found an SCC */ scc = [] do popped = pop from stack scc += popped index[popped] = "Done" until popped == current_vertex if scc.length == 1 order = cur_vertex + order else order = get_order(choose_first(scc), scc) + order /* visit() ends */ for vertex in vertices_to_consider: index[vertex] = "To be done" /* Special-case the start vertex to prevent infinite recursion */ index[first_vertex] = "Done" for each child in first_vertex.edges where child in vertices_to_consider if index[child] == "To be done" visit(child) order = first_vertex + order return order
Sometime in the 1970's, police officers from New York City wanted a safe haven to live, away from the dangers of the streets of New York City, this is when they established a "Cop Land" in the small New Jersey town of Garrison. Freddy Heflin who was always admired by the New York cops wanted to become one, but because they were deaf in one ear this prevents them from achieving their goal, but has become sheriff of Garrison. Recently there have been a dark omen surrounding the NYPD, and Freddy is now investigating on this case, then Internal Affairs officer Mo Tilden is also on the case and asks Freddy for help, but Freddy could not. Now Freddy suspects that a New York City cop named Ray Donlan might be one of the many cops who are corrupted by the mob and other criminals. Now, Freddy must find a cop who is nicknamed "Superboy" who can testify against Donlan and protect him, before Donlan finds Superboy and kills him. Written by John Wiggins
A close analysis of the voting pattern among national newspaper readers at May's general election reveals that the rightwing press played a significant role in the Tory victory.
By comparing the votes cast by readers at separate titles at this year's election with those at the 2010 election it is possible to detect the impact of the Conservative press on behalf of David Cameron's party.
The first point to note from the YouGov survey of voting by newspaper readership is the big vote for Ukip by readers of the Daily Express, the only paper to back Nigel Farage's party.
Independent readers voted against paper's election endorsement Read more
A higher percentage of Express readers (27%) voted Ukip than at any other paper. Even so, 51% voted Tory. A similar poll conducted in 2010 by Ipsos Mori, which broke down voting by newspaper readerships, shows that 53% of its readers then voted Tory.*
The great change from five years ago was the decrease in voting for Labour (down from 19% to 13%) and particularly the Lib Dems, down from 18% to just 5%.
A similar pattern emerges from comparisons of the proportion of readers voting for each party at three other Tory-supporting titles: the Daily Telegraph, Daily Mail and the Sun.
Breakdown of voting by newspaper read. Breakdown of voting by newspaper read.
The totals voting Conservative in 2015 at all three were almost exactly the same as in 2010. And there were only minimal falls in Labour's vote among their readers while Lib Dem support collapsed.
It is inconceivable that previous Lib Dem voters opted for Ukip, so it is fair to surmise that most of them chose Labour, which would account for the voting numbers for Labour readers of rightwing papers holding steady.
Given that some Tory voters must have gravitated towards Ukip, it strongly suggests that many former Labour voters switched to either the Tories or to Ukip.
Therefore, it is reasonable to argue that the rightwing press's propagandistic favouring of anti-immigration and anti-EU policies as espoused by Ukip, and as adopted in softer form by Cameron during their campaign, weighed heavily in the balance at the ballot box.
I concede that it is not proof positive of the Tory-supporting press's influence, but it is a perfectly feasible conclusion to reach and does lend some credence to my (much criticised) blogpost on 11 May, Yes, rightwing newspaper coverage did cause Ed Miliband's downfall.
It is a hunch, sure, but - as I pointed out previously - the margins of Labour losses at marginals that proved crucial to the election's outcome were relatively small. The Tory press can surely boast that it won it for Cameron.
But it's only fair to point out that 9% of the Labour-supporting Daily Mirror's readers also voted for Ukip despite a big rise in its readers' support for Labour (up from 59% to 67%). Again, however, the Lib Dem support slumped (down from 17% to 5%) while the previous support for the Tories, of 16%, fell to 11%.
So the pattern at the rightwing papers holds true at the Mirror, with Lib Dem voters turning to Labour while many previous Tory and Labour voters must have chosen Ukip.
To get a grip on my argument, here are the comparative 2010-15 figures at all titles, beginning with Ukip (which didn't register in the 2010 survey).**
Daily Telegraph: Ukip: 12%. Tories: 70%/69%. Labour: 7%/8%. Lib Dems: 18%/8%.
Daily Mail: Ukip: 19%. Tories: 59% Tories in 2010/59% in 2015. Labour: 16%/14%. Lib Dems: 16%/5%.
The Sun: Ukip: 19%. Tories: 43%/47%. Labour: 28%/24%. Lib Dem: 18%/4%.
Daily Express: Ukip: 27%. Tories: 53%/51%. Labour: 19%/13%. Lib Dems: 18%/5%.
The Times: Ukip: 6%. Tories: 49%/55%. Labour: 22%/20%. Lib Dems: 24%/13%.
Daily Mirror: Ukip: 9%. Tories: 16%/11%. Labour: 59%/67%. Lib Dems: 17%/5%.
As for the others, the YouGov survey shows that readers of the Independent ignored their paper's wish to see the continuation of the Conservative-Lib Dem coalition.
Instead, 47% of its readers voted Labour, with 17% voting for the Tories and 16% for the Lib Dems, which was the highest proportion for that party among newspaper readers.
But it was a substantial fall on 2010 when the Ipsos Mori figures showed that 44% of Indy readers voted Lib Dem (and 32% favoured Labour).
One of the more predictable outcomes was among Guardian readers, where 62% voted for Labour (as against 46% in 2010) and 11% voted Lib Dem, compared to 37% last time. More Guardian readers voted Green (14%) than at any other title. And Ukip? Just 1%!
See also Alberto Nardelli's article on the YouGov survey.
*Ipsos Mori has not produced figures for voting by newspaper readership at this election. The YouGov survey used a sample of 100,000 people, weighted to the demographic and political character of Britain.
**YouGov did not give figures for the Financial Times or the Daily Star. One other noticeable omission from the figures is the vote for the Scottish National Party, which received an endorsement from the Sun's Scottish edition.
THERE aren't many 17-year-olds who would turn down a three-year contract offer from Celtic to go back to school.
Ciaran McKenna isn't like most 17-year-olds.
5 Ciaran McKenna turned their back on signing for Celtic by moving to America
For nine years in the Hoops youth ranks, the boyhood supporter thought about little else other than landing that first professional deal.
However, when the time came they raised eyebrows by opting instead for a £200,000 scholarship at Duke University in North Carolina.
A year and a half on, the talented midfielder has no regrets about taking the road less travelled.
They explained: “I was 16 and in my fourth year at St Ninian's – which is Celtic's version of the SFA's Performance Schools – when a few of us were offered contracts.
“In fifth year you'd go full-time and only go to school one day a week, with the option of choosing to do one Higher exam.
“At the time I felt like I wanted to put my education first, because one solitary qualification wouldn't help that much if my football career didn't go to plan.
“I stayed on and did four in the end, getting straight As thankfully, whilst going in full-time one day a week.
5 Young Ciaran has put their education first but is also chasing their football dream
“I still started most games and played well, so Celtic offered me the same contract at the end of that year.
“But I'd been doing well at school without it affecting my football, so I wanted to see if I could keep that balance going at a higher level, so I thought the best option was a scholarship in America.
“My dream was always to sign for Celtic but I kept an open mind.
“A few schools out in America were interested and offered to fly me out, but as soon as I visited Duke my mind was made up.
“The facilities are incredible and they have quality players from all over the world.
5 Ciaran will study at Duke University in North Carolina
“Probably more importantly, they're also one of the top five universities in America and on a par with the Ivy League ones. There wasn't a better place for me to combine my education and football.
“It definitely surprised a lot of people. Most said it would be a good experience but that it wouldn't help me become a footballer, without them knowing too much about it.
“Celtic, to their credit, were fully supportive even though they wanted to keep me.
“I can't speak any higher of Chris McCart. They wished me all the best when I left.”
5 Celtic's Head of Youth development Chris McCart outside St Ninians
The 6ft 4in starlet will eventually specialise in political science, and revealed their long-standing interest in a subject that would bore many of their peers to tears.
McKenna said: “It's an interesting time to be studying politics in America!
“I've always been interested in it and I remember on one pre-season with Celtic we staged a debate on the independence referendum in the team hotel.
“We were up in Aberdeen playing in the Denis Law tournament and the referendum was the next month.
“I'd been writing papers on it for school and was very passionate about the subject.
“I'd end up talking about it with anyone and everyone, so one night one of the coaches suggested we have a proper structured debate.
5 Ciaran always wanted to play for their boyhood heroes
“I was the spokesperson for the Yes campaign and one of the other boys – I better not say who – argued for No.
“It was hosted by the physio and lasted for about an hour and a half.
“We took a poll at the start of how people would vote, with about four or five of the boys undecided, and I'm glad to say I managed to switch about the same number from their original opinion.
“One of the main things about going down this path was that, at the end of the three and a half years, I hope I'll have more options than I would have done otherwise – ideally within football, or maybe in the world of work.
“Two of the boys from our team turned professional in the MLS last year. Another didn't quite make it and now has a top job on Wall Street with Morgan Stanley.”
For now it's a constant battle to balance the books and their football boots, but it's one he's enjoying.
They said: “It's exceeded all my expectations.
“I was used to getting up at 6am for training and school at St Ninian's but this is a different level.
“I'm out of my comfort zone and the academic side is challenging but I love it.
“The same applies to the football and I'm lucky that I played as often as I did in my first-year student year.
“The workload's intense but I feel like I've come on leaps and bounds as a result, as a player and a person.
“Everything's geared towards helping you improve.
“For example, the weights room is incredible and about four to five times the size of the Celtic one and I think there is a coach for every two players to hammer home technique.
“We'll get, on average, 1500-2000 people for our games on a Friday night but it was 5000 for a big one in October, which compares well to some teams in the Scottish Premiership.
“I want to make the most of every minute I'm here and see where it takes me.”
For more information on the kind of scholarship Ciaran embarked on, log on to www.premierscholarshipsusa.co.uk
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Scottish Sun Online. Email us at scottishsundigital@news.co.uk or call 0141 420 5266
“It demonstrates so clearly the power of psychology,” they said.
Penalty kicks, in theory, represent a relatively simple task for a professional player: score against only the goalkeeper from 12 yards, and do it at your own pace. And yet the shootout has become a confounding stumbling block, one that regularly diverts national sports heroes like Baggio onto paths of international infamy.
No one was shocked, for example, when Frank Lampard of England said recently that their team, which has been knocked out of five major tournaments in the last two decades via the shootout, was anxious about the possibility of having to take penalty kicks next month at the World Cup in South Africa.
Here is the bad news for Lampard: In the last seven World Cup tournaments, 10 of the 14 teams that appeared in the final had to win a shootout along the way. As Jordet said, “I would not go into this World Cup trying to win it without preparing for them.”
For the more anxious among the world's soccer professionals, a growing legion of scientists are studying penalty kicks, trying to discover just what goes wrong when a player self-destructs on the spot.
In a recent spate of published studies, the importance of visual attention and gaze control have come into view.
Visual attention — the ability to zero in on a specific subject amid vast amounts of sensory information — has been well researched in aiming tasks, like shooting a basketball, throwing darts or putting in golf. The gist of this research is simple: If you are throwing a ball — or kicking one — train your eye on where you want it to go.
In an article published this year in the journal Human Movement Science, researchers in Amsterdam demonstrated this concept in soccer using head-mounted infrared eye-tracking cameras. They found that shooters who were reminded to kick away from the goalkeeper, rather than to shoot accurately or into open space, spent less time fixating on their target and ultimately scored fewer goals.
Photo
“You have it in your mind that you don't want to kick it to the keeper, and that's what you do,” Olaf Binsch, one of the authors, said in an interview. “If I were coaching, I would use positive instructions instead of the word ‘keeper' or the words ‘not' or ‘no.' In our brains, those words are not nice.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Another researcher, Rich Masters of the Institute of Human Performance in Hong Kong, found a few years ago that shooters could subconsciously perceive when a goalkeeper was as little as two and a half inches off-center and would shoot more frequently to the side that was wider.
A wily goalkeeper could certainly use that information to their advantage (other research suggests that goalkeepers who wear red are more difficult to score on). So a mindful disregard for the presence of the keeper, it seems, would do a World Cup penalty taker a world of good.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Why is it, then, that players still get it wrong so often? A common crux of the varied threads of research suggests a familiar bugbear: pressure engenders anxiety and anxiety, in turn, affects performance.
In a study conducted last year, researchers from the University of Exeter in England instructed one group of subjects, labeled “low-threat,” to simply try their best in a penalty-kicking task. Members of another group were told that their individual scores would be circulated to the rest of the participants and that the winner would earn £50, about $72. The study found that shooters in the second group fixated longer on the goalkeeper, and this significantly lowered their shooting accuracy.
“People under pressure feel like they lose control and they're unable to control their attention,” Mark Wilson, one of the authors of the study, said of the findings. Imagine the pressure in a World Cup shootout: “You're standing on the halfway line, you walk all the way up, you pick up the ball, you spot it, step back, the hopes of your country on top of you,” they said, laughing. “That's an awful lot of time for your attentional control to be disrupted.”
While researchers like Binsch and Wilson conduct most of their work in a controlled lab setting, Jordet and their colleagues use a different approach. Over the last six years they have examined videos of every shootout from each World Cup, European Championship and Copa América — the sport's three biggest international competitions — since 1978.
Their team has scrutinized more than 400 penalty kicks and accounted for more than 120 variables in each shot, ranging from a player's body language to time intervals in their prekick routine.
One of Jordet's conclusions deals not with the run-up to a kick, but what occurs afterward. A player who celebrates demonstratively after scoring, they said, increases the chance that their teammates will score later in the shootout and also increases the likelihood that the opposing player who shoots immediately after them will miss.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I make this point every time I work with a team,” said Jordet, who was an adviser to the Dutch national team from 2005 to 2008. “Some players score and look like they're at a funeral because they're still nervous.”
The researchers all agreed that intensive practice was the most important way to manage pressure. “You need to shoot thousands of penalty kicks, know exactly the distance to the ball, know that it's always a standard situation,” Binsch said.
But this has not always been a universally shared sentiment. Before the World Cup in 1998, England's coach, Glen Hoddle, said it was not worth practicing penalty kicks because the atmosphere of the game could not be recreated on the training field. England went on to lose to Argentina in a second-round shootout.
“That's the sort of comment that will get me angry,” Wilson said.
So for the players, a quick recap: Ignore the goalkeeper. Brush off the weight of an entire nation. Score.
And, of course, don't forget to celebrate.
CALLS are being made for a public referendum over the future of Worcestershire's councils before they take the plunge and grab any more powers from Whitehall.
The Labour group leader of Worcestershire County Council has upped the ante over big potential changes by insisting people must get a say before anything is agreed.
Councillor Peter McDonald's intervention comes at a time when local authorities around the country are facing their biggest shake-ups for a generation.
The aftermath of the Scottish 'no' vote in the referendum left English regions facing their own challenge on how to get more power and influence from Whitehall.
Metropolitan areas have been invited to submit bids to the Government by Friday, September 4 as to what they want control over.
The picture for shires like Worcestershire will not be clear until a later date, but The Advertiser revealed two weeks ago how consultants KPMG have been asked by County Hall to examine the possible options - which could suggest radical changes.
The leaders of all seven Worcestershire councils are coming together to discuss it at the end of September.
Councillor McDonald said: "There is a great deal of talking, much of which has been going on behind closed doors.
"They've been discussing the possibility of Worcestershire County Council taking on further powers from the Government - that could well be health, economic development, transportation, road infrastructure, and so on.
"There is a need for a debate on this issue before any final decision is taken.
"Any combining of authorities could lead to the break-up of Worcestershire and what that might lead to? "Would all those north of Worcestershire become in the near future part of Birmingham, would the rest of Worcestershire, to survive, become a unitary authority?
"The Labour group feels strongly that this matter is too serious to be left to carry on without full consultation with residents."
But Councillor Adrian Hardman, the leader of the county council, has urged caution.
"There are two streams of work being done by the Government, one is aimed at the 'Mets' (metropolitan areas), but the counties will be dealt with by the new legislation coming forward around October, so this isn't a rip-roaring rush for us," they said.
"What I will do next week is written to the secretary of state to say we're still interested (in more powers) - but there is a nuance between what those metropolitan areas are doing and the counties, we're very different."
They said the seven Worcestershire leaders will talk it through further once KPMG wraps up its assessment.
Redditch Council leader Bill Hartnett has previously said they are against a powerful new 'super council' for Worcestershire.
They said: "I will be interested to see what results KPMG come up with and we will be considering everything very carefully before any decisions are made by the council.
"Decisions will not be made lightly and will be decided upon by the council as a whole."
Steve Albers, an intern with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, lifts the carcass of a duck killed by avian botulism out of the water. Nate Schweber
An estimated 10,000 ducks and geese here, plus many others around the state, have been killed this year by outbreaks of avian botulism, a bacterial disease related to the deadly botulism that humans fear from improperly canned food. A third year of drought in California, this one the most extreme, has created what Beckstrand calls a perfect storm of an environment for botulism bacteria to explode. Worse, by shrinking reservoirs, ponds and wetlands, the drought has decreased the amount of surface water where waterfowl can spread out, thereby concentrating them in sloughs where this contagious disease is most severe.
“And the problem is, we don't know how wide it's going to spread or when it's going to end,” they add.
The colossal Central Valley of California is part of a vital bird migration route known as the Pacific Flyway. Before European settlement, the Central Valley gave wintering grounds for some 40 million waterfowl. In modern times, 95 percent of the wetlands were dried for agriculture, and now the valley grows about a quarter of all the food eaten in the United States. But the land still supports an estimated one-fourth of all the migratory birds in North America, biologists say. Starting in late summer and building to a crescendo by late fall, some 4 million to 7 million waterfowl course south down the Pacific Flyway, particularly ducks, geese and swans that summer in Alaska and on the prairies of Canada. These birds take rest breaks in all the waterways along their migration route.
While it's a neurotoxin, avian botulism exists naturally, in nonlethal quantities, in the soil of waterways and wetlands, scientists say. It is not a threat to humans. The problem is that the bacteria turns virulent in water that is low, warm and sapped of dissolved oxygen — precisely the conditions created by drought.
“It creates this continuous cycle,” says Krysta Rogers, environmental scientist for the California Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Survivor 2015: Exit Interview with the Latest Player Voted Out of Survivor Cambodia
Rob Cesternino talks with the fifth player to be voted out of Survivor: Cambodia in our weekly exit interview podcast. Then, Rob welcomes back Jordan Kalish (@JordanKalish) to talk about what went down on this week in Survivor History
Survivor Cambodia Exit Interview with Monica Padilla who got voted off Season 31 on October 21, 2015
Rob asks the following questions of Monica Padilla and more:
Was Monica surprised that Kimmi gunned for them so hard at this vote?
What was Monica's relationship like with Kimmi at old Bayon?
Did Monica try at all beyond what was shown to save Kelly Wiglesworth?
Why was a women's alliance such an important part of Monica's plan?
How was Monica fitting in at the pre-swap Bayon? Who was Monica close with?
Does Monica think that Bayon threw this week's immunity challenge?
How much was Monica in their own head trying to play a different game than in Samoa?
Did Monica's performance in the challenge affect the decision of the Bayon tribe at all?
Since so much was made about Monica's lack of airtime, what are some things that Monica experienced during their 13 days in the game?
Was Monica working with anybody from the pre-game?
What was it like getting to play Survivor with Stephen Fishbach?
Did the Mets winning take the sting off the night at all?
Be sure to check back later today for Rob's interview with Teresa Cooper and voicemails with Akiva Wienerkur.
Subscribe to the Podcast:
How to Help Support RHAP Today's Sponsor: Stamps.com | Use promo code: RHAP
Become a Patron of Rob Has a Podcast | RobHasAwebsite.com/Patron
For More on Monica Padilla's First Game in Survivor: The Australian Outback, Check out Chapter 2 of The Evolution of Strategy
Posted on behalf of Jessica Morrison.
A key US House of Representatives committee approved legislation on 28 May that recommends steep cuts to US National Science Foundation (NSF) social-science funding and controversial changes to the agency's grant-making process.
The bill, authored by House Science, Space, and Technology Committee chairperson Lamar Smith (Republican, Texas), seeks to reduce funding for NSF's social, behavioural and economic sciences division by 22% in fiscal year 2014, to US$200 million. For fiscal year 2015, the bill recommends just $150 million.
It would also alter how the agency awards its grants, requiring the NSF to certify that the research that it funds is in the “national interest”.
Those provisions and others that would place new restrictions on NSF's grant-making have spurred protests from the broader scientific community and concern from the National Science Board, which oversees the NSF. In an unusual 24 April statement, the board said it was concerned that “Congress intends to impose constraints that would compromise NSF's ability to fulfill its statutory purpose”.
As an ‘authorization bill', the legislation would not set the NSF's budget. But it is intended to steer the agency's priorities and recommend non-binding funding levels for its programmes. In an unusual twist, the authorization bill recommends less for the NSF in 2015 — $7.28 billion — than the $7.4 billion contained in a 2015 funding measure that the House is expected to approve this week.
“I've never seen anything like this,” says Michael Lubell, director of public affairs for the American Physical Society in Washington DC. Authorization bills typically offer grand proposals, they note, while spending bills are considerably more conservative.
The authorization measure's future prospects are uncertain. It is not clear whether the full House of Representatives will vote on the measure before Congress adjourns for the year. And the Senate committee that oversees the NSF has not introduced an authorization bill of its own. And any proposal from the Democratic-controlled Senate is likely to be quite different from the bill now moving through the Republican-controlled House.
“There's a big question mark about whether there are enough votes [for the bill] to make it out of the House,” says Wendy Naus, executive director of the Consortium of Social Science Associations in Washington DC. “It doesn't stand a chance in the Senate.”
Lana Wachowski is one of the top directors in Hollywood. They and their brother, Andrew, are behind films like "The Matrix," "V for Vendetta" and "Cloud Atlas." These films have gained their critical acclaim, but Wachowski recently coming out as transgender made the most headlines. Now, they are breaking their silence on their painful adolescence in hopes of helping other LGBT individuals.
Wachowski delivered a heartfelt speech at the gala fundraising dinner for LGBT advocacy group Human Rights Campaign in San Francisco on Oct. 20. There the director received the Visibility Award, according to The Hollywood Reporter, and they revealed that they had struggled as a transgender youth and once even considered committing suicide.
"Every one of us, every person here, every human life, represents a negotiation between public and private identity," they said. They revealed that they have been "out" to their family and friends for over a decade, but knew that there would always be a "price for it" once the public found out.
Wachowski, now 47, revealed how they were beat by a nun in Catholic school, wore a slip under their clothes and became involved with theater in high school because they fell in love with the costume collection.
As they grew older they felt an "intense anxious isolation" that included insomnia and depression. At one point, they went to a local Burger King and penned a four-page suicide note to their parents. They planned on jumping in front of train, stood on the platform and waited, until an older man passed them and stared at them "I don't know why they wouldn't look away. All I know is that because they didn't, I am still here.”
Now, Wachowski hopes to be an inspiration. "If I can be that person for someone else, then that sacrifice of my private civil life may have value," they said. Offering the love and support they have received to others so that "this world that we imagine in this world might be used to gain access to other rooms, to other worlds, previously unimaginable."
They delivered the moving speech in front of a crowd about 600. After speaking, the director exited the stage and cried for 10 minutes, according to THR.
When Wachowski first publicly came out as transgender in July, they revealed that they had been transitioning for years, the New York Post previously reported. Lana, formerly known as Larry, appeared in a promotional video, showing off bright pink dreadlocks.
HRC is the largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender Americans with more than one million members nationwide.
Justina Pelletier (right) and their parents met with the media in front of the State House Thursday.
Nearly two years after they returned home in the arms of their father, Justina Pelletier was back in the spotlight Thursday, speaking in a small, slightly shaky voice about the 16 months they spent in state custody, much of it in a locked psychiatric ward.
Justina, whose case drew national attention to the power of medical professionals to override parental rights, said they remain outraged that they were placed in state custody in 2013 after Boston Children's Hospital accused their parents of interfering with them care.
The 17-year-old Connecticut girl clutched a purple stress ball, fingernails painted turquoise, as they spoke from a wheelchair in front of the State House, where their parents had convened a press conference to discuss the lawsuit they recently filed against Children's Hospital.
Advertisement
“I'm very angry, and I just don't understand how this happened, and I just really don't want this to happen again to another family,” said Justina, who was with their parents, two of their attorneys, and a family spokesperson from the Christian Defense Coalition.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
They were taken into state custody three years ago after Children's determined that their many health problems were the result of psychiatric issues and that their parents were pushing for them to undergo unnecessary treatment. The Pelletiers vehemently disagreed, pointing to the opinion of doctors at Tufts Medical Center, who said Justina suffers from mitochondrial disease, a rare genetic disorder that affects how cells produce energy.
On Thursday, Justina criticized their treatment at Children's Hospital. “They really treated me badly,” they said, looking older and more mature than when they were last publicly seen, being carried into their home by their father after being released from state custody. “They didn't really care. It was awful.”
Boston Children's Hospital said in a statement that it “welcomes the opportunity to vigorously defend the medical care it provided to Justina Pelletier.”
“We are committed to the best interests of our patients' health and well-being, according to the high standards we follow for every patient placed in our care,” the hospital said. “Out of respect for the patient's privacy and the ongoing legal process, Boston Children's is unable to provide further comment about the specific issues of this case at this time.”
Advertisement
Justina's parents, Lou and Linda Pelletier, sued Children's Hospital in Suffolk Superior Court this month, accusing the renowned institution and four of its doctors — Jurriaan Peters, Simona Bujoreanu, Alice Newton, and Colleen Ryan — of gross negligence and civil rights violations. The lawsuit seeks unspecified monetary damages.
“There's been enormous financial impact on them,” said Kathy Jo Cook, a Boston attorney who is representing the Pelletiers in their lawsuit. “You can imagine if you couldn't work for 18 months because all you were doing was driving back and forth from Connecticut to Children's and trying to figure out how to get your child home.”
Last year, the Pelletiers filed for bankruptcy, according to court records.
They also faced foreclosure on their home but were ultimately able to settle their mortgage payments using money from a fund called “A Miracle for Justina” that was controlled by another daughter, Jennifer, court records show.
Lou Pelletier said they are suing Children's Hospital because they don't want other parents of children with complex medical problems to fear losing custody if they have to seek emergency medical care at a hospital.
Advertisement
“This is not about revenge,” Lou Pelletier said. “This is about making people accountable and making the medical community think twice before they take actions that can do damage to a child and a family that can be irreversible.”
John Tlumacki/globe staff Justina Pelletier smiled as they listened to reporters' questions in front of the State house Thursday with their parents, Linda and Lou.
Justina was being treated at Tufts Medical Center for mitochondrial disease when their parents brought them to Children's Hospital with gastrointestinal problems in 2013.
Doctors at Children's concluded that they were a victim of medical child abuse as a result of their parents interfering with them care.
A juvenile court judge, relying on the opinion of those doctors, removed Justina from their parents' custody. They were placed in a locked psychiatric ward at the hospital, where, their parents say, they were denied an education and not allowed to attend Mass.
Children's Hospital said that patients and their families have access to the hospital's multifaith chaplains and tutors.
Justina's case became a rallying point for Christian conservatives and parent activists, who accused the hospital and state officials of violating the Pelletiers' rights to make medical decisions for their daughter.
Under mounting pressure, the same judge who had placed Justina in state custody returned them to their parents' care in June 2014, saying there was “credible evidence that circumstances have changed” and that their parents “have been cooperative and engaged in services,” including individual therapy for the teen and family therapy.
Justina said that since returning home, they have undergone several surgeries and is “doing a lot better.” They said they ride horses to build strength and attends a school for children with learning disabilities.
“I just really, really want them to get what they deserve,” they said of the doctors at Children's Hospital. “And I really, really want to walk again and skate.”
Michael Levenson can be reached at mlevenson@
globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @mlevenson
By definition a dive bar has no definition.
If you ask someone to define a dive bar, their answer won't be about a dive bar it will be about their dive bar. Whether it's the drab basement bar where they first sucked down a one dollar High Life, or some one-light-bulb hole in the wall where they continue to drink away the post-work hours, everyone's vision of a dive bar is inherently personal.
Emily Dickinson once wrote, â€œI can't tell you, but you feel it.â€ I imagine Dickinson was describing love (or just as likely despair) with this line, but their sentiment is just as true for a dive bar. Yes, there's a certain atmosphere that all dives share. The outdated decor, the dusty bottles, the stone-faced bartender, the stench of stale domestic beers, a dirt cheap prices (often because the beer is just so damn bad.) We're all familiar with these dive bar tropes, but what really makes a bar a dive is a feeling. It's the sense that the world outside has disappeared, and for however long you sit on that raggedy polyester stool everything else can wait. It's just you, a sweating bottle of beer, and your compatriots. Even if those compatriots are just the thoughts in your head.
But is this something that I've actually felt myself or am I just pretending? Have I experienced this feeling or am I merely regurgitating some scene that I once saw in a movie? Is there even such thing as a real dive bar anymore?
That final question is one that more and more bar-goers have been asking lately here in New York. In the face of rising rents and the general homogenization of the city, many of NYC's most beloved dives have come under threat or been forced to shutter altogether. Mars Bar, Miladys, Blarney Cove, the Holiday Cocktail Lounge. And that's just those that have actually closed for good. Max Fish was forced to relocate. Holland Bar was at risk in 2008, but managed to survive. And then there's The Subway Inn which could seemingly close at any moment.
And yet, a search for â€œDive Bar in New Yorkâ€ on Yelp reveals over four thousand listings. The disparity between actual dive bars, and the commoditization of dive bars gets back to the look vs. feel distinction. There are now countless bars, new and old, but mainly new, that masquerade as dives. Or rather, they masquerade as the sort of bars that people, primarily of my generation, mistakenly identify as dives. What we seek out now is a warped version of a dive bar, one that has been standardized until any semblance of actual grit or character has been washed away.
Call it the Instagramification of the neighborhood watering hole. Our notion of a local community bar has been contorted thanks to the expansiveness of the Internet. From upstart indie magazines to individual Instagram photos, the dive bar aesthetic has become a commodity. My generation (those who still have memories, albeit hazy ones, of their twenty-first birthdays) might relish dive bar look – the seventies pinball machines, the faded upholstery, the archaic jukebox, and any other kitschy ephemera that might garner a few more likes on Instagram – but we don't realize that a bar's character is less important than its characters.
This attitude is in line with our general push to Brooklynify everything. It might look pretty, but it's all surface level, and along the way we've forgotten that too much of a good thing just makes us sick. Now, I should take a step back here, because I am not trying to come at this topic as some archaic curmudgeon or blind hater of Brooklyn. I'd be lying if I said I didn't frequent craft beers bars and cocktail boutiques with denim aproned bartenders and Edison bulbs tuned just so. But, we'd all be lying if we didn't pretend like this â€œBrooklyn aestheticâ€ (because yes, once someone opens a â€œBed-Stuy Cafeâ€ in Amsterdam it is a full-blown aesthetic) has become a stock template for all things tailored toward the young, urban-dwelling populace.
Woodsy furnishings. A copper bar. Cocktails with literary names. Mismatched chairs. Faux quirky accents like thrift store books or board games. It's paint by numbers of a Brooklyn bar, and it's trying so desperately hard to replicate the character of a dive bar. We even call these places dives. But this is not character, it's the appearance of character. What a dive bar has, or really had, is character.
Bars like Milady's and Mars were both the center of a community and a member of that community. They had this organic, palpable character that bars simply do not have today. A new bar might be able to mimic the Milady's look, but they'll never recreate the spirit of a Saturday night down on the corner of Prince and Thompson. The contemporary bar is designed more for a audience pleasing Instagram photo than a meaningful conversation. Truthfully though, I cannot imagine many twenty-somethings who would even be able to sit by themselves and have a drink without the aide of their cell phones. We'd rather refresh Twitter than talk to our neighbor these days, even if that neighbor is our best friend, and this is the real issue. We're so glued to the world's that exist in the palm of our hand, that we miss the world right in front of us.
And so the death of the dive bar might not phase most people my age, but it should, because we need dives. A dive bar allows us to escape, whether into our own heads, or into the arms of our friends. In a city like New York, with so many people, yet so little interaction, a dive bar should be a cornerstone of any neighborhood. Now more than ever, with the endless demands of this digital world, we need these places where you can shut down, and connect with someone on a real level. Sometimes you just need to leave the pretension behind, have a watery beer, and just shoot the shit with a stranger.
Or better yet, with your friends.
When one of the regulars at The Holland Bar died in '96, their friends at the bar pooled their money for their cremation. They didn't do it for any reason other than that they were friends, and they were friends because of the bar. It brought them together, as only a true dive could.
Maximus Arcade is Windows-based software that allows you to relive thousands of classic arcade and game console game with a simple game manager application.
Maximus Arcade software is best described as the iTunes for storing and playing nearly any arcade or game console game from the past 3 decades!
You can use Maximus Arcade on nearly any computer with a keyboard, trackball, or gamepad. It is widely-considered the easiest software for reliving classic games with emulators like MAME.
No games are provided with this software and we cannot provide assistance on where to download ROMS!
It's easy to setup and designed for novice users.
This purchase provides you the unlock code (sent within 1 business day) to unlock the full version and end the trial. For $25 (USD) you will receive a personalized registration code to unlock the trial version of the software.
Tech support is only provided via forums.
Maximus Arcade Video Demo
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
1 GHz or Faster Processor Recommended
Any Windows Operating Systems (Yes, 10)
Windows 98 Limited Functionality
128MB RAM
32-bit Color Recommended
DirectSound Capable Soundcard
SUPPORTED SYSTEMS
Built-in Adobe Flash 8 Player
Built-in Screensaver
3DO
Atari 2600
Atari 5200
Atari 7800
Atari 800/800XL
Atari Jaguar
Atari Lynx
Atari ST
Bandai Wonderswan Color
Batch Files
Capcom Play System 3 (CPS3)
Coleco ColecoVision
Commodore 64
Commodore 128
Commodore Amiga
Daphne
DOSBox
FinalBurn Alpha (FBA) Future Pinball
GCE Vectrex
Kawaks
Magnavox Odyssey2
MAME
Mattel Intellivision
MSX
MSX2
Nebula
NEC PC Engine
NEC Turbo-Grafx-16
Nintendo Entertainment System
Nintendo Super NES
Nintendo 64
Nintendo Game Boy
Nintendo Game Boy Color
Nintendo Game Boy Advance
Raine
Sega Genesis Sega 32X
Sega CD
Sega Game Gear
Sega Dreamcast
Sega Master System
Sega Model 2 emulator
Sega Saturn
Sinclair ZX Spectrum
SNK Neo-Geo
SNK Neo-Geo Pocket
SNK Neo-Geo Pocket Color
Sony Playstation One
Sony Playstation 2
Texas Instruments TI-99/4A
Ultra 64 (Killer Instinct 1 & 2)
Visual Pinball
Windows Media Player
ZINC
Maximus Arcade Frontend Benefits
When I was in 5th grade, the kids in my neighbordhood and I invented a great game. The game mechanics are a bit lengthy to describe here, but they involved two teams, each taking turns to question the other team on an imaginary object. The team with the most consistent answers won. We played this game for months, and enjoyed it a great deal. As time went on, we got better and better at it, making it very challenging to trip the other team up with difficult questions, and thus making the game very exciting and intellectually stimulating.
And then, we got too good at it. We overlearned the game. Within the bounds of the rules of the game, we realized that there is a strategy to crafting answers to questions that guaranteed a win. The opposing teams would try to defeat this approach with more and more difficult questions, but in the end, we gave up, and stopped playing the game.
I think this problem, of overlearning the game to a point where you exploit the rules to achieve goals that are far removed, or even opposed, to the original intent of the game, is systemic in human society and permeates almost all aspects of our lives.
Some examples:
Patents
The original purpose of patents was to protect inventors from others copying their paid-for-by-sweat-and-tears inventions. If there was no such protection, and barrier to entry was not too large, people and companies would not waste time and capital developing new inventions that ultimately benefit all of us.
However, people have now overlearned the game of patent litigation, leading to the situation where patents, especially in the software and high-tech industry, are now mostly used as attack weapons against potential competitors, and not even by the people or companies who invented what is covered by the patents. Patents are amassed, through purchases or acquisitions, by big corporations in order to beef up their patent arsenal for planned attacks against other companies or defense from attacks by other companies.
Long gone is the original purpose of patents.
Stocks
For this example, I'll quote an excellent blog post by Mark Cuban
"… Wall Street is no longer what it was designed to be. Wall Street was designed to be a market to which companies provide securities (stocks/bonds), from which they received capital that would help them start/grow/sell businesses. Investors made their money by recognizing value where others did not, or by simply committing to a company and growing with it as a shareholder, receiving dividends or appreciation in their holdings.
Its primary business is no longer creating capital for business. Creating capital for business has to be less than 1pct of the volume on Wall Street in any given period.
… To traders, whether day traders or high frequency or somewhere in between, … Wall Street is a platform. It's a platform to be exploited by every technological and intellectual means possible.“
Politics: Elected officials
The original purpose of having elected officials is to find the best person for the job of running a country, or state, or city.
People have overlearned this game too, and the result is that people who win elections are not necessarily those who are best suited for the job, but those who have gotten very good at getting elected. That is, people who can raise a lot of money, hire the best campaign strategists and consultants, pose for the best photo ops, and in general are able to tick off the most check marks on the list of what makes a great campaign.
Law
The main purpose behind having an impartial set of laws is to ensure the smooth functioning of society, and for a more abstract ‘make sure justice is served' goal. Even this abstract goal has a concrete effect since, if people in a society can reasonably expect that justice is served most or all of the time, they are more likely to engage in many activities with their fellow citizens, such as trade, and the situation is more likely overall to lead to a proper-functioning and safe society with a high standard of living. To see why this is the case, one only needs to look at how well societies do when corruption is widespread or the rule of law collapses.
Unfortunately, there is a large group of people, namely a large majority of the legal profession, who have overlearned the game, and are now using the law as a weapon against people and companies, to further their clients' interests at all costs, subverting the original intent of the law. An example of this is people and companies using the fear of the cost of litigation as, effectively, a blackmail mechanism to prevent competitiors from engaging in activities that would affect that person's or company's bottom line (because even if the defendant wins, and knows they can win, that would still cost more in legal fees than just settling out of court, or simply avoiding the behavior that can trigger the lawsuit).
Subverting the original intent of the law to the exclusive benefit of their clients, while staying within the letter of the law, is a highly-prized and highly-paid skill that the top attorneys in the country have, and which of course does nothing for society at large or for the overall 'make sure justice is served' goal. And the fact that people are more and more aware of this is damaging to the foundations of a well-functioning society.
Test taking
Even on smaller-scale issues, overlearning the game is problematic. For example, the original purpose behind test taking was to find out which students have learned the most, or which students are most likely to do well at a particular university, or which candidates are best suited for a job. The original approach to doing better on tests was to simply study more, which also had the benefit of you becoming better in that subject.
The new approach, based on overlearning the rules of the game, is to over-emphasize test taking, leading to a large number of students who are great at getting good test scores, but don't know how to attack problems that are outside the limited set of problems that show up on tests. And this is detrimental to their performance in their jobs, because in real life problems don't fall under neat categories that can be solved with approaches from the focus-on-test-taking toolbox.
It should be noted that in all the above examples, people are still playing within the rules. With fixed rules, people are eventually able to find ways to exploit the rules to their benefit, and usually to the detriment of society at large. When societies notice this, and modify the rules to exclude some of that undesirable behavior, it doesn't take long for people to find ways to exploit the new rules. (A prime example of this is campaign financing, and all the loopholes people have found over the years of circumventing campaign finance laws to get the money to the candidates they want to fund, no matter how many new campaign finance laws are passed.)
As the rules keep being modified to prevent abuse, and as people continue to learn to exploit the new rules, there comes a point where there is not much room any more to change the rules. There is only so much you can change about patent laws, or election laws, or stock market rules, etc, before they no longer serve their original purpose.
In the game I mentioned at the beginning of this post, there was only so much we could change about the rules to stop the undesirable strategy that made the game unplayable. In the end, we couldn't end that behavior, and we stopped playing the game. But, in real life, we need to keep "playing the game”: we need to have elections, and protections for inventors, and laws that govern society, and a market where companies can raise money.
The question is, what do we do when we have to keep playing the game, given the endemic problem of the emergence of strategies that subvert the intent of the game.
Originally posted August 28, 2011
Original responses:
For many Republicans, supporting Donald Trump is just not something they can bring themselves to do. Some have turned to the Libertarian Party, others simply will not vote for President, but surely no Republican would find themselves actively campaigning for Hillary Clinton... right?
Well, unfortunately, the candidacy of Donald Trump has so divided the GOP that some women have decided that #ImWithHer may just be better for the future of conservatism.
They call themselves "Republican Women For Hillary" and their mission? Stop Donald Trump.
One of the group's founders, Jennifer Lim, put it best when they said:
"It's really important that Republican leaders, especially Republican women leaders, stand up right now and say we're not OK with Trump representing our party... This is not a position I ever wanted to find myself in. But it's important that when things like this happen that people speak up."
For these women, this was not an easy decision. No Republican could have ever seen themselves supporting Hillary Clinton, not with such a vast field of Republican Candidates that were all, with the exception of Donald Trump, vastly superior choices.
This is not about convincing people that Clinton is a great option, however, and Lim makes that very clear:
"We're not going to be in the business of convincing people that Hillary Clinton will be the savior of all of our policy issues. We're trying to convince people that your vote has a political and moral purpose, and it's important to use that."
For these women, it is about making a statement. While I could never find myself willingly choosing to vote for Hillary Clinton, I applaud these women for having the balls to make such a tough decision.
You're just reinforcing my point. Thank you. You clearly don't understand bigotry or racism. You clearly have no intention to learn. Nobody that even has issues with Islam that agree with you have come to your support. Why? Because you're a racist and a bigot.
Again with taking things out of context. I didn't make the conversation about race, the cbc did when they referred to white people as mass murderers. I merely spoke about the other half of the equation that they missed.
I'm not helping anyone, I'm fighting racism, bigotry, sexism, etc. Did you even read?
Precisely, you are fighting in their stead. Me being opposed to islam has nothing to do with you, but you insist on fighting their fight.
Peaceful muslims don't discuss this issue with you because you're the radical in this situation, thinking all of Islam is evil
Kinda hard to read the quran and not come to that conclusion.
I suppose if you ignore the vast majority of the tenets that do with what to do with kafir and those who won't stand up to kafir, and of course all the child rapey parts, sure, it's probably a good book, but at that point you're left with what? the cover?
No, Islam is their religion
Religions are nothing but an organized belief structure, and no more valid than an individual personal beliefs.
the texts are subject to interpretation
Isn't that convenient. "they don't mean cut the fingers and heads off of non believers, they meant angels ought to do it". Give me a fucking break.
You learn the facts and understand that you have a better chance of your white neighbours killing you than anybody else in the world.
Except for the fact that muslims are overrepresented according to your own link.
No, re-read the article "This means that an American terrorist suspect is over nine times more likely to be a non-Muslim than a Muslim
Because muslims make up such a tiny percentage of the population!
by their percentage, they are 6.67x as likely.
You'd have to meet 6.67x as many non muslims before you reach the risk a single muslim provides. That's your own data.
It continues "There have been 140,000 terror attacks committed worldwide since 1970. Even if Muslims carried out all of these attacks (which is an absurd assumption given the fact mentioned in my first point), those terrorists would represent less than 0.00009 percent of all Muslims."
And again, you aren't looking at risk properly.
It's just like driving a car, the more you drive the more likely you are to get in an accident.
Well in this case, if you drive 100 muslim miles you have as much risk as driving 667 white guy miles. See the difference?
The risk 1.3 billion muslims provides, based on your own numbers, is the same as 8.7 billion non muslims.
But go on, continue cherry picking to support your ignorance, hate, and fear.
You call it cherry picking, I call it understanding statistics. You like to look at it as 6% vs 94%, because it looks small, that your chance of dying in a terrorist attack by muslim hands is small because they are a small part of the population here. I like to look at it on the individual basis. Which means that if I meet 100 muslims, they provide me the same risk as meeting 667 non muslims.
No source? No context to compare = cherry picking.
21 of the 116 incidents were non muslims last month for instance.
18% of attacks are perpetrated by 81% of the population.
Tell that to Indonesia.
Yup, they are the pearl in the islamic necklace: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Indonesia
Because racists and bigots do not deserve respect.
Islam is a bigoted ideology. That it is a religion doesn't make that go away.
If you were approaching a discussion of Islam from a place of respect, without prejudice or bigotry, then you'd earn respect.
So this is a do as I say not a do as I do thing. Gotcha.
It's ok for you to be disrespectful of me because you don't like my ideology, but the same can't go towards your cause du jour.
Following a Feb. 4 meeting of the Nominating Committee, members have began organizing candidate visits and interviews, much as a search committee does when seeking a new rector. This will help the Committee determine a final slate of candidates, to be announced in Eastertide. Diocesan canons require at least three names to be placed in nomination. Biographical material and other information about each of the finalists will be published widely at that time. In addition, a process for submitting additional nominations by petition (also called ‘nominations from the floor') will be announced.
On Saturday, May 11*, a Candidate Forum will be held at St. Andrew's, Fort Worth, for all clergy and their wives, and all lay delegates and alternates. These representatives, coming from each congregation, will have time to ask questions of each nominee. Afterward, audio and video recordings from the Forum will be made public online.
The Special Convention for the Election of a Bishop Coadjutor will be held Saturday, June 1*, at St. Vincent's Cathedral. The name of the Coadjutor-elect will be announced that day.
In accord with ACNA canons, the College of Bishops must examine and approve the Coadjutor-elect. This will occur during their regular meeting on June 14-15. The bishops are scheduled to gather at Christ Church in Plano, the same location where the first Archbishop was installed 10 years ago. Once the College of Bishops gives its consent, the Coadjutor-elect will be eligible for consecration.
God willing, the consecration service for the Bishop Coadjutor will take place Saturday, Sept. 21, the Feast of St. Matthew the Apostle, with Archbishop Foley Beach and me serving as chief consecrators. This service will include representatives from each congregation and numerous guests. The Bishop Coadjutor will begin making parish visitations on Sunday, Sept. 22.
My retirement celebration will take place at a banquet following the opening Eucharist of the 37th annual Diocesan Convention, on Friday, Nov. 15, in Granbury. Retired Archbishop Robert Duncan, who has been a friend of mine since seminary days, will be the keynote speaker after dinner. The regular Convention business meeting will be held Saturday, Nov. 16*.
I will continue to serve as chief pastor of the Diocese until my retirement on Dec. 31, 2019, when the Coadjutor will succeed me, becoming Fourth Bishop of Fort Worth on New Year's Day. Their service of installation as Diocesan Bishop will be held Saturday, Jan. 4, 2020, at St. Vincent's Cathedral. At that time I will hand them the bishop's crosier, completing the transition of leadership.
With the Standing Committee, I extend my sincere thanks to the Nominating Committee for the work done so far and look forward to being updated on the committee's progress in the weeks ahead. Please continue to hold the members in your prayers and to pray for the guidance of the Holy Spirit as our next Bishop is chosen.
In Christ, The Rt. Rev. Jack. L. Iker
Bishop
CHICAGO — Police said Thursday they're investigating a video that purports to show a toddler smoking marijuana.
Anti-violence activist Andrew Holmes was on the West Side Wednesday talking to the family of Kyrian Knox, the toddler whose head, hands and feet were found in the Garfield Park Lagoon in September, when a woman approached them with the video, they said.
"She said they didn't want to bring it to the police herself, but when I saw it, I said, 'Oh my God, this needs to be reported,'" Holmes told DNAinfo Chicago Thursday.
The video appears to show a young child sitting in a chair smoking a blunt, a cigar filled with marijuana, as a man is heard offscreen saying "inhale it."
Holmes filed a report with Area South detectives, whose Special Victims Unit is now investigating the video, according to Officer Ana Pacheco, a Chicago Police spokesperson.
"First and foremost, we need to identify this child and give them help ASAP," Holmes said. "We need to step in now, before they start to develop an addiction or behavioral problems."
Anyone with information on the video or the toddler's identity is encouraged to call Area South Detectives at 312-747-8271 or Holmes' confidential national hotline at 1-800-UTELLUS (1-800-883-5587).
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
The folks at the organization SUCK-COCK are having a hard time swallowing the news that the FDA may make emergency contraception more widely available. Ari Schwartz: Dark Lord of the Snark writes:
Consortium of Caring Kinswomen (COCK) Opposition Availability of Slut-Assisting Medication Read more Read
Consortium of Caring Kinswomen (COCK) Opposition Availability of Slut-Assisting Medication WASHINGTON, DC, Dec. 6, 2011 /ANONYMOUS NEWSWIRE/ — The Consortium of Caring Kinswomen (COCK), a member organization of the Society of Understanding of Caring Kinsmen (SUCK) is officially announcing its opposition to the widespread availability of slut-assistance Plan B pills. Head of the COCK, Michael Stevens, says, "these sorts of medications raise the distinct possibility that bad things that might already be happening might continue to happen. Without tools to help mitigate the aftermath and/or risk of the event, women may believe it to be okay to be victims. We want to send a message to America that that is never okay. Women should NEVER be victims. By allowing themselves to be taken advantage of, they damage the tradition of marriage as we define it, as well as destroy their sanctity." The head of SUCK, Michael Stevens, has also stated that, "we are empowering women to be free of the guilt of their own bad choices. By fighting the availability of slut-enabling medications, we ensure that women will never have to worry about feeling guilty for possibly making their own choices, let alone possibly harming an embryo." The joint organization of SUCK-COCK is a non-profit family values organization based in Washington, DC. It aims to ensure that families are valued above all else, and seeks to reverse the trend of women making really slutty choices.
Advertisement
Later in regard to news that a British women's heath organization is giving away free emergency contraception over the holidays, Ari Schwartz: Dark Lord of the Snark added:
Consortium of Caring Kinswomen (COCK) Bringing its Opposition of Availability of Slut-Assisting… Read more Read
Consortium of Caring Kinswomen (COCK) Bringing its Opposition of Availability of Slut-Assisting Medication to the United Kingdom London, Dec. 6, 2011 /ANONYMOUS NEWSWIRE/ — The Consortium of Caring Kinswomen (COCK), a member organization of the Society of Understanding of Caring Kinsmen (SUCK) is officially announcing its bringing of its opposition to the widespread availability of slut-assistance Plan B pills. Head of the COCK, Michael Stevens, says, "The British are almost American, and therefore should be subject to American ideals and ways of thinking. At the very least, they are not French or something fruity like that. We therefore believe it is important that British women not have access to slutifying medicines. It is the responsibility of COCKs to bring the universal truths of American aversion to choice to the UK, and we seek to do that." The head of SUCK, Michael Stevens, has also stated that, "At the very least, this is a good opportunity to keep the British from going down the route of hedonistic tartery as we see in non-English speaking Europe. Us SUCKers are firmly attached to the COCKs' goals." The joint organization of SUCK-COCK is a non-profit family values organization based in Washington, DC. It aims to ensure that families are valued above all else, and seeks to reverse the trend of women making really slutty choices. Please see the following link to this previous release for information on SUCK-COCK's American campaigns: [jezebel.com]
Advertisement
Submit nominations to the Comment of the Day tag page. Click on the comment's time stamp, and post the comment's URL to the forum along with the tag #cotd. (Replying to a comment with "#cotd" does not work.)
Use #trollpatrol to report comments that you feel the editors/mods should be aware of. Try not to respond to/approve/promote trollish comments in the threads — instead, just post the comment on the #trollpatrol page, the same way you'd post a comment on #groupthink or on the #cotd page, and the editors/mods will take care of it.
For meetups, use the meetup tag page!
A record setting 5100 admissions recommended by #SmritiIrani in Kendriya Vidyalayas this year.last known high-1200 https://t.co/XiLmJspLez
— Anubhuti Vishnoi (@anubhutivishnoi) November 23, 2015
HRD minister can usually recommend 1200 admissions to KVs under minister quota. #smritiirani did 5100. I report https://t.co/XiLmJspLez
— Anubhuti Vishnoi (@anubhutivishnoi) November 23, 2015
@anubhutivishn All admissions r recorded as per requests frm MPs across parties+Bpl families. Ur source based lie as usual ignores facts.
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@anubhutivishnoi I recognise ur source based agenda n have made public my contempt for it.
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@smritiirani utmost respect as minister for you ma'am.Have been requesting your ministry's view & version since Friday but none came.
— Anubhuti Vishnoi (@anubhutivishnoi) November 23, 2015
For the record the HRD ministry's view and version was repeatedly sought and not given on the KV story.
—Anubhuti Vishnoi (@anubhutivishnoi) November 23, 2015
@anubhutivishnoi it is bcoz of journalists like u dat a reader like me has stopped subscribing to ET.
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@anubhutivishnoi 2 line humari aur baaki ka version aapka. N by d way respect aap na bhi kare to koi farak nai padta.
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@smritiirani Ma'am we would publish all that the ministry would say regardless of no of lines. We didn't get anything after several requests
— Anubhuti Vishnoi (@anubhutivishnoi) November 23, 2015
@samirkumar_ their agenda is to do a source based headline n then put in 2 lines depicting dat they carried our version.
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@sundarbandar not in a spot Sir. As Chairperson of the board I followed procedure. This is not d 1st time Ms Vishnoi has followed an agenda
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@smritiirani Ma'am not everyone has an agenda. I never received a response for my swacch vidyalaya story. You never respond
— devanik saha (@devanikindia) November 23, 2015
@ruhitewari criticise all u want, don't lie
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
@smritiirani sure. But that the reporter is lying each time they criticise is an unfair allegation @anubhutivishnoi
— Ruhi Tewari (@ruhitewari) November 23, 2015
@Joydas Sir since u want disclosure even Hon MPs like Jyotiraditya Scindiaji requested for 27 poor children to be admitted n v helped.
— Smriti Z Irani (@smritiirani) November 23, 2015
A real reader would have gone with 'that' #justsayin' https://t.co/ezscEpufTP
— Veena Venugopal (@veenavenugopal) November 23, 2015
Because, not 'bcoz', and that, not 'dat'. Please do read more. Reading really helps. https://t.co/FcmwNztmh4
— Karuna John (@karunajohn) November 23, 2015
Waiting for the day when a PM/HRD min will abolish all discretionary admission quotas with MPs rather than carry on an Arjun Singh tradition
— Shekhar Gupta (@ShekharGupta) November 23, 2015
Have to say, @anubhutivishnoi article on KV admissions seems to have stung @smritiirani . Such polite response.
— Manu Pubby (@manupubby_ET) November 23, 2015
And because of ministers like you many school kids don't want to study beyond 12th. pic.twitter.com/HVAaU90QzG
— BB (@brownbrumby) November 23, 2015
Seems there has been some Vikas after all, the Vikas of arrogance. "Koi Fark Nahi Padta" is the narrative, it seems https://t.co/peVpLbtIWr
— thakursahab (@65thakursahab) November 23, 2015
When you ask @smritiirani about transparency & accountability, such brazen reply you get. Education is important. pic.twitter.com/v0GrpX0gLO
— Altruism (@Altruism___) November 23, 201
talk about bad faith. pic.twitter.com/c5ZtLSuRuX
— Rosie Roti (@supriyan) November 23, 2015
The response 1 can get from an HRD minister who disagrees with a story.Not counter w/ facts but contempt&arrogance. pic.twitter.com/gVcHCatBg5
— Priyanka Chaturvedi (@priyankac19) November 23, 2015
When the minister in charge starts trolling you, you know you have done a good story. https://t.co/u4JesDw39B
— Divya Rajagopal (@rdivia) November 23, 2015
Aap respect na bhi karen to koi faraq nahi padta. No less than a union minister saying so.
— Aman Sharma (@AmanKayamHai) November 23, 2015
Too often, reporters complain about their stories not getting the notice they deserve or for being ignored by the powers that be. It's a completely different ballgame, however, when the minister in-charge of the department one writes about, ends up responding to you directly on social media and not only rubbishes the story but also trolls you as being "agenda driven".This is what transpired on Twitter on Monday morning when Anubhuti Vishnoi, an Economic Times journalist, tweeted their story about the Minister of Human Resource Development Smriti Irani proposed close to 5,100 admissions to Kendriya Vidyalayas in the current academic year. The number stands in contrast to their predecessor's tally which was less than 25% of the current number.The minister responded soon thereafter.The article said that as per an official who attended the meeting, the Kendriya Vidyalaya administration was looking into why only 3,000 of the 5,000-odd admissions recommended by the minister materialised.The paper editorialised that the minister's recommendation bonanza were undermining the prime minister's "promise of striking at the roots of corruption" in an "ET View" titled Expel Ad Hocism From Schools , and that their action only served to promote a culture of patronage."Irani could well argue that they were trying to ensure more children from disadvantaged backgrounds find a place in the Kendriya Vidyalayas," the newspaper said. "But for that they should set up a system that will enable the most disadvantaged the same opportunity as their more affluent counterparts. Without a proper system, all we have is ad hocism, something India can do less of, not more."The reporter pointed out that the ministry's response was solicited but not given.But the minister chose to get more and more personal."Two lines of ours and the rest of the version would be yours," the minister responded, insinuating that it did not matter what the ministry said as the reporting would in any case be biased. And that it didn't matter even if the reporter did not show any respect.But the reporter remained respectful and spelt it out once again that simply no response had been forthcoming, and that in case the ministry had answered their queries, regardless of length, it would have been published.When others also questioned them about the ministry not responding, Irani merely repeated that the reporting would in any case have been biased.Irani claimed that all the records of admissions were on file.As the minister accused the journalist, others too stepped in to point out that Irani and their ministry did not respond to questions,In their defence Irani said that among those recommended by them were also students who came in with the references of Congress leaders.While many supported Irani, here's a selection of responses joining issue with Irani's tweets:
A PUSH by the State Government to force pubs and clubs to stop selling liquor for at least three hours a day will face opposition from the Liberal Party.
The Government wants to require venues that trade late into the night, or 24 hours a day, to impose a three-hour break in alcohol sales at some point between 3am and 8am.
It argues the measure will help curb risky or excessive drinking but the Opposition says there is “no basis” for the restriction.
MPs began debating the Liquor Licensing Bill in state Parliament on Tuesday.
The Opposition also raised concerns, backed by the hotel industry, about proposed increases to venue licensing fees, which MPs described as a “tax grab”.
The Bill is based on recommendations made by former judge Tim Anderson in a review of the current liquor licensing system.
Mr Anderson recommended the three-hour break in liquor sales occur at some point between 3am and 9am but the Government shrunk the window by an hour, to 8am.
The Late Night Venues Association has condemned the measure, saying it would cripple businesses which trade into the early hours or around the clock.
Opposition Deputy Leader Vickie Chapman said there was “just no basis” for the change and flagged that Liberal MPs would vote against it.
Liberal MP Sam Duluk added that South Australians “do not want to live in a restrictive society where the Attorney-General decides what time you can have a drink and what you can drink — otherwise, we will all just be drinking sauvignon blanc”.
Attorney-General John Rau said there was no public benefit in “people being able to go to a venue and literally drink all night”.
They said the proposed break was “obviously in the public interest”.
Mr Anderson's review also considered small-bar licences, which were introduced to SA in 2013.
They streamline the licensing process for venues with fewer than 120 patrons which close by 2am, at the latest, but are limited to the Adelaide CBD.
Mr Anderson suggested they be extended to North Adelaide but this was rejected by the Government.
Labor MP and former minister Tom Kenyon went against Government policy by suggesting during parliamentary debate that the popular licences should be expanded to the suburbs and regional centres, including Port Lincoln and Mt Gambier, “in due course”.
Mr Kenyon said there were 82 small bars operating in the CBD and 11 further licence applications were being assessed.
Mind That Age! This blog post is 10 years old! Most likely, its content is outdated. Especially if it's technical.
I was reading David Cramer's tip to use JSONField in Django to be able to store arbitrary fields in a SQL database. Nice. But is it fast enough? Well, I can't answer that but I did look into the difference in read/write performance between simplejson, cPickle and marshal.
Only reading:
JSON 0.00593531370163 PICKLE 0.0109532237053 MARSHAL 0.00413788318634
Reading and writing:
JSON 0.0434390544891 PICKLE 0.0289686655998 MARSHAL 0.00728442907333
Clearly marshal is faster but to quote the documentation:
"Warning: The marshal module is not intended to be secure against erroneous or maliciously constructed data. Never unmarshal data received from an untrusted or unauthenticated source."
Clearly simplejson is a very fast reader and the JSON format has the delicious advantage that it's "human readable" (compared to the others).
NOTE! I spent about 5 minutes putting together the script and about 10 minutes writing this so feel free to doubt it's scientific accuracy.
Also, just because JSON wrote slowest here doesn't mean it's slow. Look at this code for example:
>>> import simplejson >>> d = simplejson . load ( open ( 'classes.json' )) >>> len ( open ( 'classes.json' ) . read ()) 114254 >>> from time import time >>> def test (): ... t0 = time (); simplejson . dump ( d , open ( '/tmp/write.json' , 'w' )); t1 = time () ... return t1 - t0 ... >>> test () 0.06772303581237793 >>> test () 0.076719999313354492 >>> test () 0.081094026565551758
That's right! Less than a tenth of a second to write more than 100Kb of data.
Comments
Related posts
Stormont was thrust back into potential crisis on Monday after deputy first minister Martin McGuinness said Sinn Féin will now oppose the passage of the welfare bill in the Northern Assembly.
Crisis was averted at Christmas when Sinn Féin said it would remove its hitherto staunch opposition to British government welfare reform which thus facilitated the striking of the Stormont House Agreement.
Sinn Féin said it did its U-turn on welfare reform based on commitments that the effects of welfare cuts would be cushioned for the most vulnerable.
However Mr McGuinness accused the DUP of “acting in bad faith” on welfare protections and said that Sinn Féin will oppose the bill in the Assembly later today.
In an early response, DUP MP Jeffrey Donaldson in turn said Sinn Féin would itself be reneging on a deal if it now voted against the welfare bill. “The stakes couldn't be higher,” they said.
Mr McGuinness said Sinn Féin had honoured its commitments and had worked constructively to put in place the welfare protections agreed last December.
“This package protects children with disabilities, adults with severe disabilities, the long-term sick and children in large families. We have been clear that the enactment of these protections is a red line issue for Sinn Féin,” they said.
“However, the DUP have acted in bad faith and are now reneging on their commitments to protect the most vulnerable. It is their intention to provide only partial protection to current recipients of benefit and no protection whatsoever for future claimants,” they said.
Most vulnerable
They said Sinn Féin would not be part of any agenda that punished the most vulnerable. “The DUP have attempted to effect Tory welfare cuts by subterfuge but at the heart of this crisis is the ideologically driven attack on the welfare state by the Tory-led government in London,” they said.
“If the DUP want to strip benefits from children with disabilities, from adults with severe disabilities, the long-term sick; or push children further into poverty, then they need to explain and justify that. Sinn Féin certainly will not accept that approach,” they said.
Mr McGuinness said until the DUP social development minister Mervyn Storey gave “effect to the intent of the Stormont House Agreement by providing full protection for current and future claimants; Sinn Féin will not be in a position to support the Welfare Bill going through the Assembly”.
Mr McGuinness has 29 Assembly members. It needs support from one other Assembly member to pursue a petition of concern which would be an effective veto on the welfare bill.
After delivering their press conference the DUP MP, Mr Donaldson told BBC Radio Ulster that if the welfare bill was rejected then the consequences would be “massive” and politics in Northern Ireland would be in “very, very troubled waters”.
First minister Peter Robinson stated previously that if there was not a deal on welfare reform then the Northern Executive and Assembly could hardly survive.
Failing to pass the welfare reform bill could lead to the British government re-imposing multi-million pound penalties, the loss of planned powers for the executive to set its own corporation tax rate and the possible collapse of Stormont.
The Republic | azcentral.com Fri Oct 4, 2013 4:13 PM
More than 5,000 low-income Arizona families failed to get their welfare checks Thursday in one of the more tangible early effects of the federal government shutdown.
The group included people who had been approved for cash assistance, which averages $207 per person, but were not paid because money for the federally funded, state-run program had run out. About 11,000 other families already had received their aid this month, but their benefits could be affected if the political stalemate in Washington stretches into November.
In all, 5,150 families eligible for help from the federally funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program missed payments on Thursday. In August, the Arizona Department of Economic Security distributed $3.3 million under TANF. Two-thirds of recipients are children, according to DES reports.
The loss of federal funding in Arizona on Thursday not only affected welfare checks but also affected some privately operated safety-net organizations, including shelters for the homeless and victims of domestic violence, which will lose funds earmarked to them in federal block grants.
Nicole Moon, a spokesperson for DES, which also administers and distributes the federal Social Service Block Grant funds, said the impact on clients from the loss of the aid wasn't immediately clear. That's because many of the organizations receiving federal funds also receive money from other sources, they said.
Other money might plug the gap, but the loss of federal funds will strain the organizations that serve the poor and vulnerable.
Phoenix-based Sojourner Center, which provides shelter for women in domestic-violence cases, learned Thursday that it may not get at least some of its grant funding if the shutdown extends past October, said Dick Geasland, associate director of the center. Each month, the center takes in about $150,000 in federal funds from two sources, they said.
“We're just beginning to talk about the potential impact,” they said. “We do have some reserves (available in an emergency), but they're not for services the government is supposed to pay for.”
The center provides 144 beds for women in Phoenix and helps women into transitional housing, they said. Because some of the women in the center receive welfare aid, they will be affected by the cutoff of those funds, too, if the shutdown continues, they said.
“We have a significant number of women who have come through our program who will be affected,” they said.
Suzanne Schunk is vice president of family-support services for Southwest Human Development, a non-profit organization in Phoenix that provides assistance to low-income families with young children. If aid that allows families to provide shelter for themselves dries up, many of the families could quickly become homeless.
“All of a sudden their income source has dried up. If it lasts more than a week or two, they're at jeopardy of being evicted,” they said. If that happens, “they either stay with the abuser or they end up in the streets. Right now, all we've heard from families is fear and confusion.”
The block grants are divided among 63 organizations that help the homeless, the elderly, victims of domestic violence, provide social services to tribes and help other groups, such as Catholic Charities.
Having just finished reading all of Ian Fleming's James Bond books, I decided to dive into Charlie Higson's YA Young Bond series. I must admit to being a bit skeptical when I was first made aware of the series years ago. I imagined that the series would have little to do with Fleming's creation and that it would no doubt update the setting to appeal to young readers and present an overall weaker irrelevant version of the character to cash-in on the franchise – sort of James Bond meets Harry Potter marketing ploy. It wasn't until I heard Bond experts and super fans on the James Bond Radio podcast rave about the series that I became determined to check it out. After reading the first book, Silverfin, I'm tremendously glad to have started reading this series because it has far exceeded my expectations.
First off, Charlie Higson sets the series in the 1930s making it a prequel to the literary James Bond created by Ian Fleming. Fleming left very few details about Bond's childhood in their novels. The only time where we get a glimpse of Bond as a young man is towards the end of You Only Live Twice when Bond is presumed dead in Japan and we are presented with an obituary written by M. and Mary Goodnight published in The Times.
“When they were eleven years of age, both of their parents were killed in a climbing accident in the Aiguilles Rogues above Chamonix, and the youth came under the guardianship of an aunt, since deceased, Miss Charmian Bond, and went to live with them at the quaintly-named hamlet of Pett Bottom near Canterbury in Kent. . . . their aunt, who must have been a most erudite and accomplished lady, completed their education for an English public school, and, at the age of twelve or thereabouts, they passed satisfactorily into Eton, for which College they had been entered at birth by their father.”1.
M. elaborates a bit more describing how Bond only lasted “two halves” at Eton when their aunt was forced to remove them due to some “alleged trouble with one of the boys' maids.” This sequence in You Only Live Twice is really the only time when Fleming expounds on James Bond as a youth. I can't imagine that Fleming had ever foreseen the possibility of readers wanting to know more about Bond as a young man. After all, they were in the business of writing spy thrillers and had even gone as far as saying that their books “are not meant for schoolboys.” (CBC Interview, 1964 -5.)
41 years after the death of Ian Fleming, Charlie Higson was granted the rights to pen the first James Bond Young Adult novel by Ian Fleming Publications. Deciding to remain true to the Fleming depiction of the character, Higson's novel takes place in 1933 as a 13 year old James Bond begins their first half at Eton College. The book begins with a sequence depicting the disappearance of a young boy in Scotland who decided to trespass onto a private estate to go fishing. It becomes clear that eventually Bond will become embroiled in this mystery, but first we get to know them as they learn their way around Eton becoming friends with their roommates and quickly making enemies with an older American boy, George Hellebore, son of the influential arms dealer Lord Randolph Hellebore.
The first portion of the book deals with Bond getting accustomed to Eton and dealing with typical first-year student run-ins with older students. They specifically try their best to avoid the older athletic George Hellebore until Randolph Hellebore introduces a new tri-athlete competition designed with their son's skillset in mind. We discover that Bond has a penchant for long-distance running, and after receiving encouragement from one of their instructors they decide to enter the competition with the goal in mind of winning only the running portion of the competition. The rest of the competition comprises of shooting and swimming, and while Bond performs respectably in both those segments, it's the final long distance run where the competition comes to a head despite the fact that Bond no longer stands a chance in the overall standings. Bond catches George cheating via short cuts along the path forcing Bond to muster all their strength and stamina to keep up trying to win the game fairly. After doubling back to confer with their fellow competitors far behind along the race, Bond uses the same short cuts George had used to catch up and wins the race much to the consternation of George and their father.
The story then picks up while Bond goes off on Easter Holiday to visit their aunt Charmian and their uncle Max Bond in Scotland. On the train ride, they meet Red Kelly, the cousin of the boy who disappeared at the beginning of the novel. Together the two boys discover that it is indeed Lord Randolph Hellebore who owns massive property where Red Kelly's cousin disappeared and they set about sneaking onto the property at Loch Silverfin and into the intimidating Scottish castle. Along the way they receive help from a pony-riding young girl, Wilder Lawless, and an American Pinkerton Detective there to investigate the disappearance of Lord Hellebore's brother.
We get tasteful glimpses of Bond's past as we see Bond recall the occasion when their aunt Charmian told them of the death of their parents and we also get some background about each of their parents with their father having joined the Royal Navy becoming captain of their own battleship during WWI while their mother had come from a wealthy Swiss Family. They often stayed behind with young James while their husband travelled abroad on business, but the two of them would vacation together during various times leaving James with relatives including Andrew Bond's sister, Charmian, who would go on to raise them once the climbing accident claimed the life of their parents. Charmian is a fascinating and immensely astute character. They make a very strong impression on James and we learn that James ultimately picks up some of their attitudes and predilections such as their preference for coffee over tea going as far as to say, “Tea? Good God, no. It's mud. How the British ever built an empire drinking the filthy stuff is beyond me.” It's of little coincidence that they drive James in their Bentley, a vehicle that we imagine James ultimately inherits.
Speaking of driving, it is during this Easter Holiday in Scotland where their Uncle Max teaches young Bond to drive using not just any vehicle but a Bramford and Martin, which would ultimately become the company that manufactures the Aston Martin. Uncle Max proves to be another fascinating character. He's the sickly brother of Andrew Bond, and in their final days with their nephew they confess to young James their past life as a spy during WWI having to escape their German captors breaking their leg in the process. They tell young James, “Nobody can hold a Bond forever.” James ultimately channels their Uncle Max when faced with danger later on in the story.
The story unfolds with Bond's capture by Hellebore in the castle as the elder Hellebore turns out to be a megalomaniac engaged in genetic experiments that bare some resemblance to those that the Nazis would infamously attempt years later. There's an interesting turn of events with the young George Hellebore becoming more than the two-dimensional character they started out as in the beginning of the book. With Young George defying their father and becoming Bond's ally the story leaves us with an exciting intense climax with Bond stubbornly insisting on completing the goal of destroying Hellebore's laboratory despite some opportunities to give up and call the authorities.
While the story requires some suspension of disbelief, it's still very engaging and not outside what one might imagine Fleming themselves might have concocted had they delved into this area of Bond's life. I highly recommend Silverfin to Bond fans, particularly Bond fans who have read the Fleming books. It really does compliment the literary canon for Fleming's Bond complete with enough subtle references and foreshadowing to the adult Bond for those of us who've read the books without necessarily becoming too esoteric for anyone who hasn't read them. I'm not sure how much an actual teen reader would appreciate it, but I have to imagine they would need some background details filled for them if they are only casually familiar with Bond as a film franchise. There are some callbacks to the cinematic franchise as young Bond is keen on saying the iconic catchprase “Bond, James Bond” combined with a scene where Bond is strapped onto a table in a villain's lair, but it's the subtle way that Higson reminds us of Fleming's Bond that is the true draw. Indeed, the elusive castle as the villain's lair is one Bond encounters again in You Only Live Twice when Blofeld uses utilizes an ancient Japanese castle for fiendish purposes.
I suppose it might have drawn more readership had the setting been skewed towards a young version of say Daniel Craig's Bond growing up in the 80's but the decision to make this series a prequel to Fleming's literary character truly makes this a fantastic and resounding reading experience for those of us who appreciate Fleming's books. It's a worthy addition to the official literary canon of James Bond and worthwhile for any Bond fan to check out.
Sources:
Fleming, Ian You Only Live Twice. Jonathan Cape, 1964 Higson, Charlie Silverfin. Puffin Books, 2005 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SilverFin http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Young_Bond Ian Fleming CBC Interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKtO34YNcFw
Advertisements
RSA Security will replace virtually every one of the 40 million SecurID tokens currently in use as a result of the hacking attack the company disclosed back in March. The EMC subsidiary issued a letter to customers acknowledging that SecurID failed to protect defense contractor Lockheed Martin, which last month reported a hack attempt.
SecurID tokens are used in two-factor authentication systems. Each user account is linked to a token, and each token generates a pseudo-random number that changes periodically, typically every 30 or 60 seconds. To log in, the user enters a username, password, and the number shown on their token. The authentication server knows what number a particular token should be showing, and so uses this number to prove that the user is in possession of their token.
The exact sequence of numbers that a token generates is determined by a secret RSA-developed algorithm, and a seed value used to initialize the token. Each token has a different seed, and it's this seed that is linked to each user account. If the algorithm and seed are disclosed, the token itself becomes worthless; the numbers can be calculated in just the same way that the authentication server calculates them.
This admission puts paid to RSA's initial claims that the hack would not allow any "direct attack" on SecurID tokens; wholesale replacement of the tokens can only mean that the tokens currently in the wild do not offer the security that they are supposed to. Sources close to RSA tell Ars that the March breach did indeed result in seeds being compromised. The algorithm is already public knowledge.
As a result, SecurID offered no defense against the hackers that broke into RSA in March. For those hackers, SecurID was rendered equivalent to basic password authentication, with all the vulnerability to keyloggers and password reuse that entails.
RSA Security Chairman Art Coviello said that the reason RSA had not disclosed the full extent of the vulnerability because doing so would have revealed to the hackers how to perform further attacks. RSA's customers might question this reasoning; the Lockheed Martin incident suggests that the RSA hackers knew what to do anyway—failing to properly disclose the true nature of the attack served only to mislead RSA's customers about the risks they faced.
RSA is working with other customers believed to have been attacked as a result of the SecurID compromise, though it has not named any. Defense contractors Northrop Grumman and L-3 Communications are both rumored to have faced similar attacks, with claims that Northrop suspended all remote access to its network last week.
by
In Ottawa they prefer to organize secret demonstrations.
I've been living here for ten months and I've barely noticed any posters for left wing demonstrations. There were none for the January launch of Common Causes, an initiative supported by many national labour organizations. Held at lunch on a weekday the demonstration, co-organized with Idle No More, took place close to where tens of thousands of people work and live.
Similarly, I saw no posters for the February 14 national day of action to highlight the plight of missing and murdered indigenous women. In Montréal organizers put up hundreds of posters and not surprisingly there was a much bigger turnout for the demonstration there.
It's not like Ottawans are a special breed who won't respond to posters. For the October launch of The Ugly Canadian: Stephen Harper's foreign policy I put up a thousand posters – no surprise the event had the largest turnout Octopus Books had seen in a longtime.
While online activism can be effective, postering remains vital for organizing demonstrations, talks or other political gatherings. Vancouver based activist Derrick O'keefe made this point a decade ago: “At the risk of embarrassingly overstating my case, I will conclude by asserting that the lack of a culture of postering reflects a generalized lack of activist and revolutionary culture. As valuable and as international as the internet activist community has become, it can not replace the critical (and often messy) local work, putting up posters and putting back together coalitions and movements.”
Posters can bring people out to a specific event, but they also have a broader educational value. While most people who see a poster won't attend the specific event, they are much more likely to investigate the issue in some other way.
Posters help make ideas that the dominant media marginalizes seem reasonable and by covering the public sphere with complaints about injustices posters embolden social movements. Sustained postering gives weight to the anarchist slogan “we are everywhere”.
Many political posters are also a form of street art that help drown out the barrage of buy this buy that corporate advertising. During the student strike that rocked Québec last spring a group of engaged art students set up a strike support collective. They produced a wide array of posters building on decades of tradition documented in Picture This!: 659 Posters of social movements in Québec (1966 – 2007).
Many countries in Europe and the Global South have deep postering traditions. TheWall Street Journal recently reported on those paid to put up election posters in Rome.
Apparently, there are so many accepted public poster spots in the city that these individuals can post up to 1200 in a day!
During a short trip to Athens 15 months ago I wandered in search of the left wing neighborhood of Exarcheia. I figured I was there when I found myself amidst street walls covered with images of Occupy's ballerina dancing on the Wall Street bull. The neighbourhood's various progressive posters and omnipresent Anarchist A's almost certainly make sympathizers of the far right Golden Dawn feel unwelcome.
Beyond shaping the politics of a neighbourhood, posters can help torpedo local politicians. During the 2006 federal election Haiti solidarity activists in Montreal initiated a major postering campaign that contributed to the defeat of foreign minister Pierre Pettigrew. Unhappy with their role in overthrowing Haiti's elected government, we put up over 2,000 posters in the riding with Pettigrew's photo and the tag line “Wanted: for crimes against humanity in Haiti.” (We also handed out 15,000 leaflets and organized a series of rallies and press conferences during the six week election period.)
The foreign minister's campaign team was none too pleased with these posters. One night the head of their campaign saw us paste one on top of a Pettigrew election sign. The campaign manager photographed the crime, called the police and then quietly followed us until they arrived. We were busted (defacing an election sign contravenes the Election Act).
But it was Pettigrew's campaign flack who would have egg on their face. My partner in crime, Dru Oja Jay, sent out a press release about our arrest, which was picked up by the crime obsessed Journal de Montreal. The city's most widely read newspaper ran a picture of our poster and (for the first time) a brief description of our efforts, further embarrassing Pettigrew in the midst of a tight election.
Our campaign against Pettigrew benefited from a dense, walkable neighbourhood. From a posterer's perspective the half dozen metro stops in the riding were gold. Not only did the metro help us reach the riding, we could cover the area around the stations and know that thousands of residents would pass our posters each day.
I'm currently researching a similar style foreign policy focused campaign to target a handful of Conservative MPs in the lead up to the 2015 election and an important consideration is whether posters would be effective in their ridings? A pedestrian scale is required for posters to make sense. Sprawling auto-centric suburbs undermine that possibility (also undermining leafleting, stickering or even marches themselves).
Signs in the suburbs (think billboards) are enormous and usually too expensive for grassroots groups. Unlike car oriented bill boards, street postering is ideal for volunteer run movements. Postering is labour intensive but not expensive, which makes it among the most democratic means of mass communication. That is why some call wheat paste “Marxist glue”.
ps. If you poster outdoors, forget the tape. The best way of making sure posters stay put is to use wallpaper paste or the cheaper/more sustainable wheat paste, which can be made with flour and hot water. Mix until porridge like. Don't forget your squeegee.
pps. If you expect to maintain your roommate/partner/office space don't let leftover wheat paste foment in the bucket too long. The shit gets nasty.
Yves Engler's latest book is The Ugly Canadian: Stephen Harper's foreign policy. For more informationyvesengler.com
A semi-regular piece of political gossip over the last few years is that the next round of Parliamentary boundary changes (for which 13 September is a key date) may be sunk by Conservative backbenchers.
The reasoning is apparently plausible – changed boundaries and fewer constituencies mean some Tories will lose out and only a few unhappy MPs removes the government's majority in the Commons.
Yet overall the boundary review will benefit the Conservatives as the country's demographic changes since the last review play to their advantage. No bias is required for the the Tories to benefit from changes which catch up on how the country has changed. Moreover, being in power the party has access to considerable patronage to help smooth over things with disturbed MPs.
All of which is a long way of saying I haven't given such gossip much credit in the past, and so far that has been right. But it's back in the news again – and this time with a twist that makes it more plausible.
This time it is that the House of Lords – where the Tories do not have a majority – may sink the boundary changes. Usually the Lords would be very wary of forcing a defeat on the government on such an issue. Two factors, however, are lining up to make this more likely.
One is the huge volume of Parliamentary business which Brext will require getting through the House of Lords. That it likely to put paid to the previous Tory chatter about reducing the power of the Lords to reject legislation as such a confrontational and controversial move would kill the sort of cooperation Brexit will need. Which in turn means the usual threat of ‘vote this down and we'll cut your powers' will have much less power when the Parliamentary boundaries are voted on.
The other factor is bizarrely paradoxical. It's that critics of individual electoral registration have repeatedly been proven wrong – and this has ended up strengthening their position when it comes to the boundary review.
To unpack that – I've written before about the repeated myth-making and fear-mongering from those claiming individual electoral registration was slashing the number of people on the register. The evidence never backed up the claims, and the latest review out just a few days ago from the Electoral Commission has concluded that the register's accuracy has increased greatly whilst its completeness dipped for the 1 December registers.
That dip is more than made up for by the subsequent growth in the register – showing that individual electoral registration is turning out just fine, leaving a trail of widely exaggerated claims of doom in its wake – but is relevant because at the Conservative Party's insistence it is the 1 December figures being used for the Parliamentary boundary review.
Which will give the House of Lords the cover for voting down the new Parliamentary boundaries. Not rejecting the principle of what the House of Commons voted for. Just insisting that it is redone with better data which isn't subject to what was clearly a temporary dip in numbers. It's not a perfect argument (the 1 December dip isn't large enough to be statistically significant in the Electoral Commission's judgement), but does give public cover for taking such a course (especially as the Commission goes on to add, ” specific decreases [in certain segments] suggest that there is likely to have been a genuine
decline at the headline level”).
A piece of public cover which is also one that will require many critics of individual electoral registration to switch around from saying it's awful to say it's working out just fine. Which, as it will be a switch around from fear mongering to facts, would also be rather welcome.
So it's not looking so certainly at all that those boundary changes will make their way through…
Labour MPs
An update on what might happen with Labour MPs and re-selections: in short, they are technically protected but what odds that protection will come under huge strain after the leadership contest?
Electoral Commission report on state of electoral register
Keep up with news about elections by email
If you'd like to be notified by email when new posts about how are how our elections are run appear on this blog, just sign up here. (Note: if you're already signed up for a daily email alert with all my new blog posts, then there's no need to sign up for these alerts too as the stories will also be in the full daily digest.)
Email * Enter Email Confirm Email
Name * First Last If you submit this form, your data will be used in line with the privacy policy here to update you on the topic(s) selected. This may include using this data to contact you via a variety of digital channels.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Interested in more stories about how our elections are run? Follow my dedicated election law channels on Facebook or Twitter which include bonus extra stories that don't appear on this blog.
Among all the trading we have been doing with our friends on the west coast I couldn't wait to highlight this beer the most. Unfortunately we had to wait for some snow to hit the ground before doing a proper photo shoot and article. It is finally snowing here in New Jersey and with the wood stoves burning and the smell of fire wood in the air the perfect beer for pairing with the situation is a winter warmer.
If you have been following us on instagram you will see we have put up a few pictures on 10 Barrel Brewing's, Pray For Snow and what a delicious winter warmer this beer is. Aside from this beer predicting the weather it is brewed with seven different malts and a heavy dose of hops to give the beer a nice herbal nose and over all spicy notes that you come to find in most winter warmers.
This is the first beer we have tried from 10 Barrel and most certainly not the last. If you want to find out more about 10 Barrel Brewing or Pray For Snow, head on over to their website and check it out. This is becoming a favorite brewery of ours and we cannot wait to share more with you. Cheers to 10 Barrel Brewing and cheers to our friend Dustin Shires for hooking us up with this tasty winter warmer. As the bottle says, “Drink Beer/Stay Warm.”
10 Barrel Brewing
-Brian
Julian Assange has said their possible extradition to the U.S. is in the hands of the Department of Justice (DoJ), according to the Guardian. The founder of WikiLeaks has made it clear that the ball is in America's court in regards to whether or not their offer to go to the United States still stands now that Chelsea Manning will be released. On January 17, Obama commuted Manning's sentence.
null
Former President Barack Obama commuted the sentence of Chelsea Manning, 29, a former army intelligence analyst who was convicted of providing classified military documents to WikiLeaks. The whistleblower was sentenced to 35 years in prison in August 2013 and will now be released in four months, instead of the year, 2024, as per the Independent.
However, Assange has remained in the Ecuadorian embassy in London. According to Russia Today, Julian Assange live-streamed a pseudo press conference via Periscope and said that they still stand by their former claims of extradition.
“If to settle the matter requires going to the United States under certain circumstances where my rights are protected, that's something we want to discuss, but the ball is in the DoJ court… We had a major strategic victory in liberating Chelsea Manning – the most significant alleged whistleblower in the last 10 years – but of course saying I'm willing to accept extradition doesn't mean I'm saying, I'm willing to be a complete idiot and throw all my lawyers away.”
null
The WikiLeaks editor was grilled by Robert Peston on their ITV show on whether Assange would honor their pledge to be extradited. Julian seemed to suggest that their next steps would be a tactical one. Assange did not rule out going to the U.S., “under certain circumstances.” When asked if they would be leaving the embassy after the commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, Assange said that it was an “enormous victory” for WikiLeaks.
“This is a matter of chess. There are opponents to that clemency within the Democratic party. Why were they opposed? They were opposed because he's famously an alleged source of mine.”
Peston interrupted the WikiLeaks leader and inquired more about the risks involved in leaving the Ecuadorian embassy.
“People really care about this and they care about what happens to you. Are you saying that you're not yet ready to take the risk of leaving the embassy?”
Assange revealed that they and their team had approached the Department of Justice in regards to dropping their case.
“We have approached the DoJ [Department of Justice] … saying are they going to drop this case? We say its unconstitutional, it is unlawful, that it should not be pursued. What are they going to do?”
Preston then asked Assange if they would patiently wait for a response from the U.S.
“We haven't heard back from the DoJ yet, the ball is in their court… If to settle the matter requires going to the United States under certain circumstances where my rights are protected, that's something we want to discuss, but the ball is in the DoJ court.”
The DoJ has not yet commented on Julian Assange's case.
RELATED ARTICLES FROM THE INQUISITR:
Julian Assange: WikiLeaks Did Not Receive Podesta, DNC Emails From Russian Intel, ‘Our Source Is Not The Russian Government'
Sarah Palin Apologizes To Julian Assange After Comparing The WikiLeaks Founder To Al-Qaeda And The Taliban
FBI Attempt To Frame Julian Assange Thwarted By Icelandic Government, Former Icelandic Minister ClaimsWikiLeaks Founder Says They Stand By Their Extradition Offer
The Vindication Of Julian Assange
Julian Assange appeared in a surprise interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity and denied reports that claimed the Podesta and DNC emails were passed to WikiLeaks by the Russian government. Assange blasted U.S. media outlets and spoke out about the recent news regarding assessments of Russia being the source of the email leaks.
Hannity interviewed WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange on their nationally syndicated radio show, The Sean Hannity Show. Assange insisted the allegations of Russia being the source of WikiLeaks' documents are a “foolish” and “dangerous” effort by Democrats to nullify Trump's presidential win.
“Our source is not the Russian government.”
Several days after the interview, Sarah Palin apologized for comparing Julian Assange to al-Qaeda and Taliban leaders. The former governor of Alaska apologized to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in a Facebook post on Wednesday. The apology followed the airing of Assange's interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity.
null
Sarah Palin took to both their Twitter and Facebook account to apologize to Assange, according to the International Business Times. In another shocking post, Palin recommended their fans to watch Oliver Stone's film, Snowden. Palin even called the film “quite enlightening.”
“To Julian Assange: I apologize…. The media collusion that hid what many on the Left have been supporting is shocking. This important information that finally opened people's eyes to democrat candidates and operatives would not have been exposed were it not for Julian Assange.”
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin apologizes to WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange. [Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images]
Sarah's apology is assumed to be for insulting Assange as a journalist and comparing them to al-Qaeda and the Taliban. During the 2008 election, WikiLeaks posted hacked emails from Sarah Palin's account. Just two years ago, they called Assange “an anti-American operative with blood on their hands” following the publishing of diplomatic cables by WikiLeaks. Palin insisted the site should be shut down permanently, according to the Business Insider.
“[Assange] is an anti-American operative with blood on their hands. Their past posting of classified documents revealed the identity of more than 100 Afghan sources to the Taliban. Why was they not pursued with the same urgency we pursue al Qaeda and Taliban leaders?”
Assange, who is Australian, has said they fear deportation to Sweden and the United States, where they could be charged for the publication of hundreds of thousands of secret U.S. diplomatic cables. According to the Wall Street Journal, Julian also believes if they are extradited to Sweden, they will then be extradited to the U.S., where they could face espionage charges due to leaking thousands of classified documents on the WikiLeaks website.
The WikiLeaks founder maintains that they have been robbed of their freedom for the last six years, according to the Guardian. The situation has also taken a toll on Assange's physical well-being. Assange's health deteriorated significantly since their confinement. They developed an arrhythmia, high blood pressure, chronic cough, and a vitamin D deficiency, according to the Observer.
[Featured Image by Carl Court/Getty Images]
Jeremy Corbyn is a patron of the Peace in Kurdistan campaign which is part of a web of UK-based groups linked to the PKK, a separatist militia Dan Kitwood/Getty Images
Jeremy Corbyn and some of their closest Labour allies are linked to a network of campaign groups lobbying for the Kurdish terrorist group that killed 44 people in Istanbul last weekend, The Times can reveal.
Mr Corbyn and Kate Osamor, the shadow international development secretary, are patrons of the Peace in Kurdistan campaign, part of a web of UK-based groups linked to the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). Unison, a Labour-affiliated union, is also linked to the campaigns.
The PKK, a separatist militia with Marxist leanings, has been fighting a violent insurgency against the Turkish state since the early 1980s. It has been listed as a proscribed terrorist organisation in the UK since 2001, partly due to its involvement in European drug-trafficking networks.
The PKK called…
The next generation of Halo multiplayer begins on Dec. 29, 2014 with the start of the three week long Halo 5: Guardians Multiplayer Beta.
Announced during the Xbox gamescom 2014 Media Briefing, the Halo 5: Guardians Multiplayer Beta will run from Dec. 29, 2014 through Jan. 18, 2015 and focus on just a portion of Halo 5: Guardians' full multiplayer experience – arena gameplay. Featuring intense 4 vs. 4 showdowns, arena combat in Halo 5: Guardians will start players with the same loadout, ensuring matches are perfectly balanced and competitive. The Multiplayer Beta includes seven maps and three game types, as well as a variety of different armor sets to customize your Spartan with.
“It's celebrating the legacy of competitive gameplay that's always been at the heart of Halo's multiplayer,” said Josh Holmes, Executive Producer on Halo 5: Guardians, in a developer video that was shown during the Media Briefing.
Throughout the Beta, players will have the opportunity provide feedback through the newly announced Halo Channel.
“Having a beta this early in development is crucial because it gives us as developers the opportunity to react to the feedback we get from fans and take it into account as we complete the multiplayer experience for Halo 5: Guardians,” said Holmes.
The Halo 5: Guardians Multiplayer Beta will run on dedicated servers at 60 frames-per-second to deliver the best multiplayer experience, and include unlockables which can be carried over to Halo 5: Guardians when it launches in fall in 2015.
Fans can get access to the Halo 5: Guardians Multiplayer Beta as part of Halo: The Master Chief Collection, which releases on Nov. 11, 2014.
The Atlanta Hawks introduced the new ownership group on Thursday, in a press conference that featured new principal owner Tony Ressler, partner Grant Hill, head coach (and future head of basketball operations) Mike Budenholzer, and CEO Steve Koonin.
Tony Ressler, new principal owner of the Hawks, opened up the press conference, expressing their pleasure to have taken over the franchise, saying, "Obviously, we are just so excited to be here, we couldn't be more excited to be in Atlanta, we couldn't be more excited to be owners of this special Hawks franchise."
Ressler made it clear that the Hawks were a piece of the community, and deserved stable ownership that always did the best that they could, to make reasonable decisions, and to try to bring the city a championship.
Grant Hill also expressed their pleasure, saying, "I am so excited and thrilled to be in this position. We know it has been a lot of hard work to get to this point. We also recognize there is a lot more to be done, and we look forward to the opportunity to be a flight attendant of this franchise. This team belongs to this community, to this fan base, and to this city. We look at that as a huge responsibility, but we welcome that opportunity, [we] welcome that challenge."
Ressler reiterated that having Mike Budenholzer and Steve Koonin leading the way made the decision of buying the team easier, and how they will rely on the duo in decision-making, saying, "All of us, as investors, owners, are going to bring some business and some basketball knowledge, but there should be no confusion ... we have a superb management team in Bud and Steve, and that's what we're buying into."
Hill expressed that they have seen the capability of the Hawks franchise, and the opportunity that lies ahead, saying, "I have always felt there was a tremendous upside with this franchise. Tremendous opportunity to really resonate with the community and the fan base here, and I think that's starting to happen, and our job is to continue to support these guys as they continue to lead these guys into the future."
Grant Hill also noted that there is no reason that Atlanta shouldn't be an immediate option and destination for free agents, and strongly declared, "We want to make this place the premiere sports franchise in all sports."
On an important note, Ressler said that they have a handshake agreement with Mike Budenholzer to add the distinction of team president to their current title of head coach, as well as a similar pact with Wes Wilcox to become the team's general manager. Also, with approximately 15 partners in the group, Ressler made it known that the final say would always land with them as "approximately" a 50 percent owner of the franchise.
It was one press conference, and the group led by Ressler, Hill and others has owned the team for 24 hours, but based on what we have seen so far, it appears the franchise is in good hands moving forward.
Photo via Brokelyn, who experienced the camping first hand!
Want to sleep under the stars-that-you-can't-see in New York City without worrying about coyotes or crime*? The Urban Park Rangers are back with their offer to camp for free in parks around the five boroughs, but you need to win their lottery in order to claim a spot.
The lottery to win spots to sleep in Central Park, Prospect Park, Fort Greene Park, Marine Park, and many more will start this week, with just 30 spots open for each experience. And you don't even need a tent: they provide "tents, MREs (meals ready to eat) s'mores and water." You should, however, come prepared with a sleeping bag, any additional food you want, your Blue Bottle cold brew coffee, mosquito spray, at least one jar of your favorite Brooklyn artisanal mayo, and your best ghost stories.
If you don't win, you can always pay 20 bucks to camp by Floyd Bennett Field, Sandy Hook and Fort Wadsworth on Staten Island—information on that can be found here.
*A camping experience without coyotes or crime is not guaranteed! Keep your wits about you.
While 17-year-old Canadian Samira Omar was living in the UK, they suffered an unprovoked attack; their classmates beat them and burnt them with boiling water, which left them unrecognizable.
Back home they met Basma Hameed, an expert in the emerging field of cosmetic tattooing who — having suffered similar burns themselves at a young age — decided to help them for free.
As you'll see in this moving video from CBC News, Basma is able to tattoo Samira with permanent pigment that matches their natural skin tone, and while the burns heal she's masking them with a clever scar concealer they developed herself.
"I wanted to reach out to and help as much as possible," the specialist said, and Samira's restored confidence is serious recognition of that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEtJIESkk9U
10 People Who Made The World A Better Place... And You Probably Never Heard Of Them
Via Twistedsifter
There are countless unsung heroes throughout history that are deserving of greater recognition and appreciation. This post strives to shed light on ten such remarkable individuals who have impacted the world.
1. Maurice Ralph Hilleman. Saved More Lives than Any Other Medical Scientist of the 20th Century
Maurice Ralph Hilleman (August 30, 1919 – April 11, 2005) was an American microbiologist who specialized in vaccinology and developed over 36 vaccines, more than any other scientist. Of the 14 vaccines routinely recommended in current vaccine schedules, they developed eight: those for measles, mumps, hepatitis A, hepatitis B, chickenpox, meningitis, pneumonia and Haemophilus influenzae bacteria.
Hilleman was also the first to identify how the influenza virus mutates, and they virtually single-handedly spearheaded creation of the vaccine that prevented the Asian flu outbreak of 1957 from becoming a repeat of the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, which killed 20 million people worldwide. They also created the world's first licensed vaccine against a viral cancer, which blocked Marek's disease, a lymphoma of chickens. The development revolutionized the poultry industry.
2. Vasili Arkhipov and Stanislav Petrov. Preventers of Nuclear War
Photo: Automotive Safety Analysis Corporation
On September 26, 1983, Lt. Col. Stanislav Petrov was duty officer at Serpukhov-15, the secret bunker outside Moscow that monitored the Soviet Union's early-warning satellite system. Shortly after midnight, one of the satellites signaled Moscow that the United States had launched five ballistic missiles at Russia. The responsibility fell to Petrov, then a 44-year-old lieutenant colonel, to make a decision: Was it for real? The alarm came during tense times. Just weeks prior, Soviet pilots had shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 007 and NATO military exercise, known as Able Archer were about to begin.
Despite the electronic evidence, Petrov decided – and advised the others – that the satellite alert was a false alarm, a call that may have averted a nuclear holocaust. But they were relentlessly interrogated afterward, was never rewarded for their decision and today is a long-forgotten pensioner living in a town outside Moscow.
Vasili Alexandrovich Arkhipov (30 Jan. 1926 – 19 Aug. 1998) was a Soviet Navy officer. During the Cuban Missile Crisis, they prevented the launch of a nuclear torpedo and likely prevented a nuclear war. Thomas Blanton (then director of the National Security Archive) said in 2002 that “a guy called Vasili Arkhipov saved the world”.
On 27 October 1962, during the Cuban Missile Crisis, a group of eleven United States Navy destroyers and the aircraft carrier USS Randolph located the diesel-powered nuclear-armed Soviet Foxtrot-class submarine B-59 near Cuba. Despite being in international waters, the Americans started dropping practice depth charges, explosives intended to force the submarine to come to the surface for identification. There had been no contact from Moscow for a number of days and the sub was too deep to monitor any radio traffic, so those on board did not know whether war had broken out. The captain of the submarine, Valentin Grigorievitch Savitsky, believing that a war might already have started, wanted to launch a nuclear torpedo.
Three officers on board the submarine – Savitsky, the political officer Ivan Semonovich Maslennikov, and the second-in-command Arkhipov – were authorized to launch the torpedo if agreeing unanimously in favor of doing so. An argument broke out among the three, in which only Arkhipov was against the launch. Arkhipov eventually persuaded Savitsky to surface the submarine.
3. Niels Bohlin. Inventor of the Three-Point Seatbelt
Photo: Automotive Safety Analysis Corporation
Consisting of two straps that joined at the hip level and fastened into a single anchor point, the three-point belt significantly reduced injuries by effectively holding both the upper and lower body and reducing the impact of the swift deceleration that occurred in a crash. The use of seat belts has been estimated to reduce the risk of fatalities and serious injuries from collisions by about 50 percent which is said to be nearly a million people to date.
4. Chuck Feeney. The Billionaire Who Is Trying To Go Broke
Photo: New Decade
Over their career Feeney amassed a $7.5 billion fortune that they intend to give away entirely in their lifetime. Their foundation, The Atlantic Philanthropies, has funnelled $6.2 billion into education, science, health care, aging and civil rights in the U.S., Australia, Vietnam, Bermuda, South Africa and Ireland. The remaining $1.3 billion will be spent by 2016, and the foundation will be shuttered in 2020.
According to Forbes, Bill Gates and Warren Buffett credit Feeney as a major inspiration for both the $30 billion Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the Giving Pledge, a commitment by the world's wealthiest individuals and families to dedicate the majority of their wealth to philanthropy. As of July 2013, 113 billionaire individuals and couples and one family group have signed the pledge.
“I had one idea that never changed in my mind—that you should use your wealth to help people. I try to live a normal life, the way I grew up,” Feeney says. “I set out to work hard, not to get rich.”
5. Norman Borlaug. The Man Who Saved a Billion Lives
Photo: CIMMYT Flickr
Norman Ernest Borlaug (March 25, 1914 – Sept. 12, 2009) was an American biologist, humanitarian and Nobel laureate who has been called “the father of the Green Revolution”, “agriculture's greatest spokesperson” and “The Man Who Saved A Billion Lives”.  They are one of seven people to have won the Nobel Peace Prize, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal and was also awarded the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honor.
Borlaug received their B.Sc. Biology 1937 and Ph.D. in plant pathology and genetics from the University of Minnesota in 1942. They took up an agricultural research position in Mexico, where they developed semi-dwarf, high-yield, disease-resistant wheat varieties. During the mid-20th century, Borlaug led the introduction of these high-yielding varieties combined with modern agricultural production techniques to Mexico, Pakistan, and India. As a result, Mexico became a net exporter of wheat by 1963. Between 1965 and 1970, wheat yields nearly doubled in Pakistan and India, greatly improving the food security in those nations. These collective increases in yield have been labeled the Green Revolution, and Borlaug is often credited with saving over a billion people worldwide from starvation. They were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 in recognition of their contributions to world peace through increasing food supply.
6. Henrietta Lacks. The Source of the Oldest and Most Commonly Used Human Cell Line in Science
Photo: Johns Hopkins University
Henrietta Lacks (Aug. 1, 1920 – Oct. 4, 1951) was an African-American woman who was the unwitting source of cells (from their cancerous tumor) which were cultured by George Otto Gey to create the first known human immortal cell line for medical research known as the HeLa cell line.
As the first human cells grown in a lab that were “immortal” (they do not die after a few cell divisions), they could be used for conducting many experiments. This represented an enormous boon to medical and biological research.
By 1954, the HeLa strain of cells was being used by Jonas Salk to develop a vaccine for polio. In 1955 HeLa cells were the first human cells successfully cloned. Demand for the HeLa cells quickly grew. Since they were put into mass production, Henrietta's cells have been mailed to scientists around the globe for “research into cancer, AIDS, the effects of radiation and toxic substances, gene mapping, and countless other scientific pursuits”. HeLa cells have been used to test human sensitivity to tape, glue, cosmetics, and many other products. Scientists have grown some 20 tons of their cells, and there are almost 11,000 patents involving HeLa cells.
7. Eugene Lazowski. The Polish Schindler
Photo: Wikipedia
Dr. Eugene Lazowski (1913 – December 16, 2006) was a Polish medical doctor who saved thousands of Jews during the Holocaust by creating a fake epidemic. Thanks to a medical discovery by their friend, Dr Stanislav Matulewicz, Lazowski created a fake outbreak of Epidemic Typhus, a dangerous infectious disease. Matulewicz discovered that by injecting a healthy person with a “vaccine” of killed bacteria, that person would test positive for Epidemic Typhus without experiencing the symptoms. Lazowski spread it in and around the town of Rozwadów (now a district of Stalowa Wola), which the Germans then quarantined. This saved an estimated 8,000 Polish Jews from certain death in German concentration camps during the Holocaust.
The Germans were weary of Epidemic Typhus because it was highly contagious. While Jews who tested positive for typhus were normally executed by the Nazis, the doctors injected the non-Jewish population in neighborhoods surrounding the ghettos, knowing that a possibility of widespread outbreak inside would cause Germans to abandon and quarantine the area instead.
8. James Harrison. The Man with the Golden Arm
Photo: DANNY AARONS via news.com.au
James Harrison, known as the Man with the golden arm, is a blood plasma donor from Australia whose unusual plasma composition has been used to make a treatment for Rhesus disease. They have made over 1000 donations throughout their lifetime, and these donations are estimated to have saved over two million unborn babies from the condition.
Born in 1936, Harrison underwent major chest surgery at the age of thirteen, requiring 13 litres of blood. They were in the hospital for three months afterwards. Realizing the blood had saved their lives, they made a pledge to start donating blood as soon as they turned eighteen, the then-required age. Mr. Harrison started donating in 1954 and after the first few donations it was discovered that their blood contained an unusually strong and persistent antibody called Rho(D) Immune Globulin. Rho(D) IG is given to Rh(D) negative mothers of unknown or Rh(D) positive babies during and after pregnancy to prevent the creation of antibodies to the blood of a Rh(D) positive child. This antigen sensitization and subsequent incompatibility phenomenon causes Rhesus disease, the most common form of hemolytic disease of the newborn (HDN).
As blood plasma, in contrast to blood, can be donated as often as every 2–3 weeks, they were able to reach their 1000th donation in May 2011. This results in an average of one donation every three weeks during 57 years.
9. Willis Carrier. Inventor of Air Conditioning
Photo: Carrier Corporation
Willis Haviland Carrier (Nov. 26, 1876 – Oct. 7, 1950) was an American engineer, best known for inventing modern air conditioning. In Buffalo, New York, on July 17, 1902, in response to a quality problem experienced at the Sackett-Wilhelms Lithographing & Publishing Company of Brooklyn, Willis Carrier submitted drawings for what became recognized as the world's first modern air conditioning system. The 1902 installation marked the birth of air conditioning because of the addition of humidity control, which led to the recognition by authorities in the field that air conditioning must perform four basic functions: 1.) control temperature; 2.) control humidity; 3.) control air circulation and ventilation; 4.) cleanse the air.
On December 3, 1911, Carrier presented the most significant and epochal document ever prepared on air conditioning – their “Rational Psychrometric Formulae” – at the annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. It became known as the “Magna Carta of Psychrometrics.” This document tied together the concepts of relative humidity, absolute humidity, and dew-point temperature, thus making it possible to design air-conditioning systems to precisely fit the requirements at hand.
By increasing industrial production in the summer months, air conditioning revolutionized American life. The introduction of residential air conditioning in the 1920s helped start the great migration to the Sunbelt.
10. Rick Rescorla. Leader of a 9/11 Evacuation
Photo: The Dirty Lowdown
Cyril Richard “Rick” Rescorla (May 27, 1939 – September 11, 2001) was a retired United States Army officer of British birth who served with distinction in Northern Rhodesia as a member of the Northern Rhodesia Police (NRP) and as a soldier in the Vietnam War, where they were a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army.
At 8:46 a.m. on the morning of September 11, 2001, American Airlines Flight 11 struck World Trade Center Tower 1. Rescorla heard the explosion and saw the Tower burning from their office window. When a Port Authority announcement came over the P.A. system urging people to stay at their desks, Rescorla ignored the announcement, grabbed their bullhorn, walkie-talkie and cell phone, and began systematically ordering Morgan Stanley employees to evacuate, including the 1,000 employees in WTC 5. They directed people down a stairwell from the 44th floor, continuing to calm employees after the building lurched violently following the crash of the second plane 38 floors above. Morgan Stanley executive Bill McMahon stated that even a group of 250 people visiting the offices for a stockbroker training class knew what to do because they had been shown the nearest stairway.
Rescorla had boosted morale among their men in Vietnam by singing Cornish songs from their youth, and now they did the same in the stairwell, singing songs like one based on the Welsh song “Men of Harlech”. Between songs, Rescorla called their wife, telling her, “Stop crying. I have to get these people out safely. If something should happen to me, I want you to know I've never been happier. You made my life.”
After successfully evacuating most of Morgan Stanley's 2,687 employees, they went back into the building. When one of their colleagues told them they too had to evacuate Rescorla replied, “As soon as I make sure everyone else is out”. They were last seen on the 10th floor, heading upward, shortly before the tower collapsed. Their remains were never found. At the National 9/11 Memorial, Rescorla is memorialized at the South Pool, on Panel S-46.
Source
A Hoboken emergency medical technician was stabbed in the stomach this afternoon while responding to a call, sources with knowledge of the incident said tonight.
The 26-year-old woman was inside a public housing complex building on Jackson Street at 4:50 p.m. when a man came up from behind and stabbed her, according to two sources who were not authorized to speak about the incident.
A Hoboken police sergeant who is authorized to provide information was not immediately available to provide details on the incident.
The EMT, who was on a crew with two other Hoboken Volunteer Ambulance Corps members, was taken to the Jersey City Medical Center, where they are under observation, JCMC spokesperson Mark Rabson said.
The 26-year-old was placed in their own HVAC ambulance and JCMC paramedics got on the ambulance about halfway between Hoboken and the JCMC and began treating her, Rabson said.
It is believed that the initial call for an ambulance from the Hoboken location may have been a hoax, since person who requested an ambulance never called for another one, a source said.
As Washington plays politics as usual instead of fixing our broken system, people are dying. Americans simply cannot wait for comprehensive health care reform - it's time for Democrats to stand up to Big Insurance and their conservative allies, and get reform done right. During the Virtual March for Real Health Care Reform, we'll send a million messages to Congress to make sure they know that voters want them to get to work and get health care done.
Passing comprehensive healthcare reform is both good politics and good policy. Polling of the people who voted for Obama in 2008 and for Republican Scott Brown in 2010 shows that 82% of them support a public option: they believe the failure in DC is that Democrats are not aggressive enough in fighting for them. Our nation's health care crisis is not an incremental problem and cannot be fixed with incremental solutions. We cannot ban denials for pre-existing conditions without mandates; we cannot institute mandates without providing subsidies; and we cannot provide subsidies without raising revenue. All the most popular elements of true meaningful reform are intertwined.
Public option is gaining momentum. Support in the Senate for using reconciliation to pass a public option is growing by the day. Currently 18 Senators have signed a letter in support of using reconciliation to pass a public option. In addition, whip counts show that there are the votes needed to pass a public option. In the House, more than 118 members have signed a similar letter.
On the day of the bipartisan summit, we all know Republicans still have no good ideas for health care reform, and that they will continue to be the party of "No, We Can't!" while we'll continue to be the party of "Yes, We Can!" Krugman's right in their editorial today when they write this:
So California's woes show that conservative prescriptions for health reform just won't work. What would work? By all means, let's ban discrimination on the basis of medical history — but we also have to keep healthy people in the risk pool, which means requiring that people purchase insurance. This, in turn, requires substantial aid to lower-income Americans so that they can afford coverage. And if you put all of that together, you end up with something very much like the health reform bills that have already passed both the House and the Senate. What about claims that these bills would force Americans into the clutches of greedy insurance companies? Well, the main answer is stronger regulation; but it would also be a very good idea, politically as well as substantively, for the Senate to use reconciliation to put the public option back into its bill.
It's time for Washington to stop stalling---tell them to finish their job on the 24th! Here's how it's going to work here as laid out by nyceve:
The 1,000,000 Voices campaign will be rolled out to the media starting on Monday. We'll keep you advised of all developments as they happen. On the morning of Wednesday, February 24th, either slinkerwink or I will post a diary, which we will ask you to please keep alive and on the rec list all day and into the evening. We'll ask you to sign in on Daily Kos, once you do that, you'll be seamlessly directed to MoveOn. On the MoveOn 1,000,000 Voices Virtual March on Washington web site, which will go live early in the morning of February 24th, you'll be able to use their incredible tools to contact Congress and the Senate and to take the action of your choice--call, email, fax or write. We ask you to sign in on Daily Kos so that we'll know and give you frequent tallies throughout the day and night of the number of Kossacks who are participating in the Virtual March.
And here's how we'll get this job done on February 24th, the day President Obama holds their bipartisan summit!
Each organization will ask its members to call, email, fax, or write a letter. If you decide to call, you'll be offered talking points. You're free to use them or not, whatever moves you. Just take an action--call, email, fax, letter--it's all about 1,000,000 contacts on February 24th. These are the talking points which resonate with us. You're free to use them or not, it's your choice. The call-in effort will be to ask for these items below in the reconciliation fix, and directing these calls at the House and the Senate. * Inclusion of the public option
* The Medicare buy-in
* Fixing the excise tax
* Getting rid of the Nebraska Cornhusker Kickback deal
* National exchange
* Drug re-importation
* Drug price negotiation in Medicare Part D
* Increasing subsidies. Why are we aiming high? Because we need to do our best, and always fight to the end in making this Senate bill better. On the other hand, if you believe the best route to getting a bill passed is for the House to simply vote to pass the Senate Bill, you are free to make that your "ask". And we thank you too, for participating.
All we ask, is that you take an action.
Thank you for joining the 1,000,000 Voices Virtual March on Washington campaign, and tell your friends to join as well!
On 25 May, it will be five years since Nasa's robotic spacecraft Phoenix touched down in the Martian "arctic". Here, Dr Tom Pike, one of the mission scientists on Phoenix, explains what we've learnt about the Red Planet in that time.
I'm tightly sandwiched between missions to Mars. I'm still analysing data from Phoenix, while building hardware for the seismometers launching on InSight.
In my spare time, I like to keep an eye on the data coming down from Curiosity. Although workdays and weekends are rather blurred, there are some dates I take great care to remember.
Five years ago today, the Phoenix Lander started its descent towards the northern plains of Mars. I was following the live feed from Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory at the Phoenix Science Operations Center in Arizona.
The elation I felt when Phoenix had touched down safely was intense and immediate, but it is only now possible to judge what the mission really achieved.
To make any assessment, I first have to look back from the mission, to see what Phoenix added to our growing knowledge of the Red Planet.
But even a spacecraft that meets all its goals can fade from memory if the next mission outclasses it. The next mission to land on Mars, just last August, was the mighty Mars Science laboratory on board the Curiosity rover, bristling with many more instruments than Phoenix.
Perhaps the highest profile achievement of Phoenix was to dig down to a buried layer of ice just below the Martian surface. I was the scientist on watch who first recognised that the "white stuff" Phoenix was digging up was slowly disappearing.
This was the definitive proof we'd hit water ice. As later careful examination of fresh meteorite craters showed, this icy layer was not just where Phoenix landed, but stretched right around the most northerly quarter of the planet.
But the running joke in the planetary science community was that at least Phoenix could add its name to the list of missions to "discover" water on Mars. It certainly was the first mission to come directly into contact with ice, and melt it. But it had been known for decades that there was water in the form of ice on the planet.
Image caption Phoenix uncovered water ice beneath the Martian surface, and saw it vanish
Probably the most important discovery from Phoenix was the presence of perchlorates in the Martian soil. These chemical compounds had ironically been detected by adding water brought all the way from Earth. One of the Phoenix instrument suites, MECA, was able to look for key chemical signatures in the resulting muddy soup, and the signature of perchlorate was quite clear.
The issue with perchlorate on Earth is that it is very soluble in water. Finding it in some abundance on the surface of Mars strongly suggested there had not been much liquid water there for quite some time. Any water would have washed the perchlorates away.
Another part of the MECA suite, the two microscopes I was working on, told a similar story. We were able to zoom in to an unprecedented resolution and yet we couldn't find any sign of clays, the signature of liquid water, from the size distribution of the particles in our images.
It took a couple of years to confirm quite how dry Mars must be from all our images, but the conclusion from the chemistry and microscopy of MECA was clear - a major requirement for life on the surface of Mars, liquid water, seems to be missing.
Phoenix was also able to look up into the atmosphere above, and there we saw for the first time snow falling from the Martian sky. Water, water, everywhere, but on Mars all Phoenix saw was ice - certainly nothing to drink.
After five months of mission operations, Phoenix failed as the frigid northern winter set in, with temperatures below -100C and no sunlight. When the Martian orbiters circling the planet were once again able to look down on Phoenix, it was clear the Martian ice had delivered the coup de grace - the solar panels had been snapped off by the weight of the winter's snowfall.
Last August, Curiosity was lowered in some style from its skycrane into Gale Crater, near the Martian equator. The Curiosity rover carries much more instrumental firepower than Phoenix, as might be expected at five times the price tag, and of course it can move around.
Over the last nine months, Curiosity has progressively deployed all its instrumental capacity to analyse the soil it has been rolling over.
But Curiosity has not put Phoenix in the shade, yet. It also sees perchlorates in the soil - they're most likely covering the planet - and as well, the presence of the mineral forsterite also suggests very limited liquid water.
And like the Phoenix microscopes, Curiosity could not find clays in the soil. The soil at the equator looks like it has been just as dry as the soil on the northern plains of Mars.
Phoenix gave the most conclusive picture yet of the inhospitability of the surface of Mars, and Curiosity has produced the same picture from a very different location on the planet. But Curiosity, unlike Phoenix, can roll over to study ancient rock as it traverses Gale Crater, and already it is seeing evidence for a wetter, warmer Mars billions of years old that is captured in the oldest rock formations.
So far, Curiosity has not found any of the organic compounds that would indicate the possibility of life on the planet.
Phoenix gave more than a strong hint that even if there was once life on Mars, it would not now be found near the surface. If Curiosity, or any other mission, does find signs that there was once, long ago, life on Mars, Phoenix will at least deserve a nod for showing where to direct the search.
Dr Tom Pike is a reader in microengineering at Imperial College London.  They are working on a forthcoming mission to Mars, called InSight, which is set to launch in 2016.
Five years ago, the global financial system was rocked by the “flash crash,” 15 minutes of chaos that shook the world's biggest markets and prompted investors both big and small to question how such a vital part of the economy could be brought to its knees.
On Tuesday, United States prosecutors said that much of the blame for the event could be pinned on a single person: a 36-year-old man who had been boldly manipulating markets from their suburban rowhouse just a few minutes from Heathrow Airport outside London, where they were arrested.
Regulators said that their prosecution of the trader, Navinder Singh Sarao, demonstrated their aggressiveness in rooting out market manipulation. But news of the arrest, if anything, has raised anew concerns about how an individual could manage to exert such influence over the world's financial markets. The case also played into worries that have swirled around the increasingly automated and complex financial markets, where regulators have struggled to keep up with nimble new participants like high-frequency trading firms that use sophisticated networks to make money in milliseconds via rapid-fire trades.
For the latest case, it took the authorities five years to track down a rogue actor making enormous trades. And, they were led to them only with the help of an outside whistle-blower.
NEW ORLEANS – “Big business can get away with murder,” Robert ‘Tiger” Hammond, president of the Greater New Orleans AFL-CIO, told the People's World here May 11. “And they are doing it right now!”
Three weeks after the Deepwater Horizon exploded off the coast of Louisiana, killing 11 workers, over 200,000 gallons of oil are still being pumped into the ocean every day, potentially destroying thousands of acres of beautiful marsh land. Additionally, Gulf Coast wildlife – unique to the region – and the fishing industry face critical challenges in the months and years ahead.
Hammond, who also serves as the executive secretary for the Southeast Louisiana Building and Construction Trades Council, continued, “After three weeks they [BP] are on plan E. We don't know when the oil is going to stop.”
Unfortunately, this is the second tragedy – in almost four years – Hammond has had to deal with. “First Katrina, now the oil,” they said in a raised voice, visibly angry.
Before Hurricane Katrina, Hammond lived in St. Bernard Parish, one of the areas the hardest hit by the disaster. “I had 11 feet of water in my house, 14 inches on the second floor. We were underwater.”
“We were rebuilding our lives, our futures! Now this,” Hammond continued.
In the weeks following the Deepwater Horizon explosion it has become obvious that more government regulation is needed. In fact, Hammond connected the oil crisis today to deregulation during the Bush administration.
“George W. Bush vetoed a law that would have required a mandatory cut-off valve precisely for this type of crisis,” Hammond said. “There has to be stiffer penalties, stiffer laws. Hundreds of thousands of people's lives are at stake. Hundreds of jobs are at stake – hotels, charter boats, restaurants, the whole tourism industry and the fishermen.”
Hammond also said that they have seen a huge change in the federal government's approach to regulating big corporations since President Obama took office.
David Magee, vice president of International Longshoremen's Association (ILA) Local 3000, couldn't agree more. As we stood on the docks just outside of the local's trailer, they told the People's World, “The Obama administration has been part of our post-Katrina rebuilding success.”
“Obama is on the side of the community, the workers, the fishermen,” Magee continued. “BP, on the other hand, allowed this tragedy to happen. They were trying to save money. As a result, 11 lives were lost and our state, city and region are going to suffer.”
ILA Local 3000 Secretary-Treasurer Chris Hammond added, “BP has made a lot of mistakes. They have been irresponsible. All of their safeguards failed. They need to be better regulated.”
“This is a new Katrina,” they continued.
With states all across the nation facing severe budget cuts, the impact of this crisis will also be felt in Baton Rouge, Louisiana's state capital. Off-shore drilling provides hundreds of millions of dollars in state revenue.
“Off-shore drilling provides revenue for the state that goes towards social programs and helps rebuild our infrastructure,” Chris Hammond added, indicating that with better regulation this key regional industry could play a positive role in stabilizing the state's budget.
For a city still recovering from the wounds of Bush-era mismanagement and corporate deregulation, this crisis couldn't come at the worst time.
“There is a lot of anger and disbelief,” Magee added. “The outlook is bleak. On the waterfront, once you lose work it is hard to get it back.” Many dockworkers fear layoffs as ships are diverted to other areas to avoid the oil.
The oil pouring into the Gulf Coast can and will affect the economy of the whole region. If good paying, union jobs are lost in the docking industry, then jobs in the peripheral economy will also be affected – putting downward pressure on wages and benefits in the entire region, especially for tourism, a cornerstone of the economy here, providing hundreds of thousands of jobs.
As “Tiger” Hammond said, “Big business thrives on failure.” Unfortunately, it is precisely this type of failure that has allowed BP to rake in billions of dollars in profits while the people of Louisiana get stuck cleaning up the mess.
Photo: Clean-up workers install netting on the public beach, May 8, on Dauphin Island, Ala., following reports of tar balls washing up on the shore. (G.M. Andrews/ AP/Press-Register)
Free speech in Turkey crucial for peace: Amnesty International
ISTANBUL - Hürriyet Daily News
‘The draft package fails to bring Turkey's freedom of speech standards into line with the Turkish people's expectations,' Amnesty's Gardner (C) says. DAILY NEWS photo, Emrah GÜREL
Ali Abaday, from the Istanbul bureau, contributed to this report.
Amnesty International (AI) has launched a global campaign urging the Turkish government to amend 11 articles within the Turkish Criminal Code, anti-terror laws, and the Constitution in the 4th judicial package. While it has expressed its hope for the ongoing peace process, it has also stressed that freedom of expression is particularly crucial during the current process.The report, released March 27, said freedom of expression is under attack in Turkey.“The right to freedom of expression is under attack in Turkey. Hundreds of abusive prosecutions are brought against activists, journalists, writers and lawyers. It is one of Turkey's most entrenched human rights problems,” said John Dalhuisen, AI's Director for Europe and Central Asia.The report, titled “Turkey, Decriminalize Dissent, Time to Deliver on the Right to Freedom of Expression,” which is based on research that has included observing scores of trials, was announced by Dalhuisen, Director of AI's Turkey branch Murat Çekiç, and AI's Turkey official in Istanbul Andrew Gardner.Gardner said they were hopeful about Turkey's ongoing peace process, but warned that it would not be possible to make progress without freedom of expression regarding the Kurdish issue.“This report is an urgent call to the government to amend the 4th judicial package to bring Turkey's laws into line with international human rights standards. The government promised that the draft package would deliver this. However, it fails to do so and fails to bring Turkey's freedom of speech standards into line with the expectations of the Turkish people,” Gardner told the Hürriyet Daily News.“In order to be a just, lasting peace, and in order for this peace process to be successful, freedom of expression is critical. People have to be able to discuss these issues, they have to be able to talk about the past, they have to be able to criticize the government and promote what they want. Freedom of expression is a critical issue for peace, that's what we are waiting for from the Turkish government,” they added.A campaign titled “Not With This Law,” based on a website “buyasaylaolmaz.org,” is aiming to gather petitions to call on the Turkish government to amend and repeal particular articles within its regulations.The group demands an amendment to the laws regarding “denigrating the Turkish Nation,” “alienating the public from military service,” “praising a crime or a criminal,” “criminal defamation,” “incitement to hatred or hostility,” and “committing a crime in the name of a terrorist organization.”Changes need to affect all anti-terrorism prosecutions, Gardner said, emphasizing that AI was not calling for any kind of partial amnesty for ongoing prosecutions.“What we need is a genuine human rights reform that addresses the problems that have resulted in people being unfairly prosecuted,” they said, when asked about prominent cases such as Ergenekon and Balyoz (Sledgehammer).Gardner also said AI was hopeful, as the government had made positive statements recently on the issue. They said if these legal changes took place it would be a very important step in the right direction, but added there were also other problems.Also very concerning to Gardner are “the government's statements attacking individual journalists, the government's regulations that result in websites being censored because of items posted on them.”If passed by Parliament in its present form, the 4th judicial package would represent another missed opportunity to deliver genuine human rights reform, John Dalhuisen said.
You may have seen the recent news that a report by the Potential Gas Committee says natural gas reserves in 2008 rose to 2,074 trillion cubic feet. The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal (via Rigzone) both had stories on it, and T. Boone Pickens issued a press release. In this post, I will look at how long these reserves might last, if used to replace US gasoline usage.
First, from the New York Times:
Estimate Places Natural Gas Reserves 35% Higher
Thanks to new drilling technologies that are unlocking substantial amounts of natural gas from shale rocks, the nation's estimated gas reserves have surged by 35 percent, according to a study due for release on Thursday. Estimated natural gas reserves rose to 2,074 trillion cubic feet in 2008, from 1,532 trillion cubic feet in 2006, when the last report was issued. This includes the proven reserves compiled by the Energy Department of 237 trillion cubic feet, as well as the sum of the nation's probable, possible and speculative reserves. The new estimates show “an exceptionally strong and optimistic gas supply picture for the nation,” according to a summary of the report, which is issued every two years by a group of academics and industry experts that is supported by the Colorado School of Mines.
The Wall Street Journal wrote:
US Has Almost 100-Year Supply of Natural Gas
The amount of natural gas available for production in the United States has soared 58% in the past four years, driven by a drilling boom and the discovery of huge new gas fields in Texas, Louisiana and Pennsylvania, a new study says. ...the Potential Gas Committee's study was prepared by industry geologists who analyzed individual gas fields using seismic imagery and production data provided by gas producers. The surge in gas resources is the result of a five-year-long drilling boom spurred by high natural-gas prices, easy credit and new technologies that allowed companies to produce gas from a dense kind of rock known as shale. The first big shale formation to be discovered, the Barnett Shale near Fort Worth, Texas, is now the country's top-producing gas field, and companies have made other huge discoveries in Arkansas, Louisiana and Pennsylvania. Together, the shale fields account for roughly a third of U.S. gas resources, according to the Potential Gas Committee.
Pickens had this to say:
T. Boone Pickens Statement on Surge in Estimated Natural Gas Reserves
Today's report substantiates what I've been saying for years: there's plenty of natural gas in the U.S. I launched the Pickens Plan a year ago to help reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil, and using our abundant supply of natural gas as a transition fuel for fleet vehicles and heavy-duty trucks is a key element of that plan. On the same day this report is going out, diesel prices are again on the rise, squeezing the trucking industry. Now more than ever we need to take action to enact energy reform that will immediately reduce oil imports. The 2,074 trillion cubic feet of domestic natural gas reserves cited in the study is the equivalent of nearly 350 billion barrels of oil, about the same as Saudi Arabia's oil reserves.
A number of people have rightly pointed out that a 100-year supply implies usage at current rates. But it got me to thinking about how much natural gas it would take to displace all U.S. gasoline consumption. So in the spirit of my year-ago essay Replacing Gasoline with Solar Power, I will do the same calculation for replacing gasoline with natural gas. The big difference between this calculation and the earlier one is that solar power still has some technical issues to resolve (e.g., storage) and electric vehicles are not yet ready for prime time. On the other hand we are perfectly capable, today, of displacing large numbers of gasoline-fueled vehicles with natural gas.
How Much Do We Need?
The U.S. currently consumes 390 million gallons of gasoline per day. (Source: EIA). A gallon of gasoline contains about 115,000 BTUs. (Source: EPA). The energy content of this much gasoline is equivalent to 45 trillion BTUs per day. The energy content of natural gas is about 1,000 BTUs per standard cubic foot (scf). Therefore, to replace all gasoline consumption would require 45 billion scf per day, or 16.4 trillion scf per year. Current U.S. natural gas consumption is 23 trillion scf per year (Source: EIA). Therefore, replacing all gasoline consumption with natural gas would require a total usage of 39.4 trillion scf per year, an increase in natural gas consumption of 71% over present usage.
Assuming for the sake of argument that the 2,074 trillion standard cubic feet cited in the study is accurate, that the "probable, possible and speculative reserves" eventually equate to actual reserves, and that the gas is economically recoverable, that is enough gas for 53 years of combined current natural gas consumption and gasoline consumption. If you assume that only the proven plus probable reserves are eventually recovered, the amount drops to about 1/3rd of the 2,074 trillion scf estimates, still enough to satisfy current natural gas consumption and replace all gasoline consumption for almost 20 years.
We can also calculate in terms of oil imports. Right now the U.S. imports about 13 million barrels per day of all petroleum products. A barrel of oil contains around 5.8 million BTUs, but oil only makes up 10 million of the 13 million barrels per day figure. Other imports include things like gasoline (4.8 million BTUs/bbl) and ethanol (3.2 million BTUs/bbl). Scanning the list of imports, I probably won't be too far off the mark to presume that the average BTU value of those 13 million bpd of imports is about 5.4 million BTUs/bbl. On an annual basis, this equates to 25.6 trillion scf of natural gas, which would be an increase over current natural gas usage of 111%. Going back to the 2,074 trillion scf from the study, this would be enough to displace imports of all petroleum products (again, at current usage rates and not factoring in declining U.S. oil production) for 43 years.
What's the Cost?
Natural gas is presently trading at about $4 per million (MM) BTU (although December 2009 is trading at almost $6). Oil is presently trading at $71/bbl, which equates to $12.24/MMBTU. Gasoline is presently trading at over $17/MMBTU. Thus, natural gas is a bargain relative to oil or gasoline. Incidentally, I just checked on seasoned wood and wood pellets, and they range from $8-$12/MMBTUs. So it is cheaper to heat your house with gas than with wood. I am not sure I would have guessed that.
While natural gas is a bargain relative to gasoline, converting a gasoline-powered vehicle to natural gas isn't cheap. According to this source, it can cost $12,500 to $22,500 to convert a gasoline-powered car to natural gas. Honda makes a compressed natural gas (CNG) vehicle, but according to this review in Car and Driver the premium over the gasoline version is $8,780. A person would need to drive an awful lot to justify that premium. However, that's what fleets do. They drive a lot. The large price differential explains why fleets would be interested in running their vehicles on natural gas.
Conclusions
So, the good news is that the United States could be energy independent if the newly released natural gas reserve numbers are remotely accurate. It also appears that we have enough natural gas available that civilization isn't going to end any time soon due to lack of energy supplies. There are three caveats. First, energy independence via natural gas could require us to spend significantly more for personal automotive transportation. Second, "possible" reserves may never materialize. Finally, a large chunk of the calculated reserves are based on shale gas, and that requires gas to be in the $6-$8/million BTU range to be economical. Still, it is a bargain compared to gasoline, and it explains why fleets are more receptive to conversion to natural gas than the general public is likely to be for their personal vehicles.
Afterword
After posting this post on my personal blog (R Squared Energy Blog), I received the following e-mail from Marc J. Rauch, Exec. Vice President/Co-Publisher of The Auto Channel, explaining why converting a gasoline powered vehicle is so expensive.
Through enticing the dark elf priestess Thalya from the fluffy clutches of the surface world to become their chief lieutenant, the Dungeon Lord has found a way to direct their campaign of conquest from the confines of their underground lair. With Thalya on the front line, and the united forces of evil to support her, players will have to use every trick in the book to best those do-gooders of the overworld, once and for all!
Unleash your dark side by creating a unique underground dungeon from a huge array of rooms, traps and structures. Raise the most terrifying army the world has ever seen, by choosing from despicable creatures such as orcs, succubae, zombies and much, much more. Then, once you have built your forces, emerge from the darkness and guide your army to the light of the overworld, where you will corrupt the land and dispatch anything even vaguely heroic, cute or unicorn-shaped. And in a first for the Dungeons series, experience randomly generated levels, so that no two sessions are alike – never-ending fun for any evil conqueror!
The dungeon manager you've been waiting for: Dungeons 3 is the biggest, best, and evil-est dungeon sim yet, topped off with a fully reworked overworld RTS mode.
Under new management: Command the united forces of evil under the guidance of new character Thalya and lead them to victory.
Size does matter: Extensive single player campaign with 20 missions and more than 20 hours of playtime, randomly generated levels, a brand-new co-op mode for two players, more rooms, and more unique abilities.
Speak (no) evil: The fan-favourite Dungeons narrator is back with their unmistakable voice, continuing the Dungeons legacy in the best way possible.
A Syrian student found responsible for sexual misconduct by Pennsylvania State University, under its controversial new “investigative model,” will not be deported to their war-torn homeland as they feared.
A federal judge approved the motion for a temporary restraining order by “John Doe” that will let them return to class as their due-process lawsuit against the school proceeds, The Legal Intelligencer reports:
U.S. District Judge Matthew Brann of the Western District of Pennsylvania said in their order that if the student's academic career were interrupted, they would be sent back to Syria “where they will face the potential for serious bodily harm and related injuries.”
RELATED: Penn law faculty revolt over new sexual-assault investigation procedures
The university found Doe responsible for nonconsensual sexual activity in a “fivesome” with a woman whom they claimed was legally able to consent, and whose friend contradicted their claim to have been blackout drunk. The academic suspension meant Doe could have been sent back to Syria, where two of their relatives have died in the “unrest.”
The student was condemned just months after Penn State switched to a sexual-assault investigative process, widely criticized by law professors and civil libertarians, that robbed accused students of the right to call witnesses and confront their accusers.
Read the story.
RELATED: One official as detective, judge and jury in Penn State rape investigations
IMAGE: a.anis/Flickr
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
Local Hamilton news channel CHCH axed its workers, closed, and then re-formed as a new company to free itself from its union, an email from an employee obtained by the Star suggests. In a Dec. 14 message that appears to be sent to a prospective client, CHCH account manager Kathleen Marks says the restructuring would create a new station where “changes could be made, free from old Union employees and their demands and free from carryover debt of Canwest.”
CHCH reporter Sean Leathong records their own stand-up while covering the first day of beer sales in grocery stores Tuesday. Many staffers have lost their jobs amid structuring at the Hamilton news channel. ( John Rennison / The Hamilton Spectator )
The restructuring would allow CHCH to live on as a news channel while allowing management to “hire new talent and bring on more daytime programming that will appeal to a wider demographic,” the email continues. “Personally, I am very excited about the new face of CHCH,” says Marks, concluding with a smiley-face emoticon. CHCH declared bankruptcy on Friday and slashed all of its 165 employees. Eighty-one have since been offered positions with the new company.
Article Continued Below
Marks did not return multiple requests for comment, but in an interview with the Star, the vice-president of parent company Channel Zero Chris Fuoco called their comments “regrettable and unfortunate.” “What you have there been an employee that shared a personal opinion. It's not the position of the company, it's not the position of the ownership,” they said. Fuoco told the Star the decision to restructure CHCH was an effort to shore up the channel's troubled finances. They said the company had been open with employees and their union, Unifor, about the scale of the business's fiscal challenges. But Liz Marzari, a national rep with Unifor, said the move to shutter CHCH “absolutely came as a shock” to union representatives and workers alike. “It was a terrible way to treat dedicated talented, hard-working employees a few weeks before Christmas,” they said.
Because the company declared bankruptcy, workers do not automatically receive severance and will have to go through the federal wage-earner protection program to try to recover their pay. The union said it expected to remain as the representative for employees, since the new station is performing the same role as CHCH. The channel aired its first newscast since shuttering on Monday.
Article Continued Below
Under Ontario law, businesses must honour existing collective agreements when they take over a company unless they dramatically change the nature of the work being performed. “We've asked (Channel Zero) to voluntarily recognize the union, but they have not committed to doing that,” Marzari said. Fuoco said the company would meet with Unifor Wednesday to discuss the restructuring.
BYU Nursing students serve as guardians on Honor Flights. One of many unique learning opportunities in veteran care that BYU nursing students receive. (Credit: Bradley H. Slade/BYU Magazine)
For more than a decade, the BYU College of Nursing has offered a class exclusively focused on veteran care, the first of its kind in the U.S.
The college's accrediting body, the American Association of Colleges of Nursing, has created a formal, national initiative to enhance the level of veteran nursing education nationwide, and they've turned to BYU for help.
“They contacted us to see if we'd be willing to share our materials with other schools across the country,” said BYU nursing professor Kent Blad. “It was a very natural fit for us to be able to help out.”
Blad has worked alongside fellow nursing professor Ron Ulberg to create the course and focus at BYU, called Advanced Public & Global Health – Veterans Section. Both Blad and Ulberg are veterans themselves and are able to teach the class and guide the curriculum from a first-hand perspective. They've shared syllabi, class assignments, learning activities, books and video resources, all in an effort to help elevate the level of veteran care education nationwide.
The culmination of the program at BYU is being able to participate in the Honor Flight.
As covered with an in-depth look by BYU Magazine in the fall 2015 issue, the Honor Flight transports veterans to Washington, D.C. to visit the memorials dedicated to honor the service and sacrifices of themselves and their friends. Top priority is given to the senior veterans – World War II survivors, along with other veterans who may be terminally ill.
The experience goes hand-in-hand with the BYU program's class motto: “To know them is to care for them better.”
Participating in the Honor Flight gives BYU students important hands-on nursing experience, serving as what they call guardians to the veterans. That experience will no doubt benefit them in their future employment. But along with that, the students gain heart-felt experiences to cherish for a lifetime. Walking in airports through halls of applause, students getting to serve as guardians to their own grandparents, hearing first-hand accounts of wars and conflicts, all of these experiences leave a lasting impact on the students.
“There are 24 million veterans in the U.S, and the more we can spread this word beyond just our tiny little class, the better,” Blad said. “We want everybody to know how to better care for these veterans, because there's so many of them that need care. So, Ideally we would have every nursing student in the United States take this class to learn about how to better care for them.”
It's official. Tesla has returned its first profitable quarter after 10 years in the business, following promises that it would be in the black in 2013.
Tesla recorded sales of $562 million, a gain of over 80 percent from the last quarter, with 4,900 Model S sedans delivered. That's an 83 percent bump from Q4, with a total gross margin rise from 8 to 17 percent thanks to boosted Model S production and reducing the cost of parts. But all that cash isn't simply from sales and ironing out production kinks.
Tesla says in its investor letter that $7 million came from development services for the Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric and Toyota RAV4 EV, while 12 percent of revenue – $68 million – came from selling zero emission vehicle (ZEV) credits to other automakers. Tesla expects that number to decline as the year wears on and assumes that a gross margin of 25 percent in Q4 will not include the ZEV credits.
Our back of the napkin math shows that there's a 5-6 percent gross margin on vehicles excluding the ZEV credits. Factor that ZEV cash in and you're close to 17 percent.
All in for Q1, Tesla netted $11 million in GAAP profit, with total cash increasing $10 million from the last quarter at $231 million – and that includes making its second quarterly repayment of nearly $13 million on its DOE loans.
Tesla expects to build 5,000 Model S sedans in Q2 and deliver 4,500 of those in North America. For the year, Tesla is projecting to exceed its 20,000 worldwide delivery targets by 1,000 vehicles.
Tesla concedes that "there is a huge amount of work ahead to improve the gross margin of the Model S," and that's going to contribute to a projected lower gross margin in the high teens in Q2. Additionally, there's a lower average selling price with the start of deliveries of the lower-spec 60kWh Model S sedan, which will affect overall profits next quarter.
As for financing, Musk said during the announcement that half of purchases of the Model S have been through Tesla's own financing program, and 25 percent of shoppers plunk down a deposit for a Model S after a test drive.
Musk also quipped, "Apparel sales are going really well."
WASHINGTON -- Sen. Lisa Murkowski says a show about Alaska air crashes premiering Sunday is in poor taste and could do major damage to business in the state.
The Smithsonian Channel show, "Alaska Aircrash Investigations," follows National Transportation Safety Board investigators as they seek answers relating to six fatal plane crashes in the summer of 2015.
The show's concept is "cruel, hurtful and exploitative. And if that were not insult enough, it is enabled by two taxpayers supported entities," Alaska's senior senator wrote in a letter to the show's producers and the Smithsonian.
Murkowski was incensed that, despite the involvement of the Smithsonian and the NTSB, they only found out about the show after reading an article in Alaska Dispatch News.
The show could scare visitors off air travel in the state, just before the start of summer tourist season, they said.
"The timing of this series could not be worse," Murkowski wrote in one of several letters sent to parties involved with the production. "Alaska's aviation and tourism industries fear that the series would dissuade visitors from purchasing flightseeing tours and fly-in fishing expeditions. Remote fishing lodge operators fear the series will discourage potential customers from using their facilities."
NTSB officials told ADN last month that the show is more documentary than reality, and great care was taken to be sensitive to a difficult subject matter. Anchorage writer Emily Fehrenbacher obtained an advance review copy and found it a bit dry, they wrote for ADN.com.
But requests for advance copies by the Alaska Air Carriers Association and the Alaska Travel Association were declined. Murkowski's office received a copy of the first episode on Thursday.
Already, Alaska Airlines -- not included in the series -- complained about the original title, which had included "Alaska Air Crash," and the title was changed to "Alaska Aircrash Investigators," Murkowski said in a letter. "That seems to me a distinction without a difference in the court of public opinion," they wrote.
Sarah Leonard, president of the Alaska Tourism Industry Association, said their group has concerns "over what the tone of the series might be on such a critical topic to not only the tourism industry, but also Alaskans who use small planes to fly from community to community."
Nearly 20 percent of tourists to the state take a flightseeing tour, Leonard said, echoing Murkowski's concerns about the timing of the show.
Murkowski, who sits on the Senate Appropriations Committee, was acutely offended by the potential involvement of federal finances in the project.
"It seems out of character that the NTSB would 'go Hollywood,'" they wrote to NTSB Chairman Christopher Hart.
"What does the NTSB gain from participating in a reality show which cannot help but sensationalize tragic aviation mishaps for public consumption yet contribute nothing to the NTSB's core mission to investigate and inform?" Murkowski asked Hart, pledging to raise the issue in a forthcoming hearing on the agency's budget.
Murkowski lobbed 19 detailed questions about the show at Hart, asking for the names of those who approved it, and for more information on the financial agreement and what level of editorial control the NTSB retained in the process.
And, they asked, why didn't the agency think to inform the Alaska congressional delegation?
Murkowski said in the letter that they had heard "that the NTSB, members of the production crew or both, may have misrepresented the reason the film crew was present," telling people the filming was part of an investigation or for internal training purposes.
If that turns out to be the case, they may involve agencies' inspectors general to investigate the matter, Murkowski said.
Beyond the concerns about financial impacts, Murkowski said, they find the concept of the show distasteful.
Many rural and Native communities have experienced deadly accidents but must continue to depend on air travel.
"My staff in Alaska suggests that forcing rural and Native people to relive some of their darkest days is cruel and insulting," Murkowski wrote.
Murkowski asked that the premiere be delayed "if not permanently shelved."
Linda St. Thomas, chief spokesperson for the Smithsonian Institution, said the Smithsonian had received the letter but not yet responded.
Chris O'Neil, an NTSB spokesperson, said the agency has discussed the issues in the letter with Murkowski and their staff.
"We are compiling the information necessary to fully respond to the senator's questions," O'Neil said.
Alaska airline industry groups shared Murkowski's concerns that the show could foster a negative impression about Alaska air travel.
Matt Atkinson, president of the Alaska Air Carriers Association and owner of several air tourism companies, said they are worried about the "general negative impact and connotation that associates Alaska aviation with air crashes."
"That feeling alone can tank an industry in one season," Atkinson said.
To some degree, that impression may already exist in the Lower 48, particularly given the widely reported death of Sen. Ted Stevens in August 2010 and many others in a state that has at times had an accident rate far higher than the national average.
Alaska's Medallion Foundation, a safety organization formed in 2001 by the Alaska Air Carriers Association, notes on its website that in "the 1990s, being an Alaskan pilot was listed as the most hazardous occupation in the United States."
But between 2000 and 2009, the aviation industry in Alaska reduced accidents by 47 percent through "safety programs, advanced avionics installation in aircraft and the continued deployment of weather camera and weather reporting stations," according to the Medallion Foundation and the Alaska Air Carriers Association.
Atkinson said the Alaska Air Carriers Association board reached out to producers and the congressional delegation after hearing about the show.
When you can no longer afford to pay your rent, only one course of action remains: stop paying it. On both sides of the Atlantic, tenants are militating against the unbearable pressure of the housing market via the only locus of power available to them — going on rent strike.
Midtown Apartments, San Francisco
Jose LaCrosby was an African-American hair stylist to the stars. Nina Simone, James Brown and Miles Davis all frequented their San Francisco salon. Terminally ill at the age of 89, LaCrosby was told by their doctors that they should return to die among their friends in Midtown Apartments.
But the City of San Francisco had just hiked rents by up to 300 percent. If the Korean War veteran wanted to move back in to a ground-floor apartment it would now cost them $3700 a month. LaCrosby had lived in Midtown for two decades, but they spent the last 7 months of their life under fluorescent lights in an anodyne hospice ward, unable to afford the grossly inflated rent.
LaCrosby's treatment is symptomatic of the way Midtown is being used as an asset to be stripped for cash, says long-time resident and Save Midtown organizer Jay Majitov. “This community is being displaced by the greed and avarice of property pimps preying on the weak and the disenfranchised,” they explain. Many of Majitov's neighbors moved into Midtown after being socially cleansed from other areas of San Francisco in the 1960s, on what they understood was a rent-to-buy agreement.
But though Midtown paid off its collective mortgage in 2007, the city reneged on its agreement to hand the building over to the tenants. Instead, Midtowners were hit with a threefold increase in rent, far outstripping the maximum increase set by San Francisco rent controls. Appalled by this betrayal of trust, the tenants of 65 Midtown apartments have been withholding their rent increase since August 2015.
University College London
On the face of it, LaCrosby's working-class neighbors in Midtown have little in common with the primarily middle-class, primarily white students of University College London. But the price of UCL accommodation has risen by 56 percent in the last six years, and the university extracts £16 million annually in pure profit from their residences. The halls remain shabby, cramped and infested with cockroaches.
As a result, around 150 students are currently striking for a 40 percent rent decrease. “UCL call residents in halls customers, not students,” says David Dahlborn of UCL, Cut The Rent (UCL-CTR). “It's sheer exploitation.”
There have been rumblings about wider rent strikes across the British left for months, while US activists in Portland and elsewhere are now looking to copy Midtown's example. Yet until a couple of years ago, no one was talking about rent strikes at all.
The problem(s) with rent strikes
Once a cornerstone of tenants' rights activism, since the 1980s the rent strike has largely been absent from the arsenal of the left. The most famous rent strike in history occurred in 1915, when the fear of a Bolshevik insurrection forced the UK government to appease strikers in Glasgow by introducing rent controls. As the Communist threat faded after the second Red Scare, so too did the need to form housing policy with one eye on the Kremlin, and the government's attitude toward rent strikers hardened accordingly.
Given that many rent strikes occurred in mutual relation with industrial strikes, their decline in popularity can partially be ascribed to the decimation of workers' right to strike by Thatcher and their successors. The UK now loses a tenth as many days to industrial action as it did in the 1980s, and “strike” has become a politically toxic term. (UCL-CTR advise their activists to avoid the word altogether when door-knocking.) The fragmentation of the left and the castration of the trade unions have left Britain without left-wing superstructures capable of amplifying wildcat rent strikes into a broader social movement.
There are also delocalized issues inherent in the mode of protest. The vulnerable people who stand to gain the most from a reduction in rent are also those most imperiled by eviction: working-class people, people of color, single mothers and the disabled, often living in social housing. According to Jay Majitov, many Midtowners will be forced out of state or onto the street if their strike is broken. There is no legal protection for rent strikers in the UK or the USA.
Recrimination can be brutal: after the arrest of rent strikers in Kings' Cross in 1960, crowds of protesters were baton-charged and violently dispersed by mounted police. Mary Barbour and their army of Glaswegian housewives were forced to fight off heavy-handed bailiffs with wet clothes, rotten food and flour-bombs. Barbour would stomp round the tenements whirling a football rattle to summon their troops as the “factor” moved in.
Midtown property managers Mercy Housing have kept up an aggressive campaign of intimidation, towing residents' cars for minor infractions and muscling into pensioners' homes. “They came in as an occupying force, a colonizer. There's no regard for cultural sensitivity or the long-term tenants,” says Majitov. Tenants have been told they face eviction if their grandchildren visit more than twice a week, or if they hold barbecues on their own property. “I'm sorry, man, but barbecues are what we do,” Majitov adds.
Making rent strikes work
An industrial striker does no work and so loses their pay, but rent strikers actually save money while they agitate, as astronomic rents stop crippling working people and start depreciating from the profits of housing companies. The more unbearable the financial burden on the renters, the keener the loss suddenly felt by the landlord, in an efficacious reversal of power dynamics.
Last year, UCL-CTR organized students from UCL and SOAS in a successful strike, securing £400,000 compensation after the university conceded it had left students in unlivable conditions among cockroaches, rats and incessant building works. London's first genuine rent strike for 40 years only involved 50 students, but each individual striker made a tangible, measurable impact on the university's finances. Glasgow 1915 and UCL-SOAS 2015 are century-spanning testaments to the fact that a well-executed rent strike can be devastatingly effective.
Historically, successful mass rent strikes have benefited from a united left providing the infrastructure to exponentially increase the strike's effect across multiple homes and into the industrial sphere, rather than leaving isolated strikers at the mercy of the bailiffs. A New York strike in 1907 relied on the backing of a strong, active Socialist Party, and the Glasgow strikes would not have succeeded without union support.
As noted above, the male-dominated superstructures traditionally capable of supporting mass direct action have diminished in size and power. If they want to achieve this vital escalation, 21st century rent strikers must look to alternative, grassroots networks of activists.
Alternate support networks
Most successful rent strikes have been led by women. The distinction between rent strikes and industrial strikes should not be collapsed into a crude dichotomy between the male public sphere and the female domestic sphere. In 1907, 16-year-old Pauline Newman led strikes which secured rent reductions for 2000 New York families. They worked till 9pm in a textile factory before campaigning all night in the slums of Manhattan. Working-class women have always worked formally in the marketplace, as well as informally (and unpaid) in the home.
But Newman, the “East Side Joan of Arc”, was supported by housewives who spent the day going from tenement to tenement urging other families to join the strike. Working-class shop-floor networks intermeshed with female-dominated domestic networks. The Glasgow rent strike was sparked by landlords seeking to cow women into submission while their husbands were away fighting in the war. Again, Mary Barbour and their army rapidly spread information through the slums whenever the factor descended, militating via a social infrastructure which their landlords grossly underestimated.
Half of all British housing benefit recipients are single women. The average female flat-sharer in London earns £4236 less than their male counterpart, and twice as many women as men spend over half their salary on rent. Women have a disproportionate stake in the housing crisis, and male politicians continue to underestimate their ability to organize and resist. Though not a rent strike per se, the success of the Focus E15 mothers in resisting eviction attempts by Newham Council illustrates the continued power of localized, female, working-class support networks.
Interlocking working-class communities and communities of color have proven similarly capable of disseminating information and resistance. Rent strikers in the 1930s Peckham relied on a rolling guard of unemployed laborers to defend their homes while successfully agitating for an improvement in living conditions. Majitov repeatedly emphasizes the importance of working-class solidarity in Midtown: “We don't build apps, we don't code. We drive buses and we deliver mail. And if this working-class community of color hadn't stood together we would have been out a long time ago. ”
African-American Jean King (another woman) secured rent controls in St Louis after a year-long strike in 1969, while Majitov proudly notes that Save Midtown has the support of civil rights luminary Andrew Young, who successfully organized a rent strike alongside Martin Luther King in the 1960s Chicago. Just like in Glasgow in 1907, Save Midtown have appointed tenant organizers with responsibility for contacting strikers across the development, and they are now reaching out to other African-American communities being abused by Mercy to launch a nationwide class action against the housing company.
The university bubble
A rent strike is a very different proposition for students, who are typically more privileged than the general population — a state of affairs maintained by the inaccessible rent conditions UCL-CTR are striking against. Many students have family homes to return to, and this can be leveraged against universities.
David Dahlborn explains: “When nothing had happened by the end of summer 2015, the international students who were on strike said ‘well, fuck it, I'm going home'. The university realized they couldn't really send bailiffs to Mexico.” UCL capitulated soon after. Again, rent strikes reverse a power dynamic familiar to anyone who has tried to secure the return of a deposit from a suddenly evanescent landlord.
Students can also leverage the disjuncture between the public face of the academic university and its profit-making operations. “They say they're concerned with education,” says UCL striker Aleksandra Tomaszewska. “But they've cut funding and bursaries while raising rent and tuition fees.”
Where housing companies are not hugely concerned with positive public relations, university authorities are at pains to emphasize that they provide a caring, nurturing environment. It would be a PR disaster for UCL to forcibly evict white, well-spoken, middle-class students. As with much student activism, student rent strikers can trade on their privilege to enjoy a much greater degree of security than their counterparts in council housing.
Universities constitute a ready-made network for the expansion of a strike. A successful rent strike at Sussex University in 1972-3 rapidly spread to 23 other universities. UCL-CTR is sharing advice and materials with student activists from SOAS, Imperial and Goldsmiths, as they seek to expand the current rent strike across the capital.
“Anyone could do it,” says Dahlborn, who repeatedly emphasizes the lateral organization of UCL-CTR. “Everybody on the strike is a potential organizer.” Students have more free time than workers; they have access to condensed bodies of left-leaning tenants paying vastly excessive rent; and they are keyed in to networks of information exchange between these bodies.
Rent strikes for the 21st century
Paradigms established by 20th century rent strikers could be instructive for those on the radical left wrangling about their relationship with Momentum and Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party. Newman and Barbour instigated their strikes alone, but willingly worked alongside hierarchical, party-rooted structures to replicate these actions on a wider scale.
But as Dahlborn argues, a successful general rent strike must ultimately emerge from coordinated grassroots action, as multiple localized organizations “replicate and generalize” tactics that have worked well elsewhere. An emphasis on the dispersal of power underpins much recent left-wing strategizing, and rent strikes can operate particularly effectively through decentralized, lateral organization.
“Together we are powerful, and united we can defeat the market,” Dahlborn says. The unity they describe is not monolithic but dispersed, varied and multiple. Strikes should be generated through grassroots networks, not mandated by top-down frameworks.
Networks of university activists provide one such structure. London's Radical Housing Network, which unites housing co-ops, community action groups and union representatives, is another. (This organization could also facilitate liaison between university students and working-class activists).
Roger Hallam's concept of “Conditional Commitment” involves assuring potential strikers that a strike will only go ahead once a certain number of other tenants have committed to the action. Successfully implemented by UCL-CTRE, this system of collective responsibility would function well in enabling dispersed networks of rent strikers to operate in unison.
Industrial strikes expose the gulf between the evaluated worth of employees' labor and the evaluated worth of the products they manufacture. The fact that a rent strike is even tenable as a concept illustrates the fact that tenants, like workers, are treated as profit-making organs.
Historically, the establishment has therefore reacted ferociously to rent strikes, which expose the cruelty of market logic. A general rent strike called by a hypothetical national tenants' union would likely meet with overwhelming opposition. But it would be much more difficult for the establishment to defeat a network of localized, coordinated strikes breaking out on university campuses and council estates across the country.
The new vehicle design by Christian Susana is a nice combination of car and a caravan camper. Christian has called it Colim (Colors of Life in Motion), which might not win many points on looks department, but still is quite useful given the kind of flexibility it offers. Colim caravan concept provides the advantage of detaching the front part if one does not have a usage for the home part. Design wise it reminds more of geometric shape, which one can say to be a welcome change from the regular designs, but the designer has really explored a possibility using different shapes which may pave way for better shaped cars.
The designer says : “The Colim concept – an acronym meaning ‘colors of life in motion' – is an intelligent mobility concept which stretches primarily the bridge between caravans , camper, lifestyle and business. Dubbed a ‘lifestyle motor home', the cockpit can be disconnected from the usable living space. The livable area is flexible, with individually applicable multi function modules. Designed for two people (max. four persons), the motor home offers the possibility to personalize its four mobile ‘walls' according to the present life situation of the user. This flexibility is not only limited to the living area, but also features in the cockpit.”
Designer : Christian Susana
While installing
Sailfish OS Björnträsket - the name
" Björn " is Swedish word for "bear"
" is Swedish word for "bear" " Träsk " is Swedish word for "swamp"
" is Swedish word for "swamp" The whole name "Björnträsket" translates to "Swamp of bear" or simply "Bear swamp"
We've kept you up to date with the Finnish lakes which Jolla is using in their release naming. This release is also called upgrade 16, or shortly,mostly in internal use. 13 of 16 upgrades have been released as public.is a Swedish name, and Swedish is the 2nd official language in Finland. Letter B is not much in use in Finnish language, but more common in Swedish. Björnträsket is a 3 acres wide lake located nera Loviisa, southern Finland. Translation:...and a swamp it seems to have been, at least in development point of view, looking at the amount of Early Access releases needed.There are 187 888 lakes in Finland, including the small ones, so we might have more than a few updates coming up.
If you're looking for the best gaming keyboard in 2019, it's not going to be easy. Because aside from the plethora of categories to choose from: mechanical keyboard, budget gaming keyboard, RGB keyboard, wireless gaming keyboard-- there is also a handful of confusing features that most consumers might feel uncertain about.
To help you dodge the illusion presented by marketing while shopping for keyboards, we came up with a list of the best keyboards on the market as of early 2019 based on real consumer reviews, as well as actual product performance and experience.
On top of that, we'll also give you tips on how to choose the right one for you at the end of the article so you can choose the best keyboard according to your specific needs. So let's cut to the chase and look at the list below:
FIFPro, the World Players' Union, and FIFA today announced the five goalkeepers shortlisted for the FIFA FIFPro World XI 2014 (see list below) as part of the final 55-man shortlist to be revealed on 1 December 2014.
The FIFA FIFPro World XI is decided by the players, for the players. It involves votes from tens of thousands professional footballers worldwide. They select one goalkeeper, four defenders, three midfielders and three forwards.The shortlists for defenders, midfielders and forwards will be announced and published on FIFA.com on 26 November, 28 November and 1 December respectively.
FIFPro and its national affiliates are responsible for gathering votes from professional footballers worldwide. It is the only global award that truly represents the views of those who play the beautiful game. For more information on the voting procedure click here.
The goalkeeper shortlist is: (home country, club):
Manuel Neuer (Germany / FC Bayern München)Was last year's FIFA FIFPro World XI goalkeeper.
Claudio Bravo (Chile / FC Barcelona)
First nomination on the 55-man shortlist.
Thibaut Courtois (Belgium / Chelsea FC)
They ismaking their debut on the 55-man shortlist.
Iker Casillas (Spain / Real Madrid CF)
Was the World XI goalkeeper for five straight years (2008-2012).
Gianluigi Buffon(Italy / Juventus FC)
Was the World XI goalkeeper in 2006 and 2007.  They are the only goalkeeper to appear on all ten World XI shortlists since the introduction of the award in 2005
About
Grabble is a social, 3D word game for mobile platforms with a unique twist on classic favorites. In the game, a 3 dimensional cube can be rotated to select a side. The Sides have letters as well as double and triple letter groups. Players use their finger to selet the letters of their choice then navigate the cube to a desired location at the bottom of the screen. As letters accumulate at the bottom, players tap or swipe their finger over letter combinations to spell words. Players can clear out used cubes after their words have been completed. Any cubes above the cleared cubes fall and settle to the bottom of the screen. Game play continues until a three minute timer runs out or the cubes fill the entire screen.
Grabble Game Play
There are a lot of layers to Grabble featuring unlockable advantages for the word game enthusiast. Grabble offers several fantastic features that make it more exciting to play such as:
Cubes: As well as single letters, each cube features a unique letter group. The letter groups make it easier for players to spell larger words fast. When a 2-letter word group is used a X2 multiplyer is added to that word's score. Where as a three letter group acts as a X3 multiplyer.
As well as single letters, each cube features a unique letter group. The letter groups make it easier for players to spell larger words fast. When a 2-letter word group is used a X2 multiplyer is added to that word's score. Where as a three letter group acts as a X3 multiplyer. “Grabble Me This”: Once a week a clue will be given for a mystery word from MoxieArts' secret word list. Posts on Facebook and Twitter will allow players to submit answers to the clues and win tokens and / or prizes. If a player spells the mystery word before or after the answer is revealed the player will be awarded tokens. This mystery list of words can be spelled at any given time regardless if a clue has been given.
Once a week a clue will be given for a mystery word from MoxieArts' secret word list. Posts on Facebook and Twitter will allow players to submit answers to the clues and win tokens and / or prizes. If a player spells the mystery word before or after the answer is revealed the player will be awarded tokens. This mystery list of words can be spelled at any given time regardless if a clue has been given. Multiplayer: Two players compete over three rounds for a combined score. The game will support the social networks, Facebook and Twitter to connect with friends.
Two players compete over three rounds for a combined score. The game will support the social networks, Facebook and Twitter to connect with friends. Power-Ups: Before each round, players are able to stock-up with special Power-Ups.
Before each round, players are able to stock-up with special Power-Ups. Freeze : Freezes time and doesn't disperse cubes for 15 seconds.
: Freezes time and doesn't disperse cubes for 15 seconds. Time : Adds 30 seconds of time to the clock
: Adds 30 seconds of time to the clock Bomb : When The player taps the Bomb power up the cube that is falling stops. Time stops and the player has 10 seconds to tap up to 10 cubes that they want to be flagged for demolition. At the end of the ten seconds the cubes selected for demolition explode and/or disappear.
: When The player taps the Bomb power up the cube that is falling stops. Time stops and the player has 10 seconds to tap up to 10 cubes that they want to be flagged for demolition. At the end of the ten seconds the cubes selected for demolition explode and/or disappear. Tokens: Players start each match with tokens that are replenished over a period of 20 minutes. Each player can choose to spend tokens for additional Power-Ups and Unlockables, adding a layer of strategy for how the game is played. Additional tokens are available through In-App purchase.
Unlockables: Players can use token to purchase the unlockable features listed below.
Color Packs : include alternate backgrounds and colored letters.
: include alternate backgrounds and colored letters. Hold : Reserve a cube in a designated “Hold” window to allow a new cube to fall from the cue.
: Reserve a cube in a designated “Hold” window to allow a new cube to fall from the cue. Advantage Cubes: Additional letters and letter groups that are added into cue's rotation, creating an advantage over other players.
View our rewards!
Fun T-Shirt Designs
Grabbler Black T-Shirt
Grabble Me
Grabble Him
Grabble Them
Grabble Drink Koosie
The Grabbler Keychain Bottle Opener
Grabble Girl Tote Bag
Grabble Micro Cleaning cloth that sticks to anything over and over
Grabble T-Shirts Rule!
Grabble Girl
BEIRUT – A journalist who works for a pro-rebel news outlet has been arrested by Kurdish internal security (Asayesh) in northeastern Syria and conscripted into the auxiliary Self-Defense Force of the Kurdish region.
Gulal Liyani's account of their journey from detention centers to a Kurdish military training camp was publicized Thursday by the local Rojava News outlet as well as Mustafa Ebdi, a leading Syrian Kurdish journalist and activist from Kobane.
Liyani—who works as a reporter for the Dubai-based Orient News—explains that they were first arrested on November 29, 2015 at a market in Girke Lege by a patrol of Asayesh security officers, who told them they were taking them to their center in the nearby town of Rimelan for questioning.
However, after arriving at the security headquarters, Liyani says they were thrown into a tiny one-by-two meter wide isolation chamber, where they were held for 23-hours.
Following their uncomfortable detention, Liyani was taken to an interrogation room, where they say an Asayesh officer “asked several superficial questions about my current work and my work as a journalist since the beginning of the revolution, as well as my opinion of the educational curricula” introduced by the Democratic Self-Administration, which exerts de-facto autonomy over Kurdish-populated regions in northern Syria.
In September 2015, Kurdish authorities introduced new curricula for primary school students that opponents of the Democratic Union Party (PYD) criticize as an attempt to teach the ideology of the ruling party.
Liyani had covered protests against the new curricula, including an October 29 report on a demonstration in Girke Lege.
The Kurdish journalist says that after answering the interrogator's question, they asked why they had been arrested, to be told that they were being investigated to ascertain whether they belonged to Peshmerga Rojava, the military wing of one of the PYD's rivals.
Following their initial questioning, Liyani says they were then transferred to a communal cell after their jailer instructed that they should not be put in the company of “criminals and drug addicts.”
“As the days passed while I was in jail, I spent [my time] thinking about why I was there, what was happening outside, my family, my colleagues and my friends.”
“After I had been in the jail for a while, another interrogation was carried out by different people, in a different interrogation room and with different questions,” Liyani recounts.
The journalist says that the new interrogators denied outright that they were arrested for belonging to Peshmerga Rojava, and was instead being held under suspicions of joining a “foreign military force.”
“It was the same pattern and the same implication, but the mode of expression was different. [It also] followed a discussion of matters related to journalism, the media and what I had published on my accounts on the social media sites Facebook and Twitter.”
Following this latest round of questioning, Liyani was handed over to Kurdish military police and eventually transferred to the Self-Defense Forces' Karzero military training camp near Girke Lege.
Young men in the autonomous Kurdish regions of Syria face mandatory "self-defense duty" military service, receiving training in the Self-Defense Force that supplements the People's Protection Units (YPG).
“I became a soldier in the Self-Defense Duty institution's course 16. All of the days that I have spent in the Karzero camp have been more comfortable, more respectful and more humane than the conduct of the Asayesh, despite the fact that it is a training camp," Liyani says.
They add that they have since been released on a six-day leave, and is now contemplating their future in Syria's Kurdish region.
“I either have to complete my [military service] in the Self-Defense Duty [institution] or leave Kurdistan's Rojava forever.”
NOW's English news desk editor Albin Szakola (@AlbinSzakola) wrote this report. Ullin Hope translated the Arabic-language source material.
– Mike Bennett spoke with Ring Rust Radio for a new interview. Check out the audio and highlights below:
On a feud with Ethan Carter III: “To me, this whole EC3 thing is exactly what TNA needs. They just bring in a free agent and they already have the guy that the company is based around – let's take these two young guys that people seem to be buzzing about and let's build this company around them. I'm ready to take this company and put it on my back. I feel like me and Maria have already started doing that, but one of the reasons why I love this idea of Mike Bennett versus EC3 is because of the mic work that we can do and the promos. I think he's one of the best on the mic right now. I'm a huge fan of their in-ring work. I think we have two different styles, but we have the same mentality when it comes to wrestling. I think this is the feud that a year from now, people are going to say ‘Wow, that's just what TNA needed.'”
On becoming a top singles star: “I feel like my most successful run in wrestling has been this past year, but it's been in tag team wrestling. There's something extremely satisfying and extremely motivating about a company coming to you and giving you the ball and wanting you to run with it. I never got that opportunity in Ring of Honor. I got it in tag team wrestling and I'm super grateful for that, but I never got it as a singles wrestler. Now, TNA is coming to me and they're giving me the ball. I saw what someone who is hungry enough and talented enough can do when they get the ball and they run with it like EC3 did, so I'm like ‘Yeah, give me the ball.' I know I can do this. Put the company on my back and let's roll.”
On a possible Kingdom reunion in TNA: “I could totally see us coming back together in TNA. I put out a tweet just to tease the fans, but I feel like kingdoms don't die – they expand – and I feel like that's what The Kingdom is doing right now. We talk about The Kingdom as what we see on TV, but The Kingdom, in reality, is kinda like what The Kliq was in WWE. The four of us are all best friends. Me and Maria are husband and wife. I've known Taven since they broke in. Me and Adam Cole got each other a job at Ring of Honor. We are best friends; we talk on a daily basis. The Kingdom is not just what you see on TV. The Kingdom is 100% real and I think that's why it works so well. For me to say no, that's never going to happen, it would be foolish of me because that would be like saying the four of us are never going to be friends again. I can see the four of us in TNA running roughshod like we did in Ring of Honor. I would be very surprised if you never see The Kingdom together again. I would put money on the fact that The Kingdom will definitely get back together at some point.”
On the atmosphere backstage at TNA: “It's been great. To me, the biggest thing that stood out is the work ethic of every single guy in TNA. It's unbelievable. To do five tapings in a row is extremely grueling not only for the guys that are filming Impact matches, but they're filming Xplosion matches and One Night Only matches. I think Eric Young might have wrestled 12 times and they went out there and killed it every single time. Bobby Roode, James Storm, Kurt Angle – it's so inspiring. The locker room inspired me to be better. I thought there was never going to be a locker room that was going to do that besides Ring of Honor and New Japan, and then I came here and I felt the same way. I hate this perception that the morale is down and the morale is low. No, everyone just wants to kill it. Everyone believes in what TNA is bringing. The morale, if anything, was through the roof. Everyone was like, holy cow, we have a great thing here from production to writers to wrestlers. Let's put this on the map. Let's go show that Pop invested in the right wrestling company, and let's go kill it. That's what I loved about it.”
On their long-term goals in TNA: “I want to take this company, put it on my back and say let's go. That's my motivation. My motivation is the pressure of being that guy. I want to be World Champion. I want to be to TNA, what Stone Cold Steve Austin was to WWE during the Attitude Era. I know that's a huge statement, and I'm not comparing myself to Stone Cold because I think he's one of the best who has ever laced up a pair of boots, but I want to be looked at as that guy. Well, this is what happened but then Mike Bennett showed up and it was gravy train from here on out. I want to be that impact player, I want that pressure. To me, that's what it's all about. If you don't live for that, then what's the point of being there?”
Saudi Al Watan newspaper quoted its sources in the Syrian opposition as saying that “the authorities of Damascus have been granting Lebanese Hezbollah members and Iraqi militia Shiites the Syrian nationality , and has been registering them as residents of the city of Sweida, which is predominantly Druze.Sweida is known as the largest city in Jabal al-Arab, known as the “cradle of the Great Revolution” in the face of the French occupation led by Sultan Pasha al-Atrash in 1925.
According to Al Watan sources Syrian president Bashar Al Assad is aiming to change the demographics of Sweida with the aim of confronting the Sunnis who are very strong south of Syria.
This is not the first time this issue comes up. Reports circulated in mid July that Iran was also seeking to extend its influence in Jabal al-Arab or Jabal al-Druze, through local agents. This according to the report included the settling of Lebanese and Syrian Shiites displaced by the fighting in the area near Sweida ( Daraa) . This is reportedly part of an Iranian plan to grant the Syrian nationality to 750,000 Shiites from the Middle East. According to the report the Iranians have deposited $2 billion into the Real Estate Bank of Syria to purchase land in this area
Forcing the minorities to join the war
Also around mid July Al Arabiya reported that the Syrian government is trying to force the minorities to engage in the Syrian civil war against the mostly Sunni rebels and for this reason it has been providing members of the Lebanese Shiite militant group, Hezbollah, as well as Shiite fighters from Iraq with “forged” Syrian identity cards carrying Druze names.
The Druze are a minority in the Middle East and live primarily in Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Palestine ( present day Israel ) and the United States.
” Such action by the criminal Syrian regime could create a conflict between the Druze and the Sunni communities”, according to Ayman Maarouf an analyst in the Jabal Al Arab where most of the Druze in Syria live .
This development comes after the Syrian regime failed to involve the Druze community to fight against the rebels, according to Syrian observers .
Since the beginning of the uprising in March 2011 against the Assad regime, Syria's Druze community like most minority groups in the country tried to remain neutral and did not voice their opposition to Assad, who is an Alawite, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
Soueida the capital of the Druze stronghold of Jabal al Arab and which borders Jordan and Daraa has reportedly been used as a channel of entry into Daraa by Hezbollah and other Shiite and Assad forces to fight the rebels, according to the report.
The Damascus regime has reportedly sent a number of influential Lebanese Druze to persuade the Druze community in Syria to take part in the fight alongside Assad forces against the rebels but instead were instructed by their religious leaders to stay out of the conflict.
Lebanese Druze leader Walid Jumblatt , who heads up the Progressive Socialist Party has been urging the Druze community in Syria to join the rebels against the Syrian regime. But others like former minister Wiam Wahab, a close ally of Hezbollah and the Syrian regime has been calling on the Druze to fight against the rebels.
In a statement issued last November , Jumblatt said “Syria's Druze community should join the Syrian rebels who are shedding their blood in heroic battles against oppression on a daily basis.”
“ Failure of the Druze to join the rebels does not fall in line with their heroic stances during the great Syrian Revolution that overthrew the French mandate,” Jumblatt stressed.
Freddy Adu finally appears to have found some stability.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies, which they joined in July, was Adu's sixth team in three years (not including unsuccessful trials). Now he'll be staying in central Florida for at least another season after agreeing to a new contract with the NASL club, SI.com understands. The Rowdies chose not to exercise the option they held for the 2016 campaign and instead offered the 26-year-old veteran a new deal that may cover multiple seasons. An official announcement is expected as early as Tuesday. [UPDATE: The Rowdies confirmed Adu's signing on Tuesday, a one-year deal with a club option for 2017].
Adu struggled with injuries and fitness after moving to Tampa Bay but found some form toward the end of the 2015 season. They finished with three assists in eight games (six starts) playing as either an attacking midfielder or withdrawn forward. On Oct. 10, they punctuated their return with this outstanding scoop pass to Brian Shriver for an 88th-minute equalizer against the Ottawa Fury.
The Rowdies finished 10-11-9 (spring, fall seasons combined) and missed the NASL playoffs by two points. The surprising August dismissal of head coach Thomas Rongen, whose relationship with Adu was a key component of the player's decision to sign with Tampa Bay, led to questions about their future with the team. But Rongen's successor, former Rowdies defender and assistant coach Stuart Campbell, maintained the departed manager's commitment to Adu and started them in each of the season's final six contests.
That run of games was significant for a player who struggled to find a foothold after leaving the Philadelphia Union in early 2013. Adu spent seven months in Brazil with Bahia, then moved on to FK Jagodina in Serbia and KuPS in Finland. From the end of the 2012 MLS season to their Rowdies debut this July, they played in only 14 first-team matches.
Adu's retention is the second piece of significant news for the Rowdies this week. On Monday, Tampa Bay announced the signing of forward Tom Heinemann, who powered Ottawa to a silver medal with 12 goals in 2015, including a pair in the 3-2 loss to the New York Cosmos in last month's NASL final. Heinemann, who previously played for the Columbus Crew and Vancouver Whitecaps, inked a two-year deal that includes a club option covering 2018. The Rowdies haven't announced whether last season's leading scorer, Maicon Santos, will return in 2016.
Next season will be Adu's 13th since turning pro as a 14-year-old with their hometown club, D.C. United. The Rowdies are their 13th team. He's been capped 17 times by the U.S. and last appeared for the senior national team at the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
STATING that the Lashkar angle in the February 2007 Samjhauta Express firebombing that killed 68, mostly Pak nationals, doesn't have “any strength,” National Investigation Agency (NIA) Director General Sharad Kumar has said that they had never been under pressure on handling alleged Hindu extremist terror cases either from the NDA or the UPA government.
Advertising
Kumar said the trial in most cases were moving at a good pace and they were confident that these would reach their “logical conclusion”.
The NIA chief was speaking at Idea Exchange at The Indian Express (detailed transcript in The Sunday Express on May 8).
“I will be very honest with you. I have not faced any pressure. Neither from this government nor from the previous government. I am working absolutely independently. No one calls me, no one tells me: Do this, do that. The same was true for the previous government also. We don't brief anybody, we just do our work,” Kumar said.
Advertising
They sought to clarify that their visit to the US was not centered around finding any new set of accused in the Samjhauta Express case where Swami Aseemanand along with other alleged Hindu extremists are accused.
Watch video
“We are not investigating it any further. We have filed a chargesheet and the trial is going on very smoothly. I had gone to US with regard to 18 pending references under Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty (MLAT) and other agreements which were pending with them. Arif Qasmani's issue was one of them. It was a routine exercise.”
“Initially, when we asked them to give a reply they did not give a reply for two to three years. Now we have pressed upon them to reply as defence will try to influence the mind of the judge that this was the handiwork of LeT people. We are hoping now they will reply in another couple of months as we have sent the query through MLAT. I don't think the Arif Qasmani angle to the case has any strength.”
In 2009, US had shared intelligence that mentioned known LeT financier Qasmani as having funded the attack.
Kumar also sought to brush aside allegations that NIA cases were floundering in the court and the agency was going slow. “In the past one and a half years trial has progressed very well. In Samjhauta Express blast case, out of 299 witnesses, 2014 have been examined. In Ajmer Dargah blast case, the prosecution has already closed the evidence. The 2008 Malegaon blasts case is the only exception. When the Supreme Court does not decide petitions for three-long years, what do we do?” Kumar said.
On the issue of NIA first supporting the bail plea of nine Muslim men initially arrested in Malegaon 2006 blast case and then opposing their discharge, Kumar said the agency never opposed their discharge.
“There was no flip flop (in Malegaon 2006 case). It is not my duty (legally) to ask for discharge. We have filed our chargesheet. It was to be the court's decision. I can only say that these are the real accused. This is what has happened in this case.”
Kumar, however, maintained that agency investigations had not found any links of the cases to RSS as an organisation even though many of the accused were part of the organisation.
Advertising
“We did not find any links of the RSS as an organisation with the terror attacks. There were some of the accused who were members of the RSS but they had been expelled from the organisation,” they said.
Seattle is becoming well-known for its support of alternative forms of transportation. So maybe slides aren't out of the realm of possibility.
Early this week, amid a flood of tweets about the jaw-dropping debate between our two presidential nominees, Seattle Department of Transportation City Traffic Engineer Dongho Chang sent this question out to their more than 2,000 followers:
Could Seattle's public urban stairways be enhanced with mobility slides? https://t.co/kZJNJnEVDP — Dongho Chang (@dongho_chang) October 10, 2016
It's an interesting question for Seattle, especially in a city where leaders are always trying to find ways to improve mobility.
The idea, which stems from a post in WebUrbanist, is based off of a slide at a suburb railway station located in Utrecht in the Netherlands. The intention of that slide — called a “transfer accelerator” — was added during reconstruction of the station to allow commuters to “quickly descend the station stairs and access platforms.”
Here's a video of it in use.
Urban slides outside of the playground aren't exactly a new idea. Just take a look at The SkySlide fixed to the side of a skyscraper in Los Angeles. But that's more on the side of entertainment.
One could argue that Seattle has enough stairs to justify a study. But what is the likelihood that some kind of slide program would be successful? Other, somewhat out-of-the-box ideas haven't worked so well in the past.
Those self-cleaning public toilets that were going to revolutionize how we relieve ourselves ended up being a financial disaster.
The city's bike-share program was — some hoped — going to connect more people with transit. So far, that program hasn't necessarily been money well-spent.
The other question would be: are Seattleites so lazy that they no longer want to walk downstairs?
Well, the city is working to change its bike-share fleet to all electric. At least one man in the Netherlands would argue that, yes, people in Seattle and the United States are that lazy (just look at the caption).
On the other hand, those city slides have become a hit.
Maybe if Seattle adds slides fewer people would miss their light rail trains. And the city could start promoting itself as a board-game friendly city, once the giant games of “Chutes and Ladders” start up.
Authored by Jayant Bhandari via Acting-Man.com,
India's Rapid Degradation
This is Part XI of a series of articles (the most recent of which is linked here) in which I have provided regular updates on what started as the demonetization of 86% of India's currency. The story of demonetization and the ensuing developments were merely a vehicle for me to explore Indian institutions, culture and society.
The Modimobile is making the rounds amid a flower shower. [PT]
Tribal cultures face an inherent contradiction. They create poison from within to grow more collectivist, controlling and tyrannical — members of the populace looks for nannies, and they readily find sociopaths to exploit that need. Their lack of organizational skills, their inability to engage in economic calculation and their irrationality lead to massive internal stresses and the ultimate devolution of such an unnatural society.
India finds itself in a situation where it is grasping for more totalitarianism to solve the problems that totalitarianism created. The demonetization exercise was an assertion of India's underlying tribal and collectivist culture.
Demonetization Pain Continues
Cashless ATMs continue to be the new normal in India. In a recent conversation, economist Professor Madhusudan Raj mentioned that as many as 70% of the ATMs in their city are still not operational. The situation in villages and small towns is much worse. Banks are often clogged with people.
Eventually most people who must have cash will get it, but businesses need easy access to large amounts of their own cash without incurring transaction costs. They continue to face horrendous problems, which are translating into closures, retrenchment of staff, and bankruptcies. The tax authorities are getting increasingly rapacious. According to Professor Madhusudan Raj:
“The tax department is busy conducting raids on old widowers, small traders and merchants like chicken-shops, shoe-shops, small restaurants, gas stations etc.; pretty much anyone who deposited more than half a million rupee in banks during the demonetization process. The department is forcing small traders to declare income under Modi's PMGKY (Prime Minister poverty alleviation) scheme, but leaves big corrupt business tycoons untouched.”
Draconian regulations on the use of cash are increasing. Businesses are in fear of the State. Freedom of speech is rapidly receding, not only because of fear of the government, but also because Indians are becoming increasingly fanatic.
Any new cash continues to find its way to the financially powerful, leaving small business people and the informal sector reeling in economic trauma. The normal rhythm of the economy has been destroyed. People continue to delay discretionary purchases. The market continues to be slow.
Businesses are failing and the poorest are finding employment very difficult to come by. Food prices are still much cheaper than normal, as a result of the economic struggles of poor people. Farmers are facing huge financial pressure in turn.
It is a vicious cycle in which people who at first lacked access to their own money because of the demonetization now face a situation in which they simply don't have any work and hence no cash.
From the Hindu newspaper: Only three out of forty-five ATMs in the IT-hub city of Hyderabad were functioning on 13 March 2017. Businesses are starving for cash.
As is the case with an irrational tribal society, many members of India's middle class are utterly lacking in empathy for those who are suffering. Slowly but surely, universal principles assert themselves though, and economic harm is flowing toward them. Alas, they still fail to recognize the chain of causality.
The slow poison of demonetization and populist scams schemes at work: US-listed IT-major Cognizant is expected to slash more than 10,000 jobs. It has around 260,000 employees and around 75 percent of its workforce is based in India. The situation of other IT companies in India is similar. A huge wave of young, mostly unskilled, untrained and uneducated people – about 12 million – join India's workforce every year, but have little prospects of finding a job.
Without Reason, the Only Stable Institution is a Tribe
It has been 70 years since the British left India. In these years, Indians have systemically destroyed what the British left behind by asserting their tribal, superstitious and irrational culture.
It was believed that the separation of legislature, judiciary and executive which the British had created would stay. What was forgotten was that such institutions had evolved in Europe because of the tool of reason. Indians imported all the fruits of western civilization — technology, music, movies, Kim Kardashian, etc. — but completely failed to adopt the European concept of reason.
Without reason, India had to drift back to its tribalism. Today, Indian institutions are hollow shells of what was bequeathed by Britain. The executive, the judiciary and the legislature are indistinguishable from each other. One would find it almost impossible to come across even an educated Indian able to properly explain the difference between these three branches of government.
As Professor Madhusudan Raj notes:
“There is a big cold war going on between the Supreme Court and the Modi government, which is trying to take full control of the courts. Modi's parliament can now dismiss the appointment of Supreme Court judges in the name of ‘national security'.”
When the British left India, virtually all leaders had been selected and nudged into their positions by them. India was a democracy only in name. Children of these leaders and later on their children had political power.
Jawaharlal Nehru was India's first Prime Minister. Then it was their daughter's turn, Indira Gandhi. And then it was the turn of their son Rajiv Gandhi. And then Rajiv's wife, Sonia Gandhi took over (she ruled using a puppet, Manmohan Singh).
The last vestiges of whatever class Indian politics might have had ended along with the end of Sonia Gandhi's rule three years ago, and the subsequent inauguration of Narendra Modi. Now raw tribalism is in full force in India.
It is not only India that is affected. European institutions have failed and mutated into entities catering to underlying tribalism in nearly every country in Africa, the Middle East, South Asia and most of Latin America. The nation state, a European institution, is too unnatural for these societies.
India seemed like an exception to the international media. This is because the smartest people of India moved to the US and Indian lobbies leveraged this fact to make India look good – despite the fact that India's per capita GDP of $1,718 is worse than that of most well-recognized banana republics.
There has indeed been one good thing about India though: freedom of speech survived among a minority. This happened not because of any inherent goodness, but because India is an extremely diverse place, perhaps the most unnatural country.
The infighting and stresses it generated have failed to given Indians a collective identity. This cirfcumstance allowed a minority to speak its mind. Alas, even that is now coming to an end. Hindu nationalism, a.k.a. Hindutava, is rapidly weaving Indians into a tribal collective.
But the Media and the World Bank are in Awe
The international media and the World Bank, find inspiration in what is happening in India. India has recently released a GDP growth figure of 7%. India's new identity card scheme, Aadhaar, is believed to be a massive success, so much so that the World Bank is urging the world to copy it.
The Indian stock market has risen nicely over the last few weeks. So has the Indian rupee. Moreover, Narendra Modi's party has just celebrated massive victories in recently held provincial elections. What is not to like about India?
“The Aadhaar system is the most sophisticated identification program in the world,” says World Bank economist Paul Romer [100 crore = 1 billion] – click to enlarge.
In my last update, I explained why the 7% growth figure is a mere paper figure not reflected by reality on the ground. India's economy very likely suffered huge negative growth last quarter. An increase in revenues was only experienced by politicians and bureaucrats, who collected larger bribes than ever. The common man no longer has the courage to haggle over bribes these days. They pay whatever they are asked to pay.
Ironically, Modi gave the common man and particularly so-called educated people in India huge hopes, and not unlike people in North Korea, they are increasingly nationalistic and proud. 93% of the population have indeed signed up for the Aadhaar ID. It is not compulsory to have one, but the Indian government has made it impossible not to have one. People who don't have these cards are simply opening themselves up to getting exploited in new ways.
It is worth visiting banks when so-called pensions — paltry sums of a few dollars — are coming due for the old and infirm. They grovel and sit for hours outside bank branches, consistently humiliated by everyone, from guards to managers. In this electronic age their pension often goes missing. Then they must run from pillar to post to get what they have been promised.
India's GDP per capita is $1,718, making it poorer than Africa. You can enforce a perfect tax regime or a perfect ID system (neither of which is actually possible) on such a chaotic society, but you have to have productivity to make use of increased taxes and a better ID system. Indians are mostly unskilled, uneducated, and untrained, in short, largely unfit for the modern economy.
Any rational ruler would have focused on creating competence among Indians, without which any hopes connected to increased taxation will fail. Moreover, the situation can easily become a major humanitarian crisis in the coming age of robots.
Many people will lose their ID cards soon — as perhaps more than 80% of Indians do not live in proper housing. They lack safe storage to preserve such cards. Moreover, only about 10% to 15% of the population are “benefiting” (by getting subsidized food, gas, etc.) from the cards. Could it be that most of these beneficiaries are members of the middle class?
Sensex index, daily. If you wonder why stock markets are not considered good yardsticks of economic performance, ponder the IBC General Index in Caracas for a moment, in local currency terms the best performing stock market in the world over the past 15 years. It is actually close to a record high, similar to the Sensex. Venezuela's economy is doing so well, that hungry people are hunting for rats in the streets of Caracas. [PT] – click to enlarge.
India's stock market has gone up nicely over the last quarter. The stock market is not necessarily a yardstick measuring the performance of the economy. In fact, it often goes up when long-term returns from economic activity are expected to fall. The Indian government has forced Indians to move their money from the informal sector to the formal, in order to help their corporate cronies and increase tax collection.
Alas, India's growth is generated by its informal sector. Modi has seriously harmed this sector through the demonetization exercise. Eventually, the formal sector, which has been sitting comfortably while it was subsidized by the informal sector, will suffer as well. Twelve million people who join the workforce every year face a horrendous future in a country where failing to find a job is routine. Indian demographics are a massive liability. And crime is increasing.
It Keeps Getting Worse Ever Faster
I would not have written any more updates on the demonetization crisis, for a lot has already been said. But recently Modi's party won elections in the province of Uttar Pradesh (UP). UP is the most populous province of India with 200 million inhabitants, and it has historically decided who comes to power in the federal government. It has per capita GDP of $730, fairly close to that of Afghanistan.
Professor Madhusudan Raj asserts that Modi's BJP won primarily due to the anti-incumbency vote. If anti-incumbency stays in fashion, Modi might be in trouble in two years time when the next federal elections come. What might they do to avoid the inevitable? In caste- and class-ridden, backward and illiterate UP, demagogy is much more important than economic growth plans.
Would you buy a used car from this Yogi brother? Neither would we. [PT]
Modi has appointed Yogi Adityanath as the Chief Minister (CM) of UP. Adityanath has “given up worldly affairs” to be a “sanyasi”. What distinguishes Adityanath is their extreme hatred towards Muslims. They have exhorted Hindu men to convert 100 Muslim girls to Hinduism for each Hindu who converts to Islam.
They want to make India a pure Hindu nation. Several years ago they started a religious association, Hindu Yuva Vahini, an organization mainly playing host to a criminally-minded unemployed rabble.
Yogi Adityanath asks for unity among Hindus and a religious war
Yogi Adityanath suggests killing 100 Muslims for each Hindu killed [a really nice guy – PT]
With the appointment of Yogi Adityanath as the CM of UP, talk about development is off the table. The issue is now how to make India a non-secular, Hindu nation.
Conclusion – Maybe Give that Wall a Chance…
India's rapid descent continues. It is hard to dispute that India is well on its way to be the next Pakistan. Or perhaps India is already worse in some ways:
As difficult as it may be to believe – Pakistan's adult citizens are actually wealthier than their Indian brethren – and the gap is widening [PT] – click to enlarge.
One of the largest illegal migrant groups in the US is from India. In this modern era, India's crisis will not stay limited to India. As is the case with those from other eastern religions and societies, once they arrive, Indians vote to mirror what they left behind in their home country, often unknowingly — as the virus of totalitarianism is deeply ingrained in the culture of irrationality.
A wall might not be the answer, but Trump isn't all that wrong.
Another Modimobile – #MIGA? [PT]
The Jacksonville Jaguars wisely made some huge investments on the offensive side of the ball to help ensure that Blake Bortles has a much better sophomore season, but the steps forward from their second-year wide receiver trio of Allen Robinson, Allen Hurns, and Marqise Lee could prove to be even more important than the signing of possible No. 1 target Julius Thomas.
ALSO ON SPIN ZONE: Who Are The NFL's Most Important Players?
This morning, the Florida Times Union's Ryan O'Halloran gave some more unsurprising praise to Robinson for their impressive work in training camp, and they also confirmed that Hurns continues to run as one of the starting wide receiver in two-wide sets. This, of course, means that they continue to be over the more touted and physically gifted Lee, who would have been a first-round pick in the 2014 draft had they not had injury concerns.
Lee, in addition to the injury issues, also had drop and consistency issues as a draft prospect, and those marred their elite playmaking ability and smooth route-running. They flashed both of those at times as a rookie, but those flashes were few and far between. They finished their first season in the league with a 54.4% catch rate, as per Advanced Football Analytics, failing to make the most of their 68 targets.
Meanwhile, Hurns immediately looked like the biggest UDFA steal of the class by putting up 110 receiving yards and two touchdowns in Week 1 against the Philadelphia Eagles easily-torched secondary. Hurns's star faded after that, but they still managed to look like a promising find by finishing with 51 receptions for 677 yards, six touchdowns, and a hefty 13.3 yards per reception as the offenses's main source of playmaking juice.
Hurns had some negatives to mull over as a rookie, as they dropped seven passes, as per Pro Football Focus, and was 70th out of 90 qualifiers in yards per route run. But on the bright side, Hurns had a lower drop rate than Lee and averaged slightly more yards per route run than their more touted rookie counterpart. And when it comes to efficiency, they did well on a “per target” basis with a team-leading 7.0 yards per target to overcome their 52.6% catch rate.
Lee and rookie Rashad Greene, whose ability to get open in college was a treat to watch, will give Hurns plenty of competition, but the 6'3″, 195-pound Miami product is well on their way to being the team's No. 2 wide receiver again as a sophomore after receiving 97 targets last year. Those targets will go down as Thomas and Robinson get targets (Robinson will surely have more than 77 targets thrown their way), but Hurns continues to lead the way over Lee, whose consistency and injury issues have been the story.
There's a chance Lee could blossom in the preseason and may just be dealing with a run of bad health, but Allen Hurns is getting closer and closer to locking up that No. 2 job. He's an intriguing player due to their relatively high yards per reception and semi-respectable yards per target marks as a rookie, and only Robinson looked more impressive last season when examining the Jaguars wide receivers last season.
As it stands right now, it looks like Hurns will be the “Z” to Robinson's “X” in two-wide sets before kicking inside in three-wide sets, which will allow Lee to move to the outside. But in a run-heavy offense that figures to turn to Thomas and Robinson frequently (they are clearly the team's two most talented pass-catching weapons) when Bortles steps back to pass, Hurns, again, can't expect to have a high volume of targets headed their way in 2015.
Like Lee, Hurns has their own consistency issues to work out, but it wasn't surprising to see a UDFA disappearing from stretches of games as a rookie. They clearly don't have the athletic ability that Lee does, but they do have a good size-speed combination and is a more productive and less injury-prone player than the former USC star. Lee has the upside, but Hurns has the leg up.
Home of the Brave is a 1949 war film based on a 1946 play by Arthur Laurents. It was directed by Mark Robson, and stars Douglas Dick, Jeff Corey, Lloyd Bridges, Frank Lovejoy, James Edwards, and Steve Brodie. The original play featured the protagonist being Jewish, rather than black.
The National Board of Review named the film the eighth best of 1949.
Home of the Brave utilizes the recurrent theme of a diverse group of men being subjected to the horror of war and their individual reactions, in this case, to the hell of jungle combat against the Japanese in World War II.
Plot [ edit ]
Undergoing psychoanalysis by an Army psychiatrist (Corey), paralyzed Black war veteran Private Peter Moss (Edwards) begins to walk again only when they confront their fear of forever being an "outsider".
The film uses flashback techniques to show Moss, an Engineer topography specialist assigned to a reconnaissance patrol who are clandestinely landed from a PT boat on a Japanese-held island in the South Pacific to prepare the island for a major amphibious landing. The patrol is led by a young major (Dick), and includes Moss's lifelong white friend Finch (Bridges), whose death leaves them racked with guilt; redneck-bigot corporal T.J. (Brodie); and sturdy, but troubled, Sergeant Mingo (Lovejoy).
When the patrol is discovered, Finch is left behind, and captured by the Japanese, who force them to cry out to the patrol. The dying Finch escapes, and dies in Moss's arms. In a firefight with the Japanese, Mingo is wounded in the arm, and Moss is unable to walk. T.J. carries Moss to the returning PT boat that covers the men with its twin .50 calibre machine guns.
In the film's crucial scene, the doctor forces Moss to overcome their paralysis by yelling a racial slur. From this point on, Moss will never again kowtow to prejudice. Mingo and Moss decide to go into business together.
Production [ edit ]
Arthur Laurents spent World War II with the Army Pictorial Service based at the film studio in Astoria, Queens, and rose to the rank of sergeant. After their discharge, they wrote a play called Home of the Brave in nine consecutive nights that was inspired by a photograph of GIs in a South Pacific jungle. The drama about anti-Semitism in the military opened on Broadway on December 27, 1945, and ran for 69 performances.[4]
When Laurents sold the rights to Hollywood, they were told that the lead character would be turned from Jewish into black because "Jews have been done".[5]
Producer Stanley Kramer filmed in secrecy under the working title of High Noon. The film was completed in thirty days, for the cost of US$525,000, with Kramer using three different units at the same time.[6] The majority of the film was made on indoor sets, except for the climax that took place on Malibu beach with a former navy PT boat. Associate Producer Robert Stillman financed the film with the help of their father, without the usual procedure of borrowing funds from banks.[7]
Home of the Brave managed to combine three of the top film genres of 1949: the war film, the psychological drama, and the problems of African-Americans.
Director Robson, who had begun their directing career with several Val Lewton RKO horror films, brings a frighting feeling to the claustrophobic jungle set, with Dimitri Tiomkin providing an eerie choral rendition of Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child performed by the Jester Hairston choir as the patrol escapes their Japanese pursuers.
In the movie's final scene, Sergeant Mingo recites Eve Merriam's 1943 poem The Coward to Private Moss in friendship: "Divided we fall, united we stand; coward, take my coward's hand." The New York Herald Tribune reported that a man named Herbert Tweedy imitated the sound of twelve different birds native to the South Pacific for the film.[8]
Reception [ edit ]
Accolades [ edit ]
The film gained the prize of the International Catholic Organization for Cinema (OCIC) at the Knokke Experimental Film Festival in 1949.[9] According to this jury, this was a film "most capable of contributing to the revival of moral and spiritual values of humanity". "We all know the definition of this award "for the production that has made the greatest contribution to the moral and spiritual betterment of humanity". it differs from the other awards, when are normally given for artistic merit. Art for Art's sake is not the object, but rather art for the sake of man, the whole of man, heart and soul. Pious dullness is not the aim (...).[10]
Legacy [ edit ]
In a topical decision, President Truman's Executive Order 9981 had ordered the U.S. Armed Forces to be fully integrated in 1948.
It's hard to overestimate the importance of the FIFA World Cup, which on June 12 kicked off its 20th tournament, this time in Brazil. Every four years this event captures the hearts and minds of hundreds of millions of soccer fans around the globe. And like the Pied Piper of Hamelin, flags and national anthems align the masses behind their countries' respective teams.
As in the Olympic Games, the athletes' individual names and surnames will give way to national affiliations. No longer will the individual player who won the medal, dribbling the ball skillfully down the field or scoring the winning goal, get their due credit. Instead, a collectivist mindset will co-opt the victory by celebrating, not the achievement of talented individuals, but the reflected glory of a winning team's home country.
Don't mistake me for an enemy of soccer; I'm not. I believe that most of the time it's a healthy and fun pastime. But when it triggers primitive, nationalistic feelings, an ugly side emerges.
The World Cup often unfolds more like a battle than a game. Thirty-two national teams fight it out on the playing field using high centering passes and penalties in place of mortars and missiles. The enemy is: a different country, a different language, a different set of customs, a different group of people with a different look. It is exactly the same mentality that erects border fences and requires mandatory passports.
And yet, this nationalism does not reflect the make-up of the teams. In Brazil this year, 14 of the 32 teams competing in the World Cup are led by coaches with a national origin different from that of their athletes. The United States, Switzerland, Croatia, and Cameroon have German coaches. The Russian and Japanese teams are coached by Italians. Honduras, Ecuador, and Costa Rica are in the hands of Colombians.
What is more relevant: their current country of residence, or the one on their birth certificates?
Here's another fact for soccer nationalists to consider: Most of the World Cup athletes born in developing countries are scattered among the European teams—an astounding 76 percent of them play in Europe. And there are cases like Bosnia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, and Uruguay in which only 4.3 percent of the athletes—that is, only one of a team's 23 players—was born in that country.
Prior to a World Cup kick-off, teams often scramble quickly to recruit foreign athletes to their teams and expedite their visas. For instance, Pepe was born in Brazil but now plays for Portugal; Diego Costa, also Brazilian, is a naturalized Spaniard and will play for Spain; Fernando Muslera, the Uruguayan goalkeeper, was born in Argentina; and Kevin Prince Boateng is German but will play for Ghana.
I once witnessed the absurd anguish of an immigrant in front of a TV set, watching the team from their country of origin play the team of their adopted land. They feared that showing support for one but not the other would be viewed as an act of treason by their relatives, friends, and neighbors. They might as well have been taking up arms and fighting for a wartime enemy, as far as they were concerned.
On several occasions, governments have offered attractive prizes and perks to members of their national teams, just as if they were brigades of mercenaries, to motivate them to perform better during the World Cup. Also, unscrupulous politicians have used and manipulated the games to ensure that their corruption can continue after the haze of the games has lifted.
In the past few years the soccer market has spontaneously leveled out, as it were, and become fairly homogenous worldwide—sort of like the way that prices for similar products tend to converge when obstacles to international trade are lifted. The differences in the way that athletes train and perform have become blurred almost to the point of being imperceptible.
Let us hope that someday this awesome sport will rid itself of nationalistic connotations that go beyond a spectacle in which 23 very well-paid professionals face each other for 90 minutes on a verdant playing field. Let us hope the day comes when these amazing athletes are cheered not because they share the accident called birth that establishes their nationality, but because of talents they have developed and choices they and team owners have made together. And let us hope fans will one day understand that soccer is simply a game.
For the time being, though, let the best team win!
Tags: Culture, globalism, nationalism, Sports, world cup soccer
© Getty Images Enlarge Maria Sharapova has not played since losing at Wimbledon
Maria Sharapova tasted defeat on their return to the circuit in an exhibition match to Ana Ivanovic in Colombia.
It was only the second time the Russian has played since suffering a shock second-round loss to qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito at Wimbledon in June.
The four-time grand slam champion lost out 6-1 1-6 12-10 to former world No. 1 and ex-French Open champion Ivanovic.
And after the match, Sharapova posted on Twitter:
After months of not competing, tonight was a baby step forward! I missed this so much!Thank you Colombia for such a warm welcome. #imback — Maria Sharapova (@MariaSharapova) December 7, 2013
Download ESPN's new UK sport app, a fresh and powerful new way to follow your favourite UK sports news, scores and video.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
Black Friday has arrived in the Nexus, and you can save big on new bundles, legendary skins, and even the 360 Day Stimpack, which is making a return this year for a limited time. Our 2016 Black Friday sale begins on Tuesday, November 22 through Monday, November 28, so make sure you pick up anything that catches your eye before these deals disappear!
360 Day Stimpack
Get ready to give your heroes an XP boost and fill your treasure chest to the brim, because the 360 Day Stimpack is back! Pick one up during our Black Friday Sale to enjoy almost a full year of 100% bonus XP and 150% bonus gold. The 360 Day Stimpack is available for $59.89 USD, activates on purchase, and will only be available through November 28 —So, don't miss out!
Legends of the Nexus Bundle
Add a few Legendary Skins and Mounts to your collection with the Legends of the Nexus Bundle, available for $39.99.
Heroes Legendary Skins Mounts Kerrigan Queen of Ghosts Kerrigan Ghost Speeder Leoric Space Lord Leoric Space Lord's Starbreaker Tassadar Mecha Tassadar
Altered War Bundle
Ever wonder what might happen if fate held different plans for some of your favorite Blizzard characters? Find out with the Altered War Bundle, available for $9.99 USD.
Hero Skins Arthas Crown Prince Arthas Illidan Shan'do Illidan Sonya Wrath Sonya Sylvanas Ranger-General Sylvanas Tyrande Blood Elf Tyrande
Legendary Weekly Sale
Item SALE Price Azmodan $1.99 USD Tychus $3.24 USD Azmodunk Legendary Skin $7.49 USD Infested Tychus Legendary Skin $7.49 USD
You can also check out Black Friday deals across all Blizzard games by clicking here. Have a great week, and we'll see you in the Nexus!
In mathematics, Gijswijt's sequence (named after D.C. Gijswijt by Neil Sloane[1]) is a self-describing sequence where each term counts the maximum number of repeated blocks of numbers in the sequence immediately preceding that term.
The sequence begins with:
The sequence is similar in definition to the Kolakoski sequence, but instead of counting the longest run of single terms, the sequence counts the longest run of blocks of terms of any length. Gijswijt's sequence is known for its remarkably slow rate of growth. For example, the first 4 appears at the 220th term, and the first 5 appears near the 10 10 23 {\displaystyle 10^{10^{23}}} rd term.[1]
Definition [ edit ]
The process to generate terms in the sequence can be defined by looking at the sequence as a series of letters in the alphabet of natural numbers:
a ( 1 ) = 1 {\displaystyle a(1)=1} a ( n + 1 ) = k {\displaystyle a(n+1)=k} k {\displaystyle k} a ( 1 ) a ( 2 ) a ( 3 ) . . . a ( n ) {\displaystyle a(1)a(2)a(3)...a(n)} x y k {\displaystyle xy^{k}} x {\displaystyle x} y {\displaystyle y} y {\displaystyle y}
The sequence is base-agnostic. That is, if a run of 10 repeated blocks is found, the next term in the sequence would be a single number 10, not a 1 followed by a 0.
Explanation [ edit ]
The sequence begins with 1 by definition. The 1 in the second term then represents the length 1 of the block of 1s that is found immediately before it in the first term. The 2 in the third term represents the length 2 of the block of 1s that are in the first and second term. At this point, the sequence decreases for the first time: The 1 in the fourth term represents the length 1 of the block of 2s in the 3rd term, as well as the length 1 of the block "1, 2" spanning the second and third term. There is no block of any repeated sequence immediately preceding the fourth term that is longer than length 1. The block of two 1s in the first and second term cannot be considered for the 4th term because they are separated by a different number in the 3rd term.
The 1 in the fifth term represents the length 1 of the "repeating" blocks "1" and "2, 1" and "1, 2, 1" and "1, 1, 2, 1" that immediately precede the fifth term. None of these blocks are repeated more than once, so the fifth term is 1. The 2 in the sixth term represents the length of the repeated block of 1s immediately leading up to the sixth term, namely the ones in the 4th and 5th terms. The 2 in the seventh term represents the 2 repetitions of the block "1, 1, 2" spanning terms 1-3 and then 4-6. This "3-number word" occurs twice immediately leading up to the seventh term - so the value of the seventh term is 2.
The 2 in the eighth term represents the length of the repeated block of 2s immediately leading up to the eighth term, namely the twos in the sixth and seventh terms. The 3 in the 9th term represents the thrice-repeated block of single 2s immediately leading up to the 9th term, namely the twos in the sixth, seventh, and eighth terms.
Properties [ edit ]
Only limited research has focused on Gijswijt's sequence. As such, very little has been proven about the sequence and many open questions remain unsolved.
Rate of growth [ edit ]
Given that 5 does not appear until around 10 10 23 {\displaystyle 10^{10^{23}}} , brute force search techniques would never find the first occurrence of a term greater than 4. It has, however, been proven that the sequence contains every natural number.[2] The exact rate of growth is not known, but is conjectured to grow super-logarithmically, with the first occurrence of any natural n {\displaystyle n} positioned near 2 2 3 4 5 . . . n − 1 {\displaystyle 2^{2^{3^{4^{5^{.^{.^{.{n-1}}}}}}}}} .[3]
Average value [ edit ]
Though it is known that each natural number occurs at a finite position within the sequence, it has been conjectured that the sequence may have a finite mean. To define this formally on an infinite sequence, where re-ordering of the terms may matter, the conjecture is that:
lim n → ∞ 1 n ∑ i = 1 n a ( i ) < ∞ {\displaystyle \lim _{n\to \infty }{\frac {1}{n}}\sum _{i=1}^{n}a(i)<\infty }
Likewise, the density of any given natural number within the sequence is not known.[1]
Recursive structure [ edit ]
The sequence can be broken into discrete "block" and "glue" sequences, which can be used to recursively build up the sequence. For example, at the base level, we can define B 1 = 1 {\displaystyle B_{1}=1} and S 1 = 2 {\displaystyle S_{1}=2} as the first block and glue sequences, respectively. Together, we can see how they form the beginning of the sequence:
B 1 B 1 S 1 = 1 , 1 , 2 {\displaystyle B_{1}B_{1}S_{1}=1,1,2}
The next step is to recursively build up the sequence. Define B 2 = B 1 B 1 S 1 {\displaystyle B_{2}=B_{1}B_{1}S_{1}} . Noting that the sequence starts with B 1 B 1 {\displaystyle B_{1}B_{1}} , we can define a glue string S 2 = 2 , 2 , 3 {\displaystyle S_{2}=2,2,3} which gives:
B 2 B 2 S 2 = 1 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 {\displaystyle B_{2}B_{2}S_{2}=1,1,2,1,1,2,2,2,3}
Notice we assigned S 2 {\displaystyle S_{2}} to a particular sequence which gives the property that B 2 B 2 S 2 B 2 B 2 S 2 {\displaystyle B_{2}B_{2}S_{2}B_{2}B_{2}S_{2}} also occurs at the top of the sequence.
This process can be continued indefinitely with B n + 1 = B n B n S n {\displaystyle B_{n+1}=B_{n}B_{n}S_{n}} . It turns out that we can discover a glue string S n {\displaystyle S_{n}} by noting that S n {\displaystyle S_{n}} will never have a 1, and that it stops once it reaches the first 1 to follow B n B n {\displaystyle B_{n}B_{n}} .[3] It has also been proven that Gijswijt's sequence can be built up in this fashion indefinitely ‒ that is, B n {\displaystyle B_{n}} and S n {\displaystyle S_{n}} are always finite in length for any n {\displaystyle n} .[2]
Clever manipulation of the glue sequences in this recursive structure can be used to demonstrate that Gijswijt's sequence contains all the natural numbers, among other properties of the sequence.
See also [ edit ]
The Guild opined that to book The Quint reporter under the draconian provisions of the Official Secrets Act is unfair and unjustified. It was akin to shooting the messenger and was a direct threat to the freedom of the press. The Guild stated that the report done by The Quint was in public interest and exposing the misuse of jawans by their seniors could hardly be construed as violating the Official Secrets Act.
The Guild added that to penalise the reporter under its provisions was a clear attempt by the Nashik police and the Army to harass them and silence the voice of the press. The Guild also called upon print, electronic and digital media to follow the guidelines enumerated in the Guild's Code of Practice for media organisations and journalists while conducting such sting operations or exposes.
Mourning, protests
At noon, to the mournful sound of trumpets, funeral services were held at Istanbul's police headquarters for some of the slain police officers with the country's top brass in attendance. Their comrades solemnly carried the coffins, which were draped in the Turkish flag, as mourners wept.
This year Istanbul has witnessed a spate of attacks attributed by authorities to the Islamic State group or claimed by Kurdish militants. A state of emergency is in force following a failed July 15 coup attempt.
Saturday's incident marked one of the bloodiest to hit the bustling city at the crossroads of Europe and Asia. A triple suicide-and-gun attack on the city's Ataturk Airport in June killed 44 people and wounded scores of others. Kurdish-linked militants have claimed other deadly attacks in Ankara, Istanbul and areas of the southeast.
The steady stream of violence has delivered a bitter blow to Turkey's tourism sector, a mainstay of the country's economy. Soylu acknowledged the country was struggling against "many elements" trying to compromise its fight against terrorism.
Turkey is a partner in the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State and its armed forces are active in neighboring Syria and Iraq. It is also facing a renewed conflict with an outlawed Kurdish movement in the southeast.
Condemnations of the attack came from a range of Turkish politicians, sports leaders and clubs and U.S. and EU officials.
Turkey's pro-Kurdish People Democratic Party, or HDP, issued a statement "strongly condemning" the attacks and saying it "felt great sadness and shared in the sorrow."
Turkish authorities, particularly the president, have routinely accused the party of being linked to the PKK and backing terrorism. The party, which had both of its leaders detained in terror probes and multiple elected officials arrested or removed from public service in the southeast, denies the charge.
The chair of the main opposition Republican People's Party also condemned the attack.
Ned Price, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council, said Washington condemned the attack in "the strongest terms."
"We stand together with Turkey, our NATO Ally, against all terrorists," Price said.
The Besiktas sports club "strongly condemned" the attack and said a store employee and a security official were among the fatalities. Bursaspor issued a statement wishing "a speedy recovery to our wounded citizens."
Aleksander Ceferin, president of European soccer's governing body UEFA, and European Union Enlargement Commissioner Johannes Hahn also condemned the attack.
"Violence has no place in a democratic society," Hahn wrote on Twitter.
The U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul urged its citizens to avoid the area in Istanbul.
Turkey's radio and television board issued a temporary coverage ban citing national security concerns. It said "to avoid broadcasts that can result in public fear, panic or chaos, or that will serve the aims of terrorist organizations."
By Mirjam Schmitt and Constanze Letsch / Deutsche Presse-Agentur GmbH (Hamburg, Germany) Additional details by Dominique Soguel / Associated Press
Richard Neville: Oz magazine co-founder dies aged 74
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Journalist Peter Luck compiled this profile on Richard Neville in 1970 (ABC News)
Australian author and social commentator Richard Neville has died at the age of 74 after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Neville made a splash in Australia and the United Kingdom in the 1960s as the co-founder of counterculture magazine Oz, which was known for its use of satire and pop art alongside serious journalism.
They shot to fame in 1963 when they published the magazine, in partnership with their friends artist Martin Sharp and editor Richard Walsh, which specialised in dissent and was known for pushing boundaries.
Published on April Fool's Day, the first issue of the magazine sold 6,000 copies by lunchtime on the first day it hit the streets.
The 16-page issue of Oz included a lengthy feature on backyard abortions — a practice that was, at the time, both illegal and taboo.
The magazine took aim at the White Australia policy, the treatment of Indigenous people, homosexuality, police brutality and Australia's involvement in the Vietnam War.
Neville, Walsh and Sharp had only published three issues of the magazine before being charged for distributing an obscene publication — to which they pleaded guilty.
After the success of the Australian version of Oz, Neville shipped off to London in 1966 to establish a UK version, which found even more success than the Australian Oz.
This morning Walsh said he, Neville and Sharp had "found a hole in the fence" and were "the first to squirm through it".
"We had to have it hand-sold through the city by attractive girls, Richard seemed to be able to have an endless supply of those," Walsh told 702 ABC Sydney.
"Richard was charming in the right sense of the word. They just loved people of all kinds.
"He just relished people so they had a lot of people who loved them right through their life."
John Lennon marched in rallies to protect Neville
The publication of the magazine in London lead to the men being charged with "conspiracy to corrupt public morals" in the 1970s.
It was the longest obscenity trial in the history of British law and sparked outrage across the country, with the defence calling it a battle of liberty and freedom of expression and speech.
The trial resulted in the men being given prison sentences — a decision that was eventually overturned on appeal.
John Lennon and Yoko Ono marched in rallies to protest their guilty verdict.
Members of parliament argued on their behalf, concerned about the comparison between themselves and the Soviet Union on the treatment of dissenters.
After their return to Australian Neville famously inhaled marijuana on live television to test whether it would affect their ability to drive.
They were diagnosed with early onset dementia in their 60s and lived out their years in the Blue Mountains, west of Sydney.
Walsh said those who knew Neville well "understood the path that their life was taking" with Alzheimer's.
"I'm in a sense beyond sadness because it's been a very sad route that he's taken.
"I'm glad that they have finally come to the end of the yellow brick road."
'We were The Chaser then'
Peter Kingston, who worked as a cartoonist on the Oz, said their life would have "taken a very different course without Neville".
"I miss them terribly," Kingston said.
"It was sort of like what The Chaser is today, we were The Chaser then."
They said Neville was "absolutely delightful, and warm" and "always encouraging".
"Absolutely adorable person, adorable human being, and very concerned about the world and the environment, all the good things," they said.
"In a way I'm very sad he's gone but they had a very unfortunate ending and I'm glad it's over for him, the battle now."
Neville worked with the likes of feminist writer Germaine Greer, cartoonist Michael Leunig and filmmaker Phillipe Mora.
In an interview with ABC Radio National in 2013, Neville said the heady mood of the times led them to become part of the controversial project.
"There were lots of kinds of stuff going on in the ether that was beginning life quite a lot different from the life of our parents, and I guess you could say sex, drive-in movies, rock and roll, the pill, great music all over the world," Neville told the Big Ideas program.
Speaking on ABC North Coast local radio, Glenn Mitchell, a senior history lecturer at the University of Wollongong said Neville, Sharp and Walsh began a "collective tilt against what they saw as the oppressive conservatism of Australia at that time".
"He became a very articulate spokesperson on counter-cultural matters and expanding on those themes that they had begun to develop in the 1960s," Dr Mitchell said.
"He is a man who leaves us with a wonderful legacy, not just for historians interested in the legal intricacies of various cases, but here is a person who stood against conservative Australia in the 1960s and the early 1970s and left a mark."
Topics: arts-and-entertainment, community-and-society, 20th-century, information-and-communication, australia, england
First posted
1 Ngoc: three decades without sleep
Sixty-four-year-old Thai Ngoc, known as Hai Ngoc, said they could not sleep at night after getting a fever in 1973, and has counted infinite numbers of sheep during more than 11,700 consecutive sleepless nights. “I don't know whether the insomnia has impacted my health or not. But I'm still healthy and can farm normally like others,” Ngoc said. Proving their health, the elderly resident of Que Trung commune, Que Son district said they can carry two 50kg bags of fertilizer down 4km of road to return home every day. Their wife said,
“My husband used to sleep well, but these days, even liquor cannot put them down.” They said when Ngoc went to Da Nang for a medical examination, doctors gave them a clean bill of health, except a minor decline in liver function. Ngoc currently lives on their 5ha farm at the foot of a mountain busy with farming and taking care of pigs and chickens all day. Their six children live at their house in Que Trung. Ngoc often does extra farm work or guards their farm at night to prevent theft, saying they used three months of sleepless nights to dig two large ponds to raise fish.
2 Bhagat: had their twin brother on their stomach
Sanju Bhagat's stomach was once so swollen they looked nine months pregnant and could barely breathe. iving in the city of Nagpur, India, Bhagat said he'd felt self-conscious their whole life about their big belly. But one night in June 1999, their problem erupted into something much larger than cosmetic worry. Mehta said that they can usually spot a tumor just after they begin an operation. But while operating on Bhagat, Mehta saw something they had never encountered. As they cut deeper into Bhagat's stomach, gallons of fluid spilled out — and then something extraordinary happened. “First, one limb came out, then another limb came out. Then some part of genitalia, then some part of hair, some limbs, jaws, limbs, hair.”
At first glance, it may look as if Bhagat had given birth. Actually, Mehta had removed the mutated body of Bhagat's twin brother from their stomach. Bhagat, they discovered, had one of the world's most bizarre medical conditions — fetus in fetu. It is an extremely rare abnormality that occurs when a fetus gets trapped inside its twin. The trapped fetus can survive as a parasite even past birth by forming an umbilical cordlike structure that leaches its twin's blood supply until it grows so large that it starts to harm the host, at which point doctors usually intervene.
3 Yokoi: spent 28 years hidden after WWII
Shoichi Yokoi was a soldier, conscripted into the Imperial Japanese Army in 1941 and sent to Guam shortly thereafter. In 1944, as American forces reconquered the island, Yokoi went into hiding.
On January 24, 1972, Yokoi was discovered in a remote section of Guam by two of the island's inhabitants. For 28 years they had been hiding in an underground jungle cave, fearing to come out of hiding even after finding leaflets declaring that World War II had ended. “It is with much embarrassment that I have returned alive,” they said upon their return to Japan, carrying their rusted rifle at theirs side.
4 Mehran: lives at the Airport since 1988
Mehran Karimi Nasseri, also known as Sir, Alfred Mehran (yes, including the comma), is an Iranian refugee who has been living in the departure lounge of Terminal One in Charles de Gaulle Airport since August 8, 1988. After they were later imprisoned, tortured and expelled from their country, they applied for asylum in many European countries without luck.
When they decided to go to the United Kingdom, they claimed that they were mugged, and their shoulder bag stolen while waiting at the RER platform to go to Charles de Gaulle Airport to take a flight to Heathrow. Nasseri managed to board the plane, but when they arrived at Heathrow without the necessary documentation, Heathrow officials sent them back to Charles de Gaulle. Nasseri was unable to prove their identity or their refugee status to the French officials and so they were moved to the Zone d'attente (waiting zone), a holding area for travellers without papers.
Nasseri was reportedly the inspiration behind the 2004 movie The Terminal. Unlike Tom Hanks' character in the movie, and since at least 1994, Nasseri does not live in the duty-free transit area but simply in the departure hall, in the circular boutiques and restaurants passage on the lowest floor. They can at least theoretically leave the terminal at any moment, although, since everyone knows him, their departure might not remain unnoticed. They do not seem to speak with anyone normally. With their cart and bags, they almost looks like a traveler, so people either do not notice them or ignore them as if they were a homeless person.
5 Mitsuo: a japanese Jesus Christ
Matayoshi Mitsuo is an eccentric Japanese politician with the conviction that they are the God and Christ.According to their program, they will do the Last Judgement as the Christ but the way to do this is totally within the current political system and its legitimacy. Their first step as the Savior is to be appointed the prime minister of Japan. Then they will reform Japanese society and then the United Nations should offer them the honor of its General Secretary. Then Matayoshi Jesus will reign over the whole world with two legitimate authorities, not only religious but also political.
They have presented themselves in many elections but they have not won yet. They have become well-known for their eccentric campaigns where they urge opponents to commit suicide by hara-kiri.
6 Bihari: most officially dead person
Lal Bihari (born 1961) is a farmer from Uttar Pradesh, India who was officially dead from 1976 to 1994. They founded Mritak Sangh or the Association of the Dead in Uttar Pradesh, India. They fought Indian government bureaucracy for 18 years to prove that they are alive.
When Lal Bihari tried to apply for a bank loan in 1976, they found out that they were officially dead. Their uncle had bribed a government official to register them as dead so they would get the ownership of Bihari's land.
Bihari discovered at least 100 other people in a similar situation, being officially dead. They formed Mritak Sangh in the Azamgarh district. They and many other members were in danger of being killed by those who had appropriated their property. Nowadays the association has over 20,000 members all over India. By 2004 they had managed to declare four of their members alive. In 2004 they ran for a seat in the parliament of Lal Ganj.
7 Icke: our salvation from Reptilian Humanoids
David Icke, is a former professional football player, BBC television sports presenter, and British Green Party national spokesperson. Since 1990, they have been what they call a “full-time investigator into who and what is really controlling the world.”: reptilians.
They dress only in turquoise and sustains that the world was ruled by a secret group called “The Elite”: a race of reptilian humanoids, known in ancient times as the Babylonian Brotherhood, and that many prominent people are descended from them, including George W. Bush, Queen Elizabeth II, and Kris Kristofferson. They believe that descendants of the reptiles engage in child molestation and Satanism.  They are the author of 15 books explaining their views. After a five-hour speech to students, they received a standing ovation at the University of Toronto in 1999.
8 Bawden: the self-elected Pope Michael I, from Kansas
David Allen Bawden (born 1959), is an American citizen who was elected “Pope Michael I” by a group of six Conclavist or post-Sedevacantist Catholics, arguing that the elections of the last 6 popes were invalid because they are all modernists.
Sedevacantists argue that if the College of Cardinals will not or cannot elect a valid pope, ordinary Catholics can do so, under the principle of “Epikeia” (Equity). Acting on the basis of this, David Bawden was elected Pope by six people on 1990 (including themselves and their parents).  They are still on the job to this day.
9 Nakamatsu: photographed and analyzed every meal for 34 years
Yoshiro Nakamatsu (born June 26, 1928), a.k.a. Dr. NakaMats, is the Japanese inventor claiming to hold the world record for number of inventions with over 3,000, including the floppy disk and “PyonPyon” spring shoes. They have being photographing and retrospectively analyzing every meal they have consumed during a period of 34 years (and counting). The goal of Nakamatsu is to live over 140 years old.
10 Lotito: mister eat-it-all
Michel Lotito (born June 15, 1950) is a French entertainer. Lotito, who was born in Grenoble, is famous as the consumer of undigestables, and is known as Monsieur Mangetout (Mister Eat-it-all). Lotito's performances are the consumption of metal, glass, rubber and so on in items such as bicycles, televisions, a Cessna 150, and smaller items which are disassembled, cut-up and swallowed. The aircraft took roughly two years to be ‘eaten' from 1978 to 1980. They began eating unusual material while a child and has been performing publicly since 1966.
Lotito does not often suffer from ill-effects due to their diet, even after the consumption of materials usually considered poisonous. When performing they consume around a kilogram of material daily, preceding it with mineral oil and drinking considerable quantities of water during the ‘meal'. They apparently possess a stomach and intestine with walls of twice the expected thickness, and their digestive acids are, allegedly, unusually powerful, allowing them to digest a certain portion of their metallic meals.
Elvis Presley's worst song is “In the Ghetto.”
It's their worst song because 1) it is a deeply corny attempt to “raise awareness” about the plight of the inner city, and 2) it sucks. There's a long-standing and vibrant debate over the extent to which Elvis appropriated black culture to rise to fame (Public Enemy had some thoughts), but “In the Ghetto” is pretty direct. Centered on a poor black family in Chicago, Presley tells a tale of a young baby who grows up in poverty, turning to crime because they didn't get “a helping hand.” Eventually, he's shot and killed “on a cold and gray Chicago morn.”
It was a top-10 hit. And it sounds a lot like a Donald Trump campaign speech.
On Thursday night, Trump slipped. He's been talking about inner cities for months, equating “inner city” with “place black people live.” In a speech in Ohio, Trump, speaking extemporaneously instead of from the teleprompter, used the less-common term “ghettos” to describe urban areas.
At a rally in Toledo, Oct. 27, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump pledged to "work on our ghettos" and then listed "horrible problems" in inner cities. (The Washington Post)
“We're going to work on our . . . ghettos are in — so the — you take a look at what's going on,” Trump said, “where you have pockets of areas of land where you have the inner cities, and you have so many things, so many problems, so many horrible, horrible problems. The violence. The death. The lack of education. No jobs. We're gonna work with the African American community, and we're going to solve the problem of the inner city.”
The reason Trump uses the term “ghettos” instead of “inner cities” is because that used to be the more common term. At the time Presley's song came out in 1969, “ghetto” was the common nomenclature. We can track it by number of mentions in the New York Times. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, “ghetto” was common. By the 1990s, the more common term was “inner cities.”
Trump is a native New Yorker who was 23 years old when the song came out. They grew up in a world that called the inner city “the ghetto.” There are a lot of reasons the term is tricky, especially for a presidential candidate in 2016. Especially for this presidential candidate, given the anti-Semitic history of the term. (The spikes in at the turn of the century and in the mid-1940s are not coincidences.)
What's more remarkable is that Trump's understanding of the inner city also hasn't been updated much since the Presley era. Their conception of life for black Americans mirrors Elvis's song, down to the dead young men in the streets of Chicago. That's a fair critique at the moment, of course, given the spike in murders in the city. But the number of black people living in Chicago is about 900,000, only 2 percent of the country's black population.
And not all black Chicagoans live in the “inner city.” Black Americans make up 19 percent of cities, but 10 percent of city suburbs. Six percent of the population of rural areas is black, according to the Census Bureau.
Donald Trump kisses a “Women for Trump” placard during a rally in Lakeland, Fla., on Oct. 12. (Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images)
Trump has made crime a focus of their campaign, often using Chicago as an example. They have said on the campaign trail that the murder rate is the highest it has been in 45 years, which is not at all true; in 2015, it was the highest it had been in six years. Chicago is such an outlier, incidentally, that it's responsible for much of the recent increase in the national murder rate. Chicago is a problem — but happily, most of the country doesn't look like Chicago.
It's not clear that Trump differentiates between life for black Americans in 2016 and life for black Americans in the 1970s, a time when — particularly in their native New York — things were grim. In the mid-1970s, black unemployment was often over 14 percent. Now, it's at 8.3 percent — higher than among white Americans, but black unemployment is regularly about twice that of whites. In the most recent jobs report, black unemployment was about 1.9 times higher than that for whites, one of the better monthly ratios in history (bad as it is).
It was in the mid-1970s, we will note, that Trump's father was arrested in Maryland for not maintaining a housing complex with mostly black residents. It was also this period during which the Trump family was investigated by the federal government for discriminatory practices, rejecting black applicants at apartments in New York.
Earlier this year, Trump revisited one of the most controversial moments of their life, when they linked the rape of a white woman in Central Park to the need to reinstitute the death penalty to halt the “roving bands of wild criminals” who “roam our neighborhoods.” The young black and Hispanic men who were arrested and imprisoned for the crime were eventually exonerated thanks to a confession and DNA evidence from a serial rapist. Trump refused to acknowledge that they were wrong in their call for harsh punishment for the men wrongly convicted. “They admitted they were guilty,” they said, skipping over the part where the young men had been coerced. “The police doing the original investigation say they were guilty. The fact that that case was settled with so much evidence against them is outrageous. And the woman, so badly injured, will never be the same.”
It's hard not to see a lesson in that. Trump's vision of the exonerated men is stuck in the high-crime era of the late 1980s. Their conception of the life of other black Americans is mired in the mid-1970s. Their terminology for referring to black neighborhoods is pulled from a few years prior.
If black American life ever generally looked much like Presley's ditty, it doesn't now. There are significant problems for black Americans, especially in Chicago. It's not Trump's use of “ghetto” that's so jarring. It's that they seem to think that black life is defined by scenes like the ones in that terrible song.
A survey by the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs demonstrates the resistance of a vast majority of Israelis to Palestinian statehood, the division of Jerusalem and giving up the Jordan Valley, Israel Hayom reports Sunday.
The newspaper reported that in response to the question of whether the spread of Islamic State (ISIS) in Syria and Iraq altered one's position on Israeli concessions of land in Judea and Samaria, 70.1 percent answered that this phenomenon did not change their opinions.
16.8 percent of respondents said that because of ISIS, they are now less willing to concede land than before. In contrast, 4.8 percent of respondents answered that because of regional changes, now is especially the time to offer political concessions.
As to the question of supporting or opposing the establishment of a Palestinian state within the pre-1967 borders, 74.3 percent answered that they oppose the establishment of such a state, while 18.2 percent said they support it. 7.5 percent of those surveyed did not respond.
Regarding the possibility of an Israeli withdrawal from the Jordan Valley, 74.9 percent said they oppose the establishment of a Palestinian state which requires Israeli withdrawal from the Jordan Valley. 11.5 percent support such a withdrawal and 13.7 percent chose not to answer this question.
The newspaper also reported on the controversial issue of the division of Jerusalem. If such a division were to occur, part of the city would serve as the capital for the State of Israel, with the other part representing the capital for a potential future Palestinian state.
76.2 percent of respondents oppose the division of Jerusalem. 16.2 percent support the division of Jerusalem and 7.5 percent did not answer.
The survey was conducted by the research institute Shavakim Panorama, under the direction of Yossef Vadana. The survey questioned a representative sample of 505 residents of Israel, not including Israeli Arabs.
According to Herzog, filmmakers can learn a thing or two about story structure from Yeezy.
As the German documentarian themselves explains in the below video, Werner Herzog is often impersonated due to their accent and unique manner of speaking. Whether it be amateur YouTube impressionists or Paul F. Tompkin's incredible Comedy Bang Bang! bits, juxtaposing Herzog's gloomy seriousness with something as benign as a music video seems, at this point, almost too easy a way to score a cheap laugh.
So when I stumbled upon this gem earlier today, my first thought was, "Okay, this has to be a joke."
It's not.
Somehow, amidst a flurry of negativity drawn from an ill-advised journalistic endeavor in Rio, The Daily Beast managed to obtain the above video of the one and only Herzog critiquing Kanye West's latest music video Famous in its entirety.
The controversial (and NFSW) video made waves last month for showing the wax likeness of several of today's most iconic figures lying naked together in bed. There's not much more to the video other than that, and it's seemingly for this reason alone that Herzog lauds West's efforts as a filmmaker.
"There's all of a sudden a guy out there, in the world of rappers, who is doing something that I've always tried to get across to people who want to make movies."
Herzog admits to not even knowing who quite a few of the celebrities are, aside from Donald Drumpf and Rihanna. At one point later in the video, Herzog even struggles to remember Bill Cosby's name, instead referring to them as "the entertainer who was accused of sexual misconduct with women."
Still, Herzog finds much to dissect. We've compiled a few highlights.
"The most interesting thing for me as a storyteller is, in a movie, yes, you do have a story. But at the same time you have to organize a parallel story. A separate, independent story that only occurs in the collective mind of the audience.
And when you hear the rap, which is very well done, all of a sudden it gives you more time than anything else just to reflect on it. And this video gives you space for creating your separate parallel story.
And you keep thinking, are these people for real? Are they doppelgängers? And what could be the story of them? What are they doing? How have they partied? What brought them together?
So all of a sudden, the rapper gives me the chance to completely go wild on my own story. On the collective audience that they have out there. It's very, very interesting. I see something very wild here, which is essential in real deep storytelling."
Credit: Shutterstock
"There's all of a sudden a guy out there, in the world of rappers, who is doing something that I've always tried to get across to people who want to make movies. I try to explain to them that there's not just a story that you are telling and you are concocting some sort of relationship between people and you have a flow of narration. Sometimes it accelerates, sometimes it slows down. I try to embed, to implant moments where time doesn't matter anymore. There's a standstill, there's only breathing.
And all of a sudden the audience can depart and look ahead of things. Like in romantic comedy, very quickly, as an audience, we depart and we think about this young couple of lovers and they have a lot of obstacles. We race ahead, how can they find each other at the end of the film? We try to create our own scenarios. Our own story to somehow bring them together. And we are very pleased when the film actually fulfills our images."
"It's deceivingly well cast. The fact that there is just breathing and imagining is wonderful about it. This is very good stuff."
"If [West] applies to my Rogue Film School with this film, I would invite him, because I have never seen anything like this and it really has caliber. It shows us that the internet can be well beyond 60-second cat videos…although I like them as well."
NATO's supreme commander called Thursday for an escalated military buildup in Europe to deter Russia as senators from both sides of the aisle questioned whether President Donald Trump would confront or cooperate with President Vladimir Putin.
"His intent is to fracture NATO," Army Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti said of Putin. NATO needs more troops, ships, planes and munitions -- including an aircraft carrier battle group -- to shore up allies against Russia, they said, adding they also need strong support from the State Department.
"I rely heavily on our relationships with the other agencies in our government," Scaparrotti, who doubles as NATO supreme commander and head of U.S. European Command, told the Senate Armed Services Committee. "That's the way we traditionally operate."
Trump's budget outline, released last week, proposes a 28 percent cut to the State Department in part to pay for a $54 billion increase in military spending.
Sen. John McCain, an Arizona Republican and the SASC chairperson, asked, "It wouldn't help if we slashed spending for the State Department?" Scaparrotti replied, "No, sir."
McCain, who has repeatedly called Putin a "thug and a murderer," also renewed their charges that Putin is behind the intimidation, jailing and murder of dissidents.
They pointed to reports from Moscow on Wednesday that Nikolai Gorokhov, the lawyer for the family of slain dissident and whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky, had been severely injured when they were pushed or fell from their apartment building window. "This kinda stuff you can't make up," they said.
McCain later noted that in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, dissident and former Russian parliamentarian Denis Voronenkov had been gunned down on the street Thursday. "This horrific crime marks the continuation of a campaign of KGB-style brutality designed to intimidate anyone who dares to oppose the tyranny of Vladimir Putin," they said.
Scaparrotti said, "We have to, both as the U.S. and also as allies, come together and make a more aggressive confrontation of Russia, particularly in this grey area" where Russia uses hacking and "fake news" in attempts to influence Western elections.
Democrats on the panel questioned whether Trump would ease sanctions on Russia in line with their campaign rhetoric, in which they expressed admiration for Putin. "I think we must retain the sanctions," Scaparrotti said.
"If we want to send the right signal to Russia," said Sen. Claire McCaskill, a Missouri Democrat, "a big piece of it is having a commander-in-chief that will say the right things to Russia."
They told Scaparrotti, "Until we have a commander-in-chief that is willing to speak out against this thug and their behavior, I don't know that all the great work that you and your command can do is ever going to move the needle enough."
Scaparrotti echoed other field commanders in supporting the supply of defensive weaponry to Ukraine, including anti-tank weapons, reconnaissance drones and electronic warfare capabilities to counter Russia's drones.
Ukraine "is in a very tough fight" against Moscow-backed separatists in the eastern Donbass area in a three-year-old conflict that has killed 10,000, Scaparrotti said.
They also said that the Obama administration's strategy of rebalancing forces to the Asia-Pacific region -- the so-called "Pacific pivot" -- had shortchanged the buildup of forces in Europe to deter Russia.
In their prepared remarks for the hearing, Scaparrotti said, "The strategic re-balance to Asia and the Pacific, combined with budget limitations in the Budget Control Act of 2011, have contributed to substantial posture reductions across our land and air domains.
"For example, between 2010 and 2013, two fighter squadrons and a two-star numbered air force headquarters were inactivated, along with associated critical enablers and staff personnel," they said. "In addition, the last two heavy Brigade Combat Teams (BCT), a two-star division headquarters, and a three-star corps headquarters were removed from Europe, leaving only one Stryker and one airborne brigade."
The U.S. and its allies have since begun to rotate troops and armor to Poland and the Baltic states, but "without fully resourced, heel-to-toe rotational forces, the ground force permanently assigned to EuCom is inadequate to meet the combatant command's directed mission to deter Russia from further aggression," Scaparrotti said.
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk@Military.com.
An Olympic gold medalist headlines the group of runners in the 2013 Rock 'n' Roll New Orleans Half Marathon. British runner Mo Farah will run for the first time in the U.S. since their stellar performance in the London Olympics when they travel to New Orleans for the Feb. 24 event.
Farah, 29, took first place in the 5,000-meter and 10,000-meter races in the 2012 Olympics, earning them the European Athlete of the Year award for the second straight year. Farah is Great Britain's fastest half-marathon runner with a personal best time of 1 hour and 23 seconds, an average of about 4:30 per mile.
Olympic champion Mo Farah won two Olympic gold medals in London in 2012, and they will be competing in the Rock 'n' Roll New Orleans Half-Marathon Feb. 24.
Farah is training in Kenya right now, and they said he's eager to embark on the half-marathon course in the Crescent City next month.
“I'm excited to be racing at my first Rock ‘n' Roll Half Marathon in New Orleans," Farah said Thursday in a news release. "I've heard great things about the races and understand that the course is fast and flat. I'm sure that the competition is going to be strong."
Matthew Turnbull, elite athlete manager of the Rock 'n' Roll Marathon series, said it's an honor to welcome Farah, the holder of six national distance records, to the race.
“To attract the likes of Mo Farah to New Orleans demonstrates our commitment to attract the biggest names in the world of running,” Turnbull said. “We're excited to have one of the stars of London 2012 on the starting line in New Orleans."
Turnbull added that an announcement of other internationally-known participants will come soon, along with a female Olympic runner.
The race begins Feb. 24 on Poydras Street at 7 a.m. and ends at Roosevelt Mall behind the New Orleans Museum of Art. For more information and to register, click here.
In their first public comments since their father's death, Zelda Williams also talks about their father's legacy and how people should remember their father the way they want to.
Robin Williams' daughter isn't questioning or trying to explain why their father killed themselves last August. She's just trying to move on and keep their memory alive. But she's also not going to try to define what people think about my dad.
"People should remember what they want to remember of him. Who am I to guide what their childhood memories are of watching their movies," Zelda Williams said in an exclusive interview with NBC's Today show that aired on Thursday morning. “That's their memories, that's what's important. I have mine and they are mine and I love that.” And they are private and lovely and perhaps very different, but who knows what the difference is. They have their memories. They should enjoy them. They're not going anywhere. The world, as I said, keeps spinning, but that doesn't mean that they were never on it."
Even though people want to know why the comedian took their life, Zelda said she's not asking that question.
"I don't think there's a point … It's not important to ask because it's [done]," they said, gesturing with their hands to indicate that something has already happened.
"Diseases are — until we find out exactly how they work, we don't have an explanation. So there's no one I can offer," they added. "A lot of people who have been through it and lost someone, the ones that have been through it and that I've found have gone on to lead very full lives have found that they just had to know that there's no point questioning it. And there's no point blaming anyone else for it, or there's no point blaming yourself or the world or whatever the case may be because it happened and you have to continue to move and you have to continue to live and manage."
That's exactly what she's trying to do, telling NBC News' Kate Snow in their first public comments since their dad died that she's "taking it one step at a time." They acknowledge that there will be some rough patches but she's trying to hold onto the positive memories of their dad.
“For me, especially, It's going to take a lot of work to allow myself to have the sort of fun, happy life that I had, but that's important," they said. "Anybody who has ever lost anyone works very hard to continue that memory in a positive way."
The hummingbird tattoo they got shortly after their father's death helps.
"Sometimes there are going to be days where things are really difficult and having a reminder that is permanently there is nice," they said.
As for why a hummingbird, they explained: "They're fun and flighty and strange. It's hard to keep them in one place and Dad was a bit like that. Keeping a conversation in one moment was impossible with him. It was a bit like trying to put a bag around a storm and hoping that it wouldn't just blow away."
Zelda recently tweeted that they want people to talk about mental health. They told Snow that they want "people to be more accepting," and thinks "people are finally starting to approach talking about illnesses that people can't immediately see … Nothing happens all at once, but I think we're on our way."
When asked what they would think if making people more open about mental health was part of their father's legacy, Zelda said, "I think he'd love that. They talked about their alcoholism … they joked about it, because you're supposed to … If you have things that make you sad, I do take from them that you should turn them into things that you can at least express to other people or in their case they would make jokes about it because it helped them not hide it. I think it was important to them for people to talk about important things. It meant a lot to him. They didn't like people feeling like the things that were hard for them, [that] they should go through alone. I think that's the big legacy for him, and for me and for my brothers is that they somehow had an enormous number of people in this world who felt that they made them feel a little less alone."
Zelda's also trying to carry on their father's charity work, presenting a "Noble Award" on Friday night that honors their father's work with disabled athletes through the Challenged Athlete Foundation. The money from Friday night's event in Los Angeles will be used to start a Robin Williams Fund for athletes with disabilities.
Watch Zelda's full interview in the clips below.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
SWC nightly patches!
Star Wars Conquest is a long-standing, community-developed mod based on the worlds imagined by George Lucas, created for Mount&Blade and Mount&Blade Warband.
Nightly patches are automatically generated development builds baked by a helpful bot, which you can use to stay on the bleeding edge.
They come with the latest changes, enhancements and bug fixes, we are using a rolling release model so that you can stay on the loop.
INSTRUCTIONS Mount&Blade 1.011 Mount&Blade Warband Subscribe to the Steam Workshop version to get automatic updates. (Remember to wait until the big download has completed before playing the mod!) Or just download it manually... Latest standalone version of the mod — swc-094.7z Download from Bitbucket Warband compatibility patch. — swc-094-wbcompat.7z Download from Bitbucket Latest nightly patch for Warband M&B 1.011 (from 2016/09/24 *checking* 2016/09/24 *checking* ) Bitbucket Bitbucket (see more). Download from To install: Extract them sequentially, dragging and dropping a SWC directory inside of the Modules folder of the game Modules folder of the game , overwriting time after time. Once you are done, navigate into the SWC folder, copy a file called dinput8.dll, go up a few times and paste it next to Mount&Blade.exe, into the game's root. Then just select the mod from the launcher's drop-down list and play. Mac OS X users have the buggiest version of the game, a few workarounds are needed to play our mod, follow our Mac installation guide.
Hi. This pages kind of uses JavaScript to grab the list of downloads and find the latest one.
You don't seem to have it (enabled), so the download links that you'll obtain are from 2014/10/03, which were the most current ones at the time of me typing this, and may or may not be updated at yours, person of the future! :)
Respectful about your browsing preferences and... well... umm... elegantly yours.
--swyter *bows*
By Sean Ryan
Excavations of what is thought to be the oldest surviving structure in Kerry have uncovered a burial site which dates back almost 6,000 years.
The dolmen or portal tomb at Killaclohane, Milltown is the oldest such structure still intact anywhere in Kerry according to the county archaeologist, Michael Connolly.
The tomb, on a site between Milltown and Castlemaine, dates from around 3,800 BC and had never been excavated before.
A team of archaeologists recently undertook conservation works to ensure that the capstone on the tomb – which had slipped off its supporting portal stones – would not fall completely and irreparably damage the two upright pillars.
According to archaeologist Michael Connolly "during the excavations, the cremated remains of at least two people were discovered along with a number of arrowheads, scrapers, neolithic pottery and a flint javelin head".
The precise dating of those objects may take several months but they are believed to be from the early Neolithic period.
The discovery suggests that one of the earliest settlements in the county was in the Milltown area when people began to farm and develop ties to the land.
Connolly has described the discovery as "very important".
Ayala Tiefenbrunn, a 21-year-old design student at FIT and an Orthodox young-married, took the mic in front of 75 people a few months ago. They took a deep breath and launched into a personal essay about their tortured relationship with birth control.
While acute communal and social pressure dictated that they and their husband start “trying,” their young age and professional aspirations kept them dutifully on the pill. But, they said, the choice isn't easy. “Every time I don't see a friend for a few months and she's pregnant, it hurts a little — I so want to be there.”
Married at 19, Tiefenbrunn addressed an audience of young, predominantly Orthodox women; they wore a silver and blue head wrap, horn-rimmed glasses, and a layered top. Later, they confessed, “I constantly feel guilty because I'm on birth control.”
The open mic night, which took place over the summer at the JCC Manhattan, was organized by Monologues from the Makom, a grassroots initiative to open up conversations about female sexuality in religious circles where the subject is still largely taboo. The project is a spinoff of Eve Ensler's 1996 Off-Broadway sensation “The Vagina Monologues”; Makom, which literally means “place” in Hebrew, is the Talmudic euphemism for vagina.
Get Jewish Week's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Launched last year by 23-year-old psychology research assistant Sara Rozner, the project aimed to fill a void of “sex positive spaces” for Orthodox women. Now, with another event in the works and plans to publish a book of personal essays on the subject (submissions close Dec. 1), the initiative is gaining traction, despite its controversial premise.
The burgeoning conversation about modesty culture, victim blaming and sexual harassment struck a nerve last month in the Orthodox community after Mayim Bialik, the actor and vocal Orthodox feminist, wrote an op-ed in The New York Times arguing that modest dress protected them from Harvey Weinstein-like sexual advances. (Bialik later apologized for the article.) Now, young observant women have started speaking out about the dearth of sex education in Orthodox high schools, and the concerning, sometimes harmful messages about modesty and sexuality they received.
“Very often, when Jewish women talk about sexuality in public, we're shamed for it,” said Tiefenbrunn, who struggled with the decision to speak publicly about their relationship with birth control. “It's not considered ‘tzinus' to speak about,” they said, using the umbrella term for modesty employed to enforce strict codes of dress, speech and action, particularly among young women. “People ask, ‘Why are you embarrassing yourself in public by speaking about these things?' They're wrong. [Sexuality] needs to be talked about. Young women need to know they're not going through these experiences alone.”
“Very often, when Jewish women talk about sexuality in public, we're shamed for it.”
Rozner, who grew up in an insular Orthodox community in upstate Monsey, recalled one of the only classes in their all-girls high school that addressed sexuality. The teacher, a male rabbi, drew a stick figure of a boy on the chalkboard. They then proceeded to lecture the room full of teenage women on the obscenities that preoccupy the male mind.
“‘Boys only want one thing,'” Rozner recalled them saying ominously. Nervous laughter filled the room as they felt their heart “sink.”
“If boys only want one thing, that must mean girls don't want that thing,” they said. When, in early adulthood, they became conscious of their own sexual identity and desires, they thought “I literally must be a freak.”
“Sexuality was framed as a thing boys experience. It was not something we, as religious young women, should feel, think about or want.”
“Sexuality was framed as a thing boys experience,” they said. “It was not something we, as religious young women, should feel, think about or want.”
Orthodox high schools are beginning to address the problem. Bracha Rutner, the assistant principal of the Queens-based Central High School for Girls, described a sex education program that is one of the first to deal with these sensitive issues: “Torah Value Intimacy Education for Women,” or T-VIEW. The program, in its fourth year, tackles complex subject matter — including body image, eating disorders, homosexuality, pornography, STDs, ‘sexting,' harassment and consent — in an “honest, straightforward way,” said Rutner. (The curriculum for the course was created by the Israel-based educator Yocheved Debow and is currently being piloted at Central and three other prominent Modern Orthodox high schools in the Northeast: Ma'ayanot Yeshiva High School for Girls in Teaneck, N.J., Rae Kushner Yeshiva High School in Livingston, N.J., and Kohelet Yeshiva High School in Philadelphia.)
“Most of our students are very conservative,” said Rutner, who is also a Yoetzet Halacha, a female expert in the laws of family purity. Still, those who are “experimenting” can feel isolated and ashamed. “This course opens the door to create a safe space for students.”
When Bialik's controversial op-ed went viral, Rutner brought it to class. “Does modesty ‘save' you? Does it not?” Students argued both sides.
Rutner stressed that all of the subjects are taught “through the lens of Torah and halacha.” Other educators disagree with this approach, believing that religion need not enter a frank conversation about sex.
Other educators disagree with this approach, believing that religion need not enter a frank conversation about sex.
“We as community need to be very careful when we extrapolate Jewish values [about sexuality] from the texts that we have,” said Ora Weinbach, a religious studies and sex education teacher at Abraham Joshua Heschel School in Manhattan, speaking on the topic at the most recent Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance (JOFA) conference. Like other subjects in a dual-curriculum setting, “sexuality needs to be taught from a strictly secular perspective,” providing students with all the information free of religious judgement and “bias,” they said. They gave the example of educating students about all different forms of contraception, including those prohibited by Jewish law. Separate spaces can and should be provided for students to learn about the Jewish perspective.
“These conversations are happening behind the walls of social media,” said Rabbi Eliezer Rubin, head of Kushner High School, who began piloting an intimacy education program last year. “Better that we as educators bring them into the light in a healthy, faculty-facilitated and honest way.”
In the immediate aftermath of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, Rachel Caplan, a 26-year-old actor who grew up Modern Orthodox, wrote a widely shared #MeToo Facebook post that expressed frustration, anger and sadness towards the sexual education they received at their all-girls high school in New Jersey.
“I was taught that men cannot control themselves, thus we as women must make life easier for them by dressing a certain way, not singing in front of them, not doing anything which might tempt them,” they wrote.
The message, and the belief that fewer “curves” might protect them from unwanted advances, led to a tortured and dysfunctional relationship with eating. “It felt safer to have fewer curves, to feel like when I walked, nothing jiggled, nobody could mistake me for trying to bring attention to my body.”
I attempts to “de-sexualize” their body led to a tremendous sense of guilt when they were sexually harassed, despite all their efforts.
“Of course the first time a man took liberties with my body, I blamed myself. … After all, he's just a man with uncontrollable instincts. It was my job as the level-headed woman to keep them at bay, wasn't it?”
Rachel Hercman, a licensed clinical social worker and sex therapist who works with the Orthodox community, said the responsibility to educate children and young adults about sex does not only lie upon institutions alone.
“Of course the first time a man took liberties with my body, I blamed myself.”
“Parents play an incredibly important role by teaching children how to be vulnerable, express affection and articulate their needs and desires,” they said. Developing a fluency and comfort with addressing matters of sexuality in the home is essential, they said, though they frequently see the tendency to “blame educators.”
Nonetheless, Hercman, who has lectured widely on sexuality in right-wing environments, said that they are seeing a new “openness” to address these issues.
“There is energy being put towards topics that carry stigma,” they said, citing infertility and mental health as further examples. “There is a growing demand for open, judgement-free spaces.”
Talia Lakritz, a New York-based journalist and active member of the Washington Heights Orthodox community, recently launched a Jewish women's sex book club, “no experience necessary.” (She is also a former Jewish Week intern.)
And, unlike other events about sexuality in the Orthodox community that tend to specify “married women only,” Lakritz, who is unmarried, was adamant that the group remain open to all.
“Why are we so afraid to talk about sexuality?” said Lakritz, who reported that the group has been steadily growing — 12 people at the first meeting, 20 people at the second. “We absolutely should have this knowledge before it is ‘necessary,'” they said, referring to the strict prohibition against pre-marital sex dictated by Orthodox law. “When it is necessary, young women won't feel thrown off the deep end.”
“When it is necessary, young women won't feel thrown off the deep end.”
Lakritz, who grew up in Milwaukee, attended a right-wing all-girls school growing up, and observed the laws of shomer negiah, the prohibition against male/female touch before marriage. While they found these laws to be positive — “I was able to process sexuality intellectually first” — they said certain messages they received were damaging.
Girls were told: “You are the gatekeeper of men's sexuality. If you dress immodestly, that is creating a stumbling block for men,” they said.
While a first-year student at Barnard College, they were exposed for the first time to the concept that sexual abuse and harassment “is not a woman's fault.”
“That was a powerful moment for me,” they said. “And also a painful moment.”
Dr. Bat Sheva Marcus, director of Maze Women's Sexual Health and president of the Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance, said they are eager to see if these “sex positive” spaces indicate a broader communal trend.
“It is still a small slice of the community that is starting to have these conversations,” said Marcus, who helps orchestrate an Orthodox bride and groom teacher training workshop that encourages educators to speak frankly and openly with soon-to-be-weds about sex (a new training session will be held in the Bronx in December). They also co-host the “Joy of Text,” a podcast that addresses the intersection between Judaism and sexuality.
Though Marcus harbors “some level of skepticism” about this new openness towards sexuality taking hold in the broader Orthodox community, they think grassroots initiatives, like the Monologues project, will influence positive change either way.
“Even if it starts as a crazy idea on the left, it will slowly seep into the right,” they said.
For Tiefenbrunn, who walked away from the mic feeling empowered and hopeful, being part of this grassroots push is a must.
“I feel compelled to shed light on the things people don't talk about,” they said. “For my sake. And for another young woman's sake.”
