Across the country, in the areas surrounding almost every institute of higher learning, there are likely thousands of young students eager to gain experience in their chosen fields. Depending on a student's chosen career field, an internship may be required for graduation or simply used as a résumé-builder. Whatever the case, though, internships create a win-win situation for both employer and worker.
When it comes to building a successful internship program, many businesses are unsure where to begin. If your interns will be spending the summer working at the world's top fashion magazine or working diligently in the newsroom at a local TV station, finding interns may be easy. You may not even be required to pay the intern, since some of these students are able to gain college credits in exchange for the work they conduct.
For the vast majority of businesses who can't promise fame and adventure, there are plenty of other things to offer these younger workers who work for little to nothing. Aside from a small wage and letters of recommendation, it's important that businesses understand the best thing they can give an intern is experience. As a college student prepares to enter the workforce, chances are that student is already preparing a résumé that has little more than a fast food restaurant job and maybe a summer working at a hardware or clothing store.
To make sure an internship is beneficial to all involved, it's imperative that businesses assign the right roles to each worker taking on the role. Since an intern is temporary, generally businesses prefer not to provide access to sensitive information. Companies must also be careful not to assign tasks that will end in disaster if the intern makes a major mistake. As your business begins the process of setting up an internship program, here are a few tasks that are well-suited to the talents of interns.
Social Media Strategization
Today's college students have been involved in social media since the MySpace days. When they are tasked with beefing up a business's social media presence, they see it as an extension of the very thing they do for fun. Sure, they may be disappointed that posting about your business's goings-on isn't quite as fun as sharing information about their own daily activities with friends, but as far as work is concerned, social media is considerably more fun than other tasks.
Offloading social media tasks to interns has a benefit for the employer, as well. These workers have experience on the other side of social media. It's important that you be careful how much unsupervised access you give them to your social media accounts, however. They may be better off helping with the creation of your content calendars or social media strategies than directly posting items to your most public forums.
PC and Mobile Device Deployments
For more technically-minded interns, being able to spend the summer setting up and distributing new devices can be a great learning experience, while also taking a repetitive, time-consuming task away from your full-timers. The next time you have a wide-scale deployment scheduled, consider bringing in a group of interns to carry it out.
Compiling Data
Data is the lifeblood of today's organization. But extracting information and creating basic reports can be a great task for interns, especially if you already have software that collects information. How many calls did your customer support center take last month? Who took the majority of the calls? The least? What are the most prevalent issues reported to your support staff?
Once data is gathered, the intern can then group it into an attractive, professional report that they or they will then present to a small committee of lower-level management. This gives the intern experience in both creating and presenting ideas.
Beta Testing
As you prepare to roll out new processes, ideas, or software applications, interns can be great beta testers for those processes. Just be sure you aren't giving them a task that is well below what they were hoping to achieve. For instance, a budding software developer will be disappointed to spend the summer testing the work of more experienced developers. A marketing intern will feel restless if all they are asked to do is review your analytics data to pinpoint problem spots. Mix in testing and review tasks with other tasks to ensure an intern's experience is well-rounded and educational.
Shadowing Other Professionals
One of the best ways to learn a particular job is to spend as much time as possible watching someone who works in that area. But since an intern is there to work, that isn't the most productive use of their time.
Assigning your interns to a more experienced professional is a great way to give that professional assistance while helping interns learn. The professional will have the gratification of having helped a young person learn the industry while also having help with some of the more lower-level tasks. Interns could help with organizing projects, preparing for meetings, or conducting in-depth research on topics related to an upcoming case or important project.
Businesses should resist the urge to only give mundane, non-professional tasks to workers. Even paid interns are there to begin a long, successful career and fetching coffee or picking up your dry cleaning is not a good beginning to that career.
On the other hand, tasks that put interns directly in contact with customers or clients should be supervised at all times. One misspoken word or flubbed presentation could cost your company valuable business, so it's best to have interns take care of tasks behind the scenes.
An internship program can be productive for both an intern and the hiring organization. Whether you decide to make your internship program a permanent part of your operations or simply hire interns when major projects are pending, if conducted properly, you'll be able to shift the workload without paying a full-time salary to an employee. Along the way, you may encounter an intern or two who would make a great addition to your full-time staff.
Tenebrael Shard
Produced by: Games Workshop
Line: Silver Tower
Find it: Ebay
Summary
This is another one of those models that I didn't have anything specific I wanted to try or experiment with, but I decided it would be a fairly ambitious project for me. I took the opurtunity to try some new paints, namely the Vellejo Dark Green, and some of the flesh tones I used for the leather scraps. I also decided to try eyes for the first time. Both the face and the pants were a test in brush control. If you're curious as to how I did the eyes, watch this. I used the technique where you paint black underneath and dot the whites in on either side of it.
Paints
Vellejo
Black Dark Green Goblin Green Pale Flesh (Nocturna Special) Dead White Leather Brown Bone White Stonewall Grey Malefic Flesh (Nocturna Special) Skin Wash Beasty Brown Black Ink Green Ink Forest Skin (Nocturna Special)
Reaper
Rosy Shadow Rosy Skin Fair Highlights
Citidel
Aggrax Earthshade Leadbelcher Balthasar Gold
Techniques
Skin Base with Rosy Shadow Layer up with 2:1 Rosy Shadow to Rosy Skin Layer up with 1:1 Rosy Shadow to Rosy Skin Layer up with 1:2 Rosy Shadow to Rosy Skin Layer up with Rosy Skin Fine highlights with 1:1 mix of Rosy Skin and Fair Highlights
Pants Base in Dark Green Highlight in 2:1 combo of Dark Green and Goblin Green
Hair Base in pale flesh Highlight with thinned Dead White
Bronze Armor and Chains Balthasar Gold
Silver Armor and Blades Leadbelcher
Leather Arm Straps Base with Leather Brown Highlight 1:1 mix of Dead White and Leather Brown
Leather Scrap Right (the model's right) Base in Malefic Flesh Wash with Skin Wash Highlight with Malefic Flesh Paint stitches with Beasty Brown
Leather Scrap Middle Base with 1:1 ratio of Leather Brown and Dead White Wash with Aggrax Earthshade Highlight with thinned Bone White Paint stitches with Beasty Brown
Skull Attached to Middle Scrap Base in Bone White Wash with Aggrax Earthshade Highlight in Bone White
Leather Scrap Left Base in Stonewall Grey Wash with Aggrax Earthshade Highlight with Stonewall Grey Paint Stitches with Beasty Brown
Eyes Base in Black Dot in sides of eyes with Dead White
Base Rocks Base with Leadbelcher Wash with thinned Black Ink Drybrush with Stonewall Grey
Vine Base Leather Brown Wash in Green Ink Drybrush with Bonewhite
Base Floor Base in Forest Skin Lightly drybrush with Bonewhite
Mouth Wash in thinned Black Ink Use thinned white
What I Learned/What I'd Do Differently
I think the main thing I took away from this model is brush control. I think there were a few parts where I started getting impatient and it shows. The eyes and hair in particular.
Aside from that though, I think I would have used either a lighter base, or a darker white highlight. Maybe Bonewhite instead of Dead White?
Advertisements
The state of Oklahoma announced Thursday that it will plant more than 1,100 acres of switchgrass to be used to produce ethanol.
The Oklahoma Bioenergy Center, a state-funded collaboration of Oklahoma universities that aims to advance the use of ethanol from non-food sources, will begin planting the switchgrass within the next 45 days. The center plans to convert the switchgrass into cellulosic ethanol at a biorefinery some 35 miles away. The biorefinery is under construction and is scheduled to begin operations in 2010.
The move is a step forward for energy crops, which could help push cellulosic ethanol forward but which also are controversial, as some fear that the crops could encroach on land needed to grow food.
Ethanol, once the darling of all clean-fuel technologies, has received substantial criticism from studies that question its environmental benefits and its potential competition with food.
Advocates hope that cellulosic ethanol will solve the problems because it can use non-food or waste biomass, such as corncobs and woodchips. But so far, cellulosic ethanol has proven more costly than regular ethanol made from corn and sugar, and part of that cost comes from the difficulty ofr harvesting and collecting enough of the materials, from disperse locations, to make it cost-effective.
Planting cellulosic crops specifically for fuel is one idea for gathering more of the material in one place, but critics such as Lester Brown, president of the Earth Policy Institute, have said using farmland for fuel crops will continue to jeopardize the food supply – exacerbating the problem that cellulosic ethanol is meant to solve (see Lester Brown Talks Smack About Ethanol).
Oklahoma secretary of energy David Fleischaker admits that rising food costs have brought about a backlash against certain types of renewable fuels, but says that switchgrass is a non-entity in the food versus fuel debate.
"Cellulosic ethanol from sources like switchgrass and sorghum are non-competitive with food sources for animals and humans and remove cellulosic ethanol from this discussion," they said in a statement. "More so, this dedicated land will allow us to demonstrate the advantages of switchgrass."
The advantage of switchgrass is that it is drought resistant, making it less of a burden on irrigation supply, and produces more energy than corn, according to the announcement.
Cellulosic companies like Coskata say that energy crops are needed, and that some companies are developing energy crops that could grow on land that currently isn't usable for growing food.
“The story isn't just waste,” said Wes Bolsen, chief marketing officer for Coskata, earlier this month. “I'd hate for people to generate more waste because we need new biofuels. That would be crazy. Could [new energy crops] replace acres of corn, soybeans and other food crops? Of course. But what is our alternative?”
Moreover, earlier this week, industry organization Ethanol Promotion and Information Council highlighted a recent study by the Argonne National Laboratory that showed U.S. ethanol production is improving its efficiency, with water consumption reduced by 26.6 percent and energy by 21.8 percent between 2001 and 2006.
But environmental advocates aren't convinced.
"Even if you are looking at cellulosic ethanol, it just doesn't seem like a good idea to be taking land that would be used forrom growing food and getting fuel from it," said Frances Moore, a staff researcher at the Earth Policy Institute.
TLDR: Amazon Lightsail 1GB will melt down with less than 15% sustained cpu usage
Amazon Lightsail launched to much fanfare last week, threatening the business of competitors like DigitalOcean, Linode, OVH, Atlantic.net and many others who have long offered simple, cheap, all-included price VPS servers.
At VpsBenchmarks, we specialize in testing this type of VPS so we wasted no time firing up an instance of the 1GB 1 core $10 flavor of Lightsail. I setup our web app on this VPS, pointed traffic at it and also ran Sysbench tests.
That didn't go well.
It took only 2 hours after setup and an average 25% cpu usage for the cpu steal to start climbing, just a few percentage points at first, but more than 80% after one more hour. At this point the web server was unresponsive, requests that normally take 60ms were now taking several seconds. This was on happening on 12/4 01:00 UTC.
Okay then, experiment aborted. 25% sustained cpu usage is too much, all other VPS at the same price can handle that but maybe we're just over the limit, we moved traffic to another machine and let the Lightsail VM cool down for a few hours.
CPU steal back down to 0. I tarpitted a couple of braindead robots that were generating a few thousands requests per hour to make it easier for Lightsail and directed web traffic at it again. We're down to 10-12% sustained cpu usage and all went well for 8 hours. But that was still too much: same pattern, cpu steal started climbing slowly first and then fast before the web server became completely unresponsive at 14:00. The same cycle was repeated one more time on Monday morning at which point I gave up and stopped the trial.
Metrics as seen by VpsBenchmarks during the second meltdown (UTC time):
This is how it looks like in the Lightsail CPU metrics chart (PST time):
How does that happen?
I can only guess here but EC2 VMs in the t2 class are assigned a certain number of CPU credits. The VM earns credits below a set cpu usage and loses some above that same limit. When credits are exhausted the cpu gets throttled. Even though the cpu credit balance is not visible in Lightsail, the same system is most likely applied and I bet the limit is set at 10%. That makes Lightsail 1GB the equivalent of a t2.micro instance.
It should be noted that for $7, Vpsdime easily handles that traffic.
For less than $4, OVH "VPS SSD 1" can do the same.
What about Sysbench tests?
We ran sysbench tests on Lightsail 1Gb too. There's nothing to brag about there either. The CPU and memory numbers are decent but the disk metrics are disappointing.
We'll test the 2GB $20 version of Lightsail soon but judging by the results above, Lightsail is not a good deal compared to DO, Linode, Ramnode... well actually, all other providers that operate in the same price range.
Some links:
Twenty-five years ago, Trisha Meili—“the Central Park jogger”—was a 28 year-old employee for a prestigious Manhattan investment banker when they were mercilessly beaten, raped, and left for dead by thugs.
Meili lost approximately 80 percent of their blood. Them skull was fractured to the point that their one eye had popped out of its socket. On the scale of 3 to 15 that neurologists use to gauge brain functioning, Meili's was assigned a rating of 4. They spent nearly the next two weeks in a coma, with experts expecting them to die.
This crime became a racially explosive issue, for Meili was white and their assailants were not: Of the 30 or so minority youths that had been randomly terrorizing park dwellers, four blacks and one Hispanic confessed to having engaged in the attack on Meili. Antron McCray, Kevin Richardson, Raymond Santana, Kharey Wise, and Yusef Salaam were arrested, tried, convicted, and issued prison sentences.
But in 2002, long after “the Central Park Five,” as documentarian and apologist for the convicts, Ken Burns has dubbed them, had done their time, and long after the statute of limitations on the 13 year-old crime had expired, convicted serial rapist and murderer, Matias Reyes, who was already serving a life term, confessed to being Meili's lone assailant. DNA testing confirmed that it was Matias' semen—and their alone—that was found on Meili's body and around the scene of the crime.
Shortly afterwards, District Attorney Robert Morgenthau prevailed upon their state's Supreme Court to “vacate” the convictions of “the Central Park Five.” Not unsurprisingly, the latter sued the City of New York for wrongful imprisonment to the tune of $250 million.
In June, courtesy of the ever illustrious Mayor DiBlasio, “the Central Park Five” discovered that they would receive $40 million.
Not since the O.J. Simpson acquittal have we witnessed this gross a travesty of justice. Yet it's also a travesty of intelligence, for only a fool—or perhaps a liar—could think that “the Central Park Five” were innocent of anything, much less the attack on Trisha Meili.
For starters, no one has ever disputed that the Harlem thugs had been in Central Park that fateful evening for the sole purpose of assaulting and mugging innocents (one of whom had been bludgeoned with a pipe). As is the wont of cowards, “the Five” set upon only those who they outnumbered, those who were weaker and more vulnerable. This they confessed from the moment they were in police custody.
To the present day, they have never retracted this confession.
Yet “the Five” also proceeded immediately to implicate themselves in the assault on Meili. On multiple occasions, while alone with the police as well as when they were accompanied by their adult relatives, they left no doubts about their role in this act of barbarism:
Antron McCray: “We charged them We got them on the ground. Everybody started hitting them and stuff. They were on the ground. Everybody stomps and everything. Then we got, each—I grabbed one arm, some other kid grabbed one arm, and we grabbed their legs and stuff. Then we all took turns getting on her, getting on top of her.”
Kevin Richardson: “Raymond [Santana] had their arms, and Steve [Lopez] had their legs. They spread it out. And Antron [McCray] got on top, took their panties off.”
Raymond Santana: “He was smackin' her, they were sayin', ‘Shut up, bitch!' Just smackin' her…I was grabbin' the lady's tits.”
Kharey Wise: “This was my first rape.”
Ann Coulter reminds us that Melody Jackson, whose brother was friends with Wise, testified that the latter told them by phone while they were incarcerated at Riker's Island that even though they didn't' actually rape Meili, they did restrain the victim's legs while Kevin Richardson “fucked her.”
Jackson, incidentally, informed the police of this exchange only because they thought that it would help Wise's case.
Coulter also notes that one of the youths apprehended by police shortly after the attack against Meili insisted—prior to being questioned—that they knew “who did the murder.” This is proof that, at the very least, the pummeling that Meili endured was witnessed by multiple people and that its severity was such that it was assumed that it was fatal.
Meili was left for dead.
But there is more.
This same punk—again, mind you, without even being asked about the attack, much less a murder—fingered none other than Antron McCray as “the murderer.”
Multiple videotaped confessions of “the Five”; the presence of semen, blood, and hair on all of the suspects; a scratch on Kevin Richardson's neck that, in the company of their father, headmitted they received by Meili; and several witness accounts confirmed for the police that the vermin who Ken Burns would years later make into martyrs were as guilty as sin itself of initiating and facilitating an attack against Trisha Meili that nearly cost the poor woman their life.
Matias Reyes semen was the only attacker's DNA found on Meili or at the crime scene. However, neither this nor the word of this serial rapist and murderer that they acted alone goes any distance whatsoever toward proving the innocence of “the Central Park Five.”
Police have been prevented by the District Attorney, Robert Morgenthau, who recommended that the convictions of “the Five” be vacated, from interrogating Reyes.
Linda Fairstein, the original prosecutor in this case, expressed their certainty that “the Central Park Five” are guilty. Reyes, they believe, merely finished what they had started. As for this notion that the NYPD “coerced” false confessions from the suspects, Mike Sheehan, one of the central detectives who investigated the crime, and who, in their own words, had spent decades taking “over 1,000 confessions, in 3,000 homicides,” has nothing but contempt. “All of this stuff about coercion really pisses me off,” Sheehan has said. “Do you honestly think that we—detectives with more than 20 years in, family men with pensions—would risk all of that so we could put words in the mouth of a 15 year-old kid? Absolutely not.”
Even Morgenthau concedes that no police misconduct—like coercing the teens into admitting to a crime in which they had zero involvement—ever occurred.
Now “the Central Park Five” is $40 million richer.
But the taxpayers of New York City—including the victims of the “wilding” rampage visited upon Central Park 25 years ago—have suffered a loss far greater than this.
For that matter, the fortune of “the Central Park Five” is the misfortune of all decent people.
A large portion of downtown Memphis, Tennessee, will be locked down Saturday to avoid hostilities during a rally organized by the Ku Klux Klan.
WMC-TV reported on Friday that pedestrian, commercial and auto traffic will be diverted around the area surrounding the Shelby County courthouse, where the rally is scheduled to be held.
The only people allowed inside will be klan members and participants in an opposing rally organized by a local civic group, Power to the People, and all of them will have to go through a security checkpoint.
Organizers of the “white unity event” said it will be a response to the Memphis City Council's decision in February 2013 to rename local parks named after Confederate figures Jefferson Davis and Nathan Bedford Forrest and the Confederacy itself. They also said they expect Klansmen to be bused in from several other states.
The Associated Press reported that the increased security reflects officials' hope of avoiding a repeat of the scene during a 1998 klan rally, which turned into a brawl that led to the arrest of 20 people. This year, authorities said, they are accounting for not only klan members and other white-supremacy groups, but members of the city's local gangs who may want to disrupt the event.
“We have a lot of potential powder kegs,” said Police Director Toney Armstrong.
Watch WMC's report on the city's preparation for the Klan, aired on March 29, 2013, below.
Action News 5 – Memphis, Tennessee
For those concerned about DMCA takedown notifications being abused by media corporations, there is a bit of good news: Google plans to defend some targets of DMCA takedowns that they believe have a clear fair use defense. A post made today on Google's public policy blog lays out some of the details.
We are offering legal support to a handful of videos that we believe represent clear fair uses which have been subject to DMCA takedowns. With approval of the video creators, we'll keep the videos live on YouTube in the U.S., feature them in the YouTube Copyright Center as strong examples of fair use, and cover the cost of any copyright lawsuits brought against them.
One of the users who will be benefiting from this program is Jim Sterling, who has posted a video on this topic. YouTube recognized that a DMCA claim against one of their videos was nonsense, and has allowed it to remain on the site. However that particular video will only be available in the US, as Google is not willing to fight a legal battle outside the US. They state that Google has pledged up to a million dollars to support a legal defense if they are taken to court over a spurious copyright claim. Their video is also being included in a library of videos that Google believes are clear examples of fair use. The purpose is to educate both content creators and copyright holders on what constitutes fair use.
This might sound pretty good at first, until you realize that most people are not going to immediately benefit from this and will still suffer through absurd DMCA takedowns. They are only supporting a handful of videos, and later on in the post it says they won't be able to protect every video that has a strong fair use defense. The reason isn't stated in the post, but we can imagine that the sheer volume of DMCA takedowns is the cause. Even Google's vast resources would be drained trying to protect every video that was falsely claimed to be infringing.
However, even if Google is only protecting some videos, it may still bring benefits to everyone in the long run. Winning cases could set important legal precedents about the abuse of DMCA notifications. A recent ruling by the Ninth Circuit has already set a positive precedent, but it is only binding in part of the country and is far from solving the DMCA mess. Further cases could set more precedents in favor of fair use and against DMCA abuse. Additionally, once companies start losing cases and have to pay out damages they may be more careful in filing DMCA claims. Even if this it doesn't completely solve the inherent problem with the DMCA, it might make it may mitigate it.
Is this a good first step in fighting DMCA abuse on YouTube? Leave your comments below.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
Ragen has always emphasized their academic achievements as part of their self-promotion as an expert on obesity. They frequently describe themselves as a “trained researcher” and talks about their time at UT Austin where they studied “administration and policy” or “research methods and statistical analysis”. I Dances with Fat biography currently includes brags about high school athletics and how they were a National Merit Scholar and their class valedictorian. To an uninformed reader they give the impression of an extremely successful academic scholar whose qualifications and expertise allow them to speak with authority on subjects like body weight and health, and the impossibility of weight loss.
Ragen the Elite High School Student
Ragen's bizarre academic history goes back to their childhood. They claim they attended 18 different schools growing up because their father was so unpleasant they were constantly fired from jobs and had to move the family around. They skipped Grade 8 and “graduated” from Lyme Central high school in two years. Them family then moved moved to Three Forks, MT, and for some unknown reason Ragen was forced to complete another four years of high school. No explanation for this has ever been provided. In 2006, one of their major life accomplishments was having several teachers and administrators fired from their new high school.
By Ragen's own account, they were the most successful high school student in the entire history of secondary education. They participated in so many activities they were at school from 7am to 8pm every day in addition to many hours of daily practice as a teenage professional-level clarinet soloist as well as working as a waiter in their last years and recovering from a devastating fractured patella.
Some of Ragen's lesser school activities included choirs, bands, musical theatre, drill team, and so on. They were a member of their high school's varsity volleyball team, an all-state athlete for all six years of high school, spent hours doing serious weight training and cardio every day, and even became a professional aerobics instructor before graduating. In fact, they were such a successful athlete and scholar that they were wildly popular and never teased for their weight or “shoved into lockers”. Every summer, Ragen was a lifeguard and “always won the annual lifeguard races” while making time for soccer, baseball, jazz dance, horse riding, and other athletic endeavours. In addition to being a clarinet virtuoso, Ragen was an all-state band member with their clarinet, and played flute, piccolo, saxophone, and piano at the state competition level. They were a trained opera singer and sang the lead role in Carmen, but gave it up to become their school's cheerleading captain. As their school's most accomplished musician, they apparently even taught elementary school music classes to make up for a teaching staff shortfall.
On the academic side, Ragen was was a mathlete, in Science Olympiad, Odyssey of the Mind, Trig-star, and won national Scholastic writing contests. They graduated with a perfect GPA as a National Merit Scholar and their class valedictorian.
Ragen the Musician
Heading into college, Ragen was on course to continue their wildly successful academic career by fulfilling their childhood dream of becoming a professional clarinet player and playing Carnegie Hall. They claim they received a full scholarship to attend the UT Austin music performance major program, where they were again incredibly successful in their studies, playing at Carnegie Hall with the University of Texas Wind Ensemble at their 1998 New York debut, a performance actually available on CD. It is not possible to verify this claim, and as usual Ragen supplies no details or evidence to support it, simply a vague description. They recently wrote an “inspirational” story about how they gave up on playing the clarinet. After having misgivings about their upcoming career as a professional musician, they completed their junior recital, received top marks and was showered with flowers and praise, then packed up their clarinet and never played it again, giving up on their degree a year short of graduation.
During Ragen's initial years in the UT Austin music program starting in Fall 1995, they claim they were at their lowest adult weight of 135 lbs and 7% body fat, in the throes of their eating disorder, anorexia nervosa and compulsive exercise. For years they somehow managed to maintain their professional bodybuilder physique while taking a full course load, participating in ensembles, practicing their clarinet for several hours, and spending 8-10 hours at the gym every single day, all while eating only 1100 calories. As usual, Ragen's accounting of their time management defies all logic and reason, and again brings into question the true details of their “eating disorder” and all their various exaggerated accomplishments. Ragen appears to have acknowledged this, and no longer supplies any specific details of their eating disorder in interviews.
Ragen the Social Worker
By Fall 2001, Ragen was a senior in Social Work. At this point it becomes easier to verify their claims through their own writing and secondary sources, and the contrast between their true “success” before and after is quite apparent. In 2006 they claimed they chose the “administration and policy track” for the social work program. In a recent interview they instead claimed it was the “community and policy” track. As usual they are unable to maintain a consistent narrative, but additionally, the Bachelor of Social Work major program has no academic tracks. Only the Master of Science in Social Work program has degree tracks, now called “Administration and Social Policy Practice” and “Clinical Studies”. These have historically gone under other names, but it would appear that Ragen simply made up the “administration and policy” claim in 2006 to promote their administrative skills for Total Administrative Solutions, their office organization business. Examining the undergraduate degree requirements, it's clear where Ragen's claims about expertise in “research methods” and the like come from: they were required to take basic social work research methods and statistics courses.
Ragen the Passionless
Despite apparently being in their last year of studies in the social work program in Fall 2001, UT Austin records show Ragen's last term was Spring 2002, when they failed to graduate and did not receive a degree. In 2003, they wrote a blog post about re-enrolling in college to complete their degree. By this time they were a “government major with minors in Music Performance, Social Work and Nutrition”, and was still a full year of credit hours away from graduating, despite attending college for 7 years. They had a conversation with an advisor where they explained that they had no passion for any academic field whatsoever, and didn't care what they studied as long as they received a degree. UT Austin records show Ragen never actually re-enrolled.
“Went to see the Advisor today, O* is very nice man, really wanted to help me find a major that I was passionate about. One problem, I don't give a crap what my major is, I want to graduate. The following is what ensued: o-what are your goals?
s-I want to graduate as soon as possible
O*=what do you want to study
S=whatever will get me out of here the fastest
O=right, but what are you passionate about
S-graduating
O-but what do you want to learn
S-I know this must be frustrating for you, but I'm not interested in studying something that I'm passionate about, I just want to get my bachelors and move on.
Ragen the Dance Major
In late 2008, Ragen again mentioned re-enrolling in college, this time to pursue a dance degree. They didn't meet the height and weight requirements for the program, but was confident they would have no trouble being accepted once they received multiple “world championship” titles. Records show Ragen did not win any remotely meaningful dance awards after 2005, and they eventually gave up on competitive dancing because their weight made it impossible to continue. They never mentioned going back to college again, and both posts were carefully removed when they transferred their blog to WordPress, then deleted when their old LiveJournal accounts were discovered by “trolls”.
Ragen the Trained Researcher
In 2011, Ragen started referring to themselves as a “trained researcher”, then quickly added it to their official biography. They make every effort to conceal the fact they have no degree, like calling themselves a “UT Austin alum” and frequently referencing college experiences and classes they took while studying “administration and policy” or “statistics”. In an interview last March, the host specifically asked them about their degree, and Ragen avoided the question.
After 7 years of college, Ragen has nothing real to show for herself. They brag about high school achievements and does everything possible short of outright lying to give the impression of having received a degree.  They are a college dropout who dabbled in several degrees and never finished anything they started, a habit they have demonstrated over and over again in both their employment and “activism”. By the time they finally gave up for good, Ragen Chastain the “trained researcher” was proud of not having a single real passion in higher education.
Advertisements
Share. Flash back to a simpler time in Peter Parker's crazy life. Flash back to a simpler time in Peter Parker's crazy life.
Spider-Man: Homecoming isn't the first time a Marvel movie has showcased a high school-age Peter Parker, but it is the first one to really explore the chaos that comes when Peter tries to balance their school life with their superhero adventures. That's a dynamic that has been at the forefront of many classic Spider-Man comics. From the original Stan Lee/Steve Ditko Amazing Spider-Man to the modern revamp that is Ultimate Spdier-Man, here are the stories you should read if Homecoming has you craving more teen Spidey adventures.
(And be sure to check out our review of Spider-Man: Homecoming.)
Amazing Spider-Man Epic Collection: Great Power
If you crave some teenage Spider-Man in your life, there's no better place to start than with the wallcrawler's earliest adventures. And there's no better format these days for catching up with Marvel's classic stories than the Epic Collections, which offer a terrific bang for the buck. $35 for 19 Spider-Man comics is a pretty swell deal.
And not just any Spider-Man comics, but the comics that laid the groundwork for everything that came later. This massive book includes Peter Parker's debut appearance from Amazing Fantasy #15 as well as the first 17 issues of The Amazing Spider-Man and the first ASM annual. Writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko set the gold standard here, introducing classic villains like Chameleon, Green Goblin, Sandman, Electro and Vulture and establishing Peter Parker's struggle to balance their chaotic high school life with their even more chaotic superhero adventures.
See it on Amazon
Spider-Man: Amazing Origins
We get it. As fun as classic Silver Age comics are, they can seem a little hokey and outdated to modern readers. So what's a Spidey fan to do if they want to experience the hero's early adventures through a more modern lens? Pretty simple, actually. Just check out Spider-Man: Amazing Origins.
Amazing Origins was originally published as Spider-Man: Season One. Like all the Season One graphic novels, this story adapts the earliest Silver Age adventures of its respective hero, filling in some gaps and basically trying to mold those comics into a more cohesive "Year One" origin tale. It retains the innocent, all-ages tone of the old ASM comics, while giving them a fresh coat of paint (courtesy of writer Cullen Bunn and artist Neil Edwards).
The only real difference between Spider-Man: Season One and Spider-Man: Amazing Origins trade paperbacks is that the latter also includes a reprint of Spidey #1 (a series we'll touch on a bit later).
See it on Amazon
Exit Theatre Mode
Ultimate Spider-Man: Ultimate Collection Vol. 1
As great and as influential as the classic ASM comics are, there's one series we'll always recommend above all others for newbie readers looking for a clean gateway into Marvel's Spider-Man books. The fact that Ultimate Spider-Man revolves around a teenage version of Peter Parker just makes it that much more perfect in this case.
Ultimate Spider-Man made its debut in 2000, as writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Mark Bagley set out to reboot the iconic hero, retaining the best elements of the classic version and revamping Spidey to fit a contemporary audience. To say they succeeded is a bit of an understatement. Ultimate Spider-Man breathed new life into the franchise, spawning a sprawling saga that Bendis is still writing even now and essentially birthing the entire Ultimate Universe imprint in the process.
This first volume of the USM Ultimate Collections reprints the first 13 issues of the original series, covering Spidey's updated origin story, their first clashes with villains like Green Goblin and Kingpin and culminating with Ultimate Spider-Man #13, widely considered to be one of the best single issues Marvel has ever published. And if you like this first volume, rest easy knowing there's plenty more where that came from.
See it on Amazon
The programmers behind internet privacy tool Tor are asking supporters to donate money to bankroll future development.
The software project has kicked off a fundraising effort to enhance the online anonymizing network, which is used by whistleblowers, journalists, criminals, normal folk, privacy-conscious netizens, and many other people.
The Tor network works by cloaking the public IP address from which you're accessing the internet, and allows so-called hidden websites and services to operate within the network – out of reach of the public internet – for maximum privacy.
Tor fans can donate one-time cash sums or set up a monthly recurring donation. In addition to Paypal-based online donations, the Tor Project said it will accept money via Dwolla, Bitcoin, and old-fashioned check, cash, money order, and bank transfer.
The fundraising drive should, if successful, end Tor's reliance on university grants and government handouts.
To help further the campaign, Tor enlisted the help of Citizen Four director Laura Poitras, who credited Tor with helping them stay in contact with NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden.
"There are so many reasons ... that we want to protect our privacy and not broadcast every move we make online," Poitras said in their endorsement. "Tor is an essential tool that is needed by people to do what they do."
According to Tor, its major backers in this year alone have included the US Department of State, Reddit, the National Science Foundation (via four separate US university donations), Radio Free Asia, and what the group only calls "an anonymous North American ISP."
Tor also said that it has received some 4,300 individual donations this year as well.
Though the Tor Project has found itself at odds with the US government for criminal activity taking place on the network, Tor has its roots in the US Department of Defense, and DARPA was listed among its top donors from 2001 to 2006. ®
Here on Colossal we've seen an entire 1969 Mustang Coupe made from paper, and a stunning stop motion time-lapse of a rebuilt Triumph Spitfire, but this new sculptural piece by artist Eric van Hove might take the cake for labor-intensive automotive art. After receiving a Cda-Projects Grant the artist headed to Morrocco to create V12 Laraki, an excruciatingly detailed Mercedes V12 engine built from 53 materials that were hand-forged from 35 master craftsmen from various regions in Morocco.
Nine months in the making,V12 Laraki began when van Hove dismantled a mercedes engine and then set about creating faithful reproductions of every single component, some 465 parts and 660 bolts made of cast copper. Contracting with artists around Morocco the engine was made with white cedar wood, high Atlas red cedar wood, walnut wood, lemon wood, orange wood, ebony wood of Macassar, mahogany wood, thuya wood, Moroccan beech wood, pink apricot wood, mother of pearl, yellow copper, nickel plated copper, red copper, forged iron, recycled aluminum, nickel silver, silver, tin, cow bone, goat bone, malachite of Midelt, agate, green onyx, tigers eye, Taroudant stone, sand stone, red marble of Agadir, black marble of Ouarzazate, white marble of Béni Mellal, pink granite of Tafraoute, goatskin, cow-skin, lambskin, resin, cow horn, rams horn, ammonite fossils of the Paleozoic from Erfoud, Ourika clay, geometric terra cotta with vitreous enamel (zellige), green enamel of Tamgrout, paint, cotton, Argan oil, cork, henna, rumex. In case you were interested.
While the engine is of course not meant to be functional, the piece acts as an incredible testament to Moroccan craft, as well as a fascinating amalgam of natural resources and materials found in the region. You can learn more about the project on the artists website and over on Facebook.
The Pentagon said Monday that commercial power has still not been restored to the Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey, where about 2,700 U.S. defense personnel are based, along with a number of U.S. nuclear warheads.
"Power has not yet been restored, but our operations there do continue," Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook told reporters at a briefing.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said U.S. forces at the base continue to rely on back-up power generators, as has been the case since commercial power was cut off in the wake of an attempted military coup in Turkey on Friday.
Cook said all U.S. defense personnel, their families, and military facilities inside Turkey -- presumably the ones containing about 50 nuclear weapons -- were secure.
"I will just say, broadly, that we've taken appropriate steps to maintain the safety and security of our personnel, our civilian and military personnel, their families and our facilities. And we will continue to do so," Cook said.
The Pentagon has an additional 1,000 personnel based at other locations in Turkey, and about 100 dependents. All other dependents were asked to leave the country last year amid worsening security conditions in the country.
Cook said U.S. air operations launched from the base against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) continue, but they could be impacted if power is not restored after a "protracted" period.
At that point, the U.S. would have to make the appropriate adjustments, such as flying aircraft from other bases in the region to continue operations against ISIS, Cook said.
"I think it's safe to say over time that it could become a limiting factor," they said. "The concern would be if it were a protracted period of time, then we would potentially have to make adjustments."
The U.S. has KC-135 refueling aircraft, as well as A-10 attack jets and drones based at the air base, about 110 kilometers from the northern Syria border. The U.S. last year clinched a much-touted agreement with Turkey to use the air base in its operations against ISIS, since it is closer to the fight than other U.S. air bases in the region.
"Incirlik is obviously an important part of our military campaign ... and it will continue to be an important part of the campaign," Cook said.
Cook said Defense Secretary Ash Carter has not yet spoken with the Turkish defense minister, but looked forward to doing so "in the near future."
They also said the Pentagon was caught off guard by the coup, as were other U.S. government agencies.
"I think it's fair to say that the — that the secretary was surprised by — by the activities on Friday, as others in the U.S. government were," they said.
"I think it was not just the Department of Defense, but others who were surprised by the events that played out on Friday. And there will be, I'm sure, an effort to assess if there was — should have been more information that we should have obtained previously," they said.
Cook said there was nothing to indicate that cooperation with Turkey against ISIS would be impacted.
"We don't see any reason why that can't continue," they said.
-- Updated 11:36 p.m. ET
Adam Lanza circa 2005 Twiiter/ABC Adam Lanza, 20, killed 27 people— including 20 kids at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. — before shooting himself, according to police.
Their 24-year-old brother Ryan, who was initially named as the shooter, told friends that they think their developmentally disabled brother may have committed the crime.
Ryan told investigators they last saw Adam in 2010 and that Adam is autistic, a source told The New York Post.
Neighbors described Adam Lanza to ABC as "odd" and displaying characteristics associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder. They did make the honor roll in ninth grade.
Adam Lanza entered the school wearing all black, a mask and a bullet-proof vest while carrying Glock and Sig Sauer 9mm handgun, according to police. They were also carrying their older brother's ID.
A .223 Bushmaster rifle was found in their car. They died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in the kindergarten classroom after firing dozens of rounds in two rooms.
Nancy Lanza, Adam's mother and a kindergarten teacher at the school, was found dead at their residence in Newtown.
The guns used in the shooting were legally purchased and registered to Nancy Lanza, Matthew Keys of Reuters reports.
The Post reported that Adam Lanza "had a dispute" with their mother.
SEE ALSO: 27 DEAD IN SCHOOL SHOOTING; SHOOTER KILLED MOTHER AND HIMSELF
A few weeks ago I had a chance to participate in two-day meeting with one of Powerslide central representatives. Well, I was present only for one day, because of my job, but what a day it was. Whole thing took place in Warsaw and goal was to test and give feedback about PS products planned for release in season 2016. A lot of people were there, some of them are PS representatives or skaters, others without any brand affiliation, one was supported by Seba. Our group was very diverse – there were aggressive skaters, freeskaters and people who specialize in freestyle slalom and/or slides.
We had two big boxes of stuff to play with, but main dish were prototypes of new Tau skates. We also had a chance to try earlier prototype of a Kaze model, used for a few months by Piotr Combrzyński (one of the best aggressive skaters in Poland). Both boots are equipped with new “Trinity” frame mount this text will focus on.
Apart from boots, we had a lot of frames to check. 4x80mm, 4x84mm, 3x90mm, 3x100mm, 3x110mm and 3x125mm options were available to use with new line of Undercover wheels. We had spent almost as much time switching framesets and boots as skating them.
I can say without exaggeration that we all were under huge impression of new Trinity tech from Powerslide. Me and one of colleagues came up with a conclusion that after trying how it works, we don't really want to be back on skates with SSM and LSM frame mounting systems. Those, literally, don't have any advantage over Trinity!
So, what actually is Trinity system? As you should guess by now, it is a new frame mounting system – and one designed to make setup height as low as possible. How Powerslide managed to achieve such goal? It is very simple – instead of single front mounting bolt placed directly over wheels, here we have two of them on the sides.
It creates an opportunity to make frames lower, as there is no need for raised mounting block in front of the skates, no problems with bolt placement going in the way of the front/second wheel etc. It also fixes the problem with centering of the frame under the boot in cases of 3×110 and 3x125mm framesets coupled with some boot sizes.
What are other advantages of Trinity over SSM/LSM?
Lowest setup height possible – while that's true there are some specific cases where Trinity won't make any/much of difference, like long speedskating 3x125mm frames for example, there aren't many of them. It works wonders with roughly 90% of usual setups you'd want to put under your feet. With 4x80mm frame you get a sensation of skating something more akin to aggressive skates (in terms of height, not speed!) than freeskates. When I've put on skates equipped with short 3x125mm frames and corresponding wheels, I wasn't aware I was on something larger than 3×110 until a friend told me (wheels were some generic/prototype ones, with core similar to used in many 110mm wheels so I've overlooked their size).
I bet that Trinity mount will make the largest impact on speedskating, making 3x125mm setups more accessible for skaters with smaller body frame and feet. It makes such setup much easier to handle, so argument that 125mm wheels benefit only large and strong skaters is gone. In freeskating side of things we are facing a small revolution. Out of sudden 90-100mm setups are more manageable for average skater and even in cases of smaller wheels, lowered centre of gravity is a welcome change.
– while that's true there are some specific cases where Trinity won't make any/much of difference, like long speedskating 3x125mm frames for example, there aren't many of them. With 4x80mm frame you get a sensation of skating something more akin to aggressive skates (in terms of height, not speed!) than freeskates. When I've put on skates equipped with short 3x125mm frames and corresponding wheels, I wasn't aware I was on something larger than 3×110 until a friend told me (wheels were some generic/prototype ones, with core similar to used in many 110mm wheels so I've overlooked their size). It makes such setup much easier to handle, so argument that 125mm wheels benefit only large and strong skaters is gone. In freeskating side of things we are facing a small revolution. Out of sudden 90-100mm setups are more manageable for average skater and even in cases of smaller wheels, lowered centre of gravity is a welcome change. Improved energy transfer – with three points instead of two, frame-boot connection is more stable and solid. The frame doesn't flex as much around bolts during strong pushes, making it easier to accelerate and to skate faster. Frame structure itself feels more rigid – it is, after all, held in place with two bolts at the front, with underside of the boot making an arch over it, reinforcing whole setup further.
– with three points instead of two, frame-boot connection is more stable and solid. Frame structure itself feels more rigid – it is, after all, held in place with two bolts at the front, with underside of the boot making an arch over it, reinforcing whole setup further. Versatility – think of UFS for non-aggressive skates, but with much better execution. Every frame using Trinity system will fit every boot! There is no need for two standards like in case of SSM and LSM – because there is no need to design the frames around front bolt placement. It also does mean that it's always possible to centre the frame under the boot properly, without front or rear wheel sticking out too much from the underside. You can use speedskating frame with a freestyle boot like Kaze without any problems. I've even tried prototype of a hockey boot with a 3x125mm frame!!!
– think of UFS for non-aggressive skates, but with much better execution. There is no need for two standards like in case of SSM and LSM – because there is no need to design the frames around front bolt placement. It also does mean that it's always possible to centre the frame under the boot properly, without front or rear wheel sticking out too much from the underside. You can use speedskating frame with a freestyle boot like Kaze without any problems. Better vibration dampening – no joke, boots feel much “smoother” when skating, because of forces and shocks being distributed more evenly on surface of boot sole, thanks to three contact points instead of two. It's only minor bonus, but with new generation of one-piece boots that are designed to be usable without additional insole, it's a good thing.
If you are worried about frames availability in the future, please don't. Powerslide is treating this whole thing seriously and will provide numerous options, from 4x76mm wheel frames up to 3x125mm ones. I even had a chance to skate 3x90mm frame of 220mm length – afaik nobody has released something similar before.
Skates we've got a chance to try are not final versions and a lot can change until their release, but I'll give you some insight – about Kaze and Tau at least, hockey boot is still at early stage of development and to be honest I'm not very qualified to judge how hockey boot performs.
Kaze seems like a worthy successor of current Ultron design – universal skate based on one-piece boot with composite shell, suitable for freeskating and freestyle slalom. Lining, foams and upper skin are pretty stiff and hold foot in place well. The skate worked for me perfectly in size EU42 after removing insole (I normally skate EU43), was comfortable and efficient – fast and responsive, as you want freeskating boot to be. As it will be based on composite shell (with addition of glass fiber to reinforce it) its price should be lower than of Tau. Only thing I've disliked was a bit too soft tongue and too much forward flex caused by this – I like tongues like in Phoenix liners, which are more supportive and do a very good job in locking heel down. But, on the other hand, a better forward flex allows you to go lower on skates, making possible to squeeze more speed out of big wheeled setups. Boot is reasonably light, not the lightest skate you can find, but remember it is based on composite shell, not a carbon one!
I think Kaze have a potential to become a very popular choice if Powerslide will back it up with good promotional campaign, read: don't just release it on the market and expect people to buy it without explaining advantages and idea behind it, like in case of horribly under-promoted and underrated Ultrons many people believe to be not-that-cheaper alternative to freestyle Hardcore Evo (while they are more of a Carbon Free remade to be urban/freeskate).
Main dish prepared for 2016 (hopefully!) is named Tau, though. This boot uses latest and best technologies available to Powerslide and it shows. Apart from Trinity frame mounting system, it does have new pain-free shell (read: shell is cut out in places when pressure points issues surface often) made out of compressed carbon (not “simple” laminate). It makes skate base lighter than one made of traditional carbon freestyle boot, like Hardcore Evo for example, without losing rigidity. Skate itself is very light and fits like a glove – responsiveness and energy transfer are excellent and it's almost impossible to skate slow in these. You can really feel you have sophisticated sports equipment under your feet, not some toys.
Tau prototypes were not perfect, though and require some tinkering in ankle area to provide better comfort. Still, Tau are already bursting with potential – it was the skate I've liked the most out of all new boots I got a chance to skate that day, even though it was two sizes too small (EU41) and even without insole it was making my toes a bit numb. Wider style toe-box is more similar to ones in skates like PS Ultron, USD Carbon or Seba SX than to the one in Hardcore Evo and it for sure helped a lot – with narrow one I probably wouldn't be able to skate EU41 Tau at all.
Apart from three new boots based on new Trinity standard, Powerslide is planning to release fourth, designed to be semi-race/marathon skate. I'm sure they will eventually release a proper speedskating boot too, as it would be foolish to not to. To be honest, if I would be in charge, I would try to introduce Trinity anywhere it's possible, as older SSM/LSM standards do not have any advantage over it. It is a “gamechanger” or you might say a “killer feature” that competition won't be able to match anytime soon. Coming up with another solution to lower setup height without copying PS invention will be a very difficult task.
There aren't any major disadvantages, but if you are picky, you can see two (very) minor ones. The boots do have something similar to X-Slot (it is reversed here, though – frames have holes for longitudinal position adjustment and small movable plates in boots are used for lateral fine-tuning) but you don't have as much freedom in adjusting frame to the sides. Still, it is much better than in case of UFS standard, with fixed frame position, which I grew used to over the years.
Second „problem” is a fact you will be limited to Powerslide frames only. But, to be honest – how often were you replacing frames on boots with SSM mounting with ones made by different manufacturer? Consider that SSM is a very loose standard anyway and not always everything works properly. It's hard to find an after-market frame that would be centred correctly under Rollerblade Tiwster of Seba WFSC boots, for example, and even when using the same manufacturers boots and frames (not designed for the boots specifically) you don't have 100% guarantee that everything will go smoothly, just as my test of PS Pleasure Tools and FE Supersonic proved… Every Trinity system frame I got a chance to try was made of high-grade aluminium and had great finish and there will be plenty of options to choose from, so I'm not really worried. And every single one of them fits correctly on boots.
I know this text reads like and advertisement, because I'm praising the whole thing so much. It couldn't be any different, though, because Trinity is probably the freshest and most exciting invention introduced in inline skating for years – it redefines how many setups skate (for example it makes 3x125mm option truly viable for urban skating, when I've felt previous solutions were way too sketchy) and fixes long known problems of frame height and placement that were present in SSM/LSM mounting standards.
It's hard not to be excited! I knew about whole thing since start of 2015 when first leaks from ISPO were to be found on Instagram and had lukewarm feelings towards it at best, but trying is believing.
I literally can't wait to get my own pair of skates with Trinity system and will try to snatch one ASAP, and if you are planning to buy high-end freeskates in 2016 I'd say wait for the release of Kaze or Tau – it's worth to do so.
Advertisements
In 2007, the discovery of undersea oil fields had Brazil dreaming of becoming an oil producing power on the scale of Venezuela or Mexico. But six years later, the nation's oil production is stagnant, its state-run oil company is hobbled by government regulations, and cheaper oil finds elsewhere has drawn away investors.
In 2007, the discovery of undersea oil fields had Brazil dreaming of becoming an oil producing power on the scale of Venezuela or Mexico. But six years later, the nation's oil production is stagnant, its state-run oil company is hobbled by government regulations, and cheaper oil finds elsewhere has drawn away investors.
In 2007, the discovery of undersea oil fields had Brazil dreaming of becoming an oil producing power on the scale of Venezuela or Mexico. But six years later, the nation's oil production is stagnant, its state-run oil company is hobbled by government regulations, and cheaper oil finds elsewhere has drawn away investors.
When fields said to hold billions of barrels of oil were discovered off the coast here, exuberant government officials said the deep-sea prize would turn Brazil into a major energy player.
More than six years later, the outlook for Brazil's oil industry, much like the Brazilian economy itself, is more sobering. Oil production is stagnant, the state-controlled oil company, Petrobras, is hobbled by debt, and foreign oil companies are wary of investing here.
“It's funny, a few years ago, everybody loved Brazil,” said Roger Tissot, a longtime consultant on Latin American energy. “And now it seems the love is gone.”
Brazil once saw itself as an up-and-coming oil power that would help meet the world's demand, but it now faces a hard reality and might have to scale back its expectations, former energy officials, oil executives and advisers say.
The country's deep-sea bonanza has suddenly become less alluring to big, rich oil companies. Other promising energy sources have emerged around the world, including fields in Africa, tar sands in Canada and shale gas deposits unlocked by hydraulic fracturing technology, also called fracking, in the United States.
The Post's Juan Forero explains the complex development of Brazil's energy market. (Juan Forero/The Washington Post)
“These companies have the financial muscle and engineering capacity and technologies to move around the world,” said Ramón Espinasa, an oil specialist at the Inter-American Development Bank in Washington. “They are able to pick and choose. And that explains why they are not in Brazil.”
Some oil experts say Brazilian energy planners, who spoke of unproven reserves that could rival those of some of the biggest oil powers, may have vastly oversold the deep-sea bounties, which are called “the pre-salt” because the oil is under a shifting cap of salt.
“There were a lot of government authorities saying the reserves of Brazil were 50 billion barrels, 100 billion barrels, even 240 billion barrels, more than Saudi Arabia,” said Wagner Freire, an oil geologist who worked for 35 years at Petrobras, where they oversaw exploration and production. “Lots of wells have been drilled in the pre-salt area, and the well comes up dry.”
After the discoveries in 2007, then-President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva famously said God had given Brazil bounties that would propel the country's modernization. Petrobras was among the world's 10 biggest companies, admired by investors such as George Soros, and a Wall Street darling.
“Brazil drew a winning lottery ticket,” an overjoyed Lula said.
Petrobras officials envisioned a plan that would give Brazil elite status among the world's energy producers, with production rising from 2 million barrels a day to 5.3 million in 2020, said the company's president at the time, José Sergio Gabrielli.
The projections are more limited today, but they are still ambitious: 4.7 million barrels a day within a decade, according to Energy Minister Edison Lobão.
“Considering that at that time our consumption will be close to 3.1 million barrels per day,” Lobão said, “we will be exporting something [like] 1.6 million barrels of oil per day.”
That is the total amount of crude exported by Venezuela, a founding member of OPEC.
Heavy burdens
Some oil experts say that forecast is unrealistically optimistic.
“Forget about that data,” said a high-ranking official with an international financial institution who has discussed the issue with Brazilian energy officials and advised oil companies.
The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the delicate nature of relations with energy officials here, said Brazil has found no new basins since 2008 and faces the overwhelming challenge of developing the pre-salt area at a cost of $237 billion.
“People are telling us Petrobras won't be able to handle this,” the official said of what is considered the world's most expensive corporate investment project.
Petrobras is saddled with mandates and heavy government interference that analysts say have overburdened the company.
To revive the shipbuilding industry, for example, Petrobras and its partners must use oil platforms and other heavy equipment built in Brazil — which has led to huge cost overruns and equipment shortages.
Petrobras is required to be the lead operator and is required to have a minimum stake of 30 percent in any new pre-salt fields, encumbering the company with huge financial responsibilities while driving away potential foreign partners.
Petrobras is also forced to import and sell gasoline at below-market prices, a policy designed to control inflation. That has cost the company $20 billion since 2008.
“That loss in revenue that the government imposes on Petrobras only obligates Petrobras to take on more debt,” said Adriano Pires, a former adviser to the government's oil regulator, the National Petroleum Agency. “The government uses Petrobras for its economic and electoral objectives.”
The company has responded by selling off assets in Peru, Colombia, Africa and the Gulf of Mexico. Petrobras is also putting off developing other potentially lucrative oil fields here, such as the Sergipe deposit in the northeast, projected at 1 billion barrels.
Petrobras chief executive Maria das Graças Silva Foster said the company's short-term financial situation “is comfortable,” with $58 billion in cash on hand. They also said the Petrobras board, which is chaired by Finance Minister Guido Mantega, “is keeping a close eye on the debt level and is working to make the cash generation more predictable and reduce the company's leverage.”
But the financial markets increasingly see an overextended company. Petrobras stock has recently tumbled, part of a two-year trend that has seen the company lose a third of its value.
“They didn't lose the investment grade, but there are some doubts about the capacity of Petrobras paying its debt and having enough money to invest,” said David Zylbersztajn, an expert on the economics of oil companies and a former director of the National Petroleum Agency.
Successes and setbacks
The pre-salt area is producing 300,000 barrels of oil a day, far less than had been forecast. And nationwide, production remains flat.
In one stark episode that shook confidence in the oil sector, the country's second-most important oil company, OGX, which recorded Brazil's biggest initial public offering in 2008, declared bankruptcy in October. Most of its wells had come up dry.
Despite the setbacks, Foster said Petrobras will soon have new platforms operating in the pre-salt area, significantly increasing production in the next year and generating revenue to finance investments. In a lecture in Rio in October, they said that 144 exploratory wells had been drilled in the pre-salt area and that 82 percent found oil.
“Our exploratory success is impressive,” they said.
That same month, the government auctioned off its Libra field, the first auction since 2008. A consortium of companies that included Royal Dutch Shell, France's Total and two Chinese giants won the license to partner with Petrobras to develop Libra, which is thought to hold up to 12 billion barrels of crude.
“It is difficult to imagine a bigger success than this,” Magda Chambriard, director of the National Petroleum Agency, told reporters afterward.
But Chambriard earlier had said they expected more than 40 companies to participate. Only 11 did, and not even half of those opted to bid.
Perhaps most startling to energy experts here were the companies that didn't participate: Exxon Mobil, Chevron and BP, multinationals with capital to develop complex oil basins.
David Mares, an energy scholar who is writing a book about resource nationalism in Latin America, said Brazil may have to rewrite terms to attract more investors at the next auction.
“The government has to get this oil flowing sooner rather than later,” Mares said.
Reporting for this article was supported by a grant from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting.
Martin Manley, the former Kansas City Star contributor whose insight into sports made them a key component of that paper's sports section, committed suicide yesterday—and left a sprawling website to explain why.
Manley, who most recently had been filing daily sports updates on their personal blog, appears to have planned their 60th-birthday suicide months in advance, and explained their arguments for killing themselves along with lengthy memoirs about their career and relationships—all of them in a calm and reasoned voice that betrays the assumed nature of a man about to take their own life. One reference to a fortune he'd recently made in gold left Overland Park residents on a rush seeking alleged buried treasure; cops had to debunk the idea as a hoax to keep citizens from destroying an arboretum.
National sports fans might best know Martin Manley as the creator of the NBA's efficiency index, a catch-all rating that, while since eclipsed by John Hollinger's PER system, is still endorsed by the league as an official statistic.
Manley's main argument for killing themselves was to avoid the creeping ravages of death; the website they left in their wake includes opinions on conspiracy theories, synesthesia, gun control, and numerous other topics. All of them are written in the past tense, making it an all the more unsettling experience to read the thoughts of a man who, very sanely, was organizing the conditions of their own death.
Gabor Kovacs of 'smoke no smoke' displays e-cigarette flavour attachments that their shop sells in Camden in London June 9, 2013. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Sunday it would ban the sale of electronic cigarettes to children aged under 18, citing possible adverse health effects and outlining a need for further medical research.
E-cigarettes, which are puffed like a regular cigarette but deliver nicotine by vaporising liquid rather than burning tobacco, have grown in popularity and some analysts predict the market could outpace conventional cigarettes within a decade.
“We do not yet know the harm that e-cigarettes can cause to adults let alone to children, but we do know they are not risk- free,” England's Chief Medical Officer Sally Davies said in a statement.
They added that e-cigarettes can produce toxic chemicals and that variations in the strength of the nicotine solutions between different products meant they could end up being “extremely damaging” to young people's health.
The global market for e-cigarettes was estimated at more than $2 billion (1.21 billion pounds) last year by market consultant Euromonitor.
Under-18s are already banned from buying conventional cigarettes in Britain. Sunday's announcement included plans to make it illegal for adults to buy regular cigarettes for consumption by under 18s.
The changes will be written into a bill already on its way through parliament and are expected to have cross-party support, although the opposition Labour party criticised the government for not acting more quickly.
The battery-powered metal tubes of e-cigarettes are seen as less harmful than regular cigarettes and a useful way to wean smokers off their habits. Critics, however say they can act as a gateway to nicotine addiction and that more research is needed on the health implications.
Regulators in Europe and the United States have been debating policy towards the industry. The European Union reached an agreement in December to allow e-cigarettes to be sold as consumer products rather than more tightly regulated medical devices.
More fake news from the fake news kings at CNN. They are claiming that 44 states are refusing to provide Trump with voter information requested for a voter fraud probe.
CNN lies: Claim 44 states rejected Trump request for voter information
.@CNN busted pushing fake news—AGAIN. They claimed 44 states rejected @POTUS request for voter information. It was only 14.#CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/nWxoudlV6n — Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) July 5, 2017
CNN is just a bit off on their count, only by 30 states.
"Real news" -> 36 states have agreed or are considering providing publicly available voter data to @POTUS Election Integrity Commission. pic.twitter.com/qVUxH9rym9 — Vice President Pence (@VP) July 5, 2017
So do the math. If 36 states have agreed or are considering sending voter information, that leaves a total of 14 states that could have rejected the request. Maybe this is like CNN's 57 states moment that Obama had. CNN, fraud news network.
Police were called to a Hillcrest neighborhood early this morning when neighbors reported that a local mom of twins began throwing flaming dirty diapers at a group of people setting off fireworks.
The woman, Ernie Orsborn, became angry over fireworks going off in their neighborhood while their two young children were trying to sleep. Records show repeated calls to 311 reporting the firework violators between 8:30p.m. and 1 a.m.
Around 9:00 Orsborn posted to their Twitter account: “I mean, if you like fireworks, go to Pops on the River and let us abstained sip our wine in peace as babies sleep.”
Witnesses tell us that sometime around 1:30 a.m. they decided to take measures into their own hands.
“I heard them yell, you want to see fireworks, here you go assholes,” a neighbor tells us. “Suddenly I see them holding a diaper bin and a lighter. They started pulling them out one by one and lobbing them over the fence at a group of drunk men shooting bottle rockets at each other. I sort of wanted to go help them throw them.”
None of the individuals shooting the fireworks sustained any injuries, although several did have large amounts of child fecal matter on their faces. Police say that the men promptly put away the fireworks and apologized to the angry mother. None of the men are pressing charges according to police.
As of this morning several bottles of wine, fresh fruit, and pastries have been set outside Orsborn's house. Neighbors additionally tell us the men in question have spent much of the morning quietly washing Orsborn's car, weeding their flowers beds, and pruning their rose bushes while their wives and girlfriends watch from across the street.
TLDR
Using Minecraft and Mods, virtual representations of the real world can be built to train autonomous agents to navigate and perform tasks in this virtual environment. These virtual models can then be used by physical agents such as Boston Dynamics bots to implement the tasks and instructions learned to use the virtual models. Ultimately this makes it reasonable to think of a time where we can design and have our house built in a short time span by autonomous artificial agents.
Minecraft
Minecraft is so hard to describe. Is it a game or is it an educational tool? At first I didn't get it. I watched younger siblings play this game endlessly always finding ways to improve their worlds. Eventually it was bought by Microsoft and since then it has left the core experience relatively untouched. Instead of shelving it away, Microsoft has expanded across more platforms and loaded it with tons of new features such as an education edition and cross-platform play. In Minecraft I have seen individuals build houses, cities, and even rudimentary models of circuits using Redstone. Furthermore, because the project is programmable, individuals can build modifications also known as Mods to extend the default capabilities.
Dynamic Mapping
A virtual world is great, but what about the real world? Can we model the real world? A few months ago I came across a project by the New York Public Library which generated topographically accurate Minecraft maps using historical map scans and Python scripts. Although the accuracy of historical maps may be questionable, we can only hope that mapping practices have advanced significantly since then and can provide more details and data. Regardless, this project demonstrates that it is possible to model the real world in a virtual environment given the appropriate data.
Project Malmo
Aside from having the obvious benefit of having a relatively accurate virtual model of the real world, there is the additional benefit of having a starting point for training autonomous agents to navigate this environment. To aid in this endeavor, Project Malmo is an adequate tool. Released to the public in 2015 by Microsoft Research, Project Malmo is a platform for artificial intelligence experimentation and research built on top of Minecraft. The project is cross-platform and agents can be built in Python, Lua, C#, C++ or Java.
While the benefits of Project Malmo aside from the pedagogical exercise may not be clearly evident, this project is extremely valuable. The cost not only in terms of price but also time to build physical autonomous bots can be high. If for some reason they were to break or malfunction during field tests it can be costly. Therefore a more effective solution might be to simulate the navigation and mobility of these physical autonomous agents in a real world scenario using virtual environments.
Manual Labor
Once trained, we just need to find or build the physical agents that will carry out the work and instructions based on training performed in the virtual environments. There have been recent demonstrations of agents that may be able of handling such tasks. One of those is Boston Dynamics. For some time, Boston Dynamics has been creating anthropomorphic and zoomorphic robots that perform amazing feats. It can only be assumed that given a model that has been trained in a real-world environment, these physical agents can perform a task like building a home.
The thought of a bot building a house is not too abstract. On March of 2017 several reports suggested that a home in Russia was built in under 24 hours using 3-D printing technologies. While the house had a predefined layout and the robotic arm that built it was limited in its mobility, such capabilities could be expanded with the aid of a trained model being executed by sophisticated physical autonomous agents such as those built by Boston Dynamics.
Sources
4K Minecraft
Historical Minecraft
Project Malmo
Boston Dynamics
House Built in 24 Hours
The legend of Romulus and Remus and the she-wolf may not have been so far-fetched.
Photo by Paolo Cipriani/﻿﻿Hemera
Last time, we talked about the new science of milk and the work of Katie Hinde, who studies lactation in rhesus macaques. Them research is remarkable, but its focus is not unusual. Scientists have always been interested in how other mammals lactate, even species that have little light to shed on our own. We know the fat content of elephant seal milk, for example. (It's basically fatty fat with fat sauce.) But our interest in the lactation of other animals extends well beyond studying it. For a lot of history, we've had a much more intimate relationship with the subject. I'm not talking about babies being fed cow's milk. I'm talking about babies nursing from cows.
This didn't happen all that often, in truth: Babies are small and fragile; cows are enormous. So goats were a better bet. To wit: The Goat as The Best and Most Agreeable Wet Nurse, published in 1816, by a Conrad A. Zwierlein. In the 19th century, there were hospitals in France with goats effectively on staff. Infants fed on their milk were slid under the goats on wooden trays built for that purpose. They were said to do well, and given that many infants not being fed breast milk died from poor sanitation, it was probably safer to go straight to the source, without any germ-infested buckets and pots getting in the way. (At the time, the biggest worry about baby/goat nursing wasn't that the infant would be injured by the goat; it was that the infant would grow up goatlike.) This wasn't exactly common but it was by no means rare: as I write in Baby Meets World, even Montaigne, from their home in the French countryside, took note of it.
The milk flow went in the other direction, too: Humans nursed other species. In the highlands of New Guinea, women nursed orphaned piglets; in South America, they breastfed baby deer, opossums, monkeys; in Japan, the Ainu people were said to suckle bear cubs. Adoptive mothers used the infants of other species to induce lactation. There are numerous accounts of puppies at work: For centuries in England, puppies were used to suck out a mother's first milk, which physicians at the time thought was tainted. (Puppies were also called on in cases of engorgement.) When Turkish wet nurses traveled overseas for work, they brought puppies along to stimulate their milk production. The puppies were, in a sense, breast pumps. Walking, wagging breast pumps.
***
Nicholas Day's book on the science and history of infancy, Baby Meets World, will be published in April. Their website is nicholasday.net.
MORONI (Reuters) - An airliner with 150 people on board belonging to Yemeni state carrier Yemenia crashed into choppy seas as it came in to land on the Indian Ocean archipelago of the Comoros on Tuesday, officials said.
An airliner with 150 people on board belonging to Yemeni state carrier Yemenia crashed in the Indian Ocean archipelago of Comoros Tuesday, a senior government official said. REUTERS/Graphic
“The plane has crashed and we still don't know exactly where. We think it's in the area of Mitsamiouli. There were 150 passengers on board,” Comoros Vice-President Idi Nadhoim told Reuters from the airport at the main island's capital Moroni.
A Paris Airport spokesperson said a Yemenia flight left Paris on Monday morning before landing in Yemen and then taking off for Moroni.
Ibrahim Kassim, a representative from regional air security body ASECNA, said the plane had probably come down 5 to 10 km (3 to 6 miles) from the coast, and civilian and military boats had been mobilized to start searching.
“We think the crash is somewhere along its landing approach,” Kassim told Reuters. “The weather is really not very favorable. The sea is very rough.”
ASECNA — the Agency for Aviation Security and Navigation in Africa and Madagascar — covers Francophone Africa.
The town of Mitsamiouli is on the main island Grande Comore.
“There is a crash, there is a crash in the sea,” said an unnamed official who answered the phone in the Yemenia office in Moroni. They declined further comment.
An airline official in Yemen declined to comment.
COMING TO LAND
Interior Minister Hamid Bourhane told Reuters the army had sent small speedboats to an area between the village of Ntsaoueni and the airport.
“At the moment we don't have any information about whether there are any survivors,” they told Reuters.
A medical worker in Mitsamiouli said they had been called in.
“They have just called me to come to the hospital. They said a plane had crashed,” they told Reuters.
A United Nations official at the airport, who declined to be named, said the control tower had received notification the plane was coming into land, and then lost contact with it.
Yemenia, which is 51 percent owned by the Yemeni government and 49 percent owned by the Saudi Arabian government, flies to Moroni, according to flight schedules on its Web site.
Related Coverage Yemenia says 153 people on board crashed plane
Yemenia's fleet includes two Airbus 330-200s, four Airbus 310-300s and four Boeing 737-800s, according to the site.
The Comoros covers three small volcanic islands, Grande Comore, Anjouan and Moheli, in the Mozambique channel, 300 km (190 miles) northwest of Madagascar and a similar distance east of the African mainland.
A hijacked Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 crashed into the sea off the Comoros islands in 1996, killing 125 of 175 passengers and crew.
On each day of 2012, there was an average of 160 births in Alabama, 135 deaths, 108 marriages and 47 divorces.
And, on average across the state last year, 17 teens gave birth each day, 22 pregnancies were terminated, 2.3 people died in car wrecks and 28 people died of cancer.
That's according to the recently released 'Vital Statistics at a Glance' report annually released by the Alabama Department of Public Health's Center for Health Statistics.
Click here to read the report.
The report, released each autumn, is compiled from birth and death certificates, marriage and divorce records and Census data and gives a glimpse of life and death in Alabama.
In 2012, heart disease and cancer -- the state's two biggest killers -- claimed a total of 22,266 lives in Alabama. Assuming each citizen would live to age 65, heart disease in 2012 claimed 36,746 potential years of life in Alabama and cancer 34,782 potential years.
The report offers plenty of trivia.
For example, in 2012 in Alabama:
Consider Notre Dame the team to beat for Dexter Williams.
Fighting Irish head coach Brian Kelly was in Winter Garden during the lunch hour Wednesday to see the West Orange High running back, as well as teammate Jalen Julius, and Williams was quite impressed with the coach's enthusiasm.
Williams even said Kelly's visit, coupled with their official visit to South Bend, Ind., this past weekend, puts Notre Dame in the driver's seat as a favorite to win their services on National Signing Day, Feb. 4.
"Nah, I wouldn't say that ... well, actually, yeah I guess I would say that," Williams pondered aloud.
Kelly's visit showed Williams how serious the Irish are about recruiting the 6-foot-1, 195-pounder.
"It went great. I had a great conversation and it shows me that they want me a lot. They want me to be a part of the Irish," Williams said. "It makes me feel great and it shows me they actually really cares about me. With me just being up there and now he's down here three days later shows me a lot .... and I know Notre Dame has started their recruiting for 2016 so it shows me a lot that they fit me into their schedule.
Watch some running back Dexter Williams' top plays from their senior season at West Orange. Watch some running back Dexter Williams' top plays from their senior season at West Orange. SEE MORE VIDEOS
"I really appreciate it and it shows they care and they want me."
Williams said Miami, the school from which they decommitted Jan. 2, is still in the picture, but the Irish have come on strong of late. Williams is also considering Louisville as their third finalist.
"It puts Notre Dame on my list even higher and Miami is high on my list also, so I'm deciding between those two and Louisville," they said.
Williams was supposed to visit Texas A&M this weekend but that is no longer the plan.
Williams, who rushed for 871 yards and 10 touchdowns on 124 carries this past season, West Orange's best season ever at 11-1, transferred from Orlando Olympia High after their junior year. As a junior they ran for 1,072 yards and three touchdowns on 180 carries.
As for their teammate Julius, the speedy slot receiver who decommitted from Florida last July because they wanted to play offense in college, he's down to Notre Dame, Ole Miss and Louisville. Julius will visit Ole Miss this weekend and the Rebels look to have the upper hand.
Chris Hays is the Sentinel's recruiting coverage coordinator and can be reached at chays@tribune.com. Follow us on Twitter at @Os_Recruiting and Facebook at OS Recruiting, and on Instagram at os_recruiting.
Over the decades, the dangers of virtual reality have served as the backbone of many science-fiction stories.
In the 1950s, Ray Bradbury's The Veldt told the story of two young children who became addicted to a device that turns whatever they imagine into a reality.
Four decades later, a crew member on Star Trek: The Next Generation got addicted to the Holodeck, a virtual-reality space where they confronted the frustrations they held with co-workers.
In the 2008 movie WALL·E, future humans spend their lives sitting in chairs, interacting with everything through screens, as they became highly immersed in the media in front of them.
All of these fictional stories drew some kind of link between virtual reality and addiction.
Today, a mental-health professional in Windsor, Ont., is concerned virtual reality may soon cause addiction problems in real life.
Google Cardboard lets a person with a smartphone cheaply experience virtual reality. (CBC)
"Virtual reality headsets are of a concern because there is a high likelihood that there will be individuals that will become dependent on that game or platform of choice," Shawn Rumble, an addictions therapist, told CBC Radio's Afternoon Drivein a recent interview.
Rumble pointed to a device known as Google Cardboard, which lets a person with a smartphone cheaply experience virtual reality.
They describe the device and app as "the poor man's virtual-reality headset."
Essentially, it's a smartphone holder and headset, which is made mostly of cardboard. But it helps create an environment where a user can immerse theirs or themselves in a virtual-reality setting.
A Google spokesperson told CBC News in an email that Cardboard "is about making fun VR experiences available to everyone in a simple, fun, and affordable way."
The technology company says Cardboard has been designed to be used for short periods of time.
Google also says it is "always talking to experts about the safety of using Google Cardboard."
'1 step closer'
Yet Rumble said that this and other similar technologies may become a problem for those who are already having issues with game playing.
"It's just one step closer to quote-unquote 'addiction,' it's that much more accessible for individuals," said Rumble.
In their work, Rumble already meets people from many walks of life who are struggling with the role of gaming in their lives. They said they are often adults, a fact they said surprises many people.
Shaun Byrne, the CEO of eSport Gaming Events, thinks some games have a greater potential to cause addiction issues than others. (CBC)
Rumble said virtual reality creates a more isolating environment for a person.
"An individual chooses to isolate with their game or drug of choice at the expense of their relationships with others," they said. "And so, that's very concerning for myself as a therapist and as an educator."
Shaun Byrne, the president of the Windsor-based eSport Gaming Events, told CBC News that they believe some types of games — multiplayer, online, role-playing games, in particular — may be more likely to spur addiction issues than others.
Byrne said they can see how the use of virtual reality could make these same types of games more enticing for users.
"You know, virtual reality could take that to the next level, where you're able to actually just engross yourself in a new environment and you know really isolate yourself from the rest of your life," they said.
BY:
Two Iranian warships embarked on the country's first naval mission in the Atlantic Ocean Tuesday, according to the Associated Press.
Iran has been campaigning for years "to demonstrate the ability to project power in the Middle East."
The Associated Press reports:
"The warships will have task of securing shipping routes as well as training new personnel," the semi-official Fars news agency quoted Iran's navy chief Admiral Habibollah Sayyari as saying. […] Iran has regularly deployed warships to the Gulf of Aden off the eastern coast of Africa to fight piracy and protect commercial ships. The recent Iranian naval surge is also a response to U.S. naval deployment near the Islamic Republic's coasts in the Persian Gulf. The U.S. Navy's 5th fleet is based in Bahrain — across the gulf from Iran.
The Islamic Republic announced plans in 2012 to send its own ships to the U.S. coast among other regions of the globe. It also hoped to "extend its reach as far as Antarctica."
This article is over 2 years old
Daranee Charnchoengsilpakul, imprisoned after speech in 2008, receives royal pardon from remainder of sentence they received under strict lèse–majesté laws
Thailand frees activist 'Da Torpedo' after eight years' jail for insulting monarchy
Thailand has freed a political activist after eight years in jail for insulting the country's widely revered monarchy under royal defamation laws.
Daranee Charnchoengsilpakul, also known as Da Torpedo, was freed on Saturday under an annual series of royal pardons, said Charnchao Chaiyanukij, permanent secretary of the justice ministry.
They were originally sentenced to 15 years in prison, they said.
Daranee, a key supporter of Thaksin Shinawatra, the ousted former prime minister, was convicted of making defamatory comments against the monarchy during a fiery speech at a political rally in 2008.
A criminal court found them guilty on three counts of lèse–majesté.
Man jailed for 30 years in Thailand for insulting the monarchy on Facebook Read more
Under Article 112 of Thailand's criminal code, anyone who “defames, insults or threatens the king, queen, heir-apparent or regent” faces up to 15 years in prison.
Since seizing power in 2014 the military junta has taken a hardline stance against perceived royal insults and handed down record sentences.
For more than a decade Thailand has been bitterly divided between rival camps – one led by Thaksin, the other dominated by the royalist and military establishment who accuse Thaksin of corruption and nepotism, charges they deny.
National anxiety over the frail health of 88-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej has compounded the political tensions. Thais mostly see the king as a unifying force and celebrated the 70th year of their reign in June.
John Kasich: What do they stand for?
Ohio Gov. John Kasich gives their speech announcing their 2016 presidential bid at the Ohio Student Union, at The Ohio State University on July 21, 2015 in Columbus, Ohio. Ty Wright, Getty Images Is Ohio Gov. John Kasich really a moderate Republican, or do they just occasionally play one on TV? After finishing a strong second in New Hampshire, Kasich has breathed new life into their bid to position themselves as the "establishment" Republican candidate in a field thus far dominated by Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Who is presidential candidate John Kasich? A former member of congress who left office in 2001 to enter the business and media arenas, Kasich reentered politics with a successful gubernatorial run in 2010, and they were reelected by a wide margin in 2014. With that diverse background, Kasich would certainly bring a wealth of experience with them to the White House, should they win. But what would they use that experience to do as president? Kasich was considered a reliably conservative legislator during the 1990s. They helped negotiate several balanced budgets as the chairperson of the House Budget Committee. They carved a fairly hawkish profile on the Armed Services Committee. They helped lead the push for welfare reform in 1996. And they voted to impeach then-President Bill Clinton in 1998. Kasich: “I'm into lifting people” As governor, though, Kasich has hewed more closely to the middle of the road. He's won plaudits from conservatives for their tax and education reforms, but they angered some Ohio Republicans when they decided to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare. He's also urged Republicans to strike a more inclusive tone on issues like immigration and same-sex marriage. Kasich has leaned on their Christian faith to explain their approach to politics. "Put yourself in somebody else's shoes. Put yourself in the shoes of a mother and a father of an adult child that is struggling...Understand that poverty is real," they told reporters in 2013, as the Ohio legislature was mulling their push to expand Medicaid. "When you die and get to the meeting with St. Peter, he's probably not going to ask you much about what you did about keeping government small. But they are going to ask you what you did for the poor. You better have a good answer." Here's a look at what John Kasich stands for. CBS News Political Reporter Jake Miller contributed to this story.
Education Ohio Gov. John Kasich speaks at the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Summit April 18, 2015 in Nashua, New Hampshire. Darren McCollester, Getty Images Like nearly all 2016 Republican candidates, Kasich champions the expansion of charter schools, more school vouchers that allow state residents to attend the school of their choice, even if it is a private or religious school, and the increased use of testing to evaluate teachers' success. But they do stand out from the crowd for their support of the Common Core educational standards. Some Republicans say it represents federal overreach into the education system, but Kasich said Ohio districts still have plenty of control over what they teach. Hot-button issue: Common Core standardized tests "I've asked the Republican governors who have complained about this to tell me where I'm wrong, and guess what, silence," they said on "Fox News Sunday" in January. The latest budget Kasich signed in June cut more than $84 million from public schools. They argued that the funds they eliminated with their line-item veto would have gone predominantly to wealthier school districts that could raise local taxes. During their tenure, traditional public school funding has gone down while funds going to charter schools increased. Early in their gubernatorial tenure, Kasich championed legislation that would have limited the collective bargaining rights of 350,000 public workers, including teachers, police and firefighters. Voters rejected a referendum on the law.
Immigration Republican presidential candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich greets guests gathered for a town hall meeting at Doll Distributing on July 24, 2015 in Des Moines, Iowa. Scott Olson, Getty Images In an interview on CBS' "Face the Nation," Kasich outlined how they would tackle immigration as president. "Finish the wall and make it clear. Anybody that comes over that wall once we've done it, you're going back. And to the 12 million that are here, you know, legalize them but make sure we don't have any of the criminal element here. And have a guest worker program. I think the country can unite around that," they said. Kasich: We need to unite around immigration reform They have said that the immigrants who live in the U.S. illegally "contribute a lot" to the U.S., and while they would not prefer to make citizenship an option, they believe it should be on the table to help restart negotiations on the issue. Kasich once supported a bill that would eliminate birthright citizenship - citizenship that is automatically granted to babies born in the U.S., even if they are born to undocumented parents - but they have backed away from that position during their campaign, saying, "I don't think we need to go there."
Economy Republican U.S. presidential candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich formally announces their campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination during a kickoff rally in Columbus, Ohio July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein As a member of congress who rose to become the House Budget Committee chairperson, Kasich wrote budgets that made deep cuts to federal spending. They were also instrumental in producing the 1997 Balanced Budget Act that was a result of years of budget wars between former President Clinton and the GOP-led Congress. He's remained a budget hawk and has created a nonprofit group called Balanced Budget Forever to advocate for adding a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Kasich has one of the strongest economic records of the sitting governors competing for the 2016 Republican nomination, and they are quick to remind voters that they turned an economic deficit billions of dollars deep (estimates range from $6 billion to $8 billion) to a $2 billion surplus. John Kasich: The “happy warrior” candidate Kasich has slashed the personal income tax in Ohio - and pledged to phase it out entirely - but backed a slightly higher sales tax and increased taxes on things like cigarettes, the oil and gas produced by fracking, and some business revenues. On the federal level, Kasich has talked about reducing the corporate tax rate and moving toward a flat tax system with a single rate and eliminating all exemptions. They haven't released a detailed plan yet, but they have talked about wanting to spur further investment by businesses. They said on "Face the Nation" that like the 2012 GOP candidates, they wouldn't trade a dollar in tax increases for $10 in spending cuts, because the government will always spend money if they have more. They also oppose increasing the minimum wage.
Social issues Ohio Governor John Kasich speaks during the prime time Republican presidential debate on August 6, 2015 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio. MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images Kasich opposes abortion except in cases of rape, incest or danger to the life of the mother, and they took steps to limit abortion access in Ohio. In 2013, they signed a bill into law that bans abortions after 20 weeks except where the mother's life is in danger. The state budget they signed into law that year also effectively cut off federal family-planning funds for Planned Parenthood clinics while allowing crisis pregnancy centers, which discourage women from seeking abortions, to receive federal money. They did show reluctance about a bill from the Ohio legislature that could have banned abortions once a fetal heartbeat is detected, which often occurs at six weeks of pregnancy. They said they were worried about legal challenges to the bill. As a U.S. member of congress, they voted in favor of banning partial-birth abortion. Gov. Kasich: America needs to “take a deep breath” after same-sex ruling On the issue of same-sex marriage, Kasich says they believe that marriage is the union of a man and a woman, but that hasn't stopped them from attending the weddings of same-sex couples. "I just went to a wedding of a friend of mine who happens to be gay. Because somebody doesn't think the way I do, doesn't mean that I can't care about them or can't love them," Kasich said at the first GOP debate. After the Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriage is a constitutional right earlier this year, Kasich said they disagreed with the definition of marriage, "but our nation's highest court has spoken and we must respect its decision."
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- More than 11% of all mortgages are either delinquent or in foreclosure, according to an industry report released Thursday.
The percentage of borrowers at least one month behind in their mortgage payments - but not in foreclosure - rose to nearly 8% during the fourth quarter of 2008, according to the National Delinquency Report from the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA). This is the highest rate of delinquency ever recorded by the survey, which began in 1972, and reflects a record 13% jump compared to the third quarter.
"Subprime ARM loans and prime ARM loans, which include Alt-A and pay-option ARMs, continue to dominate the delinquency numbers," Jay Brinkmann, chief economist for the MBA, said in a prepared statement. "Nationwide, 48% of subprime ARMs were at least one payment past due, and in Florida over 60% of subprime ARMs were at least one payment past due."
The number of homes in the foreclosure process rose to 3.3%, an increase of 0.33 percentage points from the quarter before and up 1.26 percentage points from a year earlier. That represents nearly 1.5 million homes at risk of sliding all the way through foreclosure.
Combined, the number of delinquencies and loans in foreclosure came to 11.18%, the highest ever recorded by the MBA.
Delaying tactics
And even though the number of loans entering into the foreclosure process remained steady, the number of loans stuck there was particularly high, according to Brinkmann.
"This is mainly attributable to various state and local moratoria on foreclosure sales, the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac halt on foreclosure sales announced in late November, a general reluctance by servicers to proceed with evictions in the last few weeks of December and a slowing down caused by an overburdened legal process in some areas," they said.
Because of the moratoria, the number of loans very far past due - 90 days or more - jumped sharply to 3% from 2.2% a quarter earlier. In the past, many of those loans would have been cleared out of the system by lenders completing the foreclosure process.
The Obama administration's new foreclosure prevention program, which includes refinancing options and loan modifications, is another attempt to slow the rate of foreclosures.
The MBA report underscores the need for some foreclosure relief, according to Nicholas Retsinas, director of Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies.
"It raises the ante for the Obama plan," they said. "It justifies it, but at the same time it raises the question of whether it's sufficient to solve the problem."
Still, it is unclear how helpful the plan will be, according to Mike Larson, a real estate analyst with Weiss Research.
"Previous foreclosure prevention efforts have had a spotty record," they said, "with many loan modifications simply postponing the inevitable."
Even though delinquencies are still driven by problems with non-traditional mortgage loans, Brinkmann said more fundamental, historic causes of foreclosure are also making an impact.
"The delinquency rates continue to climb across the board for prime fixed-rate and subprime fixed-rate loans - loans whose performance is driven by the loss of jobs or income rather than changes in payments," they said.
Five states - California, Nevada, Arizona, Florida and Michigan - once again dominated delinquency statistics during the quarter, but the number of loans 90 days late or more also increased significantly in New York, Louisiana, Texas, Georgia and Mississippi.
Outlook
According to Brinkmann, the nation is in for many more months of problem delinquencies. Historically late payments follow a pattern that begins with the economy slowing, which leads to job losses and then to increased delinquencies.
"It's difficult to deal with mortgage issues separately," they said.
They do not project a pickup in the economy until the end of the year, followed by an increase in employment late in 2010 and improvement in delinquency rates some time after that.
Retsinas pointed out that this foreclosure cycle is very different. Most delinquency increases in the past were kicked off by job losses. Not this time, which could have implications for the recovery.
"The problems started before the economy began failing," they said. "Now the failing economy makes the housing problems even more serious."
NEW YORK, June 7 (UPI) -- Police said a couple who hosted a radio show called "The Pursuit of Happiness" apparently committed suicide together in their New York apartment.
John Littig, 48, and their common-law wife, Lynne Rosen, 46, were found by the manager of a Brooklyn apartment building with plastic bags over their heads and tubes attached to a canister of helium, police told CNN.
The bodies were in a sitting position on a couch, their hands together, and two suicide notes were found, investigators said.
"I can't take it anymore, my wife is in too much pain," one of the notes read, without further explanation.
Littig, a motivational speaker, and Rosen, a psychotherapist, hosted an hourlong show Thursday mornings that focused on personal development and growth.
The couple also led a "life coach" consulting company, Why Not Now, CNN reported.
The veteran was unplayable on Sunday in Juventus' 3-0 win over Atalanta, a performance that summed up their perfect 2012
ANDREA PIRLO'S PHENOMENAL 2012
Pirlo | Nine goals and 22 assists in 61 games Season Games
Goal Assists Booked
Sent off
Serie A 37 7 13 7 0 Champions League 6 0 3 0 0 Euro 2012 6 1 2 0 0 World Cup 4 1 4 0 0 Others 8 0 0 0 0 Total 61 9 22 7 0
Miroslav Klose's late winner saw Lazio come up trumps against Inter on Saturday night to continue the Nerazzurri's recent misery. While victories over Palermo and Napoli appeared to have put Andrea Stramaccioni's men back on track, their loss at the Stadio Olimpico was a reminder that they have shown some real failings of late, following their win against Juventus with just seven points from six league games. They could claim they were unlucky in the capital given that both Fredy Guarin and Antonio Cassano struck the woodwork, but in all truth they struggled to deal with Klose for much of the night, and the Germany international should have scored from a simple chance just moments before firing home the game's only goal. There is still much for Inter to do.
David Pizarro bounced back from a traumatic week to play a key role in Fiorentina's 4-1 win over Siena which ended a three-match run without a victory. The Chilean returned to Florence in time for the game having missed last week's defeat at Roma after the death of their sister, and they were visibly emotional before kick-off on Sunday when fans in the Curva Fiesole displayed a message of support for their diminutive midfielder. They then got about their business superbly to lead their side to a victory which boosts their hopes of a Champions League challenge, scoring a penalty in the process.
Milan's recent climb up the league continued as they bagged a fourth straight victory against lowly Pescara. Since going 2-0 behind to Napoli last month, their form has taken a significant upturn, pushing them to within fighting distance of the European places. Such has been the change in mood around Milanello that there were a great number of platitudes being dished out at Sunday night's Curva Sud Christmas party, which was attended by Adriano Galliani and a number of first-team players. There is still a long way to go for Milan to completely banish memories of their poor start to the campaign, and next week they face a difficult trip to Roma, but credit must go to those involved in a great turnaround to this point.
Finally, a little nod to Antonio Nocerino, the (scorer) of the season's second-fastest goal (Vidal's against Inter on 18 seconds beat him) in the Rossoneri's 4-1 win. Nocerino later dedicated their strike to the families of those killed in the Newtown massacre in Connecticut last week. Sometimes, Serie A's footballers are rightly rounded on for moments of distaste, but Nocerino's gesture was the mark of a class act. Bravo, Noce.
Follow Kris Voakes on
By Kris Voakes | Italian Football WriterEven before they took a couple of paces towards the ball, you just knew something special was about to happen. Andrea Pirlo's stunning free-kick put Sunday's game beyond Atalanta and ensured that Juventus will end 2012 at the top of Serie A. It is the only fitting place for the Italy midfielder to spend the winter break after a calendar year of magnificent proportions.A team who had finished seventh in the league in consecutive seasons has been transformed since Pirlo's arrival from AC Milan in 2011, and the last 12 months have been the best of their career. Since January, they have scored nine goals and laid on another 22 in 61 games for club and country. For a player whose starting position is so far removed from the opposition goal, that assist rate is a phenomenal record, and outlines just how much they add to the Bianconeri.But Pirlo has always been a bit different. Their switch to a role at the base of midfield while under former coach Carlo Ancelotti at Milan sparked many a copycat move by trainers around the globe, but nobody has been able to reproduce their form in the role. Their consistent quality has helped to make them one of the most loved and respected footballers in the game, and many now consider them to be one of the best technicians never to have been seriously considered for a Ballon d'Or at any stage of their career.Having never come any higher than fifth place in the race for the world player of the year accolade, this should arguably have been their time. They should have been in the top three at the very least.As the basis for a pressing game that has made Juventus into an attacking monster few have been able to tame, Pirlo has taken the side onto two whole new levels, first domestically, and then in the Champions League. Served by the legwork of Arturo Vidal and assisted by willing runners Claudio Marchisio, Kwadwo Asamoah and Stephan Lichtsteiner, they are nothing less than the Serie A champions' focal point. At the hub of far too many Juve goals to mention, they are the irreplaceable heart of the side, as proven by Antonio Conte's reluctance to rest them despite the hectic nature of their calendar of late.He was also the guy driving Italy around the park as they confounded a huge number of pundits to reach the Euro 2012 final, and then when the Azzurri needed to get their World Cup qualifying campaign off to a decent start, Pirlo was the man who got them going again. Carrying their Juventus form into the international arena, they had rediscovered the touch that had previously made them such a widely regarded footballer's footballer.And yet this has been no ordinary year, even for a player who was spectacular in 2006, when they became a world champion with Italy, and in the seasons ending 2003 and 2004 which led to them being crowned as a king, first of Europe and then of the Bel Paese. Pirlo's 2012 has topped even those outstanding years, and while the Ballon d'Or awards ceremony will not feature the 33-year-old, that cannot take away from what they have achieved in the past 12 months.So when the prizes are handed out at Fifa's big gala next month, worry not over Pirlo's absence. Instead, simply raise a glass to a legend who has outdone themselves once more. Just ask Juventus and Italy fans if they need them to have a golden ball under their arm in order to appreciate their magnificent contributions of the last 12 months.
Image caption The art is valued at between 100m and 200m euros
Romanian investigators have found the remains of paint, canvas and nails in the oven of a woman whose son is charged with stealing masterpieces from a Dutch gallery in October last year.
Paintings by Picasso, Monet and Matisse were among the artwork stolen from Rotterdam's Kunsthal museum.
Olga Dogaru admitted last week to torching the artwork to "destroy evidence" after their son's arrest.
The art is valued at between 100m and 200m euros ($130m- $260m, £86m-£172m).
The missing works include Monet's Waterloo Bridge, Picasso's Harlequin Head, Matisse's Reading Girl in White and Yellow and Lucien Freud's Woman with Eyes Closed.
Forensic specialists found "small fragments of painting primer, the remains of canvas and paint", as well as some copper and steel nails that pre-dated the 20th Century in Mrs Dogaru's oven, the director of Romania's National History Museum told the Associated Press news agency.
However, Ernest Oberlander-Tarnoveanu refused to say definitively whether or not the burnt remains were from the seven stolen paintings.
Artwork stolen from Kunsthal museum Pablo Picasso's 1971 Harlequin Head
Claude Monet's 1901 Waterloo Bridge, London (above) and Charing Cross Bridge, London
Henri Matisse's 1919 Reading Girl in White and Yellow
Paul Gauguin's 1898 Girl in Front of Open Window
Meye de Haan's Self-Portrait from around 1890
Lucien Freud's 2002 Woman with Eyes Closed
They said that if this were proved to be the case, it would be "a crime against humanity".
Mrs Dogaru reportedly claimed last week to have hidden the artwork in an abandoned house, as well as in a cemetery in the village of Caracliu. They said they dug them up and incinerated them after police began searching them village.
"I placed the suitcase containing the paintings in the stove. I put in some logs, slippers and rubber shoes and waited until they had completely burned," the Romanian Mediafax news agency reported them as saying.
Six Romanians have been charged with involvement in what was the biggest art theft in the Netherlands since 20 works disappeared from Amsterdam's Van Gogh museum in 1991. They go on trial next month.
Forensic specialists have been analysing the ashes since March and are expected to submit their findings to prosecutors next week, Mr Oberlander-Tarnoveanu said.
You don't easily forget your first close encounter with a puffin. Mine was on the Isle of Lunga, the largest of the Treshnish Isles, in the spring of 2004, and I've had a soft spot for them ever since. I was on a whale-watching trip around the Inner Hebrides with Sea Life Surveys of Oban, and after ooh-ing and aah-ing at minke whales surfacing in the Sound of Mull and eating lunch near a rowdy seal colony on the eastern side of the Cairns of Coll, our skipper James Fairbairns found a sheltered spot off Lunga to drop anchor so that our small party could go ashore and look for birds.
Perhaps because they seem so exotic compared to most British birdlife, I was expecting the puffins to be shy and tricky to find, so it was doubly surprising when, on reaching the top of the first steep climb up from the beach, we saw a couple of them padding around just a few feet away, apparently unbothered by the sudden arrival of several large mammals wrapped in brightly-coloured plastic. Not only were they not scared, the puffins seemed quite inquisitive, and before long more sad clown faces started popping up from burrows all along the cliff edge, curious to see who the new visitors were.
I came away from that first meeting with an impression of the puffin as a somewhat comical and perhaps slightly clumsy creature – the avian equivalent of Mr Magoo. However, having read Adam Nicolson's take on puffins in their new book The Seabird's Cry, published this Thursday by William Collins, I now realise that I'd got them all wrong. Puffins, it turns out, are badasses in disguise – less Mr Magoo, more Mr Miyagi.
The puffin, Nicolson writes, “is an animal whose life stands outside the cuteness in which we want to envelop it,” and that's putting it mildly. Once their chicks have hatched, the parent puffins – both male and female – must dive between 600 and 1,150 times a day in order to catch enough sand eels, sprats and capelin to feed their pufflets and to keep themselves going. Because puffins can dive as deep as 220 feet and stay underwater for over two minutes, that can work out at over seven hours a day below the waves during breeding season, in addition to the 90 minutes or so spent flying between the fishing grounds and their nesting burrows. It has been calculated that all of this activity is the metabolic equivalent of a man or woman spending day after day knocking down brick walls with a sledgehammer. “What you see at the colony,” Nicolson writes – and I suppose what I saw on Lunga 13 years ago – “are the brief moments of respite from a life of service.”
I arrived at this new understanding of the puffin as an iron-willed force of nature just as it emerged that, after nine years of legal wrangling, four huge windfarms are to be built off the east coast of Scotland – a total of 335 turbines in the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Tay. According to Stuart Housden, director of RSPB Scotland – which had initially made a successful legal challenge to the proposals in 2015, only to have that ruling overturned earlier this month – these projects will “kill thousands of Scotland's internationally protected seabirds every year, including thousands of puffins, gannets and kittiwakes.”
Just as the John Muir Trust are always keen to emphasise that they are strongly in favour of renewable energy, but not the siting of wind turbines on wild land, so the RSPB's official statement following the recent ruling contained the line “whilst we fully support the deployment of renewable energy, this must not be at any cost.” But in spite of their carefully nuanced positions, these charities increasingly seem to be struggling to make headway against the energy companies and the will of the Scottish Government. The overturning of the ruling on the Forth and Tay windfarms feels more than a little reminiscent of the overturning of the 2015 ruling in favour of the JMT on the gigantic Stronelairg windfarm in the Monadhliath mountains. In both cases, objections to the schemes had initially been upheld on the grounds that the government had ignored evidence from their own specialist advisors, Scottish National Heritage. Subtext: never mind the experts, the windfarm will usually get built in the end.
Given that legal challenges no longer appear to be effective, as a last resort perhaps the RSPB could ensure that all the key decision-makers involved in these new offshore schemes – both windfarm developers and government ministers – receive a copy of Nicolson's book in time for Christmas. There are chapters on gannets and kittiwakes too.
Training camp is underway for the World Champion Baltimore Ravens, and there has been a lot of good news coming out of the Under Armour Performance Center in Owings Mills. The revamped defense has been dominant, and there have been rave reviews for veterans like Terrell Suggs and Lardarius Webb, newcomers such as Elvis Dumervil and Chris Canty, and important rookies like Matt Elam and Brandon Williams. On the other side of the ball, one of the best backfields in football (Ray Rice, Bernard Pierce, and Vonta Leach) is off to a running start. And Joe Flacco has been sharp with both their arm and their mouth, spewing trash talk at the defense and showing as much swagger as a tall, lanky white guy from New Jersey can be reasonably expected to demonstrate.
With the good, however, always comes some bad. And for the Ravens, the bad came in the form of Dennis Pitta's fractured hip. While Pitta hasn't been in the “elite” level of tight ends, they have been a reliable target for Joe Flacco, and they were expected to pick up a lot of the slack left by Anquan Boldin's departure. Pitta's injury will move that burden to fellow tight end Ed Dickson and a wide receiver corps of Torrey Smith, Jacoby Jones, and a whole bunch of unknowns.
It can't be disputed that the Ravens' young receivers have a ton of potential and athletic ability. Yet the question still remains: can any of these guys prove that they are the one to fill the void left by Boldin and Pitta? They'll each get the chance to make their case during the upcoming preseason games. Here's a look at each of the contenders:
Tandon Doss – 3rd Year – 6'2, 205 – 2012 Stats: 7/123 yards, 1 TD
Tandon Doss came out of 2011 draft with the title “Flacco's Favorite,” but don't confuse that with the quarterback's horrible Pizza Hut commercials. Flacco was given tape on several mid-to-late-round receivers and asked to pick one, and they chose Doss. They came out of college with a reputation as a sharp route runner with strong hands who could make physical plays across the middle, and he's demonstrated those attributes in practice. However, their limited in-game experience has been a mixed bag. They scored their first NFL touchdown in a Week 7 loss to Houston last year, but they also had a few drops in the end zone against the Colts on Wild Card Weekend. If they can show the hands and toughness during the preseason that they do in practice, he's probably the favorite to win the starting job.
Deonte Thompson – 2nd Year – 6', 200 – 2012 Stats: 5/51 yards
Deonte Thompson came into the 2012 Ravens training camp as an undrafted free agent and came out with a spot on the 53-man roster. That's a tough task, and it shows what the coaches see in him. Thompson was mainly used on special teams their rookie year, achieving modest success as a returner before giving way to Jacoby Jones in that area. The team obviously likes what they see in the young speedster, listing alongside Doss and just behind Smith and Jones on the first depth chart. But they need to perform in the preseason games to lock down a spot on the roster. They have the benefit of incumbency on the roster, but that doesn't usually go far in the NFL.
David Reed – 4th Year – 6', 190 – 2012 Stats: 5/66 yards
Oh, David Reed. Never has a player earned such enmity from a fan base for doing so little. Reed has spent most of their time on the team as a special teamer and kick returner, where they had some success. But if you bring their name up to Ravens fans, the first things they think of are that he's always hurt and that they lost two fumbles in Week 10 of the 2011 season to cost us a game against Seattle. And those are definitely fair critiques. That being said, the team obviously sees something in the guy. They signed them to a moderate extension in the offseason despite an injury history that included missing the first 12 weeks of the 2012 season. Reed likely won't get a shot at returner with Jacoby Jones on the roster, but he's got an experience edge on most of their competition for wide receiver. They absolutely have an opportunity to win the spot, but he'll likely have to make their impact in the preseason games. Their name hasn't been mentioned much in training camp reports, which means that he's not messing up but also hasn't done much to separate themselves from the competition.
LaQuan Williams – 3rd Year – 6', 200 – 2012 Stats: N/A
LaQuan Williams earned their way onto the 53-man roster in 2011 with a strong camp and preseason that had fans clamoring for the undrafted rookie. Since then, they have distinguished themselves with strong play on special teams and done a whole lot of nothing as a receiver. They were active for 11 games in 2012 and had no receptions. Williams has shown flashes of brilliance in the preseason before, and he'll need to do the same this month to earn playing time with the offense. They have a better shot than some to make the squad due to their special teams play, but that may not be enough if they don't show consistency as a wide out.
Tommy Streeter – 2nd Year – 6'5, 220 – 2012 Stats: N/A
“Touchdown” Tommy Streeter, as they were known at the University of Miami, looks like your prototypical wide receiver. He's tall, he's long, and he's got speed. They were initially considered one of the hottest prospects coming out of college, but they dropped to the sixth round in the 2012 draft because they were viewed as a project who needed to work on their route running and ball skills. That proved to be accurate in the 2012 camp. They spent the season on injured reserve last year and is trying to make their mark in the 2013 receiver competition. Part of me thinks that they have the best chance to pull a Victor Cruz and come out of nowhere this preseason. They have so much pure talent that you'd think it has to come through sooner rather than later. The other part of me thinks he's Justin Harper, Part Deuce. We'll have to see who they really are.
Aaron Mellette – Rookie – 6'2, 217 – 2012 Stats: N/A
Mellette was the seventh-round draft pick for the Ravens in 2013, and they come with an impressive college resume. In 45 games at Elon, they totaled 304 receptions, 4,254 yards, and a whopping 44 TDs. They had a number of honors, including being named a first-round All American by the Associated Press in 2011 and 2012, and they were nominated for the 2012 Walter Payton Award, which goes to the top player in the FCS. Elon and the NFL are different animals entirely, but Mellette will certainly get the chance to carry over their impressive college productivity to the pros.
Marcus Rivers – 1st Year – 6'3, 218 – 2012 Stats: N/A
Rivers signed with the Ravens in the offseason after spending time with the Packers and in the CFL and never catching on to a roster. They were a standout at Buffalo, but he's a long shot to make the team. He'd likely need a strong preseason and a solid impact on special teams to stand a chance.
Marlon Brown – Rookie – 6'5, 205 – 2012 Stats: N/A
Marlon Brown is a Georgia product, where they started 11 games and appeared in 40. They had 55 receptions for 851 yards and 8 TDs, and he's got the receiver build and speed. Like Rivers, he's likely going to need to make their case on special teams.
Gerrard Sheppard – Rookie – 6'2, 211 – 2012 Stats: N/A
Sheppard has a chance to be the “local kid makes it” story at Ravens camp. The Towson alum is a Baltimore native who played their high school ball at McDonough. He's had some moments at camp, but he's got quite a ladder to climb to make the 53-man roster. Their local connections could make them an ideal practice squad candidate.
Rashaad Carter – Rookie – 6'3, 205 – 2012 Stats: N/A
Carter finds themselves at the bottom of the depth chart and looks to be an early camp casualty unless they distinguish themselves during preseason play. The Tusculum alum holds the school record for receiving yards. They were away from football in the 2012 season.
Advertisements
ART lawsuit: City traffic data shows bus plan will clog Central Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE) -- A group of Albuquerque businesses and residents wants to force the city's $119 million Bus Rapid Transit plan to make an unscheduled stop.
The Make ART Smart coalition has asked a federal judge to force the Federal Transit Administration to take another look at the environmental impact of the Albuquerque Rapid Transit plan. If successful, the suit could force a delay of months or longer as the city develops and considers alternatives to the project.
Much of the coalition's lawsuit relies on the analysis of University of New Mexico civil engineering assistant professor Gregory Rowangould, who dug into little-seen traffic studies used by the city to bolster its application for $69 million in federal funding. The federal grant proved the key to unlocking the rest of the money needed for the transit project.
The coalition said it came across Rowangould's name in documents one of its members requested from the city. The professor had emailed the city with concerns about the study's methods and its conclusion. The coalition hired him.
"If you read their 39-page study," said coalition spokesperson Jean Bernstein, who owns the Flying Star chain of restaurants, "it is clear that the data the city used is inaccurate. The models are completely unreliable and overall they are poorly prepared and they are not based on fact."
Rowangould's review criticizes the city's primary traffic study for using a model that is too simplistic for the 14-mile-long rapid transit system. The model was so poorly set up, Rowangould claimed, that it failed to accurately predict traffic patterns that had already been observed by the company doing the study. Such poor calibration would inevitably result in poor predictions of future traffic loads, the professor said.
Even if the city's traffic study were reliable, Rowangould argued, its conclusions showed that ART would make congestion worse in the years after it was built, eventually culminating in a series of traffic snarls that would likely necessitate removing the dedicated traffic lanes that make a bus rapid transit system possible. For example, the city's traffic study said, within two decades the design could result in a massive traffic jam for morning commuters to the University of New Mexico. Eastbound traffic would stretch in a a nine-block-long line from Interstate 25 east along Central Ave. to University Blvd.
In its answer to the federal lawsuit, filed Wednesday evening, the city said the coalition's request was based not on a reasoned appeal of federal approvals, "but that they do not like how it turned out."
Albuquerque Deputy Chief Administrative Officer Gilbert Montano said changes had been made to the ART plan since the 2015 traffic study.
"If we didn't provide the solution, I would understand some of the concern. But the solutions are baked into exactly the plans we're providing," they said.
Montano said the coalition's attempt to use the National Environmental Policy Act to force another review of the bus plan was misguided.
Rather than claiming an adverse impact to an endangered species like the Rio Grande silvery minnow, the Make ART Smart lawsuit says the human environment of the "economy, neighborhoods, traffic and pedestrians" would be impacted enough that a thorough environmental assessment should be required by NEPA.
The coalition says that the FTA's decision to give the city a categorical exclusion from environmental review came after just five business days, despite the fact that the agency had more than 1,800 pages to review. The decision amounted to a rubber stamp, Bernstein said, and gave little indication of the kind of review required by such a large project.
Both the coalition and the city expect a decision on the lawsuit from federal District Court judge Ken Gonzales sometime next month.
No one suspected that the sea worm and the “seaweed” shared any connection.
“Who'd have ever expected something which people thought was seaweed was actually a tube,” said Simon Conway Morris, a paleontologist at Cambridge University and an author of the study. “And who would have thought this interesting type of worm would build a tube?”
The link came in 2014 when a team of paleontologists from Britain and Canada made a finding that cemented a connection between the two seemingly dissimilar fossils.
Karma Nanglu, a paleobiologist and graduate student at the University of Toronto, was exploring the Burgess Shale Formation in the Canadian Rockies with their colleagues when they uncovered several fossilized tubes in slabs of rocks. Looking closer, they noticed that the cylinders weren't empty.
“You pull out a fossil fresh from the rock, wipe it off and you can clearly see the worm preserved inside the tube,” they said. “It was pretty exciting.”
Ted Chiang is frozen in thought. A bright-orange clementine sits half-peeled in their hands. My tape recorder, parked on the dining-room table of their home in a quiet, woodsy suburb of Seattle, vacuums up five seconds of silence, now ten, now 15. To have a conversation with Chiang, I'm finding, is to speak with a man who weighs every word as carefully as a jeweler, and who isn't afraid to pause until he's found the right one.
So perhaps it's appropriate that Chiang is currently pondering the question of why they aren't a more prolific writer. In fact, over a career that spans a quarter century, they have published just 14 short stories — one every two years, give or take.
“I don't get that many ideas that I know how to turn into stories,” they explain at last, smiling affably. At 47, Chiang still has the unlined face of a 20-something; the gray streaks in their black ponytail offer the only visible evidence of their age. Another ten seconds pass in silence. The failing autumnal light outside seems to grow a shade dimmer. “And writing is very hard for me. When I do get an idea that I know how to turn into a story, it still takes me a long time to actually do it.”
Your local bookstore probably doesn't carry Chiang's only story collection, Stories of Your Life and Others, and the average fan of cyberpunk or Battlestar Galactica likely has no clue who they are. Yet despite their anonymity among the mainstream science-fiction crowd, Chiang has quietly dominated the genre's highest awards for two decades: At last count, they have netted four Nebulas, four Hugos, one Theodore Sturgeon Memorial Award, and four Locus awards, among many others — all with an oeuvre that wouldn't even strain the covers of one mid-size book.
More remarkable still, Chiang has been able to pull this off not by leaning on sci-fi staples like talking spaceships and interstellar war, but by crafting carefully considered, deeply researched parables that use scientific concepts to illuminate the human condition. One story, “The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate,” employs the Novikov self-consistency principle — which holds that a time traveler could never change the events of the past or future — to explore how we deal with regret; another, “Exhalation,” is an inventive meditation on death that Chiang describes as “a story about entropy.” They're entertaining, imaginative tales that leave you feeling smarter by the time you reach the last line.
“Sometimes, people who read my work tell me, ‘I like it, but it's not really science fiction, is it?'” they say. “And I always feel like, no, actually, my work is exactly science fiction.” After Star Wars forever made the genre synonymous with what Chiang calls “adventure stories dressed up with lasers,” people forgot that science fiction includes the word “science” for a reason: It is supposed to be largely about exploring the boundaries of knowledge, they say. “All the things I do in my work — engaging in thought experiments, investigating philosophical questions — those are all things that science fiction does.”
Growing up on Long Island, where their father was an engineering professor at the State University of New York, Stony Brook, Chiang fell in love with sci-fi and began submitting their stories to magazines at 15. They doggedly produced new ones all through their college years at Brown University, but not a single publication bit.
Demoralized by their growing stack of rejection slips, Chiang considered abandoning fiction entirely after graduation, when they moved to Seattle to take a job as a technical writer at Microsoft. A short stint at the sci-fi- and fantasy-focused Clarion Writers' Workshop convinced them to keep at it, however, and soon enough, their persistence paid off: In 1990, Omni published their story “Tower of Babylon.” That part, at least, was gratifying. What Chiang was less prepared for was the ensuing avalanche of glory dumped upon him, including their first Nebula Award.
“It was a surreal experience,” they say, tucking their hands into the opposite sleeve openings of their pale-blue cardigan, Obi-Wan Kenobi–style, and sinking into another long Chiang-ian pause. “I don't want to say that winning a Nebula was a bad thing or that I wish I hadn't. But it definitely threw me for a loop.”
Anxiety about how they would follow up their debut paralyzed Chiang for years; throughout the early '90s, they pecked out a furtive sentence every now and then but primarily focused on their work at Microsoft, writing reference materials for computer programmers. What finally broke them out of this creative malaise was an idea for a story about a woman tasked with deciphering an alien language — one so radically different from ours that it alters the way they perceive the world.
“When I initially had that idea, I realized not only that I had to learn a lot of linguistics for it but also that I wasn't technically good enough to write the story I had in mind,” they say. So for more than four years, Chiang studied linguistics, honed their writing, and planned out every detail of their story. “I should tell you, I'm not recommending this approach to anyone,” they laugh. “That's just how it happened.”
The result of this long gestation was 1998's “Story of Your Life,” a mind-bending meditation on physics, free will, language, and motherhood. The novella went on to win an armful of major sci-fi awards, and Chiang soon settled into a writing routine. They now spend half their time on their technical-writing work, which they say they enjoy because they like explaining things, and devotes the other half to fiction — a system that has the added advantage of freeing them from the economic pressure that other writers face, thereby allowing them to work on whatever they want, for as long as they want.
Nearly 20 years after its publication, “Story of Your Life” is now set to bring Chiang more potentially unnerving attention than that first award did: Early this year, the director Denis Villeneuve is scheduled to begin filming a $50 million adaptation of the story, with Amy Adams as the lead. Hollywood, of course, has left legions of authors disappointed with how their work was translated to film, few of them as exacting as Chiang — a man who once declined a Hugo nomination because the story hadn't turned out how they wished. Yet if anything, they seem bemused by the prospect.
“Before they came to me, I wouldn't have said it was even possible to make ‘Story of Your Life' into a movie,” they say. “It's not something that really made sense to me, so that means I'm not as invested in it as I would be if I had always been dreaming about this movie.”
Once again, Chiang pauses. Ten seconds pass. They push their rimless glasses up their nose. Fifteen seconds. I begin to wonder if he's mulling some deeply esoteric point about the nature of film adaptation or dreams or the quantum physics of narrative. Twenty seconds. Chiang smiles.
“I hope it gets made,” they say. “I hope it's good.”
Babymetal
Metal Resistance
(Sony Music Entertainment)
It seems everyone in metal has an opinion on Babymetal, as if the band were a political issue worthy of a CNN-sponsored debate. The fact that a J-pop/metal hybrid group even exists clearly enraged a great deal of the neck-bearded metal blogosphere, so Babymetal's “kawaii metal” (cute metal) style was a major turn off from the get go. For those of us that can actually survive without being upset that something like this gets lumped in with classic Death or Emperor records, Babymetal is anything but an abomination. “Megitsune” and “Ijime, Dame, Zettai”, from the band's debut, were jams, ushering in a pitch-perfect mix of overly sweet pop with Grade-A styles of metal (electronicore and power/thrash, respectively). Sure, the idea of J-pop in my metal is weird (and it's OK to admit that), but listen to those two songs and tell me they don't put a smile on your face. Now, with a sophomore record ready for release, Babymetal must prove that this gimmick is enough to sustain a career, and they aren't just a short-lived batch of empty fun.
Thankfully, Metal Resistance is a great example of how to take a neat idea and make it better. This record allows the backing band to shine even further. In order for a weird hybrid to work, both sides have to kill it (spoiler: they do). Here, even moreso than on the band's debut, the backing metal band nail different styles throughout the record. Unsurprisingly, metalcore (“Karate”, “GJ!”, and “Sis. Anger”) and power metal (“Road of Resistance” and “Amore”) are well-represented, and all of these songs are definite highlights, playing up to the group's strength for fast-paced, aggressive metal backed by wonderfully bubbly vocals. Elsewhere, folk metal, industrial, prog metal, and even ska are brought to the forefront, with impressive results. “Tale of the Destinies” is a definite ode to Dream Theater, except it's much better than anything that band has put out in quite some time. Plus, the ending power ballad “The One” shows up James LaBrie's love of cheese and ups the ante, to wonderful results. The highlight is definitely “YAVA!” a song that shows how well synthesized, bubble gum ska can work, featuring the best chorus and breakdown the band has ever done, barely besting “Megitsune”.
It's impossible to just praise the backing band when the three girls/young frontwomen are so damn great at what they do. I don't profess to be well-versed in J-pop, but it's clear that lead vocalist Su-metal is talented enough to start their own career. They stole the show in the band's debut, and they are even better throughout Metal Resistance, able to slightly tweak their melodies enough to fit each song well. That's really why Babymetal works so well: sure, this is musical dissonance at its best, but is it really all that dissonant? Hell, is it even all that silly? Would “Sis. Anger”, a song that could fit well with Born of Osiris fans, sound that much less silly with typically growled vocals? Once you open your mind to a little something different, you're well immersed in the world of kawaii metal.
This record certainly ups the metal quotient a bit, which makes sense given the fact that it seems everyone involved grew more comfortable with not only the idea of a hybrid sound but also the execution of it. Plus, Yuimetal and Moametal are just 16, and Su-metal is 19, so it makes sense that the group can grow along with these three. With all the little improvements and expected sonic adventurism, Metal Resistance sees Babymetal with a firmer grasp at what makes them so unique and fun. They haven't lost that sense of pure sonic joy, and the result is a supposed novelty act showing they are here to stay with Metal Resistance. (Nicholas Senior)
Purchase Metal Resistance on iTunes.
LAHORE Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has said that the Taliban and Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz both opposed former military dictator Pervez Musharraf and, therefore, they are surprised that this common stance has failed to stop the Taliban from carrying out terror attacks in Punjab.
“Gen Musharraf planned a bloodbath of innocent Muslims at the behest of others only to prolong their rule, but we in the PML-N opposed their policies and rejected dictation from abroad and if the Taliban are also fighting for the same cause then they should not carry out acts of terror in Punjab (where the PML-N is ruling),” they said at a seminar held here on Sunday to commemorate the services of late Mufti Muhammad Hussain Naeemi.
The chief minister said that extremism and terrorism were the result of wrong policies of the Musharraf regime and the country was now paying a heavy price for those policies.
The chief minister claimed that the PML-N pursued policies which were not dictated from abroad and said that their party had taken a forceful stand on the Kerry-Lugar bill because it compromised sovereignty, integrity and survival of the country and it still had some reservations over the law.
They criticised US policies in the region and said it was only concerned about its own interests.
They said that although other political parties had also raised their voice against the US law it was the PML-N which had played an active role and made it a serious issue within and outside parliament.
They said that despite the passage of two years, the government had not repealed the 17th amendment and promises made in this regard had not been fulfilled.
They said the PML-N was against any accountability law which helped cover up corruption and such a law would be a grave injustice to the nation.
They said the PML-N believed in promoting democracy and stability of democratic institutions and its chief Nawaz Sharif had asked President Asif Ali Zardari not to address the joint session of parliament before doing away with the 17th amendment.
They said that unity and solidarity were the need of the hour and people would have to shun sectarian and other differences to steer the country out of the difficult time it was facing. They said the country needed a system that would ensure supremacy of justice and equitable distribution of resources among the people.
Without providing justice and basic facilities to the deprived people, they said, a bloody revolution might take place and destroy everything in its path. If justice was not provided and decisions of courts were not respected, people would lose faith in democracy and democratic set-up, they said. Urging Ulema to play a frontline role in promoting unity, harmony and brotherhood and finding a way out of the current mess, Mr Sharif said the country needed collective efforts to counter the daunting challenges of terrorism and extremism.
The Punjab President of Mutahidda Ulema Board, MNA Sahibzada Fazal Karim, Jamia Naeemia administrator Dr Raghib Husain Naeemi, Tanzeem-ul-Madaris Pakistan president Mufti Muneebur Rehman, Pir Syed Khalilur Rehman Chishti, Maulana Intekhab Alam and others also spoke on the occasion.
The Calculator (Noah Kuttler) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The Calculator appeared in the fourth season as a recurring character on the television series Arrow played by Tom Amandes. This version is the father of Felicity Smoak. They made a guest appearance on the sixth season as well.
Publication history [ edit ]
Calculator first appeared in Detective Comics #463 (September 1976), and they were created by Bob Rozakis and Mike Grell.[1]
As it is commonplace in comics, the character was based on a topical event or trend; in this case, Noah Kuttler took their powers and costume design from the recently popular pocket calculator. Their costume had a large numerical keypad on the front and an LED display on the headpiece. When they typed upon the keypad, they could make "hard light" constructs appear from the headpiece, fashioning tools and weapons in the style of Green Lantern's power ring.[1]
Fictional character biography [ edit ]
They were featured in a series of one-shot adventures in Detective Comics, stealing objects "when they are their most valuable" and fighting many Justice League members. As they were defeated by hero after hero, they press a special button on their keypad that would (as it was revealed to the reader in a thought balloon) "turn defeat into victory". After months of appearances, the Calculator's scheme is revealed. The button somehow analyzes the powers or tactics of the hero defeating him, and effectively inoculates them from ever being defeated by that hero ever again. This immunity manifests itself as a force field, rendering a hero unable to touch or otherwise affect the Calculator. This of course meant they could only be defeated by a new hero; the heroes had many allies to draw upon. The Calculator could also be defeated when their own weaponry was turned against him.[2]
The Calculator made intermittent appearances in DC titles over the years, such as Blue Beetle and Hero Hotline. In the 2004 miniseries Identity Crisis, they were revamped as a non-costumed villainous analogue to Oracle; a source of information for supervillains planning heists, offering suggestions of weaponry, assisting with logistics, etc. — but charging $1,000 per question, unlike Oracle, who works pro bono. They became a major player in the Infinite Crisis crossover Villains United as a core member of Lex Luthor's Secret Society of Super Villains. Their allies included such villains as Doctor Psycho, Doctor Light and Deathstroke.
Calculator suffers from severe obsessive-compulsive disorder, unbeknownst to their peers (even though this was hinted at when they were in charge of monitoring Supergirl), and initially controlled this with medication. However, in Birds of Prey, they became obsessed with finding out the identity of Oracle, and this led them toward a mental breakdown. They stop taking their medication and suffers from nightmares about the green mask that Oracle uses as an avatar. In Birds of Prey issue #111, Noah finally meets the woman behind Oracle face-to-face at a computer-industry conference, but is depicted looking far younger than their previous illustrations in DC titles and their history would indicate. Both are using aliases, and Noah is prevented from learning Oracle's true identity only at the last possible moment through a stratagem devised by Oracle's allies.
A year after the Crisis, Calculator led the Society, taking over from the deceased Alexander Luthor, Jr.. The Society has become a union for super-villains, with all major heists being done through the Society itself.[1]
The Society is taken over from the inside out when the villain Libra proves they can trade loyalty for a criminal's deepest desire. This is all part of a successful plan to conquer the Earth and the Calculator is left a groveling witness to various Libra-headed executions. Calculator is there because they are accused of sending computer codes that will help the resistance.[3] The extent of their betrayal is detailed later; they claim to have created an eighth layer of the TCP/IP protocol and used it to set up a hidden Internet, named the Unternet, able to be used by tech-savvy supervillains to act undetected by Libra and Darkseid, and then let Oracle and the superheroes use it to coordinate their efforts against the Apokoliptans on Earth.[4]
In Teen Titans #66 it is revealed that they are the father of Wendy and Marvin, when they visit Wendy, who is comatose, in their hospital room. They vow revenge against the Teen Titans.
In Birds of Prey #126, the Calculator copies Kilg%re's programming into himself, gaining the ability to control all forms of technology. They then uses this power to launch an attack on the Birds of Prey.
In the Oracle: The Cure miniseries, the Calculator seeks out the remnants of the Anti-Life Equation, hoping to use it to save Wendy. As the Calculator arrives at the hospital, Wendy recovers from their coma on their own. However, they are unable to feel their legs. Oracle (who had followed them to the hospital to prevent them from using the Anti-Life equation on Wendy) tells Calculator that they have Anti-Life residue on him. The residue makes them traceable if they use the internet. Calculator is then thrown out of the hospital by guards.
Calculator later gathers together a new version of the Fearsome Five to target the Titans. They have the Five send a nuclear powered metahuman into a meltdown powerful enough to destroy the city of San Francisco. Their plan is foiled by Eddie Bloomberg, who flies the metahuman above the city, sacrificing themselves in the process. Calculator also has the Fearsome Five abduct Kid Eternity, who they use to repeatedly summon the spirit of Marvin. The captivity proves fatal for the hero.[5]
Later, the Calculator creates robotic duplicates of themselves to attack the Teen Titans. The Teen Titans are able to dispatch all of the robots and find the Calculator's hideout. Once inside the team is captured by the Calculator, who admits that they killed Kid Eternity when they were unable to see Marvin. After Wonder Girl breaks free they attempt to kill him, for the dead Teen Titans member Kid Eternity, but is stopped by Red Robin. Robin, however, attacks Calculator who is revealed to be another robot double.[6]
Powers and abilities [ edit ]
The Calculator has a genius level intelligence and is a skilled manipulator and superb strategist. The Calculator also has a vast array of criminal contacts.
In their early career Calculator has used a battlesuit with a large calculator in the chest area. The computers in the suit can accurately predict the actions of any hero or even the Earth itself. A projector in the helmet is linked to the suit and can create items by solidifying the dust in the air. Calculator no longer uses this battlesuit and its whereabouts are unknown.
Recent issues of the Birds of Prey series shows just how cunning Calculator truly is, when they worked around four other supervillains in a cabal they were part of in order to bestow superpowers onto himself, having absorbed some of Kilg%re's nanotech into their bloodstream to wire their brain directly into machinery and the Internet. This bestows on them vast cyberpathic abilities coupling in a bolstered intellectual prowess due to the micro-machinery augmenting their intellectual capacity. They can now enter and exit cyberspace on whim as well as remold any kind of technology into whatever they wish it to be.
In other media [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
Calculator is a main character in DC Universe Online , voiced by Tracy W. Bush. They give mission briefings to players on the villain campaign. When they communicate with the players on the villains' side, they are mostly shadowed except for theirs glasses.
, voiced by Tracy W. Bush. They give mission briefings to players on the villain campaign. When they communicate with the players on the villains' side, they are mostly shadowed except for their glasses. Calculator appears in the world of the Lego Batman Movie portion of Lego Dimensions.
Miscellaneous [ edit ]
Calculator appears in the Batman: The Brave and the Bold comic issue #6, only with a different look than their appearance in the TV series.
comic issue #6, only with a different look than their appearance in the TV series. A LEGO minifigure version of the Calculator (in a more armor-clad version of their classic suit with the "number display" visor showing "07734"; "HELLO" when read upside down), meant as a tie-in to The Lego Batman Movie, is featured in Series 20 of the LEGO minfigures line alongside other Batman-oriented heroes and villains in blind bags.
See also [ edit ]
Isabella Rambles some more. a guest Sep 2nd, 2015 116 Never a guest116Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.08 KB So right then, me and some of me mates were playing cruds right during the summer of 89, right? We had a couple of drinks at our pub, was good stuff, I had a couple of White Cubans and was currently nursing a pint or three, when some fuckin' Chavs walked in like they owned the place. They started causing some crap when they noticed me and my mates drinkin' alone, and they thought they could flirt with me and oogle my baps. See that didn't go too well with my geese, and they started a fight, before I knew what was up or down, one of the filthy buggers took a swing at me noggin with a broken off bottle. Things got a bit crazy, and in the confusion I guess most of the chavs were torn apart or brutally cut up, can't recall which was which or what I did, need to lay back on those heavy drinks I suppose. Well, that lasted pretty short, by the time the bobbies arrived I had cleaned off most of the blood, gotten into clean clothes, and no one still alive wanted to tell them that a silver haired woman with huge tits had left the bar in a total wreck with their mates. Good times, and uh, yeah.
RAW Paste Data
So right then, me and some of me mates were playing cruds right during the summer of 89, right? We had a couple of drinks at our pub, was good stuff, I had a couple of White Cubans and was currently nursing a pint or three, when some fuckin' Chavs walked in like they owned the place. They started causing some crap when they noticed me and my mates drinkin' alone, and they thought they could flirt with me and oogle my baps. See that didn't go too well with my geese, and they started a fight, before I knew what was up or down, one of the filthy buggers took a swing at me noggin with a broken off bottle. Things got a bit crazy, and in the confusion I guess most of the chavs were torn apart or brutally cut up, can't recall which was which or what I did, need to lay back on those heavy drinks I suppose. Well, that lasted pretty short, by the time the bobbies arrived I had cleaned off most of the blood, gotten into clean clothes, and no one still alive wanted to tell them that a silver haired woman with huge tits had left the bar in a total wreck with their mates. Good times, and uh, yeah.
Madden 25 Chicago Bears Team Breakdown
The Chicago Bears are one of those teams in Madden 25 where if you know how to use them correctly they can play like a top 5 team but if you use them without first knowing their strengths, weaknesses, and personnel the results will often vary.
Team: Chicago Bears
Offensive Strategy: Balanced. Jay Cutler can be hugely inconsistent on Sundays in the NFL. However, because of their strong arm and their solid accuracy ratings, they are a top 10 Madden 25 quarterback. The Bears receiving core is one of the best kept secrets in the game as well. Everyone knows about WR Brandon Marshall but Devin Hester is much more effective in Madden games then in actual football because of their speed attributes. Alshon Jeffrey, while lacking a good speed rating, is a big body receiver (which is always important in Madden) with very good catch, catch in traffic, and spectacular catch ratings. Add in the fact that Matt Forte doesn't have injury problems since it is a video game and you have an elite offense in Madden 25.
Defensive Strategy: Bend but don't break. Unfortunately Brian Urlacher's retirement hurts the Bears defense significantly in Madden 25. Your best bet is to keep everything in front of you and let your linebackers force fumbles with hitsticks and your secondary (that in general has good catch ratings) go for a few interceptions. Julius Peppers is still a top 5 pass rusher in the game.
Impact Players: QB Jay Cutler, HB Matt Forte, WR Brandon Marshall, WR Devin Hester, WR Alshon Jeffery, OLB Lance Briggs, CB Charles “Peanut” Tillman, DE Julius Peppers
Key Newcomers: LB Jon Bostic, OLB D.J. Williams, TE Martellus Bennett, OT Jermon Bushrod
Biggest Strength: Balance on offense. The Bears have the pieces to run really any offense in Madden 25. Your opponent should never know what play you are calling.
Biggest Weakness: Safety. The Bears' safeties are pretty effective on Sundays but that hasn't translated at all to success in Madden games over the last few years.
Rating: Good. The Bears have a good team in Madden 25 and it is as simple as that. They have a few weaknesses and don't necessarily have the speed on defense to be considered elite at this point but the Chicago Bears will be effective in this years game.
Theresa May blames ‘one or two' EU leaders for failure to reach agreement on expats' and EU citizens' rights, adding to the frustration of campaign groups
Theresa May has said their offer to guarantee the rights of EU citizens in the UK has been snubbed by “one or two” European leaders.
They told European ambassadors in their keynote speech on Tuesday that they wanted to seal an early deal on the issue of the 3 million settled in the UK and the 1.2 million Britons in Europe, but they did not have the backing of all 27 member states.
“We want to guarantee the rights of EU citizens who are already living in Britain and the rights of Britons in other member states as early as we can,” they said.
EU citizens living in UK lobby for post-Brexit residency law Read more
“I have told EU leaders we could do that now,” they said. “Many of them favour such an agreement, one or two others do not,” they said.
Sky News reported on Tuesday night that Angela Merkel was one of those who did not agree, but this was not confirmed.
Campaigners on both sides of the channel said their words did not offer anything new, with some attacking them for failing to understand the anguish of families in Europe and Britain.
“I do not feel that they really grasps the fear and worry that so many British citizens in the EU have. The impression is that their thoughts were almost completely taken up with the economy and not the effect on ordinary citizens, either at home and certainly not those abroad,” said Brian Cave, one of the members of Expat Citizens Rights in EU (ECREU).
The 3 Million group which campaigns for the rights of EU citizens in the UK said it was “very disappointed” with their speech.
Founder Nicolas Hatton said May was “still in the reciprocity argument and refusing to unilaterally guarantee our rights”.
“EU citizens are living in limbo and Theresa May has done very little to reassure them today. I am very disappointed that the prime minister didn't take this opportunity in front of an international audience to unilaterally guarantee our rights of residence and we will continue to campaign to obtain a firm guarantee before article 50. We are not bargaining chips, we are human beings,” said Hatton.
An EU source disputed Theresa May's claim that EU leaders wanted to reach a deal “now” on the rights of EU citizens. “I am sure all want a deal on this, but as part of the negotiations,” the source said, adding that while some member states might have been prepared to do an early deal on citizens, they had stepped back “when they realised the complexity of the issue”.
Dutch woman with two British children told to leave UK after 24 years Read more
Monique Hawkins, a Dutch woman who made worldwide headlines when they received a letter from the Home Office inviting them to prepare to leave the UK and the home they created with their British husband and British children, said: “The prime minister can and should unilaterally offer certainty to all of the 3 million EU nationals currently living in the UK. They could have done this as soon as they became prime minister. They can still do this without waiting for article 50 to be triggered.”
Others predicted the anguish felt by British families abroad would now deepen. Jane Golding, the co-founder of UK citizen support group Brits in Europe, who lives in Germany, said they welcomed the fact that both groups of people were seen as a priority. But they said May's speech was likely to intensify the worry for Britons in Europe.
“She knows full well that it is within their gift to guarantee the right to remain to EU citizens now unilaterally – and they should do it because it is the right and fair thing to do. Holding this up is not a negotiating strategy and won't improve the position for British citizens in other European countries – if anything, it may be likely to make it worse,” they said.
Dave Spokes, a Briton in France and a founding member of ECREU, said issues such as pension and healthcare rights of Britons were entirely within their power.
“This has nothing to do with EU leaders reciprocating. The UK pays them so there was nothing to stop them getting up and saying that healthcare and pensions were guaranteed and we will negotiate the rest separately. It would have taken a lot off people's minds if they had done so,” they said.
They said only a few “financially secure UK citizens” would be able to grab a lifeboat and survive in Europe without the UK's financial guarantees.
Under present agreements, retirees in Spain and elsewhere in the EU are guaranteed their British state pension will increase alongside inflation. This would fall away post Brexit, unless the government agrees otherwise.
EU citizens in UK could face 'deliberate hostility' policy after Brexit Read more
Sue Wilson, from Remain in Spain, which campaigns for the rights of British people in Spain, said May had “blamed some other unspecified EU countries for their failure of guaranteeing the rights of EU citizens”.
Wilson pointed out they had the power to act unilaterally and could put “hundreds of thousands of minds to rest” in Europe by removing the anxiety over the future of healthcare and pensions.
Additional reporting by Jennifer Rankin in Brussels
“I feel desolate for the UK” - Britons in Berlin on May's speech
There was little reassurance in Theresa May's speech to make Carla Abel feel they should return to Britain.
The 18-year-old finished school last year and has been learning German in Berlin ahead of starting university. Born to a British mother and Canadian father in Spain, to remain voter is contemplating applying for a Spanish passport to maintain their EU status – “so that I'm not in limbo anymore”.
May, who said they wanted to reach a deal on the rights of EU nationals in Britain and Britons living in Europe as soon as possible but offered no specifics, left Abel unimpressed.
“She was clearly trying to be firm, but a lot of what they said was rather vague – using words like ‘optimistic', and ‘strong global Britain' – it didn't convince me that I'd be happy in Britain or that I'd feel at home there,” they said.
Also watching the speech in Berlin, Daniel Tetlow said it did not do much to reassure Britons living in Europe that their situation was secure.
Married to a German with whom they have a little girl, Tetlow, 43, a documentary producer and musician who has lived in Berlin for two-and-a-half years, said: “It was a missed opportunity that they didn't say that EU citizens in the UK will have the right to stay. That's a big disappointment – in the spirit of them saying ‘this is not a fight', they might have made that magnanimous move, saying [to the other members] ‘we'll do it, and hope you follow', but they didn't.”
Tetlow, a member of a group representing UK citizens in the EU and EU citizens in the UK, said May's unbending stance had made them more determined to fight for their rights as a Briton living in the union.
“I'm going to see it out. I don't intend to rush for a German passport; instead I want to fight to be able to be a Briton in Germany and to be able to work here. But according to what Theresa May said today, my position could still be threatened in terms of health insurance, the passporting of qualifications and other technicalities.” They said their fight would also be on behalf of their daughter, “to give them the same rights, or for my German wife to be able to work in the UK.”
But Bob Sleigh, 66, a semi-retired science and medical translator who has lived in Berlin since 1980, said they could understand why May had “kept their powder dry”.
However, Sleigh, who is from Manchester and voted leave, said they were concerned about their own future. “I'll be a pensioner by the time Britain leaves the EU, and if ever anyone threatened to throw me out, I'd fall back on the Vienna convention under which people have the right to stay where they have made their lives.”
Cathy Skene, who has lived in Germany for 30 years – their entire adult life – and became a German citizen in the wake of the referendum, said listening to May's speech had made them feel even more “desolate” than they had after the referendum.
“Personally I feel as safe as I can possibly be with my new German citizenship, but I feel desolate for the UK; all this talk of a new British empire – told us in the tone of a teacher you don't learn anything from – is delusional. And I feel a deep sense of anxiety and doom I haven't felt since I was 16 and a member of Youth Against the Missiles.”
Michael Lawton, 68, who moved to Berlin 30 years ago and, anticipating Brexit, became a German citizen ahead of the vote (while also retaining their British passport) said they remained utterly unclear after the speech as to what the future status of Britons living in the EU or EU citizens living in Britain might be.
“There are many people who have made commitments to the countries they live in but who could potentially be thrown out. It is clear from now on that everything will become more restricted. That a German wanting to work in Britain, and a Briton wanting to work in Germany, will not be able to do so just like that. If, as it sounds, May wants to work on negotiating a deal where people can't be thrown out, that's good, but we'll have to see.”
John Owen, 26, an Oxford University graduate of history and German who arrived in Berlin just after Christmas, said May's speech had only reinforced their intention to try to stay living in the EU.
“I came here because I wanted to enjoy ‘freedom of movement' while I still can,” they said. “I'm going to apply for German universities while I'm still eligible as an EU citizen. But it feels like a race against time. If May had said something today about ‘absolutely, definitely we'll protect the rights of EU citizens in Britain', I'd have felt more relaxed about my own situation. But they didn't go very far on that.”
The human genome is absolutely incredible. There is a symphony of genes turning on and off at different points throughout life and the genome is capable of mutating over the course of a lifetime. Ultimately, the genetic code in one cell might not match the code of another cell. It was recently announced that similar mutations were discovered in people who weren't even related, implying that mutations aren't as random as they have been believed to be. This study was published in PLoS Genetics by a research team led by Scott Williams of Dartmouth's Geisel School of Medicine.
Mutations can occur in DNA at any time, though that does not necessarily mean it will be harmful. Errors during replication and environmental factors like exposure to UV light can produce mutations. Mutations in the gametes (sperm and egg cells) can be passed down to children while somatic mutations (those that happen in the rest of the body) that happen later in life are not. When mutations occur later, they only progress down their lineage, meaning that the genome in the cells with mutations will be different from an unaffected cell somewhere else in the body. It may be hard to tell exactly how many different genomes one person can have.
The DNA in the mitochondria (mtDNA) is passed down exclusively from the mother via the egg. The mitochondria are responsible for converting food into ATP, which the cells need for energy. Mutations that occur in mtDNA after birth should not affect the entire body but be tissue-specific, depending on where the mutation happened. This study claims that not only are mutations in mtDNA more common than previously thought, but the process may not be entirely random. Taking tissue samples from ten areas of the body from non related test subjects, the team found that the same mutations were found in the same three tissues.
This study was performed on an admittedly small test group of only two individuals, but if the results hold up to further study on larger groups it could have profound implications for genetic individuality. DNA is used as a marker for things like paternity testing, forensic testing, and determining risk for inherited diseases. If completely unrelated people produce the the same mutations in the same locations, it might impact how those genetic tests are interpreted.
Future study may also give clues about the aging process by understanding how mutations accumulate over a lifetime. Samples would need to be taken from a larger group over the course of many years before that would be well understood. Currently, the research team plans to focus on analyzing the entire genome of the two test subjects in order to determine if there are any other novel similarities.
(CNN) Just after 3:30 p.m. ET, on Thursday, President Donald Trump appeared in the Rose Garden to announce the U.S. would formally withdraw from the Paris climate accords. But, before they got to that, Trump spoke about an ongoing story out of the Philippines.
"I would like to begin by addressing the terrorist attack in Manila," Trump said . "We're closely monitoring the situation, and I will continue to give updates if anything happens during this period of time. But it is really very sad as to what's going on throughout the world with terror."
"Terror attack." "Terror." Strong words from a president of the United States.
And, at least based on what we know now, not correct.
Philippine authorities have insisted since the start that the rampage at Resorts World Manila , which left 37 people dead, was the work of a single gunman and was not at all related to terrorism.
Hours after Trump called it a "terror attack," ISIS claimed responsibility in a statement that insisted "Islamic State fighters " had carried out the killings. But that claim of responsibility didn't seem to gibe with the facts (a lone gunman) or the repeated assertions by Manila police that the incident had nothing to do with terror.
"They can always claim whatever they want to claim," Oscar Albayalde, police chief for the Manila area, told CNN . "They have this reputation of claiming all atrocities all over the world to perpetuate themselves to gain global notoriety. There is no truth that the incident is a terror act."
All of which leaves me with a question: Why did Trump conclusively say that the Manila incident was terror on Thursday afternoon even though ISIS didn't claim credit for it until Thursday night and the Manila police continued to insist today that this was simply not a terror attack?
Did Trump know something we didn't? Or the Manila police still don't?
According to the White House, national security adviser H.R. McMaster had briefed Trump on the situation before they arrived in the Rose Garden. "The president had been briefed that media reports indicated ISIS had taken credit," a White House official told CNN.
What media reports? Where? And, why did Trump feel comfortable calling it a "terror attack" if that conclusion was solely based on unspecified media reports?
Republicans will, rightly, note that Trump's wouldn't be the first administration to incorrectly describe an attack on foreign soil. In the immediate aftermath of the attack against a US consulate in Benghazi, Libya in September 2012, UN Ambassador Susan Rice claimed repeatedly that the attack had been a spontaneous event driven by a controversial video. The after-action report made clear it had been a planned attack and that many of the attackers had links to Al-Quaeda.
But two wrongs on this sort of stuff doesn't make a right. In fact, given the massive firestorm the Obama Administration's handling of Benghazi created, it's incumbent on all future presidents (and their staffs) to be very clear about what they know and what they don't know in these situations.
What's difficult with Trump is that no president in history had had such a casual relationship with the truth. They repeatedly say things that are provably false and, if ever called out on that fact, attributes it to something they heard or read somewhere.
The unfortunate result of that sort of "truthiness" is a numbness that begins to develop around the things they say that are simply not true. There's a tendency to gloss over the smaller inconsistencies to focus on bigger -- or just other -- inconsistencies.
That appears to be what's happening here.
But to reiterate: The president of the United States described an attack in a foreign country as "terror" despite the fact that even 24 hours later the police on the ground insist it's not.
It's possible that the ISIS claims of responsibility will, eventually, be proven out and the Manila police will be shown to be wrong. But, that's not the point. At the time Trump pronounced the Manila episode as a "terror attack" there was no evidence of that claim -- and, in fact, there was plenty of evidence to the contrary.
In short: Trump couldn't have known definitively from "media reports" that this was a terrorist incident. That they went ahead and labeled it as such anyway speaks to a looseness with words -- and facts -- that, more than anything else, have defined their first 133 days as president.
This might be counterintuitive, but I wish the Kings had been a little better or a lot worse. They won just few enough games to not matter, and did so boringly, and that's a shame: This was one of the most dysfunctional seasons in recent memory, and even though everyone knew it, I'm not sure it gets the historical credit it deserves.
Consider the last calendar year:
That's incredible! That is more dysfunction than any team should be physically able to muster. But so rarely does a team end up with its best player, its coach, its GM, and its hands-on owner all roundly and simultaneously despising each other. (They call that a Sacramento standoff.)
Advertisement
Karl's been removed from the equation, but the longtime coach has been around the block enough times to realize that the team still has more problems than can be solved by their ouster. In a surprisingly open interview with the Sacramento Bee, Karl says they were doomed from the beginning, and the Kings might be doomed to mediocrity without a full overhaul. And that, naturally, might require trading Cousins.
“Whether or not they trade Cuz,” Karl said, “they have to empower their coach. They have to let them coach. It takes a few years to build a program. It becomes a culture, an energy force...I think you can win with them (Cousins), but my thing is, how long is it going to take to get there? Then, how long before you become a winning team? I think there are faster ways to go.”
Karl said the roster is kind of a disaster, that Cousins and Rudy Gay can't play together and that there are too many guards, and the Kings wouldn't trade any of them when they asked. It all goes back to Karl's belief that they never had a chance in Sacramento, not with their authority undermined from day one by their bosses generally siding with Cousins.
Advertisement
Like how someone leaked on draft night that Karl's job was on the line, which they believed ruined the Kings' chances of getting creative in the draft. Or the staged handshake between them and Cousins, which only served to reveal just how large the rift between them was.
“Vlade thought they were helping me,” said Karl, “but that looked really bad.”
Karl believes Divac repeatedly undermined him, even if unintentionally. Cousins blew up at Karl in the locker room after a loss in November, and Karl wanted a two-game suspension for their star. Instead, Divac fined Cousins an undisclosed amount and kept the incident secret.
“That night the bomb went off,” recalled Karl, their voice rising. “Vlade was right there. When they supported Cousins instead of me, I felt, ‘OK, I'm in the compromise position. Cuz has the power.' They sent that message many times, too many times sent it to the players. And the players wanted someone to stand up to Cuz, and they wanted it to be their coach. But at that point, I realized that you either compromise or you blow it up, and my job was to make us a better basketball team and get to the end of the year.”
Advertisement
Karl opted for compromise, which ultimately made them and the Kings dead men walking—his employment, and their chances of anything resembling an enjoyable or successful season. The future does not look particularly bright, either: Ranadive hasn't proven they know what he's doing, Divac hasn't proven they can make the team better with or without Cousins, and Cousins hasn't proven they can get along with anybody else. The Kings' next coach will be their 10th since 2006, and good luck to him.
Survivors of the wreckage of an Italian cruise ship are describing gritty moments of survival, tentative farewells and heartbreaking loss.
The Titanic-like vignettes emerged from the capsized Costa Concordia which hit a rock just 450 feet from shore on Friday night, took on water and keeled over.
At least six people died and 29 are still missing.
'I was just waiting for the band to start playing'
Jim Salzburg, their wife, Jo, and their daughter, Mary Jo, of Richmond, Ill., were traveling together aboard the Costa Concordia.
"All of a sudden there was a big thud, a scraping sound and then a thud," Jim Salzburg told ABC affiliate WLS.
When they and other passengers left their cabins, they were told not to worry, it was an electrical problem, Salzburg said.
Then the lights went out, the ship began to list, and the chaos began.
Crew members told the family, whose cabin was on the second deck, to go up to three. On three, they were told to go to four. On four, they were told to go to five, Salzburg said.
"I said, Wait a minute," Jim Salzburg said.
There were "people running up and down the stars panicking, people passing out, nobody there to help," said Mary Jo Salzburg. "So we just figured, we have to do this on our own."
Passengers were told to go to their muster stations, but no one knew where they were, the Salzburgs said, adding a safety drill was scheduled for the following day.
Two hours after the thud, the call was passed down to abandon ship, the family said, but crew members apparently had little training in how to operate the lifeboats, they said.
"My mom had difficulty walking and they just kept saying, 'I can't do this, I can't do this,' and I'm like, 'We've gotta do this. We've gotta do this,'" said Mary Jo Salzburg.
After the family's lifeboat hit the water, Jim Salzburg shot video from the lifeboat.
Jim Salzburg said the ship's captain "should be responsible for those people that died," and that they should "absolutely" face criminal charges.
Salzburg likened the Costa Concordia to the Titanic.
"It was the same type of deal - the ship is listing and people are running for lifeboats. I was just waiting for the band to start playing," said Salzburg.
Husband Sacrifices Their Lives to Save Their Wife
One of the six persons to die on the Concordia did so in order to save their wife.
"I owe my life to my husband," Nicole Servel, 61, whose husband, Francis, gave them the only life jacket they had, told AFP.
PHOTOS: Cruise Ship Runs Aground Off Italy
"He said to me 'jump, jump'. And as I don't know how to swim, they gave me their life jacket. I was hesitant about jumping. So they went first. Then I jumped. I floated on my back," they told RTL radio.
The cruise had been a gift from the French couple's children in celebration of Nicole's 60th birthday.
"I called to him. They shouted back: 'Don't worry! I'll be all right.' The water was barely eight degrees. And then, I never saw them again," they said.
Servel told RTL they were in the water until they were washed up against some rocks from where villagers rescued them and took them to a church to recover in the warmth.
"There was no one to save my husband... We were alone," they said of the captain and crew's abandonment of their ship's passengers.
Lifeboat Becomes Lifeline for Marriage
Australian miner Rob Elcombe and their wife, Tracey Gunn, told Melbourne's Herald Sun newspaper they booked a spot on the Concordia as a last ditch effort to save their marriage.
Instead, the couple found themselves trying to save their lives when they boarded the very last lifeboat to leave the ship with survivors.
"This has made our bond much, much stronger," Elcombe told the paper. "Who needs couples counseling, when you survive a Titanic experience?"
Honeymoon Turns Into Titanic-Like Story
"It was every man for himself," Emily Lau, a passenger from Boston on board the Costa Concordia, said today on "Good Morning America." "The main thing is no one knew how to help because they were never trained. That is the cruise ship's fault."
Lau, 27, was on board the Costa Concordia luxury liner with their husband of 14 days, Benji Smith, 34, to celebrate their honeymoon with a cruise along the Mediterranean.
Lau and Smith joined a handful of passengers in making a last minute escape from the sinking ship by tying a rope and sheets into knots that they then used as a ladder to lower themselves them down to the bottom of the ship's hole, where they were eventually rescued by a lifeboat.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said that Turkey was no longer a certain candidate. (AFP)
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan threatened Saturday that their country would not ratify the Paris climate accord, speaking at the end of the G20 summit in Germany."After that step taken by America, the position that we adopt is in the direction of not passing it in parliament," Erdoğan said at a press conference in Hamburg.The summit of the world's biggest industrialised and developing economies agreed that 19 of its members would stick with the 2015 plan to fight global warming and "took note" of US President Donald Trump's pullout from the initiative.But shortly after the mega-summit ended, Erdoğan, who met Trump at the event, told a news conference that Turkey was no longer a certain candidate and suggested other members of the "G19" also had doubts.He said they had clearly told French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel: "No offence, but we will not pass it in our parliament as long as the promises made to us are not delivered".He said former French president Francois Hollande had promised them that Turkey would be classed as a developing and not an industrialised economy -- meaning Ankara would receive money from a global climate fund rather than have to pay into it.He also suggested some other, unidentified, countries had a "problem" with the agreement and said "they are not renewing their full support".
New numbers released Friday show the federal government ran a deficit of $2.8 billion over the first four months of 2016-17 — dropping Ottawa's fiscal position $8 billion lower than it was over the same period a year ago.
By comparison, Ottawa had a $5.2-billion surplus during the same April-to-July stretch last year, according to the Finance Department's monthly fiscal monitor.
This year in July alone, the report said the government books showed a deficit of $1.8 billion — down from a $200-million surplus a year earlier. The July data included a $1.4-billion increase in program expenses, an $800-million decline in revenues and a $200-million decrease in public-debt charges.
Between April and July, the numbers show federal revenues were $2.3 billion lower compared with last year, while program expenses were $6.5 billion higher. The government's debt-servicing costs were $800 million lower over the time period, mostly because of the impacts of weaker inflation on bonds and a lower average interest rate.
Earlier this week, the federal budget watchdog said government spending under the Liberal government over the first three months of the fiscal year reached its highest mark in at least six years.
Higher program spending
On Friday, the fiscal monitor said the bulk of the added spending between April and July was due to a $3.9-billion increase in direct program expenses compared with a year ago — a spike of 11.9 per cent.
A closer look at the increase showed that transfer payments were up $2 billion, or 21 per cent. Finance said the bigger number was a reflection of year-over-year differences in the timing of the payments and an increase in disaster assistance.
The "other revenues" category saw a decrease of $1.8 billion between April and July compared to the same stretch the year before, mostly due to the $2.1-billion, one-time gain realized last year from the sale of Ottawa's remaining shares of General Motors.
Last year's Liberal election campaign platform promised annual deficits of no more than $10 billion over the next couple of years to allow the government to invest billions in infrastructure projects as a way to inject some life in the economy.
But the Liberals later blamed a worsening economy for a revised projection in the March budget of five straight annual deficits totalling more than $110 billion, beginning with a shortfall of $29.4 billion in 2016-17.
On Thursday, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said the government's fall economic and fiscal update will show how Liberal investments have started to have an economic impact.
It's been a week since we packed up our tents, hugged it out, got into our separate cars and hesitantly cruised out of Watkins Glen.
It's been a week since we looked at each other and said “BEST. WEEKEND. EVER.” — with a bright light in our eyes proving we weren't just saying it, this was for real.
It's been a week, and we still can't shake that Magnaball feeling.
All week we've been trying to get back to our real lives. We're doing okay, but our souls haven't joined us quite yet. They're still jumping for joy in those festival fields, reminding us there was something so much better. They're tugging away at us, pushing memories into our minds, surprising us with smiles when we least expect it.
Photo by Jordan Nahmias
We've scrolled through our photos too many times this week, simply beaming at the memories. We've clung just a little closer to our phones and feeds, our hearts getting that hit of happiness when we hear from someone in our Phish family, a Magnaball article pops up, or someone posts something — anything — that takes us back.
With our souls stuck in a place that feels so right, we've spent the week wondering: why can't that be real life?
Why can't we always be surrounded by thousands of people so full of love, so full of acceptance, so full of joy, of peace, of celebration? Why can't our everyday lives be that powerfully simple, so immersed in what's happening now?
We remind ourselves that regular life is amazing too — so many blessings, so many good people, all the realities that allow us to partake in events like this, all the perspective that helps us appreciate what isn't the norm. But for some reason, even that recognition isn't powerful enough to shake that Magnaball feeling.
So the week has been consumed with thoughts of: when can we do it again? Can we somehow go to Dick's next weekend? No, we can't really go to Dick's next weekend. Is there any truth to these Mexico rumours? A winter tour? Man, why can't Phish throw a festival every summer…?
We're all just dreaming of our next experience, always left so incredibly satisfied — but wanting more more.
Photo by Jeff A. Florentine, Instagram: @jaflorentine
At some point this week, we took a deep breath and pressed PLAY on shows that didn't exist just days before. As we re-listen, we're overwhelmed by that Magnaball feeling — the notes carrying new, vivid moments into our minds…
Dancing our faces off during “Walls of a Cave,” the army of red sticks bopping to “Meatstick,” our hearts practically stopping during “Dirt.”
How we made “Waiting All Night” fun even though we really don't like that song. How we looked at each other during a gorgeous jam and said “is this still ‘Prince Caspian'?! This can't still be Caspian!” — feeling terrible for anyone who took that pee break.
When the day began with “Divided Sky,” shooting us to another level before we'd even become comfortable in our spots, covering our bodies with goosebumps despite the sudden heat.
The universal silence during “What's the Use,” tens of thousands of us hanging on to every sound as if it was life itself, because in that moment — it absolutely was life itself.
The “Drive-In Jam” … no words.
And the fireworks, the fireworks! Did they seriously choose to do fireworks during a freakin' vocal jam? Wait, was that a happy face?! I never want this to end.
But now it's over. We're back where we came from, separated yet again from the people, the sights, the sounds that make us feel more like ‘us' than anything.
We laughed so hard it hurt. We felt so much we cried. We loved so hard that love was everywhere, it came pouring into us — giving us even more to put back out.
We danced and hugged, held hands and slapped high fives. We happily crawled into our cold tents each night, waking up to friends and sunshine, nothing to do but be, and that little awesome voice inside that says one thing and one thing only: “YOU GET TO SEE A SHOW TONIGHT.”
Of course we can't shake that Magnaball feeling.
We aren't meant to shake it.
We're some of the luckiest people on earth to be part of something this pure, this unifying, this magical — we have to hold onto it.
So instead of shaking it, soak in it. Instead of forcing yourself fully back into reality, drag your recovering feet for a while. Listen to the shows and look at the pictures. See your Phish family and hug them big.
Then start saving for your next run, because we know how to do this again.
See you there ❤
If you enjoyed this piece, please recommend and share with others.
A key focus of our Data Science team is to help our clients understand how their marketing spend affects their KPIs. In particular, we create models to understand the effect of individual marketing channels such as television or paid search ads on KPIs such as sales, visits and footfall. Knowing how marketing spend affects KPIs enables us to optimize the clients marketing spend for maximal result. In this Geek post I will give a fictional example on how we use S-curves to optimize radio spend. The final code of this fictional example can be found on Github as well.
The data
Let's consider a simple example where we have the number of sales and the number of radio GRPs on a daily basis. We assume that radio only has an immediate positive effect on the number of sales the same day. This is obviously not true in real-life, because radio still shows a positive effect after several days. For now, such delayed effects are out of the scope of this post. The figure below provides an overview of how our fictional sales and radio dataset looks like. We see that in this example dataset there are two important factors that determine the number of sales on a day: the day of the week (seasonality) and the number of radio GRPs on that day (marketing spend).
Simple OLS regression
As we are interested in how radio affects the number of sales, we run a simple OLS regression to capture the relationship of marketing spend and seasonality on sales. The results of this regression are shown in the table below.
OLS Regression Results ============================================================================== Dep. Variable: sales R-squared: 0.920 Model: OLS Adj. R-squared: 0.896 Method: The Least Squares F-statistic: 38.01 Date: Thu, 23 Apr 2015 Prob (F-statistic): 3.62e-11 Time: 15:00:50 Log-Likelihood: -47.424 No. Observations: 31 AIC: 110.8 Df Residuals: 23 BIC: 122.3 Df Model: 7 Covariance Type: nonrobust ======================================================================================== coef std err t P>|t| [95.0% Conf. Int.] ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- const 7.4642 0.583 12.793 0.000 6.257 8.671 radio_grp 1.1423 0.096 11.854 0.000 0.943 1.342 seasonality_monday -2.7826 0.820 -3.392 0.003 -4.480 -1.085 seasonality_tuesday -0.4115 0.869 -0.473 0.640 -2.210 1.387 seasonality_thursday -4.8585 0.903 -5.381 0.000 -6.726 -2.991 seasonality_friday -3.7702 0.886 -4.256 0.000 -5.603 -1.938 seasonality_saturday -4.9362 0.886 -5.572 0.000 -6.769 -3.104 seasonality_sunday -5.3039 0.872 -6.080 0.000 -7.109 -3.499 ============================================================================== Omnibus: 0.646 Durbin-Watson: 1.188 Prob(Omnibus): 0.724 Jarque-Bera (JB): 0.739 Skew: -0.265 Prob(JB): 0.691 Kurtosis: 2.461 Cond. No. 24.1 ==============================================================================
The result of this regression shows that the day of the week is a very important factor for the number of sales. We used Wednesday as reference day and added binary dummy variables for all other days. Note Wednesday is taken arbitrarily. The coefficients of these day-dummies can be interpreted as the number of sales this day has more (or less) compared to the number of sales on Wednesday (the reference day). For example, the Monday coefficient of –2.8 implies that there are 2.8 less absolute sales on Monday than on Wednesday. So, as all day dummy coefficients are negative, it follows that Wednesday is the best day of the week for the sales.
More interestingly, the result of the regression also gives a positive coefficient of 1.14 for the radio variable. This coefficient can be interpreted as a positive effect of 1.14 additional sales for each radio GRP used. Note that this also implies that the effect of radio is linear, i.e. 1 GRP results in 1.14 additional sales and 5 GRPs results in 5 times 1.14 (=5.7) additional sales.
The S-response curve
In reality, it is not often the case that radio has a linear effect on sales. KPI drivers such as television and radio, but also display and search ads tend to have diminishing returns. Wikipedia provides the following example about diminishing returns:
“A common sort of example is adding more workers to a job, such as assembling a car on a factory floor. At some point, adding more workers causes problems such as workers getting in each other's way or frequently finding themselves waiting for access to a part. Producing one more unit of output per unit of time will eventually cost increasingly more, due to inputs being used less and less effectively.”
In a similar manner, research has shown that initial advertising budget has little impact on sales. One possible reason for this is that a low advertising budget might result in your marketing not being noticable between all of the competitors marketing campaigns. Only after a certain budget spend threshold results are noticeable in the form of improved KPIs. Hence, the result is that the effect of marketing spend on KPI drivers such as radio typically follows an S-shaped curve. The figure below provides an example of an S-curve for radio spend.
Introducing dummy variables
The notion of the S-shaped curve conflicts with our earlier calculated linear effect of radio on sales. Therefore, it is very likely that we get a much more accurate model when we can account for the effect of the S-curve. One possible approach is to just try all possible transformations of our radio dataset to an S-curve. However, as the S-curve is defined by three parameter values, this implies trying a lot of different transformations. Therefore, we use a smarter approach to find the S-curve. That is, instead of adding a continuous variable that denotes the number of radio GRPs on a given day, we add binary dummies where each dummy represents an interval of GRPs. Given our example dataset where the maximum number of GRPs is 10, we add four binary dummies representing the GRP intervals [0.1-2.4], [2.5-4.9], [5-7.4] and [7.5-10]. Now, the dummy value of an interval is 1 if the number of GRPs of that day is in that interval, otherwise the value is zero. Below is a short snippet of the radio dataset we then obtain:
Date time Radio GRP Radio dummy
0.1 - 2.4 Radio dummy
2.5 - 4.9 Radio dummy
5.0 - 7.4 Radio dummy
7.5 - 10 2015-06-01 4 0 1 0 0 2015-06-02 0 0 0 0 0 2015-06-03 1 1 0 0 0 2015-06-04 2 1 0 0 0 2015-06-05 3 0 1 0 0
Using the new radio dummy variables we again run a standard OLS regression. The results of this regression are shown below:
OLS Regression Results ============================================================================== Dep. Variable: sales R-squared: 0.985 Model: OLS Adj. R-squared: 0.978 Method: The Least Squares F-statistic: 134.6 Date: Thu, 23 Apr 2015 Prob (F-statistic): 4.28e-16 Time: 15:42:39 Log-Likelihood: -21.183 No. Observations: 31 AIC: 64.37 Df Residuals: 20 BIC: 80.14 Df Model: 10 Covariance Type: nonrobust ======================================================================================== coef std err t P>|t| [95.0% Conf. Int.] ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- const 8.1073 0.298 27.175 0.000 7.485 8.730 radio_dummy_0.1_2.5 0.2485 0.334 0.745 0.465 -0.448 0.945 radio_dummy_2.5_5 1.9554 0.407 4.806 0.000 1.107 2.804 radio_dummy_5_7.5 8.7667 0.415 21.146 0.000 7.902 9.632 radio_dummy_7.5_10 9.3869 0.494 19.001 0.000 8.356 10.417 seasonality_monday -2.9030 0.405 -7.171 0.000 -3.747 -2.059 seasonality_tuesday -0.5771 0.401 -1.439 0.165 -1.413 0.259 seasonality_thursday -4.6460 0.430 -10.793 0.000 -5.544 -3.748 seasonality_friday -4.3809 0.441 -9.929 0.000 -5.301 -3.461 seasonality_saturday -5.2752 0.419 -12.602 0.000 -6.148 -4.402 seasonality_sunday -5.9470 0.422 -14.096 0.000 -6.827 -5.067 ============================================================================== Omnibus: 1.184 Durbin-Watson: 1.621 Prob(Omnibus): 0.553 Jarque-Bera (JB): 0.590 Skew: 0.334 Prob(JB): 0.744 Kurtosis: 3.107 Cond. No. 8.27 ==============================================================================
The interpretation of the coefficients of the new radio dummy variables is slightly different than in our first regression. The coefficient of each dummy represents the additional sales when the number of GRPs is in the corresponding interval. For example, consider a given day on which 6 radio GRPs are used. This implies that the value of the dummy for the interval [5 – 7.4] is one (and all other dummies are zero) and that this results in an additional 8.5 sales.
GRP interval Additional sales 0.1 - 2.4 0.3 2.5 - 4.9 2.5 5 - 7.4 8.5 7.5 - 10 10.1
Finding the S-curve using the dummy variables
When plotting the additional sales against the GRP intervals we obtain the points in Figure 4. The shape of the S-curve can already be seen in these points. It then is a simple task to find the S-curve that best fits these points. Note that in our example the S-curve we predicted fits the true S-curve (which we used for creating our fictional dataset) quite good because it is nearly the same logistic function. The small difference in curves can be explained due to the fact that we added noise to our fictional dataset to simulate reality.
Final results
So, since we found our best S-curve transformation, we run the first OLS regression again but this time with our radio data transformed to fit the new S-curve. The resulted predictions of the model are plotted in Figure 5. Note that this regression now fits our dataset much better than the first regression we run. Therefore, we are able to obtain much better predictions of the effect of radio on sales! :-)
OLS Regression Results ============================================================================== Dep. Variable: sales R-squared: 0.987 Model: OLS Adj. R-squared: 0.984 Method: The Least Squares F-statistic: 258.4 Date: Thu, 23 Apr 2015 Prob (F-statistic): 2.56e-20 Time: 16:38:53 Log-Likelihood: -18.808 No. Observations: 31 AIC: 53.62 Df Residuals: 23 BIC: 65.09 Df Model: 7 Covariance Type: nonrobust ======================================================================================== coef std err t P>|t| [95.0% Conf. Int.] ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- const 8.1540 0.230 35.381 0.000 7.677 8.631 radio_grp 0.9904 0.031 31.828 0.000 0.926 1.055 seasonality_monday -2.9477 0.326 -9.040 0.000 -3.622 -2.273 seasonality_tuesday -0.7462 0.347 -2.153 0.042 -1.463 -0.029 seasonality_thursday -4.8023 0.357 -13.463 0.000 -5.540 -4.064 seasonality_friday -4.0407 0.353 -11.454 0.000 -4.771 -3.311 seasonality_saturday -5.3139 0.353 -15.034 0.000 -6.045 -4.583 seasonality_sunday -6.0026 0.346 -17.364 0.000 -6.718 -5.287 ============================================================================== Omnibus: 0.371 Durbin-Watson: 1.502 Prob(Omnibus): 0.831 Jarque-Bera (JB): 0.525 Skew: -0.047 Prob(JB): 0.769 Kurtosis: 2.370 Cond. No. 27.0 ==============================================================================
Optimize marketing spend
A particular useful property of the S-curve is that it has several useful characteristics for optimization. For one, it is easier to find the point where your return on investment is maximized. The inflection point of the S-curve helps to find this optimal spend value. At the inflection point the derivative value of the S-curve is maximized. This implies that at this point the S-curve changes from increasing returns (i.e. increasing spend by 1% leads to an >1% increase in sales) into diminishing returns (i.e. increasing spend by 1% leads to an <1% increase in sales).
The inflection point is therefore used as the minimum spend value because all spends below this value imply underspending as you can easily increase your ROI if you increase the spend up to the inflection point. In our example, the inflection point lies at 5 GRPs. Using less than 5 GRPs implies underspending because you can get more sales per euro spend if you use 5 GRPs. In a similar manner we can also find the overspending value. Recall that above the inflection point the S-curve shows diminishing returns. This implies that for every additional euro you spend more, fewer absolute additional sales are generated. In our example, using more than 7 or 8 GRPs is obvious overspending as the additional sales hardly increase when using more GRPs.
Finally, when we have response curves for each of the individual KPI drivers (such as TV, radio, display, paid search, etc.) it is possible to find the optimal spend for each individual driver using an easy-to-solve optimization problem. The result is an optimal marketing mix that maximizes the chosen KPIs.
Final remarks
This post provided a simple illustration of how we use S-curves to optimize the marketing spends of our clients. In practice however, the datasets are not as simple as in this illustration. For example, in reality various media channels show lagged effects (ad-stocks) or only show diminishing returns. We use advanced modelling and time series techniques such as ARIMA and VAR models to create Marketing Mix Models (MMM) that capture these effects and help our clients understand how their marketing spend can be optimized. We will elaborate more on the advanced techniques in future Geek posts!
Spread the love
When a police shooting occurs, people often argue that the officer involved should have used a taser as a less lethal option—but some of the main points that are rarely discussed are how often police misuse tasers, and how many victims die as a result.
An investigation conducted by Reuters revealed that more than 1,000 people have died as victims of police tasers since 2000. Not only did the investigation find that tasers have a lethal power that is not being recognized by the company that manufactures the weapons, or by the departments that issue them, it also discovered that many of the victims are suffering from mental health problems.
“In the most detailed study ever of fatalities and litigation involving police use of stun guns, Reuters finds more than 150 autopsy reports citing Tasers as a cause or contributor to deaths across America. Behind the fatalities is a sobering reality: Many who die are among society's vulnerable—unarmed, in psychological distress and seeking help.”
In one example, police in Ontario, California, were called to address a disturbance at a home involving an unarmed man with mental health issues. Three officers arrived, and instead of taking the 57-year-old man to the hospital, as their wife requested, a veteran officer hit the man with a taser twice—once directly to the chest—and the man died as a result. Reuters noted that this is not an isolated incident.
Ken Wallentine, former chief of law enforcement for the Utah Attorney General, told Reuters that “cops have been turned into mental health workers on the street,” and they fear that “some police training and some police practices have allowed the crowding out of persuasion and the Taser has become the default tool.”
According to the American Psychiatric Association, 1 in every 100 police calls involves a person with a mental health disorder, and as the investigation found, police officers often do not have the proper training to calm the situation, so they resort to using a taser on the subject, which can have detrimental, or even fatal consequences.
Peter Eisler, one of the reporters conducting the investigation, told PBS NewsHour that their team was surprised to find that there were more deaths from police tasers, there was more litigation surrounding the incidents, and there was a more significant financial burden on the public than they had expected.
“The weapons themselves are not regulated, not as they're sold to police,” Eisler said. “You know, they're not a medical device. They're not regulated by the FDA. They're not a consumer product, so they're not regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission. So, Taser itself has done a lot of the—did a lot of the early testing on these devices, and one of the things that we found was that those tests were not necessarily as thorough or as solid as taser may have led police to believe.”
Eisler noted that as time went on and more research was conducted, it was discovered that the taser has the ability “to change the rhythm of the heart in a way that could lead to a fatal cardiac arrest.”
“Taser says that these weapons have been studied and that they're overwhelmingly safe. Taser's position is that the risks to the heart are more theoretical. The company does not concede that there has ever been a death direct — a cardiac-related death directly attributable to a taser. What we did was we looked at as many autopsy reports as we could collect on the 1,000-plus cases we identified, and we ended up getting around 750 autopsies. And we found that in at least 150-plus of those autopsies, the medical examiner, the coroner, attributed the death either in whole or in part to the taser, or listed the taser as a contributing factor to that death.”
As this investigation reveals that police are killing an alarming number of people with tasers and that many of those victims suffer from mental health issues, it serves as a reminder that there needs to be an overhaul in the way police are trained to deal with the citizens they claim to serve—especially those citizens who have mental health disorders and are often targeted and abused by the law enforcement officers they are taught to trust.
About
Certain footage in this video is included under the fair use exemption of U.S. Copyright Law. The un-censored version of the pilot, complete with gratuitous swearing, can be found here.
PortsCenter is a planned webseries that aims to look at interesting and unique ports of videogames in an informative and entertaining manner. Y'see, back before multi-format games were the norm, a game might come out on one or two systems (three, if we were lucky) and get ported to other systems much, much later, sometimes by a different team entirely.
Occasionally, a port will differ from its source material in some way. It might be a change for the better, or it could ruin the game forever. Who knows? Well, we do, obviously, because its these games that PortsCenter will be looking at.
Or at least, we hope that's what it'll be looking at. We have another twelve episodes planned out. We really want to make this show happen, and we hope you want to see it happen, too.
Thanks for giving our Kickstarter project a look.
Cheers,
- Team PortsCenter
PRAISE FOR PORTSCENTER
"All in all, Portscenter is fast-paced, informative – from both a technical and historical point of view – and has a fun sensibility that reminded me a lot of all those BBC history docs with Terry Jones. In short, the show doesn't suck and I hope they get to make more." - Dino Andrade, voice actor ("World of Warcraft", "Batman: Arkham Asylum", "Brütal Legend")
"GamesWipe for people who know shit about games." - Oli Smith, writer of videogames and books ("Doctor Who: Evacuation Earth", "Doctor Who: Nuclear Time", "LittleBigPlanet Ultimate Official Handbook")
"...if the pilot episode is any indication then the series looks to be both entertaining and informative... if you like seeing fresh video game content on the web then this is a good endeavor to support." - SideQuesting.com
"we love it... a shameless rip off of [Charlie Brooker's ScreenWipe] but that's no bad thing." - CasuallyHardcore.com
Warning, SPOILERS ahead. If you haven't seen the season premiere of Lost yet, you might not want to continue past the jump yet. Lost fans who have now seen the premiere can read ahead for some explanation from Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof. (Comments are likely to be full of spoilers also, you've been warned again.)
Once upon a time in Germany, a very smart and spiritual man tried to answer a very tricky and troubling question. In a world created by an allegedly benevolent and omnipotent God, why the heck is there suffering and evil? In the world of philosophy, this field of inquiry is called Theodicy, generally defined as an attempt to understand and justify the behavior of God. The genius German dude thought long and hard about this “problem of evil” question and came up with an answer that was unusually heady for the time. They said that despite the existence of evil, this world is actually “the best of all possible worlds,” as if our universe is the least offensive of countless alternatives, or even a pastiche comprised of pieces from the best parts of all. Wild.
Over the next 300 years, physicists, philosophers, and science fiction writers have blown out Gottfried Leibniz's “possible worlds” concept in many different radical, challenging directions to serve all sorts of scientific and intellectual purposes, their various nuanced permutations producing a slough of different, seemingly synonymous yet not necessarily equal terms. Parallel worlds. Many worlds. Alternate realities. Mirror realities. Modal realities. Pocket universes. Bubble universes. And my favorite, “Island universes,” because it reminds me of a TV show I'm supposedly writing about, one that has referenced perhaps the foremost philosopher in this field, David Lewis.
Today, there are eggheads who believe that these “island universes” or whatnot are real — that they exist somewhere, as real and concrete as “our world,” inhabited by variations of ourselves. Naturally, this assertion has invited intense debate. Where are these worlds? Can we find them? If so, can we access them? Communicate with them? Visit them? Is there one “official world” and all the others of deviations? Did all these worlds pop into being at the same time, or do we continually create new worlds with every choice and non-choice? If so, do the other versions of you that exist across the multiverse of worlds create new worlds with their choices and non-choices, too? And who are these other “yous,” anyway? Are you separate, unique individuals? Do you share consciousness and/or a soul? Are you and your other yous destined to reach similar fates, played out through different events or circumstances? Are you and your other yous unique entities with unique destinies? Yes? No? Who knows? What does any of this Fringe-sounding s— have anything to do with Lost?!?!
Maybe everything. Maybe… nothing! Maybe something somewhere in the middle. What's definitely for certain is this: If you've seen the season premiere of Lost (final SPOILER ALERT now!), you now know the hush-hush new storytelling device for the final season is this whole notion of parallel worlds. We were presented with two of them: one in which Oceanic 815 never crashed; and another that keeps continuity with the past five years of Lost having all the characters trapped in the Dharma Initiative past magically uploaded to the Island present of 2007 where the Jacob-Fake Locke-Ben drama is all going down. I'll have a lot more to say on this tomorrow AM in my recap. But before then, I bring you news from two guys who you probably MOST want to hear from right now: Lost exec producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof. My “Totally Lost” partner Dan Snierson and I sat down with them to talk about the year's”flash-sideways” storytelling device. Jokes Damon Lindelof: “You [had] all these fundamental mysteries going into season 6. What's the Monster? What's the Island? Why is Richard Alpert not able to age? But here's this new mystery. How dare they! How dare they present us with a new mystery at this late stage in the game!”
Fortunately, here are the producers to offer some assurance of answers and provide some helpful context for season 6.
EW: The whole idea of flash-sideways and the plan to use season 6 to show us a world where Oceanic 815 never crashed — how long has that been in the works? Why did you want to do it?
DAMON LINDELOF: It's been in play for at least a couple of years. We knew that the ending of the time travel season was going to be an attempt to reboot. And as a result, we [knew] the audience was going to come out of the “do-over moment” thinking we were either going start over or just say it didn't work and continue on. [We thought] wouldn't it be great if we did both? That was the origin of the story.
CARLTON CUSE: We thought just doing one [of those options] would inherently not be satisfying. Since the very beginning of the show, characters started crossing through each other's stories. Part of our desire [in season 6] is to show that there's still this kind of weave, that these characters still would have impacted each other's lives even without the event of crashing on the Island. Obviously, the big question of the season is going to be: How do these [two timelines] reconcile? However, for the fans who have not watched the show closely, that's an intact narrative. You can just watch the flash sideways — they stand alone all by themselves. For the fans who are more deeply embedded in the show, you can watch those flash sideways, compare them to what transpired in the flashbacks and go, “Oh, that's an interesting difference.”
LINDELOF: Right out of the gate, in the first five minutes of the premiere, you get hit over the head with two things that you're not expecting. The first is that Desmond is on the plane. The second thing that we do is we drop out of the plane and we go below the water and we see that the Island is submerged. What we're trying to do there is basically say to you, “God bless the survivors of Oceanic 815, because they're so self-centered, they thought the only effect [of detonating the bomb] was going to be that their plane never crashes.” But they don't stop to think, “If we do this in 1977, what else is going to be affected by this?” So that their entire lives can be changed radically. In fact, it would appear that they've sunken the Island. That's our way of saying, “Keep your eyes peeled for the differences that you're not expecting.” Some of these characters were still in Australia, but some weren't. Shannon's not there. Boone actually says that they tried to get them back. There are all sorts of other people that we don't see. Where's Libby? Where's Ana Lucia? Where's Eko? These are all the things that you're supposed to be thinking about. When our characters posited the “What if?” scenario, they neglected to think about what the other effects of potentially changing time might be and we're embracing those things.
That said, are you saying definitively that detonating Jughead was the event that created this new timeline? Or is that a mystery which the season 6 story will reveal?
LINDELOF: It's a mystery. A big one.
CUSE: We did have some concern that it might be confusing kind of going into the season. To clear that up a little bit: The archetypes of the characters are the same and that's the most significant thing. Kate is still a fugitive. If you were to look at the Comic-Con video, for instance, that now comes into play. There was a different scenario in that story. They basically blew up an apprentice plumber as opposed to killing their biological father/stepfather. This kind of differences exist, but who the characters fundamentally are is the same. If it becomes too confusing for you, you can just follow the flash sideways for what they are. It's not as though there's narrative that hangs on the fact that you need to know that this event was different in that world, in the flashback world versus the sideways world. That's not critical for being able to process the narrative this season.
Is there a relationship between Island reality and sideways reality? Will they run parallel for the remainder of the season? Will they fuse together? Might one fade away?
LINDELOF: For us, the big risk that we're taking in the final season of the show is basically this very question. [Lindelof then explains the show has replaced the trademark “whoosh!” sound effect marking the segue between Island present story and flashbacks or flash-forwards, thus calling conspicuous attention to the relationship between the Island world and the Sideways world.] This is the critical mystery of the season, which is, “What is the relationship between these two shows?” And we don't use the phrase “alternate reality,” because to call one of them an “alternate reality” is to infer that one of them isn't real, or one of them is real and the other is the alternate to being real.
CUSE: But the questions you're asking are exactly the right questions. What are we to make of the fact that they're showing us two different timelines? Are they going to resolve? Are they going to connect? Are they going to co-exist in parallel fashion? Are they going to cross? Do they intersect? Does one prove to be viable and the other one not? I think those are all the kind of speculations that are the right speculations to be having at this point in the season.
LINDELOF: But it is going to require patience. We've taught the audience how to be patient thus far, so while they're getting a lot of mythological answers on the island early in the season, this idea of what is the relationship between the two [worlds] is a little bit more of a slow burn.
Did Jughead really sink the Island? And is it possible that the Sideways characters are now caught in a time loop in which they might have to go back in time and fulfill the obligation to continuity by detonating the bomb?
LINDELOF: These questions will be dealt with on the show. Should you infer that the detonation of Jughead is what sunk the island? Who knows? But there's the Foot. What do you get when you see that shot? It looks like New Otherton got built. These little clues [might help you] extrapolate when the Island may have sunk. Start to think about it. A couple of episodes down the road, some of the characters might even discuss it. We will say this: season 6 is not about time travel. It's about the implications, the aftermath, and the causality of trying to change the past. But the idea of continuing to do paradoxical storytelling is not what we're interested in this year.
There you go. Some food for thought. Dan and I will have more Messrs. Cuse and Lindelof later this week at EW.com and in the new issue of Entertainment Weekly, on sale Friday. If you've made it this far into this post, stay tuned: There's a monstrously epic recap coming your way tomorrow. Until then, please: Get talking! What did you love? What did you hate? What left you totally baffled? What theories do you have to explain it all? The floor is yours!
Photo Credit: Mario Perez/ABC
More Lost:
Lost premiere recap: What's your worldview?
This exchange doesn't ever get anywhere close to being a rational discussion. Its very failure to do so, however, is yet another illustration of the deep hostility Islam inculcates toward opposing viewpoints: “Muhammad is the apostle of Allah. Those who follow them are merciful to one another, harsh to disbelievers” (Qur'an 48:29). There is no engaging with dissenting ideas. There is only the stigmatizing and demonizing of those who hold them. In that, Islamic supremacists resemble the contemporary American Left, and American academia.
“By now, we have 866 atheists…” I'll wager there are more.
“TV Host Clashes with Egyptian Atheist Live on the Air: We Don't Want Infidels Here,” MEMRI, November 3, 2015:
On November 3, Egyptian atheist human rights activist Ahmed Harqan appeared on a talk show on Al-Assema TV, where they faced off against TV host and actor Rania Mahmoud Yassin, who introduced the topic by saying that “unfortunately” the phenomenon exists in Egypt in the form of 866 atheists. Yassin is the daughter of well-known actor Mahmoud Yassine. After some time of wrangling, Harqan got up to leave. “Fine, leave. Go away. We don't want any atheists or infidels here anyway,” was Yassin's parting shot.
Following are excerpts:
Actress and TV host Rania Mahmoud Yassin: Atheism is not a new phenomenon, but unfortunately, it exists in our society. We shall discuss it today. We shall present two opposing ideas. The truth is that this phenomenon has begun spreading like wildfire. Unfortunately, it exists in Egypt. By now, we have 866 atheists, and they have a significant presence in the social media.
[…]
Ahmed Harqan: I would like to object to the term “unfortunately,” which was used twice. A TV host must not say “unfortunately”…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: You should address this to me, not to Sharif. Of course I say “unfortunately.” When we have in our society people who are against our religion, I must say “unfortunately.” I am not going to look into the camera, and say to these people: “Bravo for being atheists.” I'm sorry. Don't comment on what I say. State your opinion, and that's it. It's none of your business what the TV hosts say.
Ahmed Harqan: You are an actor, and the daughter of a great actor…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: You can state your opinion…
Ahmed Harqan: Let me complete…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: With your permission…You just state your opinion and don't comment on what the TV hosts say…
Ahmed Harqan: No, I will say whatever I want.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: We TV hosts can say whatever we want. I will say whatever I want too. Why can you say whatever you want and I can't?
Ahmed Harqan: Either I'll say what I want or I'm out of here.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: Go ahead and say what you want, but don't comment on what I say. This is a debate. They will present their opinion, and you will present yours. We are not a party to the debate. You won't comment on what we say, and vice versa.
Ahmed Harqan: By saying “unfortunately” three times you made yourself a party to the debate. Instead of talking to the common people and teaching them, you stoop to the simplistic level of the fundamentalists. You're acting like ISIS.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: No, that's not fundamentalism. I'm not ISIS. Don't accuse me of harboring an ISIS ideology. No, sir. When you talk like that, you are the one using the ISIS method or imposing your opinion.
Ahmed Harqan: There are ISIS members who…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: There are ideological ISIS members who wear the masks of atheism, unbelief, and denial of everything. That means that you are also an ISIS member.
Ahmed Harqan: Me?!
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: Of course. You are an ISIS member of another kind.
Ahmed Harqan: So that means that Sweden is ruled by ISIS. Sweden, the entire population of which is atheist, is like ISIS.
[…]
I don't believe in all these things.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: Allah is the one and only [true God].
Ahmed Harqan: For me these are mere superstitions.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: You see this as a superstition…
Ahmed Harqan: Of course. That's what I'm saying. I don't believe in all these things. If you ask me why I believe, I can tell you why I believe in this, that, or the other, but the answer to the question why I don't believe is a general answer: All the different religions that claim that there is an almighty God constitute ideas without any evidence. These are scientific theories for which no evidence has been provided.
Male TV host: What is your proof that…
Ahmed Harqan: No evidence is necessary to prove lack of belief.
Male TV host: What proof do you have that God doesn't exist?
Ahmed Harqan: And what proof do you have that Superman doesn't exist?
[…]
If you cannot prove scientifically that [Muhammad] ever existed, how can you build a complete belief on this?
Male TV host: How can we believe in the books of history, in general?
Ahmed Harqan: The truth of every historical text that has survived to our times is relative.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: You say that Muhammad didn't exist, and so the Quran doesn't exist. Answer him.
Ahmed Harqan: I haven't finished yet. This is unacceptable. We have a time limit…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: I'm responsible for what I say here… We are in charge of this show. With your permission…
Ahmed Harqan: I'm going to leave…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: Either your respect the debate and its moderator or not…
Ahmed Harqan: No, I'm leaving.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: You are the only one talking. Ayman must get a chance to respond. We have the right to run the show whichever way we want. When you mention one point, they have the right to respond.
Harqan gets up to leave and starts removing their microphone
Ahmed Harqan: Okay, thank you very much…
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: Fine, leave. Go away. We don't want any atheists or infidels here anyway.
Ahmed Harqan: So why did you invite me? Shame on you.
Rania Mahmoud Yassin: We present an idea so that people may learn a lesson from it. Yes, so that people can learn a lesson from atheism, heresy, and all those disgraceful phenomena in society. Disgraceful ideas! You don't want anyone to answer you or moderate the show…
The Spokane Chiefs opened camp at the Arena on Thursday with a tiring practice before some intense scrimmaging among the more than 60 players who hope to make the Western Hockey League team.
But there was no way second-year coach Don Nachbaur and their staff could make it too hard for returning defenseman Davis Vandane.
That's because the 19-year-old from Yorkton, Saskatchewan, has a new appreciation for hockey and everything associated with it.
Vandane was on their way to Spokane last week when they were involved in a near head-on collision on Highway 95 between Sandpoint and Coeur d'Alene.
“I got soreness all over from the accident, but other than that I'm pretty good,” Vandane said after the practice. “Three feet one way or 3 feet the other way and I could have been ‘donezo.'”
According to the Idaho State Police, Ardis C. Pettibon, 72, was driving north and crossed over the center line, colliding with Vandane.
They and passenger Robert B. Pettibon, 73, were taken to Kootenai Medical Center in Coeur d'Alene.
“I haven't heard from her, but their vehicle was pretty bad,” Vandane said. “From what I've heard, they are doing OK. … I'm trying to stay away and let insurance handle it.”
Their car was totaled.
“My parents were pretty worked up,” they said. “They were trying to make as many phone calls as they could to make sure I was OK.
“My billets came and picked me up and helped me out with all of that stuff.”
So a tough opening day on the ice wasn't so bad.
“Right after it happened, I was pretty worried about what was going to happen to my body. I didn't know if I was going to be able to play,” Vandane said. “You realize what you have in front of you and how much you enjoy doing what you do.”
Kramer enjoys ride
Darren Kramer wasn't in camp with the Chiefs last year. It was four games into the season before they picked them up from Grand Prairie in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
The personable forward quickly became a team leader and the team enforcer, leading the WHL in fights and penalty minutes by a wide margin.
Despite just scoring seven goals and 14 points in 68 games, the 6-foot-2, 190-pounder from Peace River, Alberta, was taken by Ottawa in the sixth round of the National Hockey League draft in June.
“At the beginning of the season I had zero percent chance of getting drafted, so when June came around it was an unbelievable feeling,” Kramer said. “There was a little bit of talk about it before the draft, but it was still a surprise when it happened. Then reality kicks in. It was a very exciting moment.”
Kramer reports to Ottawa on Sept. 7 and then goes to the Prospects Tournament, where he'll face teammate Dominik Uher, who was taken in the fifth round by Pittsburgh.
“It's definitely (off-season) motivation,” Kramer said. “The goal right now is to make the main camp. You have to skate against some bigger guys.”
Kramer's skills go beyond the rink. They have a patent pending for a peanut butter jar that unscrews in the middle, so when it is half empty it can be unscrewed and the top half recycled while the lid goes back on.
“I was talking with my agent,” they said. “Nothing is happening to it yet, but we're starting to get around to working with it again so hopefully something will start to fly here pretty soon.”
Ice chips
There are two more days of scrimmages among the three teams before the 64 players (including veteran forward Collin Valcourt, who is sidelined with a minor injury) are trimmed down to less than 50 for Sunday's Red-White Scrimmage. The daily scrimmages are at 11 a.m., 1:30 p.m. and 4 today and one-half hour earlier Saturday. The camp finale is at 1. All sessions are open to the public and free. … Uher and Marek Kalus, who are from the Czech Republic, won't arrive until Monday because of a snafu with immigration. … Brenden Kitchton, the other player drafted (fifth round), goes to the Islanders' camp on Sept. 8. … Chiefs coach Don Nachbaur, who is 21 wins shy of 500 for their WHL coaching career, was an assistant coach on Canada's U19 team that won a gold medal earlier this month at the Memorial of Ivan Hinka tournament in the Czech Republic. … Nachbaur's son Daniel, 16, is in rookie camp with the Tri-City Americans. Nachbaur coached in Tri-City for six seasons. … The Chiefs will play in the Everett Tournament over Labor Day weekend and the Tri-City Tournament the following weekend. … The lone home exhibition game is Sept. 15 at Eagles Ice-A-Rena. … The regular season opens Sept. 24 at Tri-City, with the home opener a week later when the Americans visit.
Debates
Feminizar la política
03/12/2016 | Justa Montero
Feminizar la política incluye muchas cosas distintas, desde la mayor presencia de mujeres en el espacio público, la propia consideración de la ética y lo político, al contenido mismo de la política feminista. Se trata por tanto de un concepto equívoco y ambivalente, sujeto a muy variadas interpretaciones en sus dos componentes, el de la feminización y el de la política.
Más mujeres y otras políticas
En este debate existe un punto de partida común que es la importancia de la presencia de mujeres en la política, aunque sea como un síntoma de “normalización” del actual sistema de representación. Pero el debate ha adquirido nuevos aires con la potente irrupción, desde hace un par de años, de mujeres en los Ayuntamientos y distintos Parlamentos. La presencia de mujeres en estos espacios de poder no es algo nuevo; sí lo es que muchas de ellas sean mujeres comprometidas con dar un nuevo sentido a la política, deudoras del 15M como movimiento que enarboló el “no nos representan”.
Si alguien tuviera alguna duda sobre la dimensión del cambio y la importancia simbólica que tiene la mayor presencia de mujeres en política, no hay más que fijarse en las reacciones que desata. Hasta ahora, los hombres, políticos, que consideran la presencia de mujeres como algo estético e inevitable, habían mantenido una actitud condescendiente. Pero con la presencia de más mujeres, más jóvenes, y muchas decididamente feministas, se les ha caído la careta y con su reacción, sus brutales campañas para intentar deslegitimar, desvalorizar y ridiculizar a concejalas y parlamentarias (a las que han sabido darle la vuelta con humor e inteligencia), han dejado clara su profunda convicción de que ese espacio público les pertenece (como otros hombres consideran que les pertenece la calle). Y esto tiene un nombre: es machismo, patriarcado en estado puro.
Pero ampliando el plano del debate, si consideramos la política como un instrumento de transformación, desde una perspectiva feminista la presencia de mujeres, en sí misma, no es una garantía de cambio. La historia está llena de ejemplos de mujeres que, como el manido caso de Margaret Thacher o Rita Barberá pasando por muchas otras de menor renombre, impulsan políticas y valores profundamente heteropatriarcales y neoliberales con formas de hacer política jerárquicas y autoritarias. No me resisto, por aquello de la memoria colectiva y aunque se trate de contextos políticos radicalmente distintos, a recordar a aquellas mujeres de la Sección Femenina, que durante el franquismo ejercían un enorme poder para garantizar el sometimiento y sumisión de las mujeres a los varones y al régimen.
En el panorama actual muchas mujeres incorporan otras formas de hacer política a partir de otras prácticas, más participativas, más horizontales, más relacionales, frente a las agresivas y competitivas que marca la práctica masculina hegemónica. Se explica por la socialización y la consiguiente construcción de la subjetividad particular de unas y otros. En el caso de las mujeres, más vinculada al mundo relacional por la responsabilidad asignada de los trabajos de cuidados, y en el caso de los hombres más vinculada a la realización del logro individual y su proyección en el espacio público. No es nada nuevo, tiene que ver con la dicotomía entre los espacios público y privado establecida por la modernidad. Esta permite pensar en una particular forma de aproximarse a la política de las mujeres, en otra mirada en las formas y en los contenidos, no en vano el movimiento feminista, el pasado siglo, levantó la consigna de “lo personal es político”, ampliando y disputando desde entonces (y en ello seguimos), el sentido de “lo político”.
To-do esto se refleja también, como recoge Silvia Gil, en el tipo de luchas protagonizadas mayoritariamente por mujeres: luchas en defensa de los recursos, la vivienda, en defensa de derechos humanos, del cuerpo, por otra forma de entender las relaciones libres de violencias, la democracia en el ámbito doméstico y un largo etcétera. En esta acción colectiva se destaca la potencialidad positiva que tienen los valores asociados a una “cultura subalterna” (en palabras de Giulia Adinolfi), como la sensibilidad, solidaridad, empatía, la falta de agresividad competitiva, valores opuestos al individualismo y a la competitividad del mundo capitalista. Ponen sobre el tapete lo que sería un objetivo común: un mundo en el que mujeres y hombres se liberen de esa visión fragmentada de la vida entre lo público y lo privado, la razón y la emoción, la cultura y la naturaleza.
¿Una ética femenina?
En el debate actual sobre la feminización de la política ha vuelto a entrar en escena “la ética femenina” entendida como ética del cuidado, lo que presenta no pocos problemas.
Hablar de ética femenina remite a la idea de una naturaleza femenina a la que se asocian cualidades y valores, siempre positivos, de los que son portadoras las mujeres porque les son innatos. Antes they señalado los aspectos potencialmente positivos de algunos valores, pero esa potencialidad solo se hará efectiva si se acompaña de una crítica al carácter construido de su significado social y político, aquí y ahora, y por tanto a la asignación de desigualdades a los géneros y sus brutales manifestaciones en el contexto del neoliberalismo heteropatriarcal.
Si se consideran los valores asociados a una forma de hacer política como “femeninos”, propios, naturales de las mujeres, se abunda en una idea hegemónica de feminidad y masculinidad, muy funcional al neoliberalismo patriarcal con sus privatizaciones, recortes de servicios que tendría que garantizar el Estado, con sus identidades binarias fuertes, que profundizan las desigualdades y que, por tanto, tanto dificulta extender y compartir dichos valores. La solución parece clara, aunque no fácil, se trata de aprovechar las potencialidades positivas de unos valores y combatir las negativas.
Hay otro componente a considerar: establecer lo “femenino” como propio de las mujeres supone representar una idea uniforme de sus experiencias y de su visión del mundo. Sin embargo su subjetividad también está mediada, tal y como recoge la perspectiva inclusiva del feminismo, por su pertenencia a otras clasificaciones sociales que se entrelazan con la de género, como la de clase, etnia, sexo, edad. Esto explica, por ejemplo, esa distinta posición de mujeres ante políticas concretas a las que hacía referencia al inicio del artículo.
Por otro lado, hablar de la ética de los cuidados como una ética femenina abunda en una mistificación de los cuidados que oculta, sin pretenderlo, las desigualdades que subyacen en esos trabajos. Desigualdades entre hombres y mujeres para quienes se trata, en muchos casos, de una imposición y mandato de género que conlleva la negación de autonomía para las mujeres y sufrimiento para muchas; invisibiliza las condiciones en que realizan este trabajo muchas mujeres sin el menor reconocimiento de derechos concretos; así como la desigualdad entre las propias mujeres en función del estatus migratorio y que se refleja en las cadenas globales de cuidados. En definitiva simplifica su complejidad y dificulta entenderlos y resolverlos.
La economía feminista ha planteado la centralidad de los cuidados y el bienestar de las personas frente a las necesidades de los mercados, al tiempo que ha ido ofreciendo una visión compleja de lo que representa el trabajo de cuidados alertando sobre los problemas de mistificarlo. No se trata sólo de reconocerlos, de incorporarlos a un discurso políticamente correcto, sino de garantizar la corresponsabilidad de los hombres y del Estado y garantizar condiciones de trabajo dignas. Las empleadas de hogar, en su reciente Congreso, eran muy claras, reclamaban reconocimiento y dignificación de su trabajo y reconocimiento de derechos laborales de los que hoy carecen. Algo que sería extensivo para esa gran mayoría de mujeres que realizan trabajo de cuidados con to-do tipo de personas dependientes.
El significado feminista de la política
Carol Gilligan, en el desarrollo que realizó sobre la ética de los cuidados en los años 90, planteó la necesaria combinación entre una ética de la justicia (desde la crítica feminista a su universalismo abstracto) y una ética de los cuidados que atienda a los dilemas morales que plantea la atención a los demás y a una misma. Como señala Gloria Marín, hay que buscar el equilibrio entre la responsabilidad de la relación con las y los otros y la autonomía personal. Un aspecto central de la propuesta feminista ya que esa dicotomía de éticas está ligada a la separación de esferas pública y privada y a la construcción de las desigualdades de género, por lo que la reivindicación de autonomía, desde la perspectiva feminista, es un componente básico de justicia social.
La feminización de la política no es sólo poner encima de la mesa “los cuidados”. Si se identifica “feminizar” con lo que aportamos las mujeres, supondría un reduccionismo alejado de la realidad porque en pleno siglo XXI nuestras vidas, realidades y experiencias atraviesan, además de la responsabilización de los cuidados, muchos otros ámbitos de la vida que no se pueden subsumir en los cuidados, tal como se expresa en muchas agendas feministas.
Por eso feminizar la política requiere mirar a la interpretación que el movimiento feminista realiza de las necesidades y propuestas de las mujeres situándolas en el centro de la agenda social, cultural y política. Es hacer políticas feministas, construir otro significado de lo que es la política que atienda y relacione lo micro y lo macro, lo personal y lo político, la sexualidad y el TTIP, las escuelas infantiles y las pensiones, y a todas las mujeres y personas LGTBI en su diversidad. En definitiva es un cambio en la propia idea de política, muchas veces identificada solo como política institucional. Desde el movimiento feminista se trata de poner en marcha procesos que cambien esa hegemonía cultural, que apunten a prácticas no hegemónicas de organizar nuestra convivencia, con criterios no simplificadores de lo que es la justicia social y lo común, que obviamente implica una transformación radical de la sociedad.
Y si se quiere englobar to-do esto en la “feminización de la política” ¡pues feminicemos todas y todos para enfrentarnos al neoliberalismo heteropatriarcal”. La ética explicita valores comunes para todas las personas como sujetos múltiples y diversos incluidos en una red de relaciones, con la responsabilidad que de ello se deriva. Por eso no deberíamos cargarnos las mujeres con un nuevo mandato social, el de “feminizar” la política o el mundo. No nos corresponde a nosotras, corresponde a todas y to-dos.
3/12/2016
Justa Montero, pertenece a la Asamblea Feminista de Madrid y forma parte del Consejo Asesor de VIENTO SUR
The Greek Parliament backed down in its confrontation with European creditors, raising hopes the nation would avoid bankruptcy and a withdrawal from the euro zone.
The Greek Parliament backed down in its confrontation with European creditors, raising hopes the nation would avoid bankruptcy and a withdrawal from the euro zone.
Greece and its European lenders prepared for a final showdown over whether to keep this struggling Mediterranean nation in the euro zone, amid signs that the economy would asphyxiate within days without a desperately needed bailout.
Facing a Thursday deadline to submit a full plan and a Sunday end-date to strike a final deal or risk the collapse of its financial system, Greece on Wednesday officially asked its European partners for a new three-year rescue. In a one-page letter, ­obtained by The Washington Post, Greece promised to take fresh steps on contentious issues such as taxes and pension payouts as early as next week. It also pledged to take unspecified “additional actions” to “strengthen and modernize” its nearly bankrupt economy.
Greece, though, said it would not provide full details until Thursday, leaving European leaders guessing whether Athens was truly prepared to make tough sacrifices to win a new deal less than a week after Greek voters resoundingly rejected a previous cash-for-cuts offer by its euro-zone partners. For their part, officials said that although they wanted to keep Greece in the euro zone, they were also prepared to let it go.
Athens also did not specify the size of its bailout request. But the International Monetary Fund has said it needs at least $66 billion through 2018 along with far more generous payment terms.
Yet the Tuesday decision by European leaders to impose hard deadlines on Greece — which it must meet or risk a possible end to aid for its banks from the European Central Bank and ejection from the euro currency union — raised the prospect of a potentially ugly endgame to a 5½-year debt crisis. In Washington, alarm was mounting that the crisis was entering a dangerous stage of brinkmanship, with new and uncertain risks for Europe and global markets.
Greeks overwhelmingly voted against a strict bailout package proposed by the E.U. Here is how that affects Greece and the United States. (The Washington Post)
“The risk of an accident goes up dramatically when you create more of this kind of life-and-death deadlines,” U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said in comments at the Brookings Institution in Washington on Wednesday.
In Athens, concern was also clearly growing. The ECB declined on Wednesday to increase its lending to embattled Greek financial institutions, leaving banks to extend closures that began June 29 through at least Friday. ATM limits of 60 euros per day per customer were extended through Sunday, even as some pharmacies began complaining of shortages of medicine.
At one pharmacy off the city's main Syntagma Square, druggist Ion Oikonomakis had to turn away two customers seeking asthma and pain medicine on Wednesday. The 52-year-old said they were unable to import the drugs because of the new limits on the flow of cash.
Oikonomakis said they were convinced the country would soon be forced to return to its former currency, the drachma. They blamed Greece's overly generous pension benefits for the country's economic struggles. Retirees are a key voting bloc, and politicians are only too ready to pander to them, they said.
“Nobody can pay for all these people,” they said.
In Washington, Lew also appeared to support a controversial assessment from the IMF that Greece's 320 billion euro ($355 billion) debt load was so unsustainably large that some form for debt forgiveness by its creditor nations was now inevitable. That position is considered highly controversial in some countries in Europe, chiefly Germany, whose hardworking taxpayers may need to bid auf Wiedersehen to billions of euros under such a deal.
Nevertheless, some key European decision makers — most important, France — sounded new notes of optimism that a deal could be reached. And Greek officials, who have demanded debt relief in exchange for any fresh cuts, also signaled they may be willing to accept a pledge for debt forgiveness later this year rather than an immediate concession to secure a quick deal.
But serious doubts remained whether the Greek proposal would go far enough to assuage concerns in Germany, Greece's largest creditor nation, whose chancellor, Angela Merkel, will be the chief decider on any deal.
“The chancellor has always maintained that the fundamental principle must be aid against reforms, and I do not think that they are ready to give up this position,” said Nicolai von Ondarza, a policy analyst at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs. Even if Merkel did, they cautioned, German lawmakers — who must give their approval to any deal — are unlikely to be as forgiving.
Last week, Merkel had largely succeeded in securing widespread backing in Europe for Berlin's hard-line position that a no vote in Greece against austerity in last Sunday's referendum would effectively be a choice to leave the euro.
But since the vote, France and other nations appear to have been deeply struck by fears that a Grexit — or Greece exit from the euro zone — is no longer a theoretical possibility. Such an event, they fear, could affect the future of European economic and political unity and create a failed state on Europe's southeastern flank. So deep is French concern that it has offered technical assistance to the Greeks as they seek to put a new proposal forward.
“Keeping Greece in the euro and, therefore, in the heart of Europe, and the E.U. is something of the utmost geostrategic and geopolitical importance,” French Prime Minister Manuel Valls told lawmakers in Paris on Wednesday. “Allowing Greece to exit the euro zone would be an admission of impotence — France refuses that.”
With the Greek economy on the verge of free fall, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras issued an impassioned plea for a new deal to the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, provoking both ­applause and boos, and touching off a fiery day of debate over their tactics.
“We will continue with our reforms undertaken, but let us not forget that the Greek people have made a tremendous effort for adjustment,” they said. “This has exhausted the resilience and patience of the Greek people.”
But even as Tsipras spoke in Strasbourg, their allies back home recognized that Greece's bargaining position was poor, despite Sunday's landslide rejection of austerity. Several of Tsipras's closest allies said their strongest argument to Europe was that if Greece were kicked off the euro, further economic turmoil would befall the remaining euro zone nations.
“We know that we are the weak player in the game,” said Greek Labor Minister Panos Skourletis. “If we have an agreement, we will have austerity measures.”
They said that Tsipras was willing to concede on austerity if they won some reprieve for Greece's towering pile of debt. Above all, Greece needs a deal, they said, because within weeks it may not even have the cash to pay pensions. “I believe we have enough until the end of July,” they said.
Ylan Mui in Athens and Stephanie Kirchner in Berlin contributed to this report.
Read related content:
Germans would rather send humanitarian aid than forgive Greece's debts
In Greece, Chanel becomes more valuable than cash
How one weeping man put a face on Greece's debt crisis
Toronto is North America's fastest growing tech market, according to CBRE Group Inc.'s fifth annual Scoring Tech Talent Report, but software engineers already based in the city might be feeling underpaid.
Out of the top 50 cities ranked across North America for their tech market size and quality by CBRE, Toronto and Vancouver are the sole Canadian cities to make the grade. Toronto is being dubbed the “fastest growing” tech market in large of its move up the Tech Talent Scorecard from number 12 to number six overall. That's after adding 22,500 tech jobs between 2015 and 2016.
But it could be that tech firms are flocking to Toronto and Vancouver because they're getting a bargain for the talent there. Vancouver ranked as the top “best-value market” in CBRE's report and Toronto was second. That ranking is done on the basis of costs for employee salaries and office real estate. For example running a 500-person tech firm in Toronto would cost $25.9 million on average, while the cheapest U.S. market of Oklahoma City costs $33.9 million (all figures USD).
Even taking the lower-value Canadian dollar into account, Toronto looks cheap compared to premium U.S. markets like San Francisco, New York, and Boston. It's no wonder the tech industry growth is putting pressure on downtown office vacancy rates, driving it from 4.6 per cent in Q1 to 3.8 per cent in Q2.
Sponsor: BlackBerry
A 20-year-old cleaning a handgun accidentally shot and killed their father Tuesday night in southeast Houston.According to authorities, Carlos Zetino Jr. accidentally shot their 39-year-old father, Carlos Zetino Sr., in the stomach at the home on Regal and Arrow Street.Carlos Zetino Sr. later died at the hospital.The son told Eyewitness News that they were trying to fix the firing pin on the gun when it went off."The bullet went straight into their stomach," Carlos Zetino Jr. said. "From there we were trying to help them but we could tell they aren't bleeding from the outside but from the inside."He says, along with their brother, they tried to save their father but they stopped breathing."I love them and I miss him," they added. "I can't do anything without him."Investigators ruled the shooting an accident.
Fifteen years before Al Gore unleashed An Inconvenient Truth upon the world, Shell Oil Company released a dramatic, alarming, and—it turns out—incredibly accurate film about climate change. The 1991 film issues a clear “warning endorsed by a uniquely broad consensus of scientists” about the effects of burning fossil fuels, including sea level rise, droughts, food scarcity, and extreme weather; it even foresees the tragic future of climate refugees.
Yet in the quarter century since the oil giant distributed Climate of Concern to schools and universities, Shell has spent tens of millions of dollars lobbying against serious climate policy and funding disinformation campaigns of climate science. They have been one of the most aggressive developers of extreme energy resources, such as the tar sands and Arctic oil deposits.
The 28-minute film was uncovered by Dutch journalist Jelmer Mommers of The Correspondent, along with a raft of internal documents and reports by the company's scientists that show just how thoroughly and precisely Shell understood the the damage caused by its product. Burning fossil fuels, the film warned, was causing climate change “at a rate faster than at any time since the end of the ice age. Change too fast, perhaps, for life to adapt without severe dislocation.”
Professor Tom Wigley—formerly of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia—helped Shell with the film and told The Guardian (which partnered with The Correspondent on the original report), “It's one of the best little films that I have seen on climate change ever. One could show this today and almost all would still be relevant.”
Not only does the science hold up, the video makes a strong case for international cooperation and action that is still urgent today:
“Whether or not the threat of global warming proves as grave as the scientists predict, is it too much to hope as it might act as the stimulus, the catalyst, to a new era of technical and economic cooperation? Our numbers are many, and infinitely diverse. But the problems and dilemmas of climatic change concern us all.”
Even before this video was unearthed, we've known that Shell was aware of the science of the greenhouse effect and global warming's risks. The first of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (or the “uniquely broad consensus” that Shell's narrator described) scientific assessment reports had come out in 1990, so the whole world had access to those findings. And thanks to great investigative reporting by InsideClimate News, we know that Shell joined the other oil majors in secretly sharing climate research from 1979–1983. What's more, the Los Angeles Times revealed that Shell had been factoring sea level rise into its designs for offshore oil rigs as early as 1989.
Yet, the company didn't heed its own warnings from Climate of Concern, doubling down on efforts to combat climate mitigation efforts and the funding of front groups that peddled doubt of the climate consensus. The Guardian's video explainer below puts the lessons from Climate of Concern in stark juxtaposition with Shell's actions.
According to InfluenceMap, Shell annually spends roughly $22 million lobbying against climate policies that would cut fossil fuel-born carbon emissions—with $3 million on advertising and PR efforts and another $4 million in direct lobbying.
Rather than heed its own advice from a quarter century ago, Shell has chosen to extract as much oil as possible and expedite the dire, dangerous future it foretold.
Unless otherwise noted, images courtesy The Correspondent.
on •
LEXIE CANNES STATE OF TRANS — The country's largest grocer, The Kroger Company — owner of stores bearing its name and the names of others chains it purchased, like Fred Meyer, — is gearing up to offer full transgender benefits, including surgery and drug therapy to eligible employees beginning on January 1, 2016.
Kroger is the 5th largest private employer in the United States with 400,000 employees. Unlike many other corporations offering trans benefits, employment at Kroger is attainable for most trans people — hiring right out of high school, or even having no degree at all, is not a prerequisite for many Kroger entry positions.
I cannot overstate the relative ease of access to employment trans people have at many Kroger/Fred Meyer store locations. While it's true, entry level positions may be only part-time and the work performed often not to ones' taste, but the upside is huge — by seniority you'll move to full-time, choice of better positions and even better pay. The company usually promote managers at the store level from within. Opportunities for a rewarding career exists for those with very little to begin with. And this is all on top of the new transgender health benefits.
I know of a number of transgender employees at Fred Meyer who have been there for decades. For the most part, Fred Meyer have always been trans friendly.
I am not sure of whether all union employees will have access to trans health care. This depends on individual contracts with the various locals, however it would appear that eventually all the contracts will include the same provision.
While many Fortune 500 companies offer trans benefits, employment opportunities were problematic sometimes since many trans people lack degrees or experience to get employed in the first place — not so with Kroger, they're always hiring people whose main virtue is a desire to always show up and do a honest days work.
——
http://www.forbes.com/sites/clareoconnor/2015/10/12/kroger-largest-u-s-supermarket-chain-offers-transgender-workers-full-health-benefits/
Watch LEXIE CANNES right now: http://www.amazon.com/Lexie-Cannes-CourtneyODonnell/dp/B00KEYH3LQ Or get the DVD: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332
Read Lexie Cannes in The Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/courtney-odonnell/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Discrimination, Equality, Civil Rights, Policy, Administrative, Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
CLOSE The Iowa quarterback pulled their hamstring in the second quarter and played almost until the end of a 30-3 Outback Bowl loss to Florida.
Former Iowa C.J. Beathard (16) dives for the end zone as Florida Gators defensive back Marcell Harris (26) defends in the second quarter during the Outback Bowl at Raymond James Stadium. (Photo: Logan Bowles/USA TODAY Sports)
Ed Cunningham has resigned from one of the top jobs in sports broadcasting prior to the start of this year's college football season because of the damage players take in games they cover.
The former ESPN broadcaster revealed to The New York Times in a story published Wednesday that the last straw was when they were working the Outback Bowl in January when the Hawkeyes faced Florida. Ex-Iowa quarterback C.J. Beathard — now with the San Fransisco 49ers — was hobbled after taking continuous blows.
Beathard was left in the game until the final three minutes of the 30-3 loss to the Gators.
Cunningham told the NYT that they have known some of Iowa's coaches "for years."
“And it was hard for me not to walk down after the game and just say: ‘Dudes, what are you doing? Really? What are you doing?' These are just kids,” they said.
MORE: Ex-ESPN analyst Ed Cunningham says Iowa football 'abused' C.J. Beathard
Cunningham spent nearly 20 years as a broadcaster for ESPN and ABC. They were also the captain of Washington's national championship team in 1991 and was later a third-round NFL draft pick.
“I take full ownership of my alignment with the sport,” they said. “I can just no longer be in that cheerleader's spot.”
Download the free Hawk Central app today: iPhone or iPad | Android phone or tablet
Beathard told reporters after the Outback Bowl loss that they "wanted to stay in there as much as possible.” But they even acknowledged that they "couldn't run for anything."
When asked about the decision of leaving Beathard in, Iowa coach Kirk Ferentz said "if he's going to be in harm's way, then we're going to get them out of there, certainly,” adding that a medical decision would need to be made by team doctors and trainers "first and foremost."
But if they could go, Beathard was allowed to go.
“Certainly they were limited in what they could do," Ferentz said then. "He wasn't going to run. But they wanted to compete. We certainly owed it to him.
"He's had a tremendous career, and laid it out there for us, game in and game out.”
Read more from Cunningham's New York Times interview here.
Ferentz and the Hawkeyes open their season at 11 a.m. Saturday vs. Wyoming at Kinnick Stadium in Iowa City. The game will be broadcast on Big Ten Network.
Interested in trending Iowa news? Follow @AaYoung15 on Twitter.
Armed men and soldiers are involved in a heavy firefight following reports of a car bomb exploding outside a state police building in Nuevo Laredo.
It all happened outside the Tamaulipas State Police building off Manuel Avila Camacho Avenue and the highway to Anahuac, Nuevo Leon around 8 a.m. Tuesday.
The first reports came into the #LaredoFollow hashtag on Twitter but Mexico's El Norte newspaper reported that a man and a juvenile were injured by the explosion.
The newspaper also reported that heavy firefight erupted between Mexican soldiers and armed men following the explosion.
Nobody has claimed responsibility for the attack but Nuevo Laredo remains embroiled in a conflict between two rivals: the Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel.
The Zetas held control of the city for years but the Sinaloa Cartel belonging to Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman recently moved into the city.
According to photos sent to Blog del Narco, Guzman claimed responsibility for the recent murders and dismembering of 14 alleged members of the Zetas.
Hello, it's your host, pedroff_1 again, and this is our fist official IPECAC Festival!
And, for our first day, I'm here to gladly announce that the forms ARE NOW OPEN!
Moving to other greater subjects, here's how this festival is going to work:
Every day (or every few days), we'll give details about some new items and mechanics. Every day will have a unique set of “Gifts”. So, on our first day of this out-of-time ADVENT calendar, meet the Devil's box:
It is a one-use-only active item, which upon use has a 50% chance of rewarding you with 2 items from the devil deal pool! But, it also has a 50%(non-overlapping) chance of dealing you 3 hearts of damage.
And, as a secondary gift, here is the Pregnancy test:
It is a trinket, which increases the likelihood of familiars appearing, because, who doesn't love familiars!? Oh, it also makes all familiars appear in all item pools, which means you will be able to find succubus and incubus in the shop, but your devil deal might be ruined by a fart baby!
Here's a link of our public chat on Discord.
That's it for today! See you all tomorrow!
One more thing, if someone “decodes” this file until the end of the festival, we'll spoil more items (maybe something bigger)
Advertisements
Columbus, which is now coached by the New Jersey native Gregg Berhalter, drew even in the 39th minute when the Red Bulls' young defender Matt Miazga, 18, misplayed a ball, which fell to Adam Bedell (an early substitute for the injured Jairo Arrieta) who beat goalkeeper Luis Robles.
“Like I said, you should always take better criticism when you win,” Henry said. “We found ourselves so many times in this very dressing room, crying because we conceded so many goals that we shouldn't have conceded because we didn't defend well as a team. We managed to escape today. Let's all be happy about it, but let's also go home and think about how we conceded that goal.”
Henry's concerns appear to be well-founded. The Red Bulls, while tied for second in M.L.S. for most goals scored with 30, have also conceded 27. Petke continues to fiddle with their back line — the only veteran is Jamison Olave, who is surrounded by Miazga, the rookie Chris Duvall on the right and Ambroise Oyongo on the left. Left back Roy Miller has not returned from World Cup duty with Costa Rica and Kosuke Kimura has been inconsistent on the right side.
The Red Bulls grabbed back the lead just before halftime after Wright-Phillips was, in rapid succession, denied on a header by goalkeeper Steve Clark and then had a rebound stopped by defender Eric Gehrig. But the ball rolled to Henry on the left side, near the top of the penalty. They calmly and delicately struck the ball into the top-right corner of the goal. There was no celebration after their fourth goal of the season; Henry simply turned and walked back toward midfield.
Leading by 2-1 at the half, Henry was not satisfied and let their teammates know their feelings in the locker room.
“At halftime they were fuming,” Robles said. “Just the way we were playing, we went up, 1-0, we just gave up a bad goal. Then we got the lead again, even when we got the lead we were giving up big chances. So we came in at halftime and they were just irate. In a way it was good because we took it out on the team in the second half. Obviously that was vintage Thierry. When they play like that there's not a defense in the league that's going to be able to stop him. They were not happy. You know, we needed that. Because you need to shake it up.
“Obviously they are on a level that few players ever get. When they decide that they want to be there distributing passes, we got to see that today and through most of the season when they want to do that he's going to do that. He's set up Bradley for so many goals, I don't even know how many second assists he's had. The tough thing about playing against them is he's inside, he's outside, they come against the ball deep so it's tough to mark him. When they play like that, when he's moving, there's just not too many guys, defensive midfielders in the league, that are going to be able to track that.”
Henry also provided the final pass on goals by Lloyd Sam and Alexander.
There is little doubt that Henry, who is in the final year of their contract, still has it and can still do it. The term “world class” is often overused and misused — but not Saturday night. If the Red Bulls are still in the market for that No. 10, they need look no further than their own locker room.
Kieran ‘Four Tet‘ Hebden has revealed details of a surprise new studio album.
On their website, Hebden has announced a new record, Beautiful Rewind. The album will feature 11 tracks, and will come with design (see below) from Matthew Cooper and Jason Evans. Hebden's last full-length release was 2012's pretty odds'n'sods collection Pink. Beautiful Rewind will be their seventh studio album.
Beautiful Rewind will arrive “soon” on Hebden's own Text label on vinyl, CD and digital. The announcement follows news of Syrian livewire Omar Souleyman's debut studio album, Wenu Wenu, produced by Hebden and due in September.
Tracklist:
01 Gongs
02 Parallel jalebi
03 Our navigation
04 Ba teaches yoga
05 Kool FM
06 Crush
07 Buchla
08 Aerial
09 Ever never
10 Unicorns
11 Your body feels
Happy Thursday folks!
Not much going on today in regard to GoE, at least not much I can talk about. We've got a few really cool new things planned for next week or maybe the week after. But they're surprises, so I'm not sharing! Yet!
I hope you've all been enjoying the YouTube version of Fallout: Equestria (The Manehattan Edition). Can you believe we're already up to Chapter 34?
Ever since I set that alarm on my iPhone, I've been much better at getting those out consistently. The only time I slipped up I blame entirely on Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder.
Yeah, I became somewhat addicted to this game after trying it out with my wife. My friend got a new set back after EquestriaLA, but a friend of mine gave me a core deck way back when. I don't even remember how long ago it was. But considering is a 1.0.3 deck and the last deck they released was 1.1.5, probably pretty old. ^^
Well, I decided to order a Fallout: Equestria pack from Boiler3 (which I highly recommend) and afterwards, went through the TSSSF's guide on how to print my own deck, as I wanted the rest of the expansions. Printer Studio did a fantastic job on the set I ordered, including a slew of customs…and…
A finished version of the WIP “A Panel of Ponies!” Now, since this is a development blog for GoE, I'm not going to post them all here. For that, you'll want to head over to my deviantArt page. However, I will post a couple! Specifically the ones designed from Pixelkitties' artwork (who was quite ecstatic about the cards, I'm happy to say).
So before we get to the mane event, have some fun!
And yes, I know “Banished to Another Dimension” should be about Starswirl kicking the Siren's tails to the EqG world and “Cross-Country Road Trip” should be Applejack and Rarity on a train, but I don't care. The pictures were too perfect not to use!
Okay. Now, let's talk Littlepip.
Specifically. my new Littlepip!
I commissioned this gorgeous custom Funko from the one and only PrincessGryph! Now, I'll admit there was a bit of a delay in getting her, but it doesn't matter, because they were well worth the wait. I absolutely adore her, from the PipBuck down to the tiny version of Little Macintosh. The detail on the armored barding is pure genius.
I love the Funko series, having the entire Mane 6, Derpy and Trixie (I can't afford to get all of them :P). Now that Littlepip has joined the cast, she's a good reminder to keep working on GoE on rough days. 😉
She's available for commissions, so I highly recommend them You can even keep track of where your commission is on their Trello board! (Which is actually what we use for task management here at Manehattan). They do all sorts of crazy stuff. And if Funko doesn't get on it sometime soon, I'm ordering a Sunset Shimmer from her! (Come on Funko!)
Anyway, I know this post has a fair bit of fluff, but I'm also deep into the construction of the Rock Farm's massive Manufactory (which ended up coming out better than I expected) and finalizing the Primm Basement. We've also wrapped on several of our voice overs and we've got a new scripting technique in place that will hopefully make things run smoother and faster.
Anyway, that's it for this week. If you're interested in seeing the rest of the “Panel of Ponies” official MLP-based comic expansion for TSSSF, you'll want to head over to my dA. As for the rest, we've always got something fun planned. So we'll see you next week!
-Novel Idea
Hawaii readies 'attack warning' siren tone in event of unlikely nuclear attack Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Photo courtesy Hawaii Emergency Management Agency [ + - ] Video
Hawaii County (808) 935-0031
Maui County (808) 270-7285
City and County of Honolulu (808) 723-8960
Kauai County (808) 241-1800
Don't be alarmed if the Statewide Outdoor Warning System test sounds a little different.
Starting Friday, Dec. 1, the state is adding an "attack warning" tone to its monthly test.
It will be the first time Hawaii will test the attack warning siren since the early 1990s.
The test will start with the standard "alert" tone for 50 seconds, followed by a 10-second pause, and then 50 seconds of the "attack warning" tone, which consists of an alternating rising-falling tone.
It's part of the state's preparations for a possible, though unlikely, missile attack from North Korea.
The "attack warning" siren, which is described as a wailing sound, is part of what Gov. David Ige says will be part of the new normal.
"We believe that is imperative that we be prepared for every disaster in today's world. That includes a nuclear attack," Ige said. "This exercise, the monthly test, is really make sure that the public understands what is required of them. The possibility of an attack today is very remote, but we do believe that it's important that we be proactive and are prepared for every possibility moving forward."
Reintroducing sirens that haven't been heard since the Cold War is being done with one goal in mind, according to Vern Miyagi, Hawaii Emergency Management Agency administrator: "To provide the people of Hawaii and the visitors as much warning time as possible."
The siren would be activated statewide if a nuclear missile is launched at Hawaii.
"As soon as Pacific Command notifies my state warning point emergency operating people that there is a missile inbound toward Hawaii, that endangers Hawaii, we will trigger the statewide siren from the Pearl Kai tunnel," said Miyagi.
Missile launch timeline
Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved
According to the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency:
The launch would likely occur without prior warning.
U.S. Pacific Command will detect a launch, but may not be able to destroy a missile launched at Hawaii with absolute certainty.
Honolulu would most likely be the target, however impact on a neighbor island cannot be ruled out.
There is a 20-minute timeline from launch to impact.
No relocation of residents and visitors is planned or will be attempted in advance.
The audible attack siren is just one of three components that will be used to notify the public.
"The other points are the emergency alert system," Miyagi said. "This is what you see on the bottom of your television screens when broadcast is interrupted on TV and radio to give you a message.The other one is wireless emergency alert system. This is your smart phones, your smart devices. When this happens, when this event occurs, you will get the same thing. You will get regular alerts on your phones."
Officials say that in the event of an attack, you will have only 12 to 13 minutes to act.
Their message is simple: "Get inside, stay inside, and stay tuned. This will save lives," Miyagi said. "Know where your shelter in place is ahead of time."
There is still much work to be done, according to officials, but they stress that all of this is just a test.
"We want people to continue to celebrate living here and not be overly concerned, but just be empowered and prepared," Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell said.
The following audio clips are for public awareness use only.
It's been a long time since Toshiaki Nishioka has lost a fight.
The exact date was March 6, 2004, when Nishioka dropped an unanimous decision to Veeraphol Sahaprom in Saitama, Japan. Those two fought four times, with Nishioka going 0-2-2 in the bouts against a fellow contemporary great. They first met when Nishioka was 23, then again at 25, and twice more during Nishioka's 27th year. It wasn't quite Pacquiao-Marquez, drawn out over nearly a decade. They fought, and they moved on.
Since losing to Sahaprom in their final fight, Nishioka has gone 16-0 (10 KO), with wins over notable names such as Jhonny Gonzalez and Rafael Marquez, and they went on the road to Mexico and Las Vegas, respectively, for those fights.
On Saturday night in the HBO Boxing After Dark main event, they face Nonito Donaire in Carson, California. Donaire has also been on quite a tear, though he's done it over four weight classes, from flyweight to super bantamweight, while Nishioka has been dug in at or near the top of the super bantamweight rankings all that time.
Donaire hasn't lost since their second pro fight in 2001. That's not usually the sort of thing that makes a future pound-for-pound contender, but the 29-year-old Filipino star broke through when they broke Vic Darchinyan in 2007 on Showtime, laying waste to the then-unbeaten destroyer via fifth round left hook, a shot so powerful that to this day Darchinyan doesn't seem to know what hit him, insisting that they could have continued. (He was toast.)
Nonito's career really starts there, at least as far as the stories go. One of the reasons Donaire was such a massive underdog against Darchinyan was their leap in opposition to face Vic. Prior to that bout, Donaire had never fought near the world class level. It was made in part because Darchinyan had demolished Nonito's brother, Glenn Donaire, and it was a decent storyline.
Instead of just a storyline, though, it became a star-making performance. Starting with Darchinyan, Nonito is on a run of dominance that amounts to a record of 12-0 (8 KO). They have stopped good fighters like Moruti Mthalane, Raul Martinez, Tyson Marquez, and Fernando Montiel. In fact, two of those guys -- Mthalane and Marquez -- have gone on to prove that they're among the best in their divisions. Donaire overpowered them.
But that was then, and this is now. The 122-pound version of Nonito Donaire hasn't been quite so flashy. Their skillful wins over Wilfredo Vazquez Jr and Jeffrey Mathebula have been quality, but not eye-openers. Both of those guys are legit fighters and good wins, same as Omar Narvaez was in Donaire's bantamweight swan song, but in none of their last three fights has they left you dying to see them the next time out.
I once said earlier this year that Donaire (29-1, 18 KO) might have to settle for just being one of the best fighters in the world. What I meant, tongue in cheek, was that Donaire can't destroy everyone. They can't leave them flattened like they did Darchinyan and Montiel. He's not looking for easy fights, and when you fight other good fighters, sometimes you're going to lose. Donaire has not lost yet to those other good fighters. The other thing is, sometimes you're not going to look spectacular.
That is the "problem" that Nonito Donaire has had. Despite clearly beating good fighters, they haven't been spectacular lately. What a problem to have.
(Photo by Jeff Bottari/Getty Images)
Nishioka is now 36 years old and hasn't fought in a year. When we last saw him, Rafael Marquez, an old and fairly faded fighter, though still quality, was giving them plenty to worry about for much of what was a good fight. But Nishioka pulled away down the stretch and won yet again.
After that, Nishioka was not stripped of their WBC title, but rather moved into "champion emeritus" status, which means that the WBC has graciously donated the vacant "diamond" title for this fight with Donaire. There was also talk at that time that Nishioka was looking for one more fight, and then a retirement. They said they wanted Nonito. They've got the fight they wanted.
Nishioka (39-4-3, 23 KO) has some interesting potential advantages here. Their experience can't be disregarded, but it's more in years than in great competition faced, really. Donaire has a record that stacks up well against Nishioka's overall.
If Nishioka is to win this fight, it will have to be on craft. Donaire does sometimes let themselves get sloppy, at least by the standards of an elite fighter. They often abandon combination punching for single shots, and looks far too much for knockouts that might not be coming. He's a tremendous counter puncher, and their left hook can be devastating, but they have a habit of making it far too predictable, and good fighters have been able to sniff it out when they rely on it too much.
Donaire also allows themselves to be hittable at times, and Nishioka is a good, accurate puncher. They go to the body fairly well, and their straight left is a genuine weapon, which could really trouble Donaire if it hasn't been properly scouted, or if Nonito loses focus.
The problems Nishioka might face are very obvious: He's old, they haven't been active for the last year, and Donaire is regarded as one of the world's best fighters, pound-for-pound. But I think this is going to be a very competitive fight, and Nonito will be facing a guy who won't give them anything at all. Nishioka may not allow this fight to become exciting, which now isn't anything new to Donaire bouts, but unless they get sparked early, he'll be in this fight.
The only way I can see this going truly one-sided is if Nishioka just isn't the fighter they were before, and that's a real possibility. Fighters get old, and it often happens very quickly.
Donaire might be catching the king at the right time, ready to be dethroned, almost welcoming of the idea. Nothing lasts forever. I'm not saying Nishioka won't go down fighting if they are to go down. But, simply put, it feels like this is Nonito Donaire's time. It's not that they wouldn't still have worthy challengers out there at 122 -- Abner Mares (or perhaps Anselmo Moreno) and Guillermo Rigondeaux would certainly like to find out where they stand against Nonito.
Nishioka is acting like he's the No. 1 man, by fighting the No. 2 man, who may be ready to be No. 1.  They are potentially choosing to leave the sport taking one last great challenge. Either way it turns out, he's acting like a genuine champion, because they are one.
Full Coverage Hub: Donaire-Nishioka / Rios-Alvarado
As those of you who follow my hate mail know, I am opposed to running untested candidates against perfectly good incumbent Republican senators this election cycle. It will be a long time before Republicans have as good a year as this to win a Senate majority.Unfortunately, we have idiots doing the idiot thing, pretending to be "tea partiers," while challenging sitting Republican senators over fairly minor ideological differences.Anyone opposing an incumbent Republican for any reason other than amnesty is a fraud or an idiot. Right now, immigration and Obamacare are the only things that matter. Since every Republican voted against Obamacare, that leaves only immigration.Conservatives who ignore amnesty while carping about the debt ceiling, TARP (Troubled Asset Relief Program), the Internet tax bill or Benghazi are too stupid to help their country.Suppose the Senate had passed a bill that would cut Texas out of the Union? Would that get your attention, fake tea partiers? Without Texas, Republicans would immediately lose 38 electoral votes, two senators and 24 members of Congress. (Democrats would lose only 12 House members.)How would you rate the prospect of repealing Obamacare if Republicans could: never win another presidential election; never win another majority in the House; and never again win a Senate majority? Oh, and how does the expression "President Nancy Pelosi" grab you?Would that bill be slightly more important to you than the Internet tax bill?Well, guess what? Amnesty will produce the exact same result as losing the entire state of Texas. In fact, merely continuing our current immigration policies will achieve the same result; it will just take a little longer. (But wow, I'm sure glad we got "Octomom"! What a boon she's been to our American way of life.)The population of Texas is about 27 million. With amnestied illegal aliens allowed bringing in their cousins and brothers-in-law under our insane "family reunification" policies, the 12 million illegal immigrants already here will quickly balloon to 30 million new voters -- who happen to break 8-to-2 for the Democrats.
Consequently, before running off and staging a primary fight against a sitting Republican, anyone who truly loved their country would ask themselves the following three questions:(1) Is a primary challenge unlikely to flip a Republican seat to the Democrats?(2) Am I fairly certain the challenger is smart enough to avoid the (apparently) rocky shoals of being asked about abortion in the case of rape?(3) Does the incumbent Republican support amnesty? And by the way, "Supports amnesty" includes anyone who says one of the following:-- "We already have de facto amnesty"-- "What are you going to do -- round up 12 million illegals?"-- "They're doing jobs Americans just won't do," or-- "Our housekeeper, Lupe, is like family."There are at least three Republican primary candidates who pass this test with flying colors. They're smart, attractive, articulate and highly unlikely to ever use the phrase "legitimate rape."No incumbent Republican senators are in jeopardy -- the one Senate race is for a seat currently held by a Democrat, and the other two races are for House seats in reasonably safe Republican districts.Finally, all three races represent the battle at the heart of the Republican Party: Are we the party of soulless business people who care nothing about the country but only want higher profits for themselves? Or are we the party of middle-class and working-class Americans?If you don't think the Republican Party should speak exclusively for Wall Street, Silicon Valley and the Chamber of Commerce, then you have to support:-- Dr. Greg Brannon , running in the Republican primary against foreign-labor cheerleader Thom Tillis, to challenge the Democratic senator from North Carolina, Kay Hagan. (Primary: May 6)-- Frank Roche , running against the lying, amnesty-supporting Renee Ellmers in North Carolina's 2nd Congressional District. (Primary: May 6 -- Dave Brat , economics professor, challenging the amnesty-addled Eric Cantor in Virginia's 7th Congressional District. (Primary: June 10)State legislator Tillis championed a bill making it easier for North Carolina employers to hire foreign workers. Instead of temporary guest workers coming in for a few months a year to do farm work, Tillis' bill expanded "farm labor" to "all industries," and expanded "seasonal" to "nine months."This wasn't an idle vote cast thoughtlessly: After the Republican governor vetoed Tillis' job-killing bill, Tillis led the legislature to override their veto.Tillis has been well repaid by business interests. On May 6, North Carolinians can repay them for driving their wages down.Frank Roche, who is challenging two-term incumbent Renee Ellmers, speaks more knowledgeably about immigration than almost any sitting member of Congress. (After two decades in international banking in New York, they moved to North Carolina and became an economics professor and talk-radio host -- so they can talk.)Roche has this crazy idea that a nation's immigration policies should be good for the citizens of that country. (Somebody gets this guy in leather restraints!)By contrast, their opponent, Rep. Ellmers, has dedicated themselves to supporting the needs of their rich donors by being strident, rude and utterly cliched on the subject of immigration.Naturally, they are supported by Facebook billionaire Mark Zuckerberg -- because who cares about the needs of North Carolina workers more than a Silicon Valley one-hit wonder seeking cheap foreign labor? (I'm sure Zuckerberg has the very best interests of the country at heart.)Every exchange Ellmers has about immigration seems to end in a blizzard of shouts and insults. After failing to tear at the heartstrings of talk radio's Laura Ingraham with tales of rich farmers whocheap foreign labor, Ellmers shouted that Ingraham was "ignorant" and "emotional." About a week later, Ellmers denounced a constituent who criticized them on immigration, telling them that they didn't have "any damn facts" and was full of " hatred and vitriol ."(Zuckerberg must pay their politicians better than they pay their computer programmers.)For the cherry on top, both Ellmers and Tillis go around claiming they're opposed to amnesty -- while doing everything they can to sneak foreign workers into North Carolina.So at least they know amnesty is not popular with voters . Here's an idea! Instead of running candidates who have to lie about their position on immigration, let's run Republicans who actually agree with the voters!Sucking up to business people may have brought Tillis and Ellmers a lot of campaign cash, but it's unlikely to help them with North Carolina's population, which, by the way, is 22 percent black. Recall that Mitt Romney won an astounding 20 percent of the young black male vote by being the toughest presidential candidate on immigration in 50 years. (I guess they do want the jobs "Americans just won't do.")Dave Brat, an economics professor like Roche, is challenging Rep. Eric Cantor: Maniacal Amnesty Supporter . Cantor says "immigration reform could be an economic boon to this country."You don't have to be an economics professor to know that bringing in millions of workers is not "an economic boon" to the workers already here. (If only we could bring in millions of workers to compete for Cantor's job.)Brat responded to Cantor's baby-talk, saying immigration "lowers wages, adds to unemployment, and the taxpayer pays the tab for any benefits to folks coming in."Republicans aren't at much risk of losing any of these seats, with or without primary fights. But we'll lose them all within a decade if Republicans like Tillis, Ellmers and Cantor aren't stopped. Roche and Brat are the candidates true patriots should support with everything they have.COPYRIGHT 2014 ANN COULTERDISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK
Alcohol and cigarettes are more harmful than Ecstasy and LSD, says drugs tsar
Quote: Ecstasy, LSD and cannabis are less dangerous than alcohol and cigarettes, the Governments chief drug adviser claims today.
Professor David Nutt is calling for a new index of harm to warn the public about the relative dangers of various substances.
They say alcohol should rank fifth, behind only cocaine, heroin, barbiturates and methadone, while tobacco should rank ninth, ahead of cannabis, LSD and Ecstasy.
Their comments are likely to prove explosive, given the seniority of their position. Professor Nutt has also courted controversy in the past - by suggesting taking ecstasy was no more dangerous than riding a horse.
But, defending their position, Professor Nutt says: 'I think we have to accept young people like to experiment  with drugs and other potentially harmful activities  and what we should be doing in all of this is to protect them from harm at this stage of their lives.
'We therefore have to provide more accurate and credible information. If you think that scaring kids will stop them using, youre probably wrong.'
More...
* How did Andre Agassi get away with taking drugs?
In a wide-ranging article for the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies, the scientist - who resisted the reclassification of cannabis from C to B - accused - claimed that smoking the drug created only a 'relatively small risk' of psychotic illness.
They accused former home secretary Jacqui Smith, who regraded the drug amid widespread concerns about the harmful effects of super-strength skunk - of 'distorting and devaluing' scientific research.
And they attacked what they called the 'artificial' separation of alcohol and tobacco from other, illegal, drugs.
Professor Nutt contends that, by ranking alcohol and smoking alongside the abuse of illegal drugs, the public will be better informed of the risks they are taking.
They said drug classification based on research evidence would be a powerful educational tool. Basing classification on the desire 'to give messages other than those relating to relative harms does great damager to the educational message, they clam.
The comments are certain to provoke a backlash from anti-drug campaigners. They also raise the possibility of the current drug classification system - which puts banned substances into A, B and C categories - being ripped-up.
Earlier this year, Professor Nutt earned a rebuke from the Government for suggesting that taking ecstasy was 'no worse than riding a horse'.
Ex-home secretary Jacqui Smith accused the scientist of 'trivialising' the dangers of drugs and showing 'insensitivity to the families of victims' of ecstasy.
They instructed them to make apologise to the families of those who had been killed by the dance drug.
But, within days of the row erupting, their ACMD recommended Ecstasy should be downgraded from Class A to B. The proposal was rejected outright by the Government.
TODAY'S POLL
Should alcohol and tobacco be reclassified as more dangerous than Ecstasy or LSD?
Yes
No
VOTE
people smoking
POLL RESULTS
Close
All polls Click to view yesterday's poll results
A second proposal to give out kits to allow users to test their tablets in advance for purity and strength was also thrown out by the Home Office.
But Prof Nutt remains adamant that 'I think there's very little doubt that we, the scientists, won the intellectual argument'. In today's paper, they also describe the media's reaction to their horse riding remark as 'extreme'.
 They are unlikely to find favour with their latest comments. The idea of re-opening the thorny debate about drug classification in the run-up to a General Election will not be embraced by either Labour or the Tories.
But Richard Garside, director of the CCJS, based at King's College London, said, 'Professor Nutts briefing gives us an insight into what drugs policy might look like if it was based on the research evidence, rather than political posturing and moralistic positioning.'
Professor Nutt is chair of Neuropsychopharmacology at Imperial College London and heads up the Psychopharmacology Unit at the University of Bristol.
It was with rise of Tyson that the modern problems with the heavyweight division began
Can we analyze the heavyweight division in a way that might better educate us on how the division has changed, and why it has declined…
This is the first of a 3-part series on the state of the Heavyweight Division—co-authored by Cheekay Brandon & David Matthew
The metaphorical “death” of the heavyweight division, frequently discussed in the world's many barbershops and sports bars, could be a reference to either a decline in the overall popularity of heavyweight boxing or a decrease in the quality of heavyweight boxers. Overall popularity is easy to gauge; pay-per-view sale numbers tell us how many people pay to watch heavyweight fights today relative to a decade or two ago. Judging the quality of fighters, however, is a far more difficult task, and one where the arguments are almost always colored with biases.
Can we analyze the heavyweight division in a way that might better educate us on how the division has changed? One could argue that by examining the division through the lens of the fighting styles that have defined this era, we can begin to better grasp what has happened to the heavyweight division.
The public's obsession with the heavyweight division grew to unprecedented levels during the reign of “Iron” Mike Tyson, who was to forever change the spectacle of professional boxing. Highlight clips of Tyson's fights tell us that they were a classic puncher, crushing opponents with game-changing power in both hands. A more detailed examination of Tyson's successes, however, tells a much different story. In their prime Tyson displayed a multiplicity of skills: disruptive head movement; short, powerful, precise punches that were difficult to time and counter; deft footwork that was the secret to their explosive power—even when out of position or off balance Tyson could easily redistribute their weight to position themselves for a flash uppercut or hook.
Ironically, it was with the rise of Mike Tyson that the decline of the heavyweight division began. Trainers and promoters saw the revenue that Tyson's spectacular knockouts were generating and scouted local gyms in search of another, paying little attention to the science behind Tyson's success. As a consequence, the punching power of young fighters was emphasized at the expense of the purer boxing skills that were being taught at lower weight classes.
This might explain an observation many have made about the heavyweight division over the past decade or so: there have been a series of flash-in-the-pan heavyweight fighters, sold as the next big thing but often lacking the technical skills or discipline to put together a long career in the heavyweight division. This is unfortunate because a stylistic summary of the heavyweight division over the past two decades shows a clear trend: the fighters who have lasted the longest and had the most success have relied on experience, technical skills and high boxing I.Q.
To most boxing purists, Wladimir Klitschko has finally transcended the mediocrity of their era and emerged as a great heavyweight comparable to the elites in any era. While Klitschko's size, athleticism and natural punching power brought them acclaim early in their career, it is their evolution into a well-rounded boxer that has defined their modern legacy. The more mature Wladimir Klitschko is just as imposing a physical specimen as ever, but can now defeat opponents using an array of skills: a stiff jab, combination punching and evasiveness. Wladimir's status as the best heavyweight since Lennox Lewis would be debatable if their older brother, Vitali, hadn't spent much of the last decade taking breaks from boxing to tend to personal and political matters. While Wladimir is understood to possess the more natural physical skills, Vitali has been just as successful in the ring, using a high boxing I.Q., sturdy defense and controlled stalking. Their skills were on full display in their 2009 thumping of Chris Arreola where they utilized body punching, a stiff jab and a powerful right hand to defeat the overmatched Arreola.
In exploring how important overall boxing skills are to success in the heavyweight division, we need not focus entirely on the best of fighters from this era; studying the careers of heavyweights widely believed to be mediocre, such as John Ruiz, is just as informative. While much of Ruiz's success might be attributed to weak competition, their caginess, defensive prowess and sound technical skills kept them relevant and competitive for over a decade. Great fighter or not, Ruiz put together a career that many would be envious of—he was a two-time world champion with an impressive list of victories (Evander Holyfield, Andrew Golota, Hasim Rahman).
Other than their decision loss to Roy Jones Jr. (2003), Ruiz's biggest claim to fame might be their brutal 1996 knockout loss to David Tua. Tua represents the polar opposite of Ruiz—the wildly overhyped puncher with little substance and skills, who faded into obscurity faster than they rose to stardom. Similar fates befell other big punchers in the division: Lawrence Clay Bey, Davarryl Williamson and Corrie Sanders. All had limited success before descending into mediocrity, their one-dimensionality the culprit.
That fighters like James Toney were able to make legitimate runs at the title during the last decade further highlights how pure boxers, even when past their physical prime, were able to make noise in the heavyweight division. Toney, who began their career as a middleweight, made a fairly easy transition to the heavyweight division using counterpunching, angles and stifling defense, skills that their mostly one-dimensional opponents were unable to deal with. Toney would eventually succumb to younger, more natural heavyweights and poor conditioning, but not before participating competitively in several championship fights.
Current big punchers like Sam Peter and Chris Arreola have attained moderate success. After a TKO loss to Vitali Klitschko and a more recent decision loss to Tomasz Adamek, Arreola seems committed to improving, having recently lost weight and increasing their activity and work rate. Of all the young big punchers, Arreola's career shows the most promise. It will, however, only go as far as their willingness to improve their conditioning and all-around boxing skills.
Perhaps Arreola can look to Sam Peter's career as cautionary tale. For several years, Peter appeared the biggest threat to the reign of the Klitschko brothers. In 2005, Peter lost a decision to Wladimir Klitschko, a fight in which they put Klitschko on the canvas three times and appeared like a menacing, devastating puncher who would make serious waves in the division for years to come. This hasn't quite happened, as Peter has been solved by several opponents (including both Klitschko brothers) and seems to be following the classic downward trend of the big puncher without the defensive skills to stay competitive.
In the face of these findings, what can we conclude? Is the heavyweight boxing in such decline that we'll never see a collection of well-rounded boxers in the division? There are several reasons for hope. For one, the heavyweight division will continue to be dominated in the foreseeable future by the Klitschko brothers, whose balanced attack should set a positive example for upcoming fighters. Additionally, two of the younger elites in the heavyweight division, David Haye and Eddie Chambers, are smaller than most of their opponents and rely on hand speed, agility and sound technical skills just as much as they do one-punch power. Though both have suffered lopsided losses at the hands of Wladimir Klitschko, their mere presence might be indicative of a trend where faster, more technically sound fighters rise through the ranks ahead of their big-punching, one-dimensional counterparts.
What if the heavyweight division becomes home to more technical fighters who don't rely on the knockout punch—would fans lose interest? It is here that the heavyweight division might learn from the recent exploits of welterweight tacticians like Floyd “Money” Mayweather. Their consistently excellent pay-per-view numbers and large fight purses have taught us that, more than the knockout, fans seem to gravitate to excellence, and it is excellence that has been missing from the heavyweight division in recent years. The hope is that the next generation of heavyweights will be as committed to the “sweet science” as generations of old, which would birth a new era in the division, populated by well-rounded boxers who give the fans exciting fights.
A Muslim imam in Turkey has joined with a rock band to bring a message of peace and love to Muslims. Religious authorities are not sure if they like it.
Ahmet Muhsin Tuzer, the Rockin' Imam, sings with their band FiRock during the group's maiden concert in Kas, Turkey. (Photo11: Ahmet Acar) Story Highlights Band melds influences from 13th century Sufi poet Rumi and 1970s Brit rock band
Band is being investigated by religious authorities
A robed imam on staged with a rock band has created a sensation
KAS, Turkey — What do you get when you mix a medieval Sufi poet with one of the greatest '70s rock acts of all time?
A Muslim rock band led by a Turkish imam whose music is an Islamic version of peace and love.
"If I hurt your heart, I believe that I hurt God's heart," says Ahmet Muhsin Tuzer, bedecked in the white robe they wear when leading the faithful to prayer in the tiny village of Pinarbasi near Turkey's Mediterranean coastline. "If we love each other, we will be very happy this life and the next life."
But Tuzer's melding of influences from 13th century Sufi poet Rumi and 1970s rock band Pink Floyd is attracting attention from Turkey's religious establishment, which has been expanding its authority over Turkish society under Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The mufti in charge of the region's mosque confirmed that the Rockin' Imam is being investigated.
"In the (religious affairs directorate) we have certain common values," mufti Ahmet Celik told USA TODAY from their office in the city of Antalya. "(Investigators) are looking into it to see if there's anything against these values."
Tuzer, 42, is an accomplished muezzin — the one who sings the call to prayer — and had earlier been posted in Istanbul's historic Sultanahmet quarter that houses the ancient Ottoman capital with many of its most famous mosques.
Tuzer says they spent the last two years exploring Sufi mysticism and he'd long had an interest in singing, drawing inspiration from the late Freddie Mercury of the British band Queen.
Earlier this year, Tuzer met some veteran rock musicians in the nearby seaside town of Kas, a touristy fishing village where they were born and raised. They decided he'd like to fuse their love of rock music with the beauty contained in Islamic verse and they began to write songs with Dogan Sakin, a guitarist who's played with some of the most well-known musicians in Turkey.
The collaboration begat FiRock, which combines Tuzer's lilting vocals with Sakin's metal guitar riffs. With their long, grey hair and tattooed arms and legs, Sakin looks the part of the veteran rocker. Sakin is not religious but says they believe in the group's message.
"I felt this would be something beautiful directly from the heart," Sakin said. "Without that feeling, I wouldn't be here."
"We could play ney and bende (traditional Turkish instruments) but that wouldn't attract much attention," Sakin said. "It would be too traditional and wouldn't work. But with rock, it's universal."
In the band's first concert in Kas in August, Tuzer took the stage in the long white robe usually reserved for an imam leading prayers. About a thousand people listened to songs that included the band's first recorded single, Mevlaya Gel ("Come to the Creator").
Ahmet Muhsin Tuzer is the imam of a small mosque in the village of Pinarbasi in southern Turkey. By day, they chant the Arabic call to prayer. In the evenings, he's the singer in the band FiRock. (Photo11: Jacob Resneck)
The image of an imam on stage with seasoned rockers created a sensation in Turkey. But not everyone grooved on their musical message. After the show Tuzer says insults and even threats poured in on Twitter and other social media.
"The radical Islamist public, they don't like my music, my stuff because they cannot understand," they said.
But the band could threaten Tuzer's livelihood. In Turkey, imams are employed by the government's religious affairs directorate, which supervises the country's mosques. Soon after news of FiRock broke Tuzer found themselves under investigation by their employer.
Under the law, there are rules about what kind of business imams can engage in outside of their profession as religious figures. Mosque officials are examining whether being in a rock band constitutes a commercial activity.
Meanwhile, the band released its first single and music video on YouTube — getting around 20,000 hits — and is recording its first album.
FiRock's ambition is to show a side of Islam that's often overshadowed by violent Islamist radicals to the detriment of all.
"Islam is peaceful. Islam is respect," Tuzer said. "Islam is moral — and beautifully moral. We want to live like that."
Turkey is a modern society but is polarized between a growing religiously conservative sector that for the past decade have been the power base for Turkey's Islamic-rooted government under Erdoğan.
Some Turks who look westward for their music and fashion feel threatened by recent restrictions on the sale of alcohol and dictates about family size — one of the roots of protests in cities across Turkey over the summer..
Sakin says the band wants to help heal the division in Turkish society.
"Why should we be so polarized? We embrace everybody," they said. "What good is it to be polarized for the rest of our lives?"
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gswgq4
28 May 2016 - by 'Maurits van der Schee'
Oracle sued Google over some alternative implementation of an open source API. Developers world-wide are appalled by this move. Fortunately there is something you can do: Stop using Oracle products! There are plenty alternatives that are a safer choice. This post lists the ones I could find. To avoid that this becomes a long boring one sided rant I will not explain the details of the case, but feel free to look it up: it is nasty.
1. OpenJDK instead of Sun Java
OpenJDK is a free implementation of Java (governed by Oracle).
2. MariaDB instead of AB MySQL
MariaDB is an (Oracle) free fork of MySQL
3. LibreOffice instead of Sun OpenOffice
LibreOffice is an (Oracle) free fork of OpenOffice
4. Illumos instead of Sun Solaris
Illumos is an (Oracle) free implementation of Solaris
5. PostgreSQL instead of Oracle database
PostgreSQL is an (Oracle) free implementation of an Oracle-like DBMS.
6. KVM instead of Innotek Virtualbox
KVM is an (Oracle) free implementation of VM technology for Linux.
7. Jenkins instead of Sun Hudson
Jenkins is an (Oracle) free fork of Hudson.
Freedom matters
I can ensure you that you buy yourself a nice amount of freedom when choosing the above alternatives. Freedom that turns out to be very valuable as Google can now testify. It seems Android is now switching to OpenJDK to avoid any further problems with Oracle. They are probably asking themselves why they didn't make this move earlier, because these run-times are almost 100% compatible and it could have prevented a 9 billion dollar claim.
Oracle is everywhere
And if you are doing business using an Oracle product, check out these alternatives! Even when you don't use Oracle directly, but your company has software built on Java technology you may want to check whether or not you can switch to OpenJDK to run it. Switching to OpenJDK or other (Oracle) free software can be costly in some cases, but not switching may be costly as well, as we can now see in this Oracle vs. Google lawsuit.
Crafted in 1876 by Ellen Harding Baker of Cedar County, Iowa, this embroidered quilt is more than mere folk-art object or household item: it was actually used by Harding Baker as a visual aid for astronomy lectures she'd give in their community. It's now part of the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History.
Advertisement
From the museum's website — the only place to see the quilt at present, since it's not currently on display — here's more about the science-minded artisan (pictured at left) who created this remarkable object:
The maker, Sarah Ellen Harding, was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1847, and married Marion Baker of Cedar County, Iowa, on October 10, 1867. They lived in Cedar County until 1878, and then moved to Johnson County, where Marion had a general merchandise business in Lone Tree. Ellen had seven children before they died of tuberculosis in the spring of 1886. The design of Ellen's striking and unusual quilt resembles illustrations in astronomy books of the period. Ellen used the quilt as a visual aid for lectures they gave on astronomy in the towns of West Branch, Moscow, and Lone Tree, Iowa. Astronomy was an acceptable interest for women in the nineteenth century and was sometimes even fostered in their education.
Advertisement
Detail shot:
H/t Mika McKinnon
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A brave pensioner conned in their own home by a man impersonating a police officer is at the centre of a fundraising appeal to help reclaim some of their lost savings.
The victim was at their home in Tulse Hill on October 22 when two men, posing as police officers, showed them warrant cards.
One entered their home and claimed to be investigating counterfeit banknotes in the area while the other waited outside.
The victim handed over £8,000 in cash to allow the serial numbers to be checked and one of the suspects alleged the money needed to be taken to a police station to be checked.
As the elderly man became suspicious and tried to prevent the man from leaving their home, they were pushed to the floor.
The men fled the scene and no arrests have been made.
Kind-hearted officers from Lambeth police have since set up the "Saving for Stanley" collection to boost the pensioners spirits as Christmas and their birthday approach.
A Go Fund Me page, started by Simon Cracknell on Thursday, has so far raised £565 of its £1,000 target.
The page reads: “Stanley is a lovely elderly gentleman who was recently a victim of a nasty burglary, where they had their savings of £10,000 stolen by a heartless criminal.
“Despite being 83 years old & living alone, Stanley tried to fight the burglar off & was assaulted in the process.
“With the approach of Christmas & Stanley's 84th birthday, we are hoping to give something back to them to keep their cheerful spirit high at this time of the year.
“We're not expecting to recoup all their money lost, but anything that can be spared at this time of giving would be very much appreciated.”
Speaking at the time of the incident, Detective Constable Sinem Sari, from Lambeth CID, said: "The victim is very upset and is wrongly blaming themselves for this incident.
"This is a despicable crime."
To donate, visit www.gofundme.com/esd8a3vp.
CLOSE What's included in Gov. Christie's shutdown of TTF-funded road projects? Wochit
George Benbow, serving an 11-year sentence, will not be eligible for parole until August 2019
George Benbow (Photo: ~Courtesy of NJ Department of Corrections)
PLAINFIELD - A former city pastor has lost the appeal of their conviction and prison sentence after they were found guilty on two counts of sexual assault and four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
George Benbow, 64, the founding pastor of Plainfield's Christian Fellowship Gospel Church, is serving an 11-year sentence at South Woods State Prison in Bridgeton.
Benbow was found guilty of molesting several girls at a summer camp run by their church between 2000 and 2008.
READ: Former Piscataway youth minister sentenced in sex assault
READ: Former Plainfield priest indicted on sex assault charges
Benbow was arrested in 2008 and was found guilty and sentenced four years later.
In a ruling released Thursday, the state appellate court rejected all of Benbow's arguments to overturn the conviction and sentence.
Benbow argued that their sentence was excessive and that Superior Court Judge Stuart Peim committed errors during the trial.
The appellate court found that Peim had not made errors during the trial and the 11-year sentence was not "an abuse of discretion" by the judge.
"Contrary to (Benbow's) argument," the appellate court wrote, "the fact that they molested four children over a period of several years demonstrates a future likelihood of re-offense and there is a strong need to deter defendant from engaging in these offenses in the future."
At a preliminary hearing in Benbow's case, the girls, who were 8 or 9 at the time of the incidents, testified that they induced them to sit on their lap and either held them down or moved under them so they could feel their genitals rubbing against them, court papers said.
Also at the hearing, an adult testified that when confronted about their conduct, Benbow said the girls must have misunderstood what happened. They asserted that what the girls felt must have been their wallet or keys.
There was also testimony at that hearing the incidents took place while other children were nearby.
Benbow's defense focused on the theory that the girls were "suggestible children who either copied each other's allegations or embroidered their recollections based on suggestive questioning by adults," court papers say.
But the jury rejected that defense and found Benbow guilty after five days of deliberations that were interrupted when one juror was excused because of a family emergency.
Staff Writer Mike Deak: 908-243-6607; mdeak@mycentraljhersey.com
Read or Share this story: http://mycj.co/29lMXlf
Rashid has been a popular character for breakout stars in Street Fighter V this season. Kanemori “Gachikun” Tsunehiro — despite being known for their Sagat play in Street Fighter IV — has been one such breakout star. Currently, they sit as the highest-ranked player in the CPT standings without a sponsorship.
Obviously, one can't expect them to remain unsponsored for long — and doubly so, if they perform well at their first Capcom Cup appearance. What are the odds of that happening?
The Wind Always Blows in Your Face
One of the first things you notice about Gachikun is how aggressive their Rashid is. From moment one, they start out with aggression. If you are not prepared for a relentless assault, Gachikun is simply going to shake you to your core.
This would almost seem like a stark contrast from play Street Fighter IV, given their character choices. However, if you look at their Sagat in the game, they put themselves in far more aggressive ranges than Sagat players typically do. Whereas most players would rely on the zoning game and reactionary play from that, Gachikun was prone to playing a solid footsies game on top of the fireball game. They always like to be in your face, within reason — obviously point blank doesn't work with Sagat in SFIV, but it's a range that Rashid thrives in. This character rewards their aggression well, and allows them to win a lot on rattling their opponents who would rather them be further away.
Rolling in the Thick of Things
In their breakout year, Gachikun has put together an impressive string of results. In a matter of seven Premier events, they placed in the top 8 four times, with two second place finishes. All of these strong finishes have put them in a great spot for their seeding at #15, after NuckleDu dropped out.
Further, they have done well off the circuit, with a second-place finish at Red Bull Kumite. They have consistently been near the top of the heap, and their results show that.
The Ceiling
But their consistency is also their sign of having difficulties winning it all. Second place is the best they have done in any event. Even during Esports Festival Hong Kong, Zhi remarked that Daigo said that they struggled against Gachikun, only to beat them twice on the way to the title. They were further toppled by Nemo at Red Bull Kumite, Infiltration at Manila Cup, and Problem X at EGX. They also lost to Yukadon and Fuudo at D3.
Several of these characters show a pattern. With Urien, Guile, and Ibuki, they have the ability to zone them out and keep them away from that range they love to utilize throughout the duration of a round. Even if they aren't able to, they have options to push them off relatively well.
With a character like Bison in Problem X, Bison loves to do the exact things Gachikun likes, but has even better spacing, which makes it more difficult to push them away. This forces Gachikun to be even more careful in their approach, and makes every knockdown difficult to deal with for him. Infiltration's Juri provided much of the same frustration for him, including more mix-ups.
But while these individual matches can make life a veritable hell for Gachikun's Rashid, the problem also stems from within Gachikun. Their limited tournament experience on the international stage has definitely been the empty space in their toolbox, and it will take some time for them to adjust. Doing well in Topanga league is a far different experience than doing well in double-elimination tournaments. He's finding that out, and will need to adapt to this in order to see their stock rise.
Final Thoughts
Gachikun is going to wow some people. Their aggression is something that will blow some people's minds. But the problem is he's facing players who already know this — their first round is against GO1, who will know full well what he'll see from Gachikun.
Western players will be far more taken aback, and for this reason, they stand to possibly make top 8. I just wouldn't place money on them come Grand Finals, if they get that far.
Check out our prior articles in the Capcom Cup 2017 Player Analysis series!
The players involved in the incident were able to take a full part in training on Saturday evening © Getty Images
Four members of the England ODI squad in the United Arab Emirates were fortunate to escape injury when the taxi in which they were travelling was involved in an incident.
Stuart Broad, Jonathan Trott, Kevin Pietersen and Monty Panesar were travelling at around 100kph when the taxi's bonnet suddenly flew up and into the car's windscreen, obscuring the driver's vision.
The driver was able to stop the car safely, however and the players were able to take a full part in training on Saturday evening.
There was some irony in the timing of the incident. The England team management recently declined an invite from officials at Yas Marina Circuit, the venue of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, for the team to be taken around the circuit at speed in Formula One style cars. ECB officials felt such an event was outside the terms of the squad's insurance cover.
The squad trained under the lights of the Sheikh Zayed Stadium, the venue of Monday's opening ODI against Pakistan. Although Jos Buttler batted in the nets, their involvement in Monday's game is looking increasingly unlikely. Buttler required stitches in the webbing of their left hand, after sustaining an injury in Sri Lanka while on England Lions duty. Those stitches remain in place and the injury was due to be inspected by a doctor on Sunday morning.
Ravi Bopara, the 26-year-old Essex batsman, who was excluded for all three Tests, is the most likely beneficiary of Buttler's mishap. Bopara has impressed in the nets and also offers the option of their medium-pace bowling. Alex Hales, the Nottinghamshire batsman who was part of the Lions team, has remained with the senior squad as they are part of the forthcoming Twenty20 unit, but they were not considered for ODI selection.
Kevin Pietersen looked far from their best during the net session and was particularly troubled by the spin of Monty Panesar, Danny Briggs and the former Pakistan leg-spinner Mushtaq Ahmed, who is now England's spin bowling coach. Panesar has remained with the squad in recognition of the frailties against slow bowling that were startlingly evident in a 3-0 Test whitewash against Pakistan.
It was also interesting to note that Dr Mark Bawden, the England team psychologist, had rejoined the squad. Bawden flew home on the eve of the second Test but, perhaps understandably given England's struggles since, the decision was made that they should be recalled.
Tim Bresnan is also back with the squad. Bresnan was forced to fly home before the first Test when it became clear that their right elbow required more treatment following surgery at the start of December. They returned towards the end of the Test series and played their first game for three months on Friday when they were part of the England side that brushed aside the Lions.
Bresnan admitted they were still searching for rhythm, but said they were back up to full pace with the ball and was only wearing padding on their elbow to ensure there was no unnecessary damage should they scrape it in fielding practice.
"It's been a long road back to fitness but I'm available for selection now," Bresnan said. "It's tough watching when you're injured and it was hard to watch the lads trying so hard in the Test series, but things not going their way. It's no fun sitting on the sidelines watching them lose.
"The spirit is still good. They are as strong and together as a team as ever. You win as a team and lose as a team. We're all in the same boat, but now we just have to paddle a little harder.
"We have some fresh faces in this side, but with fresh faces you also have a bit of inexperience so the more they play international cricket, they more they will learn and start churning out performances. They are a talented bunch."
Pakistan, who defeated Afghanistan in an ODI on Friday night, cancelled their training session on Sunday and gave the players a day off. The victory was Pakistan's seventh in succession in ODI cricket and their 13th in 14 ODIs. England, by contrast, have lost five in succession and 14 of their last 20 played outside the UK.
George Dobell is a senior correspondent at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Set photos from ‘THOR: THE DARK WORLD'
Set photos from the England set of Thor: The Dark World have emerged online–via Comic Book Movie and Just Jared–and if the photos are any indication of how the tempo and feel of the actual film will be, we are in for an epic sequel from the God of Thunder. Check out the photos below, which also feature Jaimie Alexander returning as Sif, and the official plot description for the film.
Thor: The Dark World hits theaters November 8th, 2013.
Exploring Thor's relationship with the Asgardian all-father Odin, as well earthbound companion Jane Foster, “Thor: The Dark World” follows the God of Thunder to The Nine Realms beyond Asgard and earth. And as their evil half-brother, Loki, returns for Asgardian justice, a new threat rises. Also rejoining Thor are their fellow Asgardians, Lady Sif, gatekeeper Heimdall and Warriors Three, as they encounter mythical Norse creatures among evildoers.
.
Columnist
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has often been the silent man in the Trump foreign policy team. But out of the spotlight, they appear to be crafting a broad strategy aimed at working with China to resolve the North Korea crisis and with Russia to stabilize Syria and Ukraine.
The Tillerson approach focuses on personal diplomacy, in direct contacts with Chinese and Russian leaders, and through private channels to North Korea. Their core strategic assumption is that if the United States can subtly manage its relations with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin — and allow those leaders to take credit for successes — complex regional problems can be solved effectively.
Tillerson appears unfazed by criticism that they have been a poor communicator and by recent talk of discord with President Trump. Their attitude isn't exactly "take this job and shove it," but as a former ExxonMobil chief executive, they don't need to make money or Washington friends — and they clearly think they have more urgent obligations than dealing with the press.
Tillerson appears to have preserved a working relationship with Trump despite pointedly separating themselves from the president's controversial comments after the Charlottesville unrest. Although Trump didn't initially like Tillerson's statement, it's said they were ultimately comfortable with it.
The North Korea crisis is the best example of Tillerson's diplomacy. For all the bombast of Trump's tweets, the core of U.S. policy has been an effort to work jointly with China to reverse the North Korean nuclear buildup through negotiations. Tillerson has signaled that the United States is ready for direct talks with Kim Jong-un's regime — perhaps soon, if Kim shows restraint. Tillerson wants China standing behind Kim at the negotiating table, with its hands figuratively at Kim's throat.
Despite Pyongyang's hyper-belligerent rhetoric, its representatives have conveyed interest in negotiations, querying details of U.S. positions. But Kim's actions have been erratic and confusing: When it appeared that the North Koreans wanted credit for not launching missiles toward Guam, Tillerson offered such a public statement. Bizarrely, North Korea followed with three more weapons tests, in a reckless rebuff.
Some analysts see North Korea's race to test missiles and bombs as an effort to prepare the strongest possible bargaining position before negotiations. Tillerson seems to be betting that China can force such talks by imposing an oil embargo against Pyongyang. U.S. officials hope Xi will make this move unilaterally, demonstrating strong leadership publicly, rather than waiting for the United States to insert the embargo proposal in a new U.N. Security Council resolution.
Tillerson signaled their seriousness about Korea talks during a March visit to the Demilitarized Zone. They pointed to a table at a U.N. office there and remarked, "Maybe we'll use this again," if negotiations begin.
The Sino-American strategic dialogue about North Korea has been far more extensive than either country acknowledges. They've discussed joint efforts to stabilize the Korean Peninsula, including Chinese actions to secure nuclear weapons if the regime collapses.
The big idea driving Tillerson's China policy is that the fundamentals of the relationship have changed as China has grown more powerful and assertive. The message to Beijing is that Xi's actions in defusing the North Korea crisis will shape U.S.-China relations for the next half-century.
Tillerson continues to work the Russia file, even amid new Russia sanctions. They have known Putin since 1999 and views them as a predictable, if sometimes bullying, leader. Even with the relationship in the dumps, Tillerson believes he's making some quiet progress on Ukraine and Syria.
On Ukraine, Tillerson supports Russia's proposal to send U.N. peacekeepers to police what Putin claims are Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's assaults on Russian-backed forces in eastern Ukraine. The addition of U.N. monitors would help implement the Minsk agreement, even if Putin gets the credit and Poroshenko the blame.
On Syria, Tillerson has warned Putin that the real danger to Russian interests is increasing Iranian power there, especially as Bashar al-Assad's regime regains control of Deir al-Zour in eastern Syria. To counter the Iranians, Tillerson supports a quick move by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces to capture the lower Euphrates Valley.
Trump's boisterous, sometimes belligerent manner and Tillerson's reticence are an unlikely combination, and many observers have doubted the relationship can last. But Tillerson seems to roll with the punches — and tweets. When Trump makes a disruptive comment, Tillerson seems to treat it as part of the policy landscape — and ponder how to use it to advantage.
Tillerson may be the least public chief diplomat in modern U.S. history, but that's apparently by choice. By Washington standards, he's strangely uninterested in taking the credit.
Read more from David Ignatius's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson (left). Getty/Alex Wong On Thursday, AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson spent an hour in Trump Tower, the day after President-elect Donald Trump trashed CNN, which AT&T wants to buy as part of its proposed $85 billion merger with Time Warner.
Trump is said to still oppose the deal, which they slammed on the campaign trail.
Trump's negative view of the merger comes "partly from their frustration with CNN, which is owned by Time Warner," according to Bloomberg.
That negative view seems to only have intensified since CNN reported on an unverified dossier of Trump that included allegations that they were compromised by Russian intelligence agents.
At a press conference Wednesday, Trump refused to take a question from CNN's Jim Acosta.
"Not you. Not you," Trump said. "Your organization is terrible. Your organization is terrible. Quiet, quiet. She's asking a question, don't be rude."
"Since you're attacking our news organization, can you give us a question?" Acosta asked in response.
"I'm not going to give you a question. You're fake news," Trump replied, though they did, later, take a question from a different CNN reporter.
Trump's power
As president, Trump will not have the authority to kill the merger of AT&T and Time Warner himself.
There are two potential government groups that might have a say in whether the deal goes through: the FCC and the Department of Justice (DOJ).
The FCC is the bigger threat, since it has a broad mandate to kill mergers it thinks aren't in the "public interest," and can also put restrictions on the merger. The DOJ, on the other hand, has to actually prove the deal is anti-competitive, which is a taller order.
However, AT&T believes the merger won't be under the jurisdiction of the Federal Communications Commission. In November, AT&T outlined the case to Wall Street at RBC's Technology, Internet, Media and Telecommunications Conference in New York.
"The only scenario in which the FCC would have jurisdiction is if Time Warner transfers certain broadcast licenses to AT&T," wrote RBC analyst Jonathan Atkin, who viewed the presentation by AT&T's Chris Womack and Michael Black. And in a regulatory filing last week, Time Warner confirmed that it doesn't need to do so.
In the filing, Time Warner said it "will not need to transfer any of its FCC licenses to AT&T in order to continue to conduct its business operations after the closing," according to Reuters. Under to purvey of the FCC, Time Warner only has WPCH-TV, a broadcast station, and a few smaller licenses, Reuters reports.
"The company believes these licenses ... can be offloaded easily," Atkin wrote in November, after viewing the AT&T presentation.
That would leave only the DOJ, and so the fate of the deal might rest in Jeff Sessions, Trump's nominee for attorney general, and the antitrust tone they set if their nomination is approved.
On the campaign trail, Trump railed against the merger. "As an example of the power structure I'm fighting, AT&T is buying Time Warner and thus CNN — a deal we will not approve in my administration because it's too much concentration of power in the hands of too few," Trump said in a speech in October.
If the DOJ can prove that this concentration of power is anticompetitive, the merger could die on the vine.
Update: AT&T has issued a statement saying that, in the meeting between Trump and Stephenson, the merger "was not a topic of discussion."
The new interim chief of staff for the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) reportedly ordered employees in 2014 not to disclose information about secret wait lists to members of Congress.
The VA released a statement Friday listing Vivieca Wright-Simpson as the interim chief of staff effective Sunday. Wright-Simpson has filled numerous senior roles in the department, played an important part in transforming the Veterans Health Administration and is a “trusted leader with a commitment for serving Veterans,” according to the press release.
What the press release neglected to mention, however, is that Wright-Simpson was instrumental in blocking an investigation initiated by two Pennsylvanian members of congress, who wanted to know more about veterans waiting years for health care appointments at the Pittsburgh VA.
According to a 2014 report by CNN, GOP Rep. Tim Murphy and Democratic Rep. Mike Doyle felt like the VA was running interference to prevent them from getting answers to their queries on wait lists.
In the midst of the 2014 wait list crisis, Murphy received a call from the Pittsburgh VA deputy director David Cord, who assured them that the facility had passed an audit with “flying colors.”
Murphy didn't believe Cord and decided to get in touch with Doyle, who said that they heard a completely different story from Pittsburgh Healthcare System Director Terry Gerigk Wolf.
It turns out that Wolf had told Doyle that were as many as 700 veterans on a wait list. Several of these veterans languishing on the list had been waiting years for an initial appointment.
Wolf added that they knew about the list for at least three weeks but was instructed by Veterans Integrated Service Network 4 Director Gary Devansky not to discuss the matter with members of Congress. They were afraid of being fired for disclosing the information.
Devansky received their instructions from none other than Vivieca Wright-Simpson, who at the time served as VHA director of network support.
Then-chairperson of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs Rep. Jeff Miller blasted the VA for trying to hide suppress the wait list investigation.
“Interfering with Congress' constitutionally mandated oversight responsibility is not just wrong, it's against the law,” Miller said. “Right now acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson needs to immediately send a clear and powerful message that criminal behavior will not be tolerated within VA's ranks. The only way to do this is by immediately firing anyone who directed VA officials not to speak with members of Congress.”
However, the VA told TheDCNF that Wright-Simpson simply wanted to make sure the information provided to members of Congress was accurate.
“In June 2014, Ms. Vivieca Wright-Simpson, then-Veterans Health Administration Director of Network Support, acted to ensure correct information was provided to Congress,” acting deputy assistant secretary for the VA public affairs James Hutton told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “Some information required validation and, as a result, delivery to Congress had to be briefly delayed for the validation of the information to be completed. Once the information was validated it was delivered.”
“She remains a dedicated public servant focused on modernizing VA and implementing change in order for our Veterans to get the care and benefits they deserve,” Hutton added.
Part of the reason members of Congress were likely suspicious about VA assurances is because the Pittsburgh VA had suffered from outbreaks of Legionnaire's Disease in the past in 2011 and 2012, which resulted in the deaths of at least six veterans. The VA did not warn patients about the prospect of Legionnaire's Disease, despite knowing for more than a year that it had an outbreak on its hands. Although VA officials tried to tell members of Congress that the issue was equipment-related, internal memos and emails reported on by CBS revealed that employees knew human error was responsible.
Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter
Send tips to jonah@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
BOSTON - Plucking a couple of faces in baseball caps out of a swarming crowd, the FBI zeroed in on two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing and shared surveillance-camera images of them with the world Thursday in hopes the public will help hunt them down.
The somewhat blurry but still detailed photos and video depict one young man in a dark cap and another in a white cap worn backward, both wearing backpacks and one walking behind the other on the sidewalk near the finish line as marathoners run by.
The man in the white hat was seen setting down a backpack at the site of the second explosion, said Richard DesLauriers, FBI agent in charge in Boston.
"Somebody out there knows these individuals as friends, neighbors, co-workers or family members of the suspects," they said. "Though it may be difficult, the nation is counting on those with information to come forward and provide it to us."
They looked much like typical college students, but DesLauriers described them as armed and extremely dangerous, and urged anyone who sees or knows them to tell law enforcement and "do not take any action on your own."
The break in the investigation came just three days after the attack that killed three people, tore off limbs and raised the specter of another terrorist attack on U.S. soil. FBI photo-analysis specialists have been analyzing a mountain of surveillance footage and amateur pictures and video for clues to who carried out the attack and why.
The volume of information is likely to grow, joined now by a torrent of tips from people who think they might know the suspects. In releasing the images, the FBI gambled that useful clues will emerge, not just time-wasting leads.
Authorities are selective in putting out images of suspects because doing so risks tipping off the hunted and losing the element of surprise. But it can be a last resort when authorities hit a wall trying to identify or capture someone.
Within moments of the announcement, the FBI website crashed, perhaps because of a crush of visitors.
The images were released hours after President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama attended an interfaith service at a Roman Catholic cathedral in Boston to remember the dead and the more than 180 wounded in the twin blasts Monday at the finish line of the 26.2-mile race.
The FBI video is a compilation of segments, altogether about 30 seconds long. The planting of the backpack, as described by authorities, was not part of the footage made public.
The man in the dark hat was dubbed Suspect 1 by the FBI and appeared to be wearing sunglasses. The other, in the white hat, was labeled Suspect 2. Both appeared to be wearing dark jackets. The FBI did not comment on the men's height, weight or age range and would not discuss their ethnicity.
"It would be inappropriate to comment on the ethnicity of the men because it could lead people down the wrong path potentially," said FBI agent Greg Comcowich, a spokesperson for the Boston FBI office.
The enlarged pictures of white-hatted Suspect 2 in profile and head-on were blurry but still remarkable in their detail — and more revealing than those of Suspect 1.
While authorities said the information on the men began coming together over the previous day or so, agent Daniel Curtin said the FBI did not release the photos earlier because "it's important to get it right."
Distribution of the images brought both encouragement and unease to some Bostonians.
Jennifer Lauro of Topsfield, Mass., worried that the photos might breed fear and suspicion.
"It just looks like a college kid, so I think that's going to make people feel vulnerable," they said. "Because it could be anybody. It looks like any kid from Boston College or Boston University or any other school."
Judy and Marc Ehrlich watched the marathon from a spot between miles 25 and 26 on Monday and felt the ground shake when the bombs exploded. The couple said it was creepy to see images of the suspects who were there at the same time, walking around. But they were comforted that the FBI had come up with suspects.
"Unless they kill themselves, they're going to get found," Marc Ehrlich said. They added: "There's nowhere in the world to hide."
James Kallstrom, who headed the FBI office in New York City in the 1990s, said "you get a million phone calls" when the public is asked for help. But "that's why you have 1,000 people working for you."
"The key is to have a good filtering system. There's going to be a whole bunch of these things you just disregard," they said.
At the Cathedral of the Holy Cross earlier in the day, Obama saluted the resolve of the people of Boston and mocked the bombers as "these small, stunted individuals who would destroy instead of build and think somehow that makes them important."
"We will find you," they warned.
CARACAS (Reuters) - A senior U.S. diplomat on Monday met with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro as part of an effort to support dialogue between the government and the opposition amid an escalating political standoff and a worsening economic crisis.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (R) shakes hands with U.S. diplomat Thomas Shannon in Caracas, Venezuela October 31, 2016. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
The arrival of Tom Shannon, U.S. Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs and an expert on Latin America, may help spur negotiations between the two sides, which over the years have repeatedly held talks that generated few concrete results.
Venezuelan state television briefly showed images of Shannon shaking hands with Maduro and speaking informally with other ruling Socialist Party officials in the Miraflores presidential palace.
“I had a good conversation with Thomas Shannon. We spoke about bilateral relations, among other issues,” Maduro said on Monday in comments broadcast on state television.
“It's good news for Venezuela that we achieved this dialogue process and that it started out well.”The United States has for more than a decade been at ideological loggerheads with Venezuela's socialist government.
Maduro and opposition leaders agreed to move ahead in talks that were organized with support from the Vatican following a meeting that began Sunday evening and stretched into dawn on Monday.
Maduro's adversaries accuse them of creating a dictatorship by blocking a recall referendum on their rule and of illegally overriding the legislature, which was taken over by the opposition in a landslide election last year.
The opposition insists the government allow a recall referendum on the unpopular Maduro's rule, release dozens of jailed opposition activists and respect congressional decisions.
SEASONED DIPLOMAT
Maduro, who is struggling to control shortages of consumer goods and soaring prices in an unraveling socialist economy, says they are a victim of opposition conspiracies to overthrow them and of an “economic war” led by businesses with the backing of Washington.
Shannon has in recent years worked to ease long-running tensions between Caracas and Washington.
They helped contain fallout from U.S. sanctions against Venezuelan officials in 2015, and last year spearheaded an effort to create informal channels of communication between the State Department and top Venezuelan officials.
The United States has stepped up diplomatic efforts with Venezuela since 2014, when U.S. President Barack Obama put in motion a process of restoring relations with communist-run Cuba after more than 50 years of economic embargo.
Shannon faces a difficult situation in Venezuela, where the two sides show few signs of agreement on a path forward and have repeatedly failed to reach consensus through bilateral talks.
Jesus Torrealba, head of the opposition coalition, said early Monday that dialogue cannot continue without “concrete and immediate action in the coming days with respect to the release of political prisoners.”
Four major opposition parties have joined the talks. The influential Popular Will party, led by jailed former mayor Leopoldo Lopez, did not join, insisting the government had not shown enough respect for human rights.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro attends a political meeting between government and opposition in Caracas, Venezuela October 30, 2016. REUTERS/Marco Bello
The two sides will create four commissions to continue discussing specific issues.
Venezuela's Congress is currently conducting a largely symbolic trial of Maduro to declare them politically responsible for the country's crisis and formally declare that they have violated democratic principles.
The opposition is also scheduled to march to the presidential palace this week, following massive demonstrations last week and a national strike on Friday that was only partially observed even by government critics.
The first time I interview Mark Singer it's the Tuesday after the Republican national convention, which culminated with a Donald Trump speech Singer accurately describes as “scripted insanity”. Things feel pretty bleak. Trump's candidacy, says Singer, is “the most cynical and truly sad thing that's ever happened in my life in this country, and I've lived through assassinations and terrible wars, but that it has led to this – it's a mixture of every awful emotion. If we elect this man it's the end of a lot of things, I just don't know how that happens. With a whimper perhaps – I hope not a bang.”
Born in 1950, Singer has been a writer for the New Yorker since 1974 (“There was no reason to leave,” they tell me as we sit outside a café near their home on Manhattan's Upper East Side). In 1996, their then editor Tina Brown commissioned them to write a profile of Trump with the words “He's totally full of shit, you'll love him!” After months getting a full immersion into Trump's world, one highlight being a ludicrous meeting between Trump and Aleksandr Lebed, in which Trump proudly showed the Russian general and Kremlin fixer a shoe he'd been given by Shaquille O'Neal – Singer wrote a 10,000-word profile that nailed the narcissism, superficiality and cynicism with which the world is now so alarmingly familiar. It concluded that Trump had “aspired to and achieved the ultimate luxury, an existence unmolested by the rumbling of a soul”.
Trump and Me by Mark Singer review – a lot of laughs but then horror Read more
Naturally, Trump didn't appreciate Singer's efforts, attacking them in their book Trump: the Art of the Comeback, in a letter to the New York Times (“he was not born with great writing ability”), and finally in an irate missive that read: “Mark, you are a total loser! And your book (and writings) sucks!”
These last two sentences are proudly printed on the back of Singer's new book Trump and Me, which revisits their profile in the light of Trump's presidential campaign. Given Singer's probing wit and Trump's essential ridiculousness, it is very funny, though the implications of a Trump presidency seem increasingly less amusing in the light of the hatred they have unleashed. “I am afraid. Everybody I know is afraid,” Singer says. “If Hillary Clinton wins, listening to the sigh of relief just on this island, we might have a carbon dioxide overload crisis. You'll see these trees shooting up.”
Singer says that Trump is “the most unapologetic … there has to be a word stronger than hypocrite, there really does.”  They are despairing that some voters – stoked by the email scandal and the WikiLeaks revelations about their attempts to undermine Bernie Sanders – think Hillary Clinton is more dishonest than Trump. This, they say, “is what really makes you want to blow your brains out. It makes you want to go back and find patient zero and think, when was the moment where we stopped being willing to fund public education in this country, that it became so egregious that we no longer could have people who understood the constitution, the checks and balances? Trump says: ‘I love the ill-educated.' You bet they do.”
Singer blames Fox News and the web for what seems to be a growing disregard for the truth, but also acknowledges that widening inequality, leaving a large swathe of Americans essentially abandoned by the two main parties, has helped account for Trump's rise – along with “the haters”, racists and xenophobes excited by these promises to keep Mexicans and Muslims out of America.
Nevertheless, they can't bring themselves to picture Trump actually being elected. “Imagine November 9, 2016. You wake up and there it is in the newspaper, Donald Trump has been elected president. He's not going to institute martial law yet, he's not going to abridge the first amendment just yet, he's not going to seal the borders – they can't do anything until January 20. This will be the beginning of a series of anni horobili that we've never seen.”
Singer cites a recent obituary of a friend's aunt, which concluded: “Died of complications of congestive heart failure and the 2016 presidential election.” Like her, they say, “I think that you're going to see a lot of people who've been hanging on, letting go. I believe that. And a lot of them are going to be envied.”
‘Trump in their quintessence'
Just a week later, however, things look very different. Trump is plunging in the polls, largely thanks to their typically impetuous and politically suicidal decision to attack Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the parents of US army captain Humayun Khan, who was killed in the Iraq war. “You have sacrificed nothing,” Khan said of Trump in their speech at the DNC, a line devastating because it is so self-evidently true, and one to which Trump was stupid enough to respond, telling ABC: “I think I've made a lot of sacrifices.”
“That almost made me embarrassed for humanity,” says Singer when I call them a few days after Trump's car-crash performance. “I don't really lump myself in the same humanity that possibly they belong to.”
Singer says the Khan episode “showed Donald Trump in their quintessence”. Even the rightwing political commentator Bill O'Reilly, they say, “who's a bomb thrower”, told Trump on their Fox show that you don't attack a gold-star mother. “Trump is saying: ‘Well yeah, but' – and then they say, as plain as day, ‘I didn't attack her.' And right after they say that they say: ‘I was viciously attacked.' This demonstrates as plainly as anything that he's a person who lies reflexively.”
Now Trump seems to be flailing. “He's shocked,” Singer says. “He's in a tailspin because their ego is constructed in a way that does not brook any kind of disagreement. They have their own party telling him, ‘Dude, shut the fuck up. Do not go there.' These are people like Rudy Guiliani and Newt Gingrich, this is not Nancy Pelosi, OK? They hear them, they go out and the next day does it again.”
This reckless behaviour has had many commentators wondering whether Trump is suffering from a mental illness. Last week, Singer participated in an extraordinary discussion on MSNBC's The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell with Dr George Simon, a psychologist described on their website as “the leading expert on manipulators and other disturbed characters”. To be diagnosed with a narcissistic personality disorder, you need to exhibit five of around a dozen symptoms on a checklist, such as “Has a grandiose sense of self-importance” and “lacks empathy”. However, the entire list seemed to apply to Trump.
“His mental illness is now the conversation,” Singer says. There are tricky ethical issues around such a long-distance diagnosis – not least, they say, the fact that comparing them to Trump may further stigmatize sufferers. “It's extremely unfair to people who have various mental illnesses.”
Singer says that even mental illness can't entirely account for Trump's behaviour. “You can't believe that this is somebody capable of this degree of obtuseness, obliviousness, total absence of self-awareness and cruelty. This combination. Since you and I spoke the other day, that has blown open and he's really done. So now the headlines are, what's the party going to do? They've got to do something. They're almost conceding the election now, two weeks after their convention!” Singer even made a bet last Monday with Jane Mayer, a New Yorker colleague, that Trump would be gone in two weeks. “The wheels are starting to come off so dramatically and you can feel it.”
Given their plunging popularity, Singer says it's no surprise that Trump is now claiming that the election will be rigged. “It's in the book,” they point out. “The thing that he's dreaded most in their life is being labeled a loser. So they have to have an explanation for that.”
In the shorter term, Singer says, Trump's next big challenge will be the debates – or more specially, how they can avoid them. As Trump has demonstrated many times, for instance recently claiming that Russia would not invade Ukraine, when Russian soldiers occupied Crimea over two years ago, when it comes to events beyond America's borders they are profoundly ignorant. “Exactly right,” Singer says. “By choice and temperament both. And this is a person who brags: ‘I know more about Isis than the generals.' This party has this quote on record when they nominated him. Guess who I don't have a whole lot of sympathy for? It's game over.” Given the warp speed at which the news has moved this year however, Singer rows back: “That is the kind of stuff that is so dangerous to say I should bite my tongue.”
Trump, says Singer, is the most transparent politician there has ever been: “He's only out for himself, in every way, in every gesture.” One of the reasons for publishing their book, they say, was in disgust at the way journalists indulged Trump's race for the presidency because it was good for ratings and traffic. “This notion of false equivalency is not something that journalists have figured out, but it wasn't even that with Trump, it was just the celebrity and [him] using up all the oxygen. But I knew that Trump had no intention of winning, it was obvious – and here we are.”
As for many Americans, the Trump candidacy has been a draining experience for Singer. No one can turn away, Singer least of all. “I just sat here and I was watching MSNBC last night until 11 o'clock and I realized, I am now an addict. I'm totally a junkie and I really need to have an intervention of my own, I'm afraid.”
That sets them off on another Trumpian train of thought – those in the Republican party who think they can perform some kind of intervention. “This idea of doing an intervention with Trump is hilarious to me. These might be the last optimists in America.” You can't treat people like Trump, they say. “They're incurable.”
The Portland Thorns have sold out their final regular season home game of the season against the Washington Spirit on August 30.
Kickoff is set for 6:30 p.m. and the game will be broadcast nationally on FOX Sports 1.
This is the Thorns' second sellout of the season. The Thorns' first sellout in team history came on July 22 when Portland faced the Seattle Reign at Providence Park in front of a sold out crowd of 21,144.
The sold-out crowd is the second-largest, stand-alone crowd in the history of women's professional soccer in the United States, ranking behind the inaugural match of the Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA) between the Bay Area CyberRays and Washington Freedom on April 14, 2001, at RFK Stadium in Washington, D.C.
The Thorns have led the National Women's Soccer League in attendance since the inaugural 2013 season. The Thorns averaged more than 13,000 fans in their first two seasons and have boosted that average to 15,027 fans through the club's first nine home games this year.
-- Jamie Goldberg | jgoldberg@oregonian.com
503-853-3761 | @jamiebgoldberg
Costa Rica News – Let's see how many ways that the USA wants to meddle in other people's business. So many people are leaving the USA as they want to get away from the US government and start a new life. While I am not saying that people should not pay their taxes, it just amazes me how far Big Brother's reach truly is. Is this for Sportsbooks or people? Probably a combination of both. All Sportsbooks are going to do is move their banking currency to Bitcoins to get away from paying taxes to the US government.
The United States has signed agreements with the Cayman Islands and Costa Rica to help those countries' banks comply with an anti-tax evasion law starting next year, the Treasury Department said on Friday.
The deals are part of the US effort to enforce the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), which was enacted in 2010 and is set to take effect in July 2014. FATCA requires foreign financial institutions to tell the US Internal Revenue Service about Americans' offshore accounts worth more than $50,000. It was enacted after a Swiss banking scandal showed that 17,000 US taxpayers had hidden substantial fortunes overseas. On Thursday a former UBS banker, Raoul Weil, agreed to be extradited to the US to face charges arising from that scandal.
With these two deals, both signed this week, the Treasury has now finished 12 FATCA “intergovernmental agreements” (IGAs), which help countries' financial institutions comply with the law.
The FATCA agreement with the Cayman Islands was initially agreed to in August. The island territory of 53,000 people has no income tax and is frequently labelled as a tax haven by critics. It is one of the world's most popular destinations for investment funds to organise for tax purposes.
Costa Rica was one of three Central American countries the Organisation for Economic Development and Co-operation (OECD) has tagged as a tax haven. Panama and Belize were the other two. Significantly, the Costa Rica deal is reciprocal, meaning the Costa Rican government can get tax information about its citizens with assets in the United States.
The trading of financial information, though not part of the Cayman Islands deal but included in many of the other 11 FATCA agreements, has rankled US banks. In April, the Texas Bankers Association and the Florida Bankers Association, both industry groups, filed a lawsuit attempting to block a Treasury Department rule that would allow the IRS to send certain bank account information to foreign governments.
The case, filed in the US district court for the District of Columbia, is awaiting a judge's ruling on whether the bankers' associations have standing.
Reuters in Washington, Edited by Dan Stevens
Paris is 'like a warzone,' a witness told MailOnline who said they were terrified
Extended attack not attended by police despite police station next door
A young woman screamed helplessly as they were set upon by a violent gang in the centre of tourist Paris today.
They were repeatedly punched and kicked in the head and upper body as around 15 mainly men surrounded her, knocking them to the ground.
The terrifying attack, which was captured on video, took place within sight of Notre Dame Cathedral, and less than half-a-mile from the Louvre museum.
Horrific screams: The girl (circled), who had attended a rap concert, got caught up in the violent mob
The woman – who has not been identified – was with a group of friends who attended a rap gig on a street close to Rue de Rivoli, the equivalent of London's Oxford Street in Paris
State of Emergency: One video shows a man who was knocked unconscious by another gang staggering away from the scene of the crime with a head wound
Police were nowhere to be seen, as the savagery continued until the early hours of this morning, with others reporting muggings and gratuitous assaults.
Another video obtained by Mail Online shows a man who was knocked unconscious by another gang staggering away from the scene of the crime with a head wound.
This is despite France officially being under a ‘State of Emergency' following the terrorist attacks in which up to 150 people were murdered in Paris last year.
The arrival of thousands of football fans, including many from the UK, as well as ‘ultra' hooligans from countries like Russia for Euro 2016 is also meant to have improved security.'
But this did not stop the marauding mobs carrying out their assaults unchallenged.
‘It's one of the most terrifying situations I've ever experienced in my life,' said a 42-year-old Englishman who asked not to be identified by name.
At around 1am the woman (circled) and a group of friends is walking in front of an entrance to Chatelet Metro Station, when the violence exploded around them
A crowd of some 1,000 people congregated outside a Caribbean restaurant, where giant speakers and a small stage were set up, but the atmosphere soon turned ugly
‘Gangs of youths had the freedom of the streets to attack and steal from anyone they wanted. Paris is no longer a safe tourist city – it's like a warzone.'
It all took place during the 35th annual ‘Fete de la Musique' (Music Party), an event that is meant to be celebration of the arts, with hundreds of thousands taking to the street.
Anne Hidalgo, the Socialist mayor of Paris, and President Francois Hollande are among those who regularly show off the event as a ‘celebration of Paris life'.
Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister, even said this year's Party was ‘the best response to terrorism', arguing that people should go out and enjoy themselves, in defiance of threats of violence.
The arrival of thousands of football fans, including many from the UK, as well as ‘ultra' hooligans from countries like Russia for Euro 2016 is also meant to have improved security'. Above, a man with a head wound
The mob violence is particularly embarrassing for Mr Hollande and Ms Hidalgo, who have pledged to make Paris a safe city again, following the attack by Islamic State suicide bombers brandishing Kalashnikovs
The annual music party is supposed to be a celebration of the art as hundreds of thousands take to the streets. Above a man in a white T-shirt and black backpack tries to help those caught up in the trouble
But the attack on the woman – who has not been identified – paints a very different picture.
They were with a group of friends who attended a rap gig on a street close to Rue de Rivoli, the equivalent of London's Oxford Street in Paris.
A crowd of some 1,000 people congregated outside a Caribbean restaurant, where giant speakers and a small stage were set up.
But trouble started almost immediately, when a man was set upon by a gang early in the evening, and knocked unconscious.
Video shows them being helped up by other members of the crowd, before they stagger away with a head wound.
The ugly atmosphere grew, as revelers openly smoked cannabis, and drank bottles of beer from nearby supermarkets.
There is a police station close next to Les Halles shopping centre, next door to where the attacks happened, but not a single officer appeared to deal with the trouble.
A gang of Marseille youths launched an unprovoked attack on England supporters earlier this month. A chair was thrown through the air as violence overshadow England's opening match of the Euro 2016 tournament
The carnage in the city saw Russian, French and English fans battling each other in the streets of Marseille
English fans retaliated and threw chairs back at the local hooligans before riot police arrived
At around 1am, the woman and a group of friends is walking in front of an entrance to Chatelet Metro Station, when the violence exploded around them.
‘A gang wearing tracksuits and hoodies began fighting, and the woman and their friends were right at the centre of the chaos,' said another British witness.
‘The screams were blood-curdling, especially as the police had pretty much given up for the evening.
‘A young man in an orange tracksuit top seemed to be one of the ringleaders. They were kicking and punching all the time.'
The woman, who is wearing a black top and jeans, is initially seen at the centre of the gang, who appear to be stamping on her, and throwing punches.
When they are first punched, one of their friends take revenge, punching the person who hit them Fist fights then break out all around them
The woman then gets up, and tries to get away, but then apparently returns to help a friend. It is then that they fall to the floor again, and is again left in a crumpled heap as the kicks and punches pour down.
Tear gas: One Polish fan described the shocking scenes as 'absolute chaos'. Water cannons were used on rioting football fans from Poland and Ukraine as fighting broke out before their Euro 2016 match in Marseille
Drunken English fans were also captured hurling bottles at police and other fans during the violent clashes in the Old Port district of Marseille earlier this month
Riots: It comes as Marseille authorities deployed 1,000 police and 200 private security agents for the match. A surveillance helicopter hovered over the fan zone close to the stadium
A man in a white T-shirt and a backpack could also be seen in the video, trying to help those caught up in the trouble.
They push some of the worst aggressors away, before helping the woman to their feet.
Police at the Les Halles station today said they ‘knew absolutely nothing' about the gang attack, and urged ‘witnesses to come forward'.
The mob violence is particularly embarrassing for Mr Hollande and Ms Hidalgo, who have pledged to make Paris a safe city again, following the attack by Islamic State suicide bombers brandishing Kalashnikovs.
By: Jay Dyer
Bilderberg 2014 is coming up – are you excited? I know I am. One reason I'm excited is those of us who have written and exposed these types of events for years aren't mocked and ferociously opposed like we used to be. Although I've only written about these topics for about 8 years, I had been vocal about them since age 18. I should add as well that I am a late bloomer compared to writers like Jim Tucker and Daniel Estulin, who have been there all along exposing Bilderberg. In that span of time, the Internet has increased awareness of these international corporate syndicalist entities far more than I would have ever expected. Another reason I'm excited is the intel coming out of Bilderberg, which appears to be more worry about losing grip on the “unipolar” world they once had, as knowledge of their existence expands and as other big players like Russia (no longer welcome at the annual meetings) begin to question the sanity of having a single global technocracy try to rewrite all existence.
In fact, my college professors mocked me for bringing up Bilderberg over the years, but now, Bilderberg is something that has been forced into mainstream news. The mainstream so-called news for years would ridicule and laugh about anyone who dared mention the words, as did most of the faux conservative and liberal talk radio hosts. While the ping-pong of gobbledygook back and forth on inane nonsense topics continues, Bilderberg will reportedly meet in Copenhagen, Denmark this Thursday at the Marriot Hotel or at another lesser-known secret location, Kokkedal Castle. Before delving into the plans this year, let us review our notes from last year, as the focus was transhumanism, surveillance and the passing of the torch to the acolytes of the tech industries. As I explained last year:
“Intelligence expert Stephen Dorrill writes about Bilderberg in their MI6 as follows: “In an effort to cement western co-operation in the midst of the Cold War, the first Bilderberg conference was held in May in the small Dutch town of Oosterbeck at the hotel of “Bilderberg,” from which the meeting took its name. It was seen as an opportunity for shapers of opinion among elite groups in Europe to speak with one voice to their counterparts in the United States, who feared differences over European integration and Eastern Europe would create misunderstandings. Funding came courtesy of the Dutch government and the CIA…” (MI6, pg 508) Dorrill's book can hardly be called “conspirtatorial.” It is a standard treatise, though critical, of MI6 and British Intelligence. Dorrill's mainstream work was explaining Bilderberg's purpose years ago, as did Rockefeller's Memoirs, all the while the Idiocracy media parroting the lie that no such entity exists. In fact, Bilderberg was instrumental in founding the EU and the Euro, so that it is irrelevant is absurd.”
And,
“Bilderberg is therefore a manifestation of the world government written about in Tragedy and Hope by Dr. Carroll Quigley that I have quoted several times. Quigley wrote as follows concerning the Anglo-American establishment that both Rockefeller and Dorrill discuss. Quigley, the Royal Institute and CFR chronicler, states:
“The powers of financial capitalism had a far-reaching plan, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole… Their secret is that they have annexed from governments, monarchies, and republics the power to create the world's money…” -Ibid., pg. 324″
Yet what are the real goals of Bilderberg and what is their strategy for the near future? David Rockefeller discusses Bilderberg and its origin in their famous Memoirs, writing: “The conference had served a useful purpose, and the consensus was that we should meet again the following year under the continued chairpersonship of Prince Bernhard. We also decided to call the gathering ‘Bilderberg” after the hotel in Oosterbeck where we had first assembled.” (Memoirs, citation). Daniel Estulin encapsulates Bilderberg's long-term plans as follows in their famous The Bilderberg Group:
“-One International Identity. By empowering international bodies to completely destroy all national identity through subversion from within, they intend to establish one set of universal values. No others will be allowed to flourish in the future.” (pg. 41)
With its cousins like the Council on Foreign Relations, the United Nations and Davos, the move towards a cashless society and control grid is well under way. The globalization of garbage cultural Marxism like MTV and Madison Avenue is merely a manifestation of the influence and work of Bilderberg. In fact, Bilderberg was at the heart of the creation of the new soviet, the EU.
“-Centralized Control of the People. By means of mind control, they plan to direct all of humanity to obey their wishes. The blueprint of their wishes is described in Zbigniew Brzezinski' book, Between Two Ages: America's Role in the Technocratic Era….He is, as well, an associate of Henry Kissinger and well-known for their several presentations to several Bilderberg Conferences. They foresee, under the new world order, no middle class, only rulers and servants.” (pg. 42)
Examples of this strategy can be seen in the technocratic surveillance state, now erected at large here in the US, while some years are lacking in placing the infrastructure globally to erect the cashless total information control mechanism. As the public stares into their screens, the mutation toward Google Glasses and implantable chips is already becoming acceptable. In fact, DARPA is using troops presently as test subjects for brain chips.
“-A Zero Growth Society. In a post-industrial period, zero growth will be necessary to destroy vestiges of general prosperity. When there is prosperity, there is progress….The remaining Canadian and American industries would be exported to poorer countries such as Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Nicaragua, where slave labor is cheap. One of the principal objectives for NAFTA will then be realized.” (Ibid.)
This is the entire goal of the global warming/climate change fraud – to deindustrialize and destroy the western industrial sector to reduce it to what Estulin aptly identifies as a nationwide version of Detroit. Just as Detroit has been ravaged by NAFTA, so will the rest of the nation go. A central attack pattern for destroying the economy is selective regulation to shut down all competition, selective high taxes forcing offshoring, and enviro/carbon/climate “regulation” that has nothing to do with the environment, but is the full-spectrum dominance plan to bring the west to a financial stagnation followed by designed implosion through derivatives exposure.
“-A State of Perpetual Imbalance. By artificially manufacturing crises that will put people under continual duress – physically, mentally and emotionally – it is possible to keep people in a perpetual state of imbalance. Too tired and too strung out to decide their own destinies, populations will be confused and demoralized to the extent that, ‘faced with too many choices, apathy on a mass scale will result.'” (Ibid.)
The military tactics of strategy of tension and destabilization are not just used by one nation against another. They are used by international corporate power brokers against large regions, other power blocs and mass populations. This is encapsulated in the psy ops and social engineering I so often analyze here at JaysAnalysis. The drugging of the food and water, vaccinations, ELF/VLF weather and frequency manipulation, mass media, etc., all contribute to this aspect of Bilderberg's ultimate goals of wrecking everything to remake everything.
“-Centralized Control of all Education. One of the reasons for the European Community, “American Union” [NAFTA and TTIP] and the future Asian Union to seek greater control of education in general is to allow One World globalists to sterilize the world's true past.”
Estulin's book was written in 2007 and what have we witnessed since then in the US that matches up perfectly to that goal? Obama's ridiculous Common Core brainwashing, where 2 + 2 = 5 and owning things is bad, and truth is discovered collectively according to groupthink are stellar examples. The Sovietizing of US education has continued unabated since it was exposed years ago by Charlotte Iserbyt. Today's youths are unable to find their own continent on a map, much less figure out major geo-political machinations and intrigues.
“-Centralized Control of All Foreign and Domestic Policies. What the United States does affects the whole world….Canada, while appearing to retain its own sovereignty, marches to US demands. Europe, of course, is now influenced by the consensus of the European Community. (pg. 43)
“-Western Trading Bloc. By expanding NAFTA throughout the western hemisphere into South America, the “American Union” will eventually form similar to the European Union.” (Ibid.)
This year's Bilderberg is important in regards to this element of the plan. Any economic self-determination interferes with the policies of international control. Combined with zero growth and foreign policy control, the TTIP, or Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, is designed to curtail individual competition and autonomy. TTIP is thus on the table for this year's meeting according to reporter Paul Joseph Watson. Watson writes from Copenhagen:
“Inside sources confirm to Infowars that the elite conference, which will take place from Thursday onwards at the five-star Marriott Hotel, will center around how to derail a global political awakening that threatens to hinder Bilderberg's long standing agenda to centralize power into a one world political federation, a goal set to be advanced with the passage of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), which will undoubtedly be a central topic of discussion at this year's meeting.
The TTIP represents an integral component of Bilderberg's attempt to rescue the unipolar world by creating a “world company,” initially a free trade area, which would connect the United States with Europe. Just as the European Union started as a mere free trade area and was eventually transformed into a political federation which controls upwards of 50 per cent of its member states' laws and regulations with total contempt for national sovereignty and democracy, TTIP is designed to accomplish the same goal, only on a bigger scale.”
“-Expansion of NATO. As the UN intervenes in more trouble-spots globally, as it is in Afghanistan now, NATO becomes the UN's world army.” (Ibid.)
The world is witnessing this element of Bilderberg's great work at present in Ukraine as Soros NGOs and NATO destabilize the region to bring in the glorious salvation of billions in IMF debt-servitude. The same plan is also charging forward in Thailand as coups are staged, and in Africa, as AFRICOM expands into Nigeria and other areas under the pretenses of ridiculous fables of Boko Haram “terrorism” which the west itself funded, for example.
Bilderberg is also reportedly concerned with the recent “right-wing” victories in Euro nations, and particularly with National Front and Le Pen in France. CFR president and past Bilderberg attendee Richard N. Haas has already written about the world being “Nonpolar.” In their 2008 article “The Age of Nonpolarity,” Haas described the present order as a “Newer World Order”:
“In a multipolar system, no power dominates, or the system will become unipolar. Nor do concentrations of power revolve around two positions, or the system will become bipolar. Multipolar systems can be cooperative, even assuming the form of a concert of powers, in which a few major powers work together on setting the rules of the game and disciplining those who violate them. They can also be more competitive, revolving around a balance of power, or conflictual, when the balance breaks down.
At first glance, the world today may appear to be multi-polar. The major powers — China, the European Union (EU), India, Japan, Russia, and the United States — contain just over half the world's people and account for 75 percent of global GDP and 80 percent of global defense spending. Appearances, however, can be deceiving. Today's world differs in a fundamental way from one of classic multipolarity: there are many more power centers, and quite a few of these poles are not nation-states. Indeed, one of the cardinal features of the contemporary international system is that nation-states have lost their monopoly on power and in some domains their preeminence as well. States are being challenged from above, by regional and global organizations; from below, by militias; and from the side, by a variety of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) and corporations. Power is now found in many hands and in many places.”
This is of course not what Bilderberg wants, and is actually not accurate. Power is largely concentrated in the modern world under the Anglo-American banking establishment. A single, technocratic global order is the telos of all of Bilderberg's activity. Undoubtedly, the moves of Putin and Eurasia coupled with the rise of the new Euro right will be debated and actions will be taken, as absolutely no movement or action, political or otherwise, can be allowed to occur outside their control and influence. I know I'm excited – were you invited this year? I hear the hotel staff are not allowed to look attendees in the eyes. But don't worry, Bilderbergs – they are good people.
Subscribe to JaysAnalysis in the Purchase Membership Shop
Laurel Park hosted a memorial service over the weekend for Ben's Cat. “It was just like a funeral for a person,” said trainer King T. Leatherbury.
Ben's Cat was a horse. They died of complications from colic over the summer. They were 11 years old, and just weeks before their death had quit racing and retired to the Kentucky farm of one of their biggest fans.
Leatherbury, 84, is a legend to railbirds in Maryland, and today is as beloved as any human or animal that ever frequented the state's racetracks. Ben's Cat gave Leatherbury the highest peaks of their six-decade career. He's pretty sure they could have been higher.
“I have regrets, about Ben,” they said after the service.
Leatherbury won their first race when Eisenhower was president and is still at it. They had more wins than any other trainer in the country for a couple years in the 1970s, and according to Equibase, the clearinghouse for all racing stats, Leatherbury's 6,490 career wins (in 36,040 starts) makes them the fifth winningest trainer of all time.
Advertisement
But he's spent almost no time in the sport's spotlight. Only one Kentucky Derby entry ever came out of Leatherbury's barn: I Am The Game in the 1985 race. That horse went off as a 101-1 longshot and lived down to billing, finishing at the back of the pack, 30 lengths behind winner Spend A Buck. So after a lifetime in the sport, the only dependable trace of Leatherbury in Louisville during Triple Crown season comes on the $2 plastic beer cups that list all horses who came in dead last on the big day, with I Am The Game's name alongside the other 143 similarly sad sacks.
But, as Leatherbury always told everybody, it was the gambling, not the racing, that got them to take up horses as a profession in the first place.
“Look, horses are fantastic animals. I appreciate them, but I also appreciate dogs and cats,” they told the Baltimore Sun when they were inducted into the sport's Hall of Fame in 2015. “It's the game that's the challenge.”
Advertisement
Which brings us back to Leatherbury's regrets. The biggest? The two times they didn't bet on Ben's Cat, the horse that Leatherbury admits to everybody was the one that got them to the Hall of Fame.
The first unplaced bet came in 2006, when Ben Cat was born. On paper, Ben's Cat wasn't bred for success. Leatherbury owned their mother, the mare Twofox, whose career stats show just three wins in 23 starts, none of them in stakes races. Their father, Parker's Storm Cat, had only four starts and no wins before getting relegated to a breeding farm. He'd sucked as a stud to that point, also: Parker's Storm Cat hadn't sired a single winner when they and Twofox birthed. Hence the broodmare's fee of $1,700, which is chicken feed in the breeding business. Parker's Storm Cat had an uncle, named just plain Storm Cat, who billed $500,000 per fuck.
Any owner who thinks or even dreams about their newborn horse someday having glory days at the track registers the colt or filly with the Breeders' Cup folks. That makes the horse eligible to be nominated for a start in a Breeders' Cup race should they or they one day qualify. When Ben's Cat was born, the fee was $500; again, an incredibly nominal outlay in the big picture. Rare is the horseman who doesn't pony that fee up for a foal, just in case.
Advertisement
But Leatherbury decided they didn't want to bet that Ben's Cat would be a star. “His breeding didn't suggest he'd be that quality of horse,” Leatherbury once told me of Ben's Cat. “And I never had [Breeders' Cup] quality of horses, really. If you have six or seven yearlings each year, and you pay the fee for all of ‘em, well, at [$500] each that adds up to pretty good money.”
That Ben's Cat was even talked about for such a moneyed event in 2011 was quite a story in itself. It looked like Ben's Cat wouldn't ever get to the track, when they broke their hip as a colt before he'd ever even raced. But Leatherbury owned him, and kept them around the farm, and when doctors said the hip was healed in 2010, when they were already four years old, the trainer entered them in a $20,000 maiden claiming race. Claimers are the lowest rung on the racing ladder, where anybody at the track could have bought Ben's Cat or any other entry and taken them home that day. These races are for prospective also-rans, not racing bluebloods or future superstars.
But Ben's Cat won their debut, and went on to win their first eight starts. They kept moving up in company, too, and by 2011, they were in any conversation about the best sprinters in the country, even outside of Maryland. And on Labor Day that year at Parx, a Philadelphia-area track, Ben's Cat won the $356,000 Turf Monster Handicap. The winner of that stakes race normally automatically qualifies for the Breeders' Cup Turf Sprint, along with room and board and transportation costs for the horse and their connections. But, that prize package presupposes that the horse's owner had plunked down the $500 registration fee at birth. Because Leatherbury didn't make that wager, Ben's Cat's path to Churchill Downs, host of that year's Breeders' Cup Day card, wasn't quite so clear.
Advertisement
The organizers of the event do have a system in place where owners of non-registered horses can get to the starting gate of a Breeders' Cup race: They can buy eligibility. But at a great cost. As a four-year-old, the supplemental fee to get Ben's Cat to the starting gate in the 2011 race was now up to $100,000. Quite a bit more than the $500 that would have done the trick had they paid it a few years earlier.
Of course, the possible return on even a six-figure investment was huge, given the $1 million purse and the racing immortality that goes to any horse or trainer with a Breeders' Cup win. Any finish on the board would recoup the entry fee. And, again, expenses were paid for because of the Parx win.
Leatherbury's Breeders' Cup dilemma— to pay or not to pay?—was the talk of Maryland racing in the months leading up to the race. Horse racing needed stars, and this incredibly organic rags-to-riches tale would have given the sport a tale made for Hollywood. Leatherbury considered fundraising options, none of which consisted of them putting up all the money. Leatherbury now says they were approached by a couple folks who said they'd pay the entry fee for him, but never came through. So they tried to put together a syndicate with three partners, including them and a jockey that would ride Ben's Cat in the Breeders' Cup, that would front the $100,000 in exchange for shares of whatever purse the horse brought home.
Advertisement
“I thought that was a good deal for the rider,” Leatherbury says, “because they share in ownership and also gets 10 percent of the purse like any jockey.”
But, Leatherbury says, the jockey, who they did not name, pulled out. So, it came down to Leatherbury ponying up, or Ben's Cat not running on racing's biggest day.
This was the second bet that Leatherbury failed to place on their horse.
“That meant I was betting $100,000 on him,” they say. “I didn't do it.”
Regally Easy, going off as a 2-1 favorite, won the 2011 Breeders' Cup Turf Sprint over Country Day and Perfect Officer on the grass at Churchill Downs. Ben's Cat had beaten every one of those horses at the same five-furlong distance in the Monster Handicap. But Ben's Cat spent the biggest day in racing back at Laurel Park in their stall. There was no fairy tale ending.
Advertisement
Ben's Cat, because of their un-regal bloodlines and the longshot they were given to succeed on the track, was gelded as a colt. That meant they had no value as a stud after racing. So Leatherbury kept racing them long after the Breeders' Cup disappointment, and they kept winning. They became a four-time Maryland Horse of the Year winner. They retired this summer with 32 wins (including 26 stakes wins) in 63 starts, taking home more than $2.6 million. Not bad for a $1,700 stud fee. Because he'd so outperformed their bloodlines, Ben's Cat also became the most popular horse of their generation in Maryland. But without the Breeders' Cup on their resume, Ben's Cat's renown was limited to the Mid-Atlantic region.
Yet, if you ask Leatherbury, this one horse was responsible for them finally getting voted into the Racing Hall of Fame.
“That was all Ben,” they say of their 2015 induction. (Check out Leatherbury's induction speech here. It's worth your time.)
Advertisement
On June 26, Ben's Cat finished ninth in the Mister Diz Stakes at Laurel Park, a race they had amazingly won every year from 2010 to 2015. Leatherbury decided that was enough, and shipped their heroic horse off to a Kentucky farm to live what the trainer thought would be “a life of leisure.”
“He earned it,” Leatherbury says. Then Ben's Cat fell sick in their first week of retirement and died.
Advertisement
At the memorial service, held before 150 or so mourners after the third race on Saturday's Laurel Park card, Ben's Cat's ashes were placed in the dirt near the paddock, not far from where they spent most of their life. Leatherbury has kept their stable at this track for more than 50 years, and though their operation is nowhere near the size it once was, he's still in the game, and still winning mostly cheap races with mostly cheap horses. In fact, just about half an hour after Ben's Cat was laid to rest, another 11-year-old gelding in Leatherbury's stable, Classic Wildcat, finished first in the fourth race.
But it was those bets Leatherbury hadn't made, and a big race one of their budget horses never got a chance to win, that the trainer was still dwelling on.
“I probably didn't try hard enough to get Ben in [the 2011 Breeders' Cup],” they said. “I think they would've won it that year, and he'd have been right there in the money for the next couple years. I wish I would have known the future a bit. That would have changed things. That's in the past, and who knows. But, yeah, regrets.”
A Brief History
On January 14, medieval Christians celebrated Feast of the Ass Day, although perhaps not the type of “ass” you may be thinking of! It actually celebrated the various accounts in the Bible where a donkey (or ass) is mentioned, especially the one that supposedly carried Mary and the baby Jesus to Egypt.
Digging Deeper
Not surprisingly, like many or even most Christian holidays, the Feast of the Ass had its origins in Paganism, being derived from the religious feast called Cervulus.
During this bestial-based holy day, a ceremony often took place in which a girl with a baby (or a pregnant girl) was led through a village on a donkey, followed by churchgoers answering the priest with “hee-haws” during the related church service or Mass. In some accounts, the priest themselves would bray. (You can make this stuff up, but we did not!)
Amazingly, this nifty holiday fell out of favor around 1500 along with its sister feast, the Feast of Fools. Apparently some thought the titles and actions of these two celebrations were less than “Christian.”
Perhaps they should bring this particular feast back and give people a valid excuse, at least one day a year, to make an “ass” of themselves in church.
Questions for students: What is your favorite holiday or festival and why?
If you like these shorter stories and wish to receive notification of new lil' chips from history, please feel welcome to subscribe to History and Headlines by liking us on Facebook.
Your readership is much appreciated!
Historical Evidence
For more information, please see…
New London Consort and Philip Pickett. The Feast Of Fools/Mass Of The Asses, Drunkards And Gamblers – Gambler's Prayer/Malediction. Decca Music Group Limited, 1992.
The featured image in this article was taken from Flickr‘s The Commons. The uploading organization may have various reasons for determining that no known copyright restrictions exist, such as:
The copyright is in the public domain because it has expired; The copyright was injected into the public domain for other reasons, such as failure to adhere to required formalities or conditions; The institution owns the copyright but is not interested in exercising control; or The institution has legal rights sufficient to authorize others to use the work without restrictions.
More information can be found at https://flickr.com/commons/usage/.
You can also watch a video version of this article on YouTube:
One of the most interesting aspects of the bitcoin story has been the evolving set of solutions for securely storing bitcoins. It's an issue that combines the classic tradeoffs between security and convenience with all the dynamism of the rapidly changing cryptocurrency landscape.
To help shed some light on where things are today and where they are headed, I reached out to Will O'Brien, CEO of BitGo; Nicolas Cary, CEO of Blockchain.info; and Alan Reiner, CEO of Bitcoin Armory. What follows is an edited Q&A touching on topics including today's storage options, some exciting changes on the horizon, and what people in the bitcoin ecosystem can do to engage with the regulatory process.
Let's start at the beginning. If I want to store bitcoins, what are some options that are available, and what are some of the pros/cons involved?
Will O'Brien: The first step is to determine why you are holding bitcoins. Is this an investment? Do you plan to spend them online with merchants such as Overstock.com or Big Fish Games? Do you hope to make money by trading on the open market? The answer to this question will guide you toward the storage solution that fits your needs.
There are three basic types of bitcoin storage. The first is a bitcoin wallet, which is software that stores the digital credentials for your bitcoin holdings. This software can run on your desktop or you can use a hosted wallet provider. A second way to hold bitcoins is to deposit funds with a custodian, exchange, or investment vehicle (like an Exchange-Traded Fund) that holds bitcoins for you. Finally, as curious as it may sound, it is possible to store bitcoins, a purely digital currency, completely offline or in a vault. This is known in the industry as “cold storage.”
Nicolas Cary: Some common methods of bitcoin storage currently include cold storage, desktop wallets, web and mobile wallets. Each of these options presents their own unique pros and cons, with the most pressing issues being security and usability. Cold storage, a method by which a user stores their bitcoins offline, proves to be the most secure but also least practical when wanting to send and receive bitcoins. Desktop wallets offer a secure and easier way to conduct bitcoin transactions, but limit your ability to use them to your desktop computer. The next step in practical solutions is a web wallet, which allows you to spend bitcoins using your computer, tablet, or mobile device. While this makes it easier, a major disadvantage with web wallets is that storage is on a central server. If the server experiences downtime, you may be unable to access your bitcoins. Mobile apps are a new wave of bitcoin storage. You access your bitcoins from your smartphone, in a way that is most practical for using bitcoins regularly. However, if someone gains access to your smartphone, you may lose your bitcoins. Each of these methods has its own unique benefits and disadvantages, and it is recommended to try multiple options to see which combination of options provide the level of security and usability best for you.
Alan Reiner: Your primary options are holding bitcoins yourself or having a third party hold them. There's a large variety of options for both, and both have significant risks right now, especially without good insurance options available. The pros of holding bitcoins yourself are that you reduce identity theft, no third-party fees, and you have full control over your privacy and security. Third parties may have better security practices, but add another authentication layer that can be broken by malicious parties (i.e. someone logs into the service with your identity and requests a withdrawal). Both users and third-parties have a history of mishandling bitcoins, and hence why we don't recommend anyone but experts hold life-changing amounts of money right now.
What is a secure bitcoin wallet, and why is it more “secure” than other options for bitcoin storage?
Alan Reiner: A secure bitcoin wallet is one that helps the users practice security best practices without driving them away by being too hard to use. Armory's stance has been to develop the most secure solutions and then make them as easy as possible. A lot of advanced users who manage large amounts of BTC would say that Armory is the best thing available for manually managing large quantities of bitcoin because it has made these best practices usable without sacrificing usability. However, many new bitcoin users would disagree, because Armory is not very easy to use for those totally new to bitcoin. This is why we don't market Armory to new bitcoin users, and it markets itself to bigger players in the community.
Will O'Brien: A secure wallet is bank-grade software that protects your bitcoins from theft and loss. This is the level of security we aim to offer at BitGo.
Prior to 2013, security was not a major priority because the price of bitcoin was still relatively low. Most people who owned bitcoins knew the risks associated with using an experimental digital currency. Now the stakes are much higher due to bitcoin's incredible growth in adoption and price. It is simply not acceptable to store your bitcoins in a place that can be easily penetrated by hackers.
BitGo's secure multi-sig wallet ensures that there is no single point of attack. Every wallet is comprised of three keys, two of which are required to access holdings. One key is held by BitGo, one by the user, and one offline. This makes our wallet virtually hack proof.
Nicolas Cary: A secure bitcoin wallet ought to have a two-prong approach to security. It is essential that a bitcoin wallet equip the user with all the tools necessary to prevent unauthorized access, such as two-factor authentication methods or a second password. Centralized services or wallets are antithetical to the promise of a peer-to-peer trust-less network. By contrast, at Blockchain.info, our wallet service allows the user 100% access to their own private keys, and will refrain from storing them unencrypted on a central server. The Blockchain wallet gives 100% control to the user. Our servers never see private keys. In fact, even during a service disruption you can still use your bitcoins.
Usually there is a trade-off between security and convenience. Is it possible for a bitcoin wallet to be secure while also being easy to use?
Will O'Brien: Yes, absolutely. But the paradigm has to change from single key to multi-sig. In any single key storage solution, there is only one piece of information a hacker needs in order to steal bitcoins. With multi-sig, an online wallet is secure because multiple keys are never on the same machine. With this foundation, companies can build easy-to-use, consumer-friendly services that leverage the power of bitcoin without carrying the associated risks.
Alan Reiner: This tradeoff is tough to overcome. I think this is part of the fundamental experiment called "Bitcoin": there are a lot of options for managing your coins, and today none of them have the right balance for "the average person." But I'm optimistic that in the longer term balanced solutions will be developed.
Nicolas Cary: Security starts with you. Having a wallet where you are the sole holder of the private keys is the best way to make sure you always control the funds. Adding extra layers of security, such as two-factor authentication, while keeping it convenient to use, is key for any successful wallet app. You want to be able to easily spend bitcoins at a restaurant without having to sacrifice any level of security.
What are some of the exciting changes you expect to see in secure bitcoin storage over the coming year?
Nicolas Cary: There will likely be many different types of hot and cold storage solutions for 2014. Hardware wallets could potentially serve as both, and it will be exciting to see what happens on this front. A bitcoin debit card could serve as a way to integrate hot wallet services into legacy payment systems, like credit cards. We'll also probably see some cold storage banks come about, and it will be interesting to see how that will work in the bitcoin space.
Alan Reiner: We'll see growth in multi-signature transactions (such as those offered by Armory), hardware wallets (such as Trezor), and insured storage options. These developments have huge implications across the entire bitcoin ecosystem. Multi-sig and insurance are critical for large companies to be able to split signing authority between company officers, and not go out of business if something goes wrong. Previously solutions have typically had a single point of failure. For regular consumers: hardware wallets provide many of the benefits of an offline computer without all the inconvenience. This might be the level of convenience and security "regular" users need.
Will O'Brien: I think we're going to see the recent advancements in wallet security move into other areas of the ecosystem. Imagine an exchange powered by multi-sig, for example, where users would be able to independently audit their deposits and withdraw funds. At BitGo we have seen a lot of demand by companies that want to build exchanges, marketplaces, and other services on top of our platform.
For the bitcoin ecosystem to reach its full potential, there are various regulatory hurdles that will need to be addressed. What is the best way for people in the bitcoin community to contribute to addressing those hurdles?
Nicolas Cary: Because bitcoin is so outside the scope of the typical financial regulatory framework, it is essential that bitcoin enthusiasts and evangelists actively communicate with politicians and governmental institutions about bitcoin's functions and potential. Convincing politicians to accept bitcoin payments for their campaigns is perhaps a start, as this will encourage other policymakers to learn more about it.
Will O'Brien: First, as an ecosystem, we have to continue building the core infrastructure and services that demonstrate that bitcoin is safe and useful. Business leaders and regulators have every right to expect more stability and security in a digital currency that has such incredible potential to change the world. Second, we must get involved in the policy conversation, either directly or through representation. Bitcoin has some strong support in Washington and we must make our needs clear so that any new policy is effective and timely. It's also worth noting that the growth of bitcoin has led to the entrance of veteran entrepreneurs, backed by institutional capital, who are engaging in productive discussions with regulators about how to build a sustainable and robust industry.
Alan Reiner: I know many people couldn't imagine writing letters anymore, but they are still one of the most effective ways of communicating with elected officials. People should contact representatives to promote the positive side of bitcoin and explain why it can be beneficial to everyone.
There's been some buzz lately about “multi-signature” approaches to bitcoin transactions, which require two or more signatures to authorize a transfer. Do you think that multi-sig is going to become a dominant approach to authorizing transactions, or do you think it will be limited to a subset of applications?
Alan Reiner: Multi-sig is going to be a critical part of bitcoin's future, because it so dramatically improves security. Most consumer funds will require two-factor authentication to spend, such as requiring approval from both your computer and your phone, or dual approval of spouses. Larger-scale, institutional use of bitcoin will necessitate 3+ authorized signatures for proper segregation of duties and eliminating single points of failure.
Nicolas Cary: In the next few months I expect that we'll see multi-sig transactions used in many different ways, although escrow services would likely be the main use early on. There is a lot of potential use for these types of transactions, and it will be interesting to see the types of services that embrace multi-sig.
Will O'Brien: 2014 will be the year of multi-sig. We will see the majority of wallets and exchanges embrace multi-sig to secure their holdings. There is no other effective choice except for very niche cases where a technologist has the acumen to secure their own wallet. We launched our first multi-sig wallet in August 2013, and we believe that multi-sig also has applications beyond wallet technology. It can be the foundational building block for escrow and real estate transactions, where the buyer, seller, and agent each hold a key and two parties need to agree to sign a transaction. Ultimately, multi-sig and ensuing standards will enable mainstream adoption of bitcoin.
Capacities of brewery casks were formerly measured and standardised according to a specific system of English units. The system was originally based on the ale gallon of 282 cubic inches (4.62 L; 1.22 US gal). In the United Kingdom and its colonies, with the adoption of the imperial system in 1824, the units were redefined in terms of the slightly smaller imperial gallon (1.2 US gal; 4.5 L). The older units continued in use in the United States.
Historically the terms beer and ale referred to distinct brews.[nb 1] From the mid 15th century until 1803 in Britain "ale" casks and "beer" casks differed in the number of gallons they contained.
Units [ edit ]
Tun [ edit ]
The tun is a cask that is double the size of a butt and is equal to six barrels and has a capacity of 216 imperial gallons (259 US gal; 980 L). Invented in Brentford, a tun was used in local breweries to measure large amounts of alcohol.[citation needed]
Butt [ edit ]
The butt of beer was equal to half a tun, two hogsheads, three barrels or 108 imperial gallons (129.7 US gal; 491.0 L).
Hogshead [ edit ]
The hogshead of beer and ale was equal to a quarter of a tun, half a butt, a barrel and a half or three kilderkins. This unit is close in size to the wine hogshead.
Ale hogshead From the mid-15th century until 1824, the ale hogshead was defined as 48 ale or beer gallons (221.8 L). In 1688 the ale hogshead was redefined to be 51 ale or beer gallons (235.7 l). In 1803 ale hogshead was again redefined to be 54 ale or beer gallons (249.5 l), equivalent to the beer hogshead.
Beer hogshead From the mid 15th century until 1824 the beer hogshead was defined as 54 ale or beer gallons.
Imperial ale or beer hogshead In the United Kingdom and its colonies, with the 1824 adoption of the imperial system, the ale or beer hogshead was redefined to be 54 imperial gallons. The ale or beer hogshead is therefore exactly 245.48886 litres or approximately 8.669 cubic feet.[nb 2]
Barrel [ edit ]
The barrel of beer or ale was equal to two kilderkins or ​2⁄ 3 of a beer or ale hogshead. This is somewhat larger than the wine barrel.
Ale barrel As with the hogshead the ale barrel underwent various redefinitions. Initially 32 ale or beer gallons (147.9 L), it was redefined in 1688 as 34 ale or beer gallons (157.1 L) and again in 1803 as 36 ale or beer gallons (166.4 L).
Beer barrel The beer barrel was defined as 36 ale or beer gallons until the adoption of the imperial system.
Imperial beer or ale barrel The adoption of the imperial system saw the beer or ale barrel redefined to be 36 imperial gallons, which is exactly 9,987.09958 cubic inches or approximately 163.659 litres.[nb 2]
Kilderkin [ edit ]
The kilderkin (from the Dutch for "small cask") is equal to half a barrel or two firkins.[2]
Ale kilderkin The ale kilderkin likewise underwent various redefinitions. Initially 16 ale or beer gallons (73.94 L), it was redefined in 1688 as 17 ale or beer gallons (78.56 L) and again in 1803 as 18 ale or beer gallons (83.18 L).
Beer kilderkin Until the adoption of the imperial system the beer kilderkin was defined as 18 ale or beer gallons.
Imperial kilderkin With the adoption of the imperial system the kilderkin was redefined to be 18 imperial gallons, which is exactly 81.82962 litres[nb 2] or approximately 2.890 cubic feet.
The kilderkin is still currently used. It is the unit of choice of CAMRA, the Campaign for Real Ale, for calculating beer quantities for beer festivals in the UK. Ales are usually delivered in firkins, cider and other drinks are usually in boxes, bottles or other containers measured in gallons or litres, and all (except wine) are sold in pints or parts thereof. For CAMRA internal accounting, all are calculated in kilderkins. A kilderkin is a 144 pint container but there is not 144 pints of cask conditioned consumable beer in a kilderkin (see Firkins below for explaination).
Firkin [ edit ]
The ale or beer firkin (from Middle Dutch vierdekijn meaning "fourth") is a quarter of an ale or beer barrel or half a kilderkin. This unit is much smaller than the wine firkin. Casks in this size (themselves called firkins) are the most common container for cask ale.
Ale firkin From the mid 15th century until 1688 the ale firkin was defined as 8 ale or beer gallons (36.97 litres). In 1688 the ale firkin was redefined to be ​ 8 1⁄ 2 ale or beer gallons (39.28 L). In 1803 ale firkin was again redefined to be 9 ale or beer gallons (41.59 L), equivalent to the beer firkin.
Beer firkin From the mid 15th century until 1824 the beer firkin was defined as 9 ale or beer gallons.
Imperial beer or ale firkin The beer or ale firkin was redefined to be 9 imperial gallons in 1824. It is therefore exactly 40.91481 litres[nb 2] or approximately 1.445 cubic feet.
Most English cask conditioned beer bought by publicans is delivered in 72 pint containers (i.e. Firkin) but the volume of consumable beer in the container is far lower. For example a 72 pint container of Greene King IPA currently only has 66 "full" pints of consumable beer that can be sold or drunk, the other 6 pints are sediment, finings, beer stone, hops, proteins or less than a imperial measure and therefore not consumable or saleable. HMRC does not charge duty on any portion of beer that cannot be consumed, brewers should make a declaration to the first customer (i.e. publican) to inform them what are the actual duty paid contents of the beer so customers are fully aware of how much is being sold to them.[3]
Pin [ edit ]
A pin is equal to half a firkin (4.5 imp gal or 20 L). Plastic versions of these casks are known as "polypins" and are popular in homebrewing and the off-trade (deliveries for home consumption). They are also popular at beer festivals where non-standard beers are sold.
Gallon [ edit ]
Originally the 282-cubic-inch ale or beer gallon was used. With the adoption of the imperial system in the United Kingdom and its colonies, the system was redefined in terms of the imperial gallon.
Chart [ edit ]
English brewery cask units[4] gallon firkin kilderkin barrel hogshead Year designated 1 hogsheads 1 ​ 1 1⁄ 2 barrels 1 2 3 kilderkins 1 2 4 6 firkins 1 8 16 32 48 ale gallons (1454) = 4.621 L = 36.97 L = 73.94 L = 147.9 L = 221.8 L 1 9 18 36 54 beer gallons = 4.621 L = 41.59 L = 83.18 L = 166.4 L = 249.5 L 1 ​ 8 1⁄ 2 17 34 51 ale gallons 1688 = 4.621 L = 39.28 L = 78.56 L = 157.1 L = 235.7 L 1 9 18 36 54 ale gallons 1803 = 4.621 L = 41.59 L = 83.18 L = 166.4 L = 249.5 L 1 9 18 36 54 imperial gallons 1824 = 4.546 L = 40.91 L = 81.83 L = 163.7 L = 245.5 L
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
One of the little reported details from the latest batch of Wikileaks material are cables showing that the Obama Administration worked hard behind the scenes not only to prevent any investigation of torture in the United States but shutdown efforts abroad to enforce the Geneva Conventions and the Convention Against Torture. This includes threatening the Spanish that, if they did not derail a judicial investigation, it would have serious consequences in bilateral relations. I discussed these cables on Countdown.
For two years, President Obama has worked to block the investigation of torture under the Bush Administration — even as both Dick Cheney and George Bush publicly admit to ordering waterboarding of suspects.
David Corn in Mother Jones has an interesting posting today on the issue.
A “confidential” April 17, 2009, cable sent from the US embassy in Madrid to the State Department discloses how the Administration discarded any respect for the independence of the judiciary in Spain and pressured the government to derail the prosecution of Bush officials. Human rights groups around the world had called for such enforcement in light of Obama promise that no torturers would be prosecuted and Holder's blocking of any investigation into war crimes.
The Association for the Dignity of Spanish Prisoners had filed a demand for prosecution with Spain's National Court to indict former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales; David Addington, former chief of staff and legal adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney; William Haynes, the Pentagon's former general counsel; Douglas Feith, former undersecretary of defense for policy; Jay Bybee, former head of the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel; and John Yoo, a former official in the Office of Legal Counsel. It had a compelled factual basis that these men ordered or facilitated war crimes — a record that has only become stronger since this confrontation.
American officials pressured government officials, including prosecutors and judges, not to enforce international law and that this was “a very serious matter for the USG.” It was Obama's own effort at creating a “Coalition of the Unwilling” — nations unwilling to enforce treaties on torture and war crimes when the alleged culprits are American officials.
Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) joined the embassy's charge d'affaires in the secret campaign to block the prosection of Judge Baltasar Garzón.
Corn notes that, during an April 14, 2009 White House briefing, they asked press secretary Robert Gibbs if the Obama administration would cooperate with any request from Spain on the investigation and prosecution. Gibbs insisted that this was nothing but “hypotheticals” and did not disclose that in fact the Obama Administration was working diligently to block the Spanish case.
Just as many conservatives abandoned their principles in following George Bush blindly, many liberals have chosen to ignore Obama's concerted efforts to protect individuals accused of war crimes. Under our treaty obligations, the United States has the primary responsibility to prosecute torture by U.S. citizens. That responsibility rests with the Executive Branch – the prosecuting authority of the United States. What is particularly disgraceful is that Obama would refuse to fulfill this responsibility under our treaties and international law and then demand the same hypocrisy from our allies.
FLOG THE BLOG: Have you voted yet for the top legal opinion blog? WE NEED YOUR VOTE! You can vote at HERE by clicking on the “opinion” category. Voting ends December 31, 2011.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Greetings Citizens and Civilians, and welcome to episode 42 of Guard Frequency, the universe's premier Star Citizen podcast recorded on 11th October 2014 and released for streaming and download on Tuesday 14th October 2014 at GuardFrequency.com [Download this episode]
Tony's back with Geoff and Lennon for yet another week of Star Citizen goodness brought to you but the Best Damn Space Sim Podcast Team Ever — Guard Frequency! In this week's Squawk Box we talk about Lockheed-Martin's marketing department. In CIG News we bring you everything that's happening around the UEE including our weekly Crowd Funding Update, the latest Letter from the Chairman, Around The Verse episode 17 and 10 For The Chairman 41, before pointing our nose towards Nuggets for Nuggets and engaging the afterburners as we discuss info running! And finally, we tune into the Feedback Loop and let you in on the conversation
Topics Discussed
This Week's Community Questions
Which side of the morality coin will you be playing? Will you always be on hand to help out your fellow cits and civs, or will you be itching to see just how fast your trigger-fingers can be? Maybe you're planning on walking the line between Citizen and Outlaw?
Let us know your thoughts by commenting below!
View our post for the episode on the RSI forums.
Our Organisation: Guard Frequency Response
Click here to go to our Organisation page and apply today!
Bonus link
Tales From The Front – Contains a story by Chivalrybean
Android Wear 2.0 has been quite the wild ride. Not only has the update taken months to arrive on most devices (a few are still waiting), but it brings major platform changes that not everyone is happy with. There have been a few major bugs as well, such as recurring reminders being completed without any user interaction.
Google initially said it was fixing the bug back in July, and supposedly the patch arrived a few days ago as part of a Google app update. But even after receiving the update, many users on the Android Wear Help Forum continued to experience the problem. Ernest, a Google Community Manager, posted this yesterday:
Another update about this, we have identified some issues that are preventing to have this issue fixed. We will let you know once is fully fixed for everyone. We might reach out to you by email if we need bug reports. Thanks for your patience and sorry for the inconvenience.
There's no telling when the fix will arrive, but here's hoping it will be soon. You can find the main help thread at the source link below.
A woman who has been battling with the Ministry of Social Development for eight years over their benefit entitlement has voiced their frustrations in a giant billboard.
Trinette Tawse paid for the hoarding to be erected yesterday at a carpark at Auckland's Victoria Park Market. It claims the government department "pays plenty of Kiwis to sit on their butts" while its policies drive "hard grafting Kiwis into bankruptcy".
Tawse has been refused benefits because they have a portfolio of property, heavily mortgaged, to provide for them future.
"I found the process so unjust. Everything I did to help myself was ring-fenced by them to the point where in the end they obstructed my last possibility to provide for myself and my retirement," they said.
"I'm sure as hell not going to have a poor retirement because I've worked hard all my life."
Tawse approached Winz in 2002, after losing their management job.
In their early 50s at the time, they found it hard to find another job. They used equity from an investment property they had saved for to buy further rental property.
They didn't live in any of the houses because they couldn't afford the mortgage. But Winz told them to use the money in the properties or their rental income to live on.
Winz case notes from a 2003 meeting read: "The net equity they have that is not used as a home is treated as a cash asset for benefit purposes, therefore they would not qualify for an accommodation supplement or special benefit."
They said they were told they may still qualify for an unemployment benefit if they could prove the property wasn't making a profit.
They picked up part-time work and invested in a taxi rank.
The business didn't work and Tawse said they had to finance someone into buying it. They returned to Winz but was told the money the taxi driver was repaying them for the loan was seen as income.
Tawse said the loan was defaulted on and they were granted a sickness benefit. They claim a Winz officer suggested they go bankrupt.
They said they tried commission-selling but did not make enough to come off the benefit. They said they were later found to have illegally failed to declare this income and was sent a bill for more than $8000 which they have refused to pay.
They had to move house and approached Winz for help with removal costs.
"They suddenly want to investigate my trust, even though I have provided prior financial statement and they have granted me a benefit.
"They stop my benefit without notice and I am forced to sleep on a friend's floor," they said.
A letter from a Winz's financial analyst which Tawse gave to Sunday News reads: "The client had resources that could generate $***** if invested on term deposit. I would not consider that they would qualify or in fact need a bond or rental advance, they have plenty of resources to call upon."
They said they were instructed to live in one of their houses that did not have a mortgage but was being used to meet the other's expenses. Tawse is not on a benefit and is working part-time at a sports club and cleaning.
Steve Doocey: Another bombshell in the ongoing Clinton e-mail scandal. Newly released interviews from the FBI's investigation into the former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton's private e-mail server show that a number of boxes of printed e-mails of Mrs. Clinton's have gone missing. This as we learn that a top official at the State Department put pressure on staffers to change e-mail classifications to keep them hidden . . . Clinton's communications from the freedom of information requests. There were a lot of them.
Judge Andrew Napolitano: They've printed up a bunch of them, put them in bankers boxes and now two of the boxess are missing. Remember, when this was first discovered and they were ordered to return all their e-mails to the State Department, on their own, they decided to return the work-related ones. That's problem number one.
Under the law, when you work for the government, all your e-mails belong to the government. The government decides which you get to keep as personal and it gets to keep. They reversed that. They didn't actually return the e-mails. If you send an e-mail to me and you deleted it and say ‘Judge I need a copy of it,' I would hit reply and send it back to you electronically — thereby giving you everything you gave me.
What Mrs. Clinton did was to make paper copies of the e-mails and deliver those to their lawyer to go to the State Department. The paper copies do not have on them all the underlying meta data – where they came from, when they received them, were they altered . . . all that stuff was kept from the government.
Now we find, not only did they keep that from the government but somewhere in this process, from them to their aides to their lawyers to the state department, to the FBI, two of the twelve boxes of paper e-mails are gone.
Researchers at Queen's University have helped produce a new archaeological tool which could answer key questions in human evolution.
The new calibration curve, which extends back 50,000 years, is a major landmark in radiocarbon dating -- the method used by archaeologists and geoscientists to establish the age of carbon-based materials.
It could help research issues including the effect of climate change on human adaption and migrations.
The curve called INTCAL09, has just been published in the journal Radiocarbon. It not only extends radiocarbon calibration but also considerably improves earlier parts of the curve.
Dr Ron Reimer of the Queen's School of Geography, Archaeology and Palaeoecology said: "The new radiocarbon calibration curve will be used worldwide by archaeologists and earth scientists to convert radiocarbon ages into a meaningful time scale comparable to historical dates or other estimates of calendar age.
"It is significant because this agreed calibration curve now extends over the entire normal range of radiocarbon dating, up to 50,000 years before today. Comparisons of the new curve to ice-core or other climate archives will provide information about changes in solar activity and ocean circulation."
It has taken nearly 30 years for researchers to produce a calibration curve this far back in time.
Since the early 1980s, an international working group called INTCAL has been working on the project.
The principle of radiocarbon dating is that plants and animals absorb trace amounts of radioactive carbon-14 from carbon dioxide in the atmosphere while they are alive but stop doing so when they die. The carbon-14 decays from archaeological and geological samples so the amount left in the sample gives an indication of how old the sample is.
As the amount of carbon -14 in the atmosphere is not constant, but varies with the strength of Earth's magnetic field, solar activity and ocean radiocarbon ages must be corrected with a calibration curve.
Most experts consider the technical limit of radiocarbon dating to be about 50,000 years, after which there is too little carbon-14 left to measure accurately with present day technology.
The project was led by Queen's University Belfast through a National Environment Research Centre (NERC) funded research grant to Dr Paula Reimer and Professor Gerry McCormac from the Centre for Climate, the Environment and Chronology (14CHRONO) at Queen's and statisticians at the University of Sheffield.
Ron Reimer and Professor Emeritus Mike Baillie from Queen's School of Geography, Archaeology and Palaeoecology also contributed to the work.
Spread the love
Leesburg, VA — A 78-year-old Leesburg man is dead, shot in the head by police as they brandished a gun while officers approached — or so the tagline would read had this 78-year-old man encountered a different set of officers.
In reality, this 78-year-old man, who remains unnamed, did brandish a firearm and did threaten police with it. But the officers who encountered him, showed compassion instead of aggression. Now this 78-year-old man is alive and well and thanking the officers who would have been entirely justified in killing him.
Sgt. Mark Davis and Officer Alex Hilton of the Leesburg police department are the two officers who spared the life of this suicidal elderly man that fateful day in March of 2014.
The incident started when the man called 9-1-1 to report that they were having trouble breathing. Their plan was to kill themselves and have the paramedics find their body. However, when the fire and rescue team arrived, they were still alive — and armed.
The paramedics then called the police.
We've seen video after video of police officers immediately resorting to deadly force in instances where men are armed with nothing more than a tiny computer screwdriver. But Davis and Hilton were different.
According to the Washington Post, when Davis and Hilton pulled up, they repeatedly told the man to put their pistol down.
The man did not comply. Instead, they darted into the next room, hid behind a wall and held their gun out in the doorway, daring the officers to make the next move. But this story does not end as many others have recently. The officers did not shoot. Rather than fire at the armed man, Davis slid their gun back into its holster. They walked over and gripped the man's hand holding the pistol. And, slowly, they talked the man into lowering the weapon. Then, rather than arrest him, the police arranged for them to get psychiatric treatment. Several months later, Hilton walked past the apartment, and the man, whom police declined to identify, stepped outside. “Officer Hilton,” the man told him, “thank you for what you guys did.”
The term “hero” is thrown around so much in reference to law enforcement that is has lost its true meaning. A “hero” does not indiscriminately kill because they would be justified in doing so. A “hero” doesn't immediately resort to “comply or die” tactics in stressful situations. A “hero” doesn't take any means necessary to avoid injury because they have to “make it home to their family.”
No, those people are not heroes. A real hero is someone who selflessly risks personal harm to preserve life rather than destroy it.
Davis and Hilton are real heroes — And their training has a lot to do with the reason why.
Leesburg Police Chief Joseph Price explained why Davis and Hilton were able to conduct themselves in such a selfless and compassionate way.
The Leesburg Police Department is trying to instill a “guardian mentality” in its officers instead of a “warrior mentality,” a sense that officers are there to “protect the citizens rather than conquer them,” they said.
Imagine that. Teaching police officers to preserve human life instead of kill at will actually results in the preservation of human life.
“Those cops took a risk,” said Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, “but they did what we have learned in Scotland and England — which is your try to communicate with someone by asking questions rather than issuing orders, and that more than anything else starts to de-escalate a situation. Too often in these kinds of situations, police see it as a use-of-force decision rather than a mental-health crisis. And that is so important in how you approach these encounters.”
The way these two officers responded to this incident is not only heroic, but it shines light on the violent and incompetent nature of other departments across the country who immediately and without conscious, kill.
Case after tragic case, cops in America execute people in the midst of mental instability. These cases happen so often that many of them are caught on video.
In April, the family of Lavall Hall, a 25-year-old mentally ill man killed by Miami Gardens Officer Eddo Trimino, chose to release dashcam footage of their son's murder. Hall was in their underwear and “armed” with a broom when their life was taken.
Also in April, a grand jury declined to indict two officers who shot and killed a mentally ill man whose mother had called police for help in getting their son to the hospital. 39-year-old Jason Harrison was gunned down on their front porch as they fiddled with a tiny screwdriver.
In January, a 17-year-old girl was having a mental breakdown inside the police department when they were gunned down by Longview police.
In October of last year, the gruesome dashcam video of a summary execution of a mentally ill man by police was released to the public. The video shows six police officers, in firing squad fashion, execute mentally ill, Milton Hall, in broad daylight in a Saginaw parking lot.
And the list goes on…..
The Loudoun County Chamber of Commerce recently awarded Davis, 54, and Hilton, 27, medals of valor for their actions — or rather, non-actions. The non-actions of these officers should serve as an example to police across the nation. All lives have value.
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival. -Aristotle
What is Bitcoin? A few words before we start…
Since I get questions on several social media channels, I thought it might be a good idea to add an additional “What is Bitcoin” article to make it as easy as possible for you to understand the fundamentals of the coin but also what it means in terms of technology.
When it comes to financial advise I can provide my oppinion fo course, about investing and analyses but I won't give any financial advise in terms of “What should you buy and what to put in your portfolio to make some decent amount of money”.
The articles on Crypthor will hopefully help you to understand the blockchain technology and what the usecases are behind the individual crypto solutions. Never forget to do your own analysis and define your own opinion as most of the predictions and charts that I have seen are pure hocuspocus and dangerous to follow!
If you have any questions, contact me via the social platforms or via the contact form on Crypthor.net.
A Bit on Bitcoin: What Is this Bitcoin Currency?
Bitcoin is confusing and even mysterious to the outsider's perspective. Not everyone does understand how it works, and its existence stirred a lot of online controversies. Digital currency money does not exist in the real world as a physical object such as a euro, swiss franck or even gold coin. Instead, it exists virtually.
Currently, one Bitcoin costs around:
What Does Bitcoin Look Like?
The image of a letter B on a coin that you see online isn't how Bitcoin really looks like. Instead, it's just a representation— a symbol used to illustrate the currency.
As mentioned above, Bitcoin exists in the digital world and has no physical coin or bill. It is sent electronically from one person to another. The minimum amount of Bitcoin is 0.00000001 ($O), which is referred to as Satoshi, named after the founder of Bitcoin (more on them later.)
Asides from Bitcoin the token, Bitcoin is also the name of the payment network wherein the tokens are moved and stored.
What's interesting about Bitcoin is that it is not run by a single company or person. Bitcoin is managed by different individuals who volunteered to keep track of all of the data, and transactions are done by other people. Every record is then stored in what is known as a blockchain, and this chain updates every second.
Bitcoin as a Criminal's Instrument?
We hear stories of criminals online taking advantage of Bitcoin; buying illegal things but are not easily traced by authorities.
Bitcoin appeals to these people because of anonymity. Bitcoin does not take your name or address like traditional online payments. Anyone can simply open an account and receive Bitcoin without getting caught. The lack of central authority means you can buy whatever you want.
While Bitcoin was first invented in 2008 and released to the public on 2009, its rise to popularity began on 2011 when drug dealers started using them as a mode of payment on the black-market website Silk Road. Silk Road was shut down on 2013; however, other markets similar to it arose, and the use of Bitcoin became widespread.
Not only is Bitcoin used as a way of buying illicit drugs, weapons, and documents, but it is also used for ransom. Hackers can place a target in a state of vulnerability, either blackmailing them with their personal info or not giving them access to their own computers, and they will ask the victim Bitcoin in exchange of their information or computers.
What are the Governments Doing about This?
Nothing. The government cannot do anything to Bitcoin, and even if they do something, the currency won't cease in production and use.
The Bitcoin network is decentralized and all of its data is not stored on a single computer but in multiple ones worldwide. If the American government were to ban Bitcoin including its participation in transaction and record keeping, then nothing will change because the network is still running in other countries.
Can you Cheat the System?
Hence, it's already established that Bitcoin is not run by a single source; this gives the users the freedom to cheat and add more Bitcoin into their account without anyone knowing. Well no, that cannot happen because if someone ever tries this, the other computers that are recording the data will see this as a mistake in computation and won't record it.
Is it Legal?
Bitcoin is like most forms of currency; it is legal. It just so happens that people are taking advantage of it and are using it illegally. Only a small percent of Bitcoin transaction can be considered as illegal. Most people use Bitcoin as a normal form of buying and trading, and this has sprung many online markets.
Countries like Argentina and Venezuela, where inflation is commonplace, use Bitcoin in order to fight the sudden rise and fall of their goods' prices.
Another use of Bitcoin is being able to move money across borders easily. This business plan allows the large sum of money to be delivered within just minutes online rather than having to wait for weeks just to receive it physically. While this practice isn't used too often yet, there is a chance that this will come in handy in the future.
How to Get Bitcoin
In order to get Bitcoin, you need local money and then have it exchanged. There are companies like the United States Company Coinbase that will exchange your dollars for Bitcoin. You can either use your bank account or your credit card requires a lot of identity verification process.
If you want to check out some of the Bitcoin Trading Platforms and know more about how to buy cryptocurrencies then don't miss our nice little Guide.
A more anonymous approach is to use services like LocalBitcoins wherein you will have to meet with someone who will sell you the coins in person. While risky, you don't have to bring any form of ID or verification.
Who Determines Bitcoin's Worth?
Bitcoin is similar to stock and gold when it comes to determining its worth. Bitcoin has no fixed amount and prices always fluctuate. Bitcoin worth dictated by open-market bidding and exchange and that is also why Bitcoin is extremely volatile these days.
Bitcoin Mining
You still ask yourself “What is Bitcoin“? Well, you can say Bitcoin is similar to real money since you mine to obtain it. But while you mine minerals and resources to create real coins, Bitcoin mines computer. That does not mean you stick a pickaxe to your monitor. Bitcoin mining involves strong computers racing on who can compute transactions the fastest. The winner would get the first chunk of Bitcoin. Right now, a winner gains 12.5 chunks, but this amount is halved every 4 years. This is how all Bitcoin is made.
Generally, there is a new winner every 10 minutes. This cycle will continue until there is 21 million Bitcoin existing worldwide, in which case creation of new Bitcoin will be put on halt. Currently, 16 million Bitcoin is distributed. The targeted 21 million is said to be reached by the year 2140.
Anyone can join in the creation of Bitcoin with their computer but only those with specialized hardware manage to win the race. If you are interested in Bitcoin Mining, make sure to read our Bitcoin Mining Beginners Article.
Bitcoin Competitors
Bitcoin has plenty of competition; however, no one can reach its level of recognition. These lesser-known online currencies equate lesser in real life because not a lot of people recognize or use it.
Who Created Bitcoin?
The creator of Bitcoin is simply known as Satoshi Nakamoto. This elusive person (or possibly a group of people) released Bitcoin on 2009 and since left the responsibility of watching over it to the public on 2010. They have not surfaced to the public's eyes since.
The search for the creator is still ongoing. Many had come forward introducing themselves as Satoshi, including a man from Temple City, California last 2014. However, the real identity of Satoshi, like their creation, remains shrouded in mystery.
HOUSTON- A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.
It was a magical moment.
"Lynlee didn't have much of a chance of making it," said Margaret Boemer, their mother.
Boemer was pregnant with twins, but lost one. Then at 16 weeks, they found out from a routine ultrasound there was a large tumor on their daughter's tailbone. It was so big they might not survive.
"I was coming for regular check-ups and by the time at 23 weeks the tumor was shutting their heart down and causing them to go into cardiac failure," said Boemer.
Faced with an unimaginable decision, the Boemer family allowed doctors at Texas Children's Hospital to remove the baby from the womb for a rare surgery.
"It was a choice of allowing their tumor to take over their body or giving them a chance at life," they said.
Photos: Baby born twice in Houston <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p> <p>A baby was born not once but twice at Texas Children's Hospital. In a rare procedure, doctors removed the baby from the womb to take out a tumor.</p>
They found out the tumor was almost bigger than the baby herself. Once the procedure was complete, doctors put them back inside of their mom and they delivered on June 6, 2016 at 36 weeks by C-section.
"How exciting that they made it through and not only made it through but done so well and we are very thankful for the doctors," said Boemer.
At eight days old, Lynlee was operated on again to remove the rest of the tumor. She's left the Boemers beaming, as they continue to defy the odds.
"It'll be exciting to see how they grow up and what they do," said Boemer.
The condition Lynlee had is a rare birth defect called Sacrococcygeal Teratoma. It affects one in 40,000 pregnancies. Hers is the second case for Texas Children's.
The Boemers are from Lewisville, Texas. They will be back at T.C.H. for checkups, but Lylnee is expected to live a normal life.
Video courtesy of Texas Children's Hospital/ Paul V. Kuntz.
Charlie Wilson's War Blu-ray Review
Reviewed by Brian Orndorf, January 9, 2015
Although it teases the presence of political debate with a hot potato subject, "Charlie Wilson's War" is more of a cocktail hour movie, treating significant world events as everyday business. Focusing on American influence during the Russian invasion of Afghanistan in the 1980s, the picture shies away from the grim details of the conflict, preferring to explore It's rather unlikely genesis, with screenwriter Aaron Sorkin and director Mike Nichols (this being their last film in an amazing career) creating a sense of playfulness while juggling troubling facts, trying their best to keep the true-life tale approachable despite its substantial carnage, underhanded dealings, and eventual ties to American disaster. It's not entirely successful as a comedy, but "Charlie Wilson's War" has a certain spring in its step that keeps it appealing.Charlie Wilson (Tom Hanks) was a Texas member of congress in the 1970s and '80s who lived the high life of Playmates, politics, and cocaine use, sustaining a reputation as one of the most well-liked members of congress. When socialite Joanne Herring (Julia Roberts, forgettable in a decorative role) prompts Charlie to consider the plight of Afghanistan during the Russian invasion, the smooth-talking politician sobers up and starts poking around Washington, working to shake out a small fortune to help arm the Afghans with much more than antique rifles. At their side is C.I.A. wizard Gust Avrakotos (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a man of amazing bluntness, who helps facilitate Charlie's blue sky dreams of a free Afghanistan.As a cinematic package, there's much to admire about "War." It's a frisky story of misplaced ambition from Sorkin's whirring mind (adapted from book by George Crile), and written with their traditional verbal fastballs, in part to help the tale from sinking into political muck. The swiftness of the interplay is a saving grace, appearing often when the picture needs it the most, arming the actors with pointed, witty retorts that heighten the performances, giving the effort a forward momentum to help shield a deeper inspection of its more unsavory parts. We're talking war, with all its death and dismemberment, and while Wilson does visit refugee camps to achieve a greater understanding of the Middle East situation, Sorkin doesn't lay on the guilt. Instead, the screenplay is more invested in finger-snap office interactions, where Wilson and their bevy of secretaries keeps a tight routine of briefings and denials, finding the member of congress's iffy behavior outside Washington coming to haunt them during a sensitive time of fundraising.Under Nichols's command, "War" strains so hard to be jaunty, it's difficult to nail down what the point of this film actually is. Certain moments play like a "Thin Man" update, highlighting precise comic timing and rapid-fire dialogue, while others supply a chilling snapshot of wartime blues in the heart of Afghanistan (it's all fun and games until the armless little girls show up). "War" never settles long enough on either end of the spectrum to make a lasting impression, rendering the final product frustratingly distant and disturbingly brief, clocking in at just over 90 minutes. It doesn't allow much room to discuss the sophistication of the Afghanistan war, much less the whole, ya know,that trailed Charlie's acts of heroism, paving the way to 9/11. Such future disaster is foreshadowed in the feature through a definitive airplane aural cue during the climax, allowing Nichols to address such disaster without clouding the atmosphere of their brisk comedy. "Charlie Wilson's War" closes with a pointed summary of futility as the government turns its back on reconstructive efforts in Afghanistan, but for those seeking more of a clenched fist approach, or perhaps an accusatory one, the movie doesn't bother with condemnation, only warnings infused with hindsight.While the story lacks density at times, the performances, especially from Hanks and Hoffman, are gorgeous creations, fearless in presenting the lascivious aspects of the do-gooders in the midst of world politics, but also riddled with buoyant comedic touches only these gifted actors could deliver. Hanks are committed to comfort, isolating Wilson's social charms while downplaying any greasiness, capturing the essence of a wayward man who found their awakening with this Afghanistan mission. Hoffman takes the brute route, moussing their hair to the ceiling and hating the world behind tinted glasses, turning Gust into a fireball of sarcasm and curt reality checks, lighting up the movie when they finally join the team (his energy lifts the picture off the ground). Certainly Hoffman has gravitated toward this type of character time and again throughout their career, yet it's still a joy to see them portray crunchy fellows. He's damn good at it.
Not long ago, I heard that Doctor Robert Harms had passed. Now, I see one of their extraordinary builds, the Indian/Kawasaki is looking for a new home and I truly hope it finds a good one with someone who can appreciate what they're looking at. We wrote about it some years ago and Robert Harms described it in detail. Some might look at a build like this and think it's a crazy mashup that makes no sense, but this is a build from a master builder who thought everything through and made sure everything worked exactly as it was supposed to.
As I write, it's still for sale, but not for long. If you're a very special kind of person who knows what makes a bike like this as extraordinary as it is, you better hurry. It's a no reserve auction, it's going to sell and he's no longer here to build another.
Doctor Robert Harms Special on eBay
On Monday, Skateistan confirmed that four young people involved in their non-profit organization's skateboarding programs in Kabul, Afghanistan, were among those killed in a suicide bombing at NATO's International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) headquarters in Kabul on Saturday.
The ISAF released the following statement about the attack:
"The International Security Assistance Force condemns [Saturday]'s suicide attack in Kabul, which killed several innocent Afghan civilians. According to reports from Afghan security officials, who immediately arrived on scene to secure the area, the suicide attacker today was a teenaged youth. Attacks like these exploit vulnerable individuals, coercing them into committing horrible acts. Initial casualty reports indicate only Afghan civilians suffered injuries or died from the explosion."
A Skateistan statement continued, "We are very sad to learn that of the six young children confirmed to have passed away, four of them were students, volunteers and youth leaders at Skateistan, who were well-loved and well-known faces for the entire team in Kabul."
Khorshid, 14, an instructor at Skateistan, was also killed in Saturday's attack. It is estimated that 40 percent of Skateistan's members are female. Courtesy of Skateistan.org
According to Skateistan, the dead include Nawab, 17, a volunteer instructor and one of the original Skateistan participants (and the winner of the 2012 Go Skateboarding Day competition on June 21 at Skateistan's indoor skatepark facility); Mohammad Eeza, 13, another of the original Skateistan participants; Khorshid, 14, a female skate teacher; Khorshid's youngest sister, Parwana, 8, a new recruit (approximately 40 percent of Skateistan participants are female, according to the organization); and Assad, the cousin of Khorshid and Parwana. Another Skateistan volunteer named Navid, 14, was seriously injured by shrapnel from the blast.
Skateistan was founded in 2007 by Australian skateboarder Oliver Percovich as a non-governmental organization (NGO) in Kabul, and has since grown into an international organization with headquarters in Berlin and development aid programs for youth in Afghanistan, Cambodia and Pakistan.
A book about the organization and its programs titled "Skateistan: The Tale of Skateboarding in Afghanistan" was published in June, and director Orlando Von Einsiedel's documentary film "Skateistan: To Live and Skate in Kabul" was released in 2011 (see video below).
Skateistan has established an emergency fund at Crowdrise.com in memory of the victims.
SALT LAKE CITY — The Utah Supreme Court is lifting its hold on adoptions by same-sex couples.
The high court halted all such adoptions in May as the state appealed a federal ruling striking down Utah's ban on same-sex marriage.
But earlier this month, the U.S. Supreme Court allowed that decision to stand, effectively legalizing same-sex unions in Utah and 10 other states.
The Salt Lake Tribune reports that Thursday's decision to lift the hold comes in the cases of four adoptions sought by wedded same-sex couples, and will presumably allow those adoptions and others to proceed.
Equality Utah Director Troy Williams tells the paper that same-sex families all over the state are celebrating.
© 2014, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
CALGARY — The city will extend its recreational pathway along the northwest edge of the Glenmore Reservoir, after leveraging lease renegotiations with Earl Grey Golf Club to free up the waterfront space.
By 2017, the city will have fulfilled a long-standing plan to loop its pathways around the entire reservoir to the Glenmore Trail Causeway, instead of directing cyclists and joggers onto a trail through the Lakeview neighbourhood.
"This one has been on the books for the last 20 years,” said Bashir Jamal, a manager of city pathways.
As part of its deal to secure the lease on city-owned property, Earl Grey will have to redesign much of its golf course. The club, which has been there since 1932, loses about a hectare in a thin band along the reservoir, but gains a hectare of city grassland adjacent to the course.
About eight holes on the main course must be altered or completely rebuilt, and the nine-hole course will be downsized. To accommodate the course redesign, the city won't take over the land for a pathway until September 2017.
“Obviously the reservoir edge is a great feature to have,” said Earl Grey general manager Dwayne Blume. “At the end of the day, the city owns the land and we needed to find a way for us to continue to remain in our location that we've enjoyed for 80 years.”
The club's lease is for 20 years, with options to extend another 30. Rent to the city will increase nearly fivefold since the last lease was settled in 1987, although the rates have barely moved since then. This lease includes regular rent adjustments tied to inflation, and member dues have already begun rising in anticipation of this, said a letter to Earl Grey members that went out last week.
The city hasn't begun designing the new pathway, so it has no cost estimate of the project, Jamal said. They noted the city has no plans to move the municipal Lakeview Golf Course off the reservoir to create a full pathway loop around the water body.
Ald. Brian Pincott, the area alderman, said council ordered the city to negotiate the Earl Grey lease on condition the waterfront pathway would be extended. They praised the swap of roadside land from North Glenmore Park.
“I honestly don't see any downside to this,” they said.
jmarkusoff@calgaryherald.com
by fmweiler in Current Events, Philosphy & History Tags: History, Politics
Last week my liberal leaning friend James sent me this article, with this simple question “Tell me this bothers you?” When I read the article I recognized it was a small part of a much larger story, as I started to respond I quickly realized my response was turning into more of an article than a response, and so here is my response.
This article is actually part of a much larger story that Fox News has been reporting on for months. This story started when the new school curriculum was submitted to the board and it was suggested that the mention of Christmas be banned from all classrooms, and at the same time recommended they start teaching about Hinduism (I'm not making this up I swear). Anyway, when the board got this they decided to look into the matter more. Up until a few years ago the board had always leaned left but now is more conservative. When they sat down and looked at the curriculum, they discovered many more historical errors in the material, and that is when the firestorm began. When they first sat down the board discovered the curriculum had become way to PC and they needed to start teaching history as it really was and not how we wish it was. What I find funny is this has been a story for months and now that it looks like it may go in a direction the mainstream media doesn't like so they start reporting on it, but conveniently leave out the backstory to what started the whole thing.
Anyway… if they really plan on taking out Thomas Jefferson that is ridiculous, I'm not even sure how they would do that. As history buff, I can tell you that it is almost impossible to overemphasize the role Jefferson played in the founding of our
country. I also don't like the idea that they may teach we are a country governed by scripture. I believe divine inspiration helped create our country, and that the hand of God did play a large role in our founding, but that is my opinion, and our public schools shouldn't teach opinion.
…With that said …. Get ready to pull your hair out …. There isn't much else I disagree with everything they are teaching is true, we just don't teach it because it is considered politically incorrect. Texas is just saying “screw that” these are the facts and this is what we are going to teach. Obviously they can't get every historical fact, so they have to leave some stuff out. I would imagine when it comes to teaching one thing over another they pick the topic they think kids would find the most interesting. What would you have found more interesting, Isaac Newton and their apple, or how the military and NASA came up with Velcro?
I believe history needs to be taught as it was and the truth is much of our constitution is based on Judea Christian philosophy. I see no problem with saying the bible is where the founders got a lot of their ideas for our government, because that is the truth. The founding fathers journals and memoirs talk about the importance of god, and how religion shaped there lives. I completely throw out the notion that Thomas Jefferson was an atheist as the article kind of suggests, they were not the most religious of the founders and they questioned religion more than the rest but they had a strong belief in god.
As far as the economy goes, again we have to teach history the way it was not the way we wish it was, the founders believed government should not be involved in business. Hamilton wanted a central bank and tha
t was considered radical, I can't imagine what they would say about today's government intervention. The truth is every single founder today would be considered conservative. I'm not saying we teach all founders would be republicans, but we should teach that the founders believed, minimal government intrusion, and minimum taxation leads to economic prosperity. The article, skews the facts a little, what there actually going to teach is this is what our founders believed, and then talk about economics. Now you may believe they were wrong, but that is your opinion, it is not history.
There are a lot of things about our history I don't like; Obviously I'm not proud of slavery, but it happened, so we have to teach it. I would prefer to believe that during the civil war the north had the best leaders, the truth is though the south had superior brainpower in their war dept. the, north won because the north had more money. I'd like to believe that Joseph McCarthy was and evil SOB, ( I still think they are) but the truth is allot of the people they questioned were communists trying to change our government or destroy it.
I have done a lot of good things in my life, and allot of bad things in my life, and I've learned from both, our country is no different, we should not hide from our history, we should embrace it, the good, and the bad. As Churchill said so many years ago, “Those that fail to study history, are doomed to repeat it.”
James takes a look at these news clips, I linked, you probably still won't agree with what they are doing, but I think you will get a little better perspective on how this whole thing got started.
Texas Textbook Cleanup This is a story from January, and at that time the contraversary was the recommended changes. The Board had not yet really gotten involved.
Story that Started it all from March this year It was at this point more news networks kind of started covering it because it went against the liberal agenda.
Texas Textbook Controversy
Tempers Flare in Textbook Wars
That's My Thought
NOW WHERE IS MY PENNY!
FM OUT!
Advertisements
United Parcel Service is planning to drop 15,000 workers' spouses from its health insurance plan, citing higher costs due to Obamacare.
In an undated memo to employees, UPS (UPS) said it will discontinue coverage for all working spouses who are eligible for insurance with their own employer. That applies to about 15,000 spouses covered by UPS today.
The internal document was obtained by Kaiser Health News. UPS told the nonprofit news agency that the policy applies only to non-union U.S. workers. It hasn't responded to questions from CNNMoney.
In the memo, UPS said it's willing to take care of its own, but it won't bear a burden that other companies can take on.
Related: What you'll actually pay for Obamacare
"We believe your spouse should be covered by their own employer -- just as UPS has a responsibility to offer coverage to you, our employee," the memo states.
Spouses of UPS employees who don't work -- or who are not offered coverage by their own employer -- will get to stay on the UPS plan.
Most of the company's workers, such as delivery workers and truck drivers, are unionized through the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and receive insurance under a different plan.
UPS blamed the move on several aspects of Obamacare, including mandatory coverage for dependent children up to age 26 and new government fees.
"We are making these changes to offset cost increases due to the [Affordable Care Act]," the memo states.
In the memo, UPS said its health care costs usually increase about 7% a year, but that it expects those costs to climb by 11.25% in 2014 due to Obamacare.
The company also said that 35% of companies intend to make the same changes to their plans, but didn't cite specific market data.
A recent survey by consulting firm Towers Watson found that next year, 18% of employers will require that workers' spouses buy insurance from their own employer before turning to the surveyed company for insurance.
Related: The overblown Obamacare myth about small business
UPS's move is the latest example of the corporate response to Obamacare, although the law won't begin to kick in until Jan. 1.
Employers are worried that premiums will rise. And they'll also be required to pay a fee for every person on their plans, starting at $63 a head next year.
The federal Department of Health and Human Services has said the fee would help with the transition as the American health care system accepts many new sick, previously uninsured people.
It is the closest modern-day equivalent of the medieval crown and scepter—a symbol of supreme authority. Accompanying the commander in chief wherever they go, the innocuous-looking briefcase is touted in movies and spy novels as the ultimate power accessory, a doomsday machine that could destroy the entire world.
Officially known as the “president's emergency satchel,” the so-called nuclear “Football”—portable and hand-carried—is built around a sturdy aluminum frame, encased in black leather. A retired Football, emptied of its top-secret inner contents, is currently on display at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History. “We were looking for something that would demonstrate the incredible military power and responsibilities of the president, and we struck upon this iconic object,” says curator Harry Rubenstein.
Contrary to popular belief, the Football does not actually contain a big red button for launching a nuclear war. Its primary purpose is to confirm the president's identity, and it allows them to communicate with the National Military Command Center in the Pentagon, which monitors worldwide nuclear threats and can order an instant response. The Football also provides the commander in chief with a simplified menu of nuclear strike options—allowing them to decide, for example, whether to destroy all of America's enemies in one fell swoop or to limit themselves to obliterating only Moscow or Pyongyang or Beijing.
Although its origins remain highly classified, the Football can be traced back to the 1962 Cuban missile crisis. Privately, John F. Kennedy believed that nuclear weapons were, as they put it, “only good for deterring.” They also felt it was “insane that two men, sitting on opposite sides of the world, should be able to decide to bring an end to civilization.” Horrified by the doctrine known as MAD (mutually assured destruction), JFK ordered locks to be placed on nuclear weapons and demanded alternatives to the “all or nothing” nuclear war plan.
A declassified Kennedy memo documents the concerns that led to the invention of the Football as a system for verifying the identity of the commander in chief. The president posed the following chilling, but commonsense, questions:
“What would I say to the Joint War Room to launch an immediate nuclear strike?”
“How would the person who received my instructions verify them?”
According to former Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara, the Football acquired its name from an early nuclear war plan code-named “Dropkick.” (“Dropkick” needed a “football” in order to be put into effect.) The earliest known photograph of a military aide trailing the president with the telltale black briefcase (a modified version of a standard Zero-Halliburton model) was taken on May 10, 1963, at the Kennedy family compound in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts. Since 1963, the Football has become a staple of presidential trips, and was even photographed in Red Square in May 1988, accompanying President Ronald Reagan on a state visit to the Soviet Union. (Reagan's Soviet counterpart, Mikhail Gorbachev, was accompanied by a military aide who was clutching a very similar device, known in Russian as the chemodanchik, or “little briefcase.”)
A recurring complaint of presidents and military aides alike has been that the Football, which currently weighs around 45 pounds, contains too much documentation. President Jimmy Carter, who had qualified as a nuclear submarine commander, was aware that they would have only a few minutes to decide how to respond to a nuclear strike against the United States. Carter ordered that the war plans be drastically simplified. A former military aide to President Bill Clinton, Col. Buzz Patterson, would later describe the resulting pared-down set of choices as akin to a “Denny's breakfast menu.” “It's like picking one out of Column A and two out of Column B,” they told the History Channel.
The first unclassified reference to the existence of the Football is contained in a formerly top-secret memorandum from 1965 obtained by the National Security Archive of George Washington University. Tasked with reducing the weight of the Football, a senior defense official agreed this was a worthy goal, but added, “I am sure we can find strong couriers who are capable of carrying an additional pound or two of paper.”
For the Football to function as designed, the military aide must be nearby the commander in chief at all times and the president must be in possession of their authentication codes. Both elements of the system have failed on occasion. According to the former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Hugh Shelton, Clinton mislaid their laminated code card, nicknamed the “Biscuit,” for several months in 2000. “This is a big deal, a gargantuan deal,” the general complained in their 2010 autobiography, Without Hesitation: The Odyssey of an American Warrior.
An even closer brush with disaster came during the attempted assassination of Reagan in March 1981. During the chaos that followed the shooting, the military aide was separated from the president, and did not accompany them to the George Washington University hospital. In the moments before Reagan was wheeled into the operating theater, they were stripped of their clothes and other possessions. The Biscuit was later found abandoned, unceremoniously dumped in a hospital plastic bag. It seems unlikely that a crown or scepter would have been treated so cavalierly.
I'll tell you a little bit about one of the smartest people I have ever known.
My brother was very smart. Among my early memories of him, I remember at age six they had a notebook that they would keep hidden in the closet, buried under their folded clothes. It wasn't a diary as I discovered when I, out of curiosity and without their permission, decided to read it. To my surprise and disappointment it was full of numbers and equations I didn't understand. This notebook was their playground, a place where they could fulfill that part of themselves that no one understood, not even my parents. They had created their own way of calculating certain things that became the amusement of every adult they got in contact with.
For example, they would calculate the day of the week a person was born based on the age and birthday. So if my uncle said “I am 37 and my birthday is August 12”, in a split second my brother would say “you were born on a Saturday!” or whatever day their mind calculated and they would be correct every single time.
I remember one time we went to the movies with my cousins to celebrate one of their birthdays and after it ended we were all excited talking about what our favorite part of the movie was. When I asked my brother what they thought of the movie they said “there was a lot of dirt (dust and scratches) on that film”.
They were always looking at things differently and the everyday stuff that entertains kids didn't interest him. That's why they spent so much time with the adults - they appreciated them much more than kids did, including me.
I believe that smart people are quiet because whatever is going on in their minds is far more interesting than the mundane conversations that people have like the latest TV shows, celebrities or the new consumer products. My brother opened up when you talked about music theory, numbers or politics.
Their favorite number was π. A mathematician would say there's no mystery in that number, and for the most part it is true. My brother passed away on March 14, 2015.
**EDIT**
I want to say thank you. I didn't expect so many upvotes on my answer, and even less curiosity and questions about my story.
Yes, the story is real and yes, they did die on that date which coincides with the number Pi. It is one of those gifts of life.
Many asked how they died. My brother passed away after years of battling a brain tumor. It was deep in their brain and surgery was too risky so they were treated with a procedure called Gamma Knife. The procedure literally fried the tumor inside their brain but because of the type of tumor it was impossible to remove it completely. Glioblastomas are aggressive and the prognosis was that they would live something between 18 months and 3 years. They lived 6. I am not a doctor so forgive me if I confuse terms.
The treatment changed him. They went from being a genius with no social skills to a more social and engaging person. The trade-off was that their math skills lowered, still above the average person though. We all agreed that they got more than they lost, although from time to time they felt the frustration.
After six years under control the tumor decided to grow again aggressively and in a matter of weeks my brother dimmed down like a lightbulb. There was no pain.
The Windows 8 Consumer Preview was released just under two months ago by Microsoft on February 29th, but a new claim by the company says the number of people using the preview version of the OS is already past that of the Windows 7 beta release at the same time period for both versions. In a post on the official Windows 8 Twitter page, Microsoft stated:
Windows 8 consumer preview usage more than twice Windows 7 beta at the same point in time. Millions of people using everyday. #thankyou
Naturally, the post doesn't give any more specifics about exactly how many people are using Windows 8, nor how many downloads Microsoft has recorded for the Consumer Preview version since the February 29th launch. Microsoft did say that the Windows 8 Consumer Preview was downloaded one million times in the first day of its release.
If Microsoft's stats are indeed correct, that would mean that the controversy over Windows 8's Metro interface isn't stopping people from trying it out. The next big hurdle will be if more people will try out the release candidate version of Windows 8. That build, which is rumored to be called the "Release Preview", is expected to be launched this summer, and perhaps as early as the end of May.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE burst back into Washington on Sunday evening making clear that they are not relenting in their battle to hobble the Patriot Act.
“Are we going to so blithely give up our freedom? Are we going to so blindly go along and take it?” the Kentucky Republican and presidential candidate said from the Senate floor, raising their voice to reach the approximately two dozen supporters wearing “Stand with Rand” t-shirts in the chamber gallery.
“I'm not going to take it anymore,” they added. “I don't think the American people are going to take it anymore.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Paul spoke minutes after an altercation with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), a frequent sparring partner over the years who accused the Kentucky Republican of not understanding Senate rules.
The Senate is holding a rare Sunday session on National Security Agency legislation in large part because of Paul, who more than a week ago objected to a short-term extension of the Patriot Act.
Paul also appears intent on unilaterally forcing the three provisions of the Patriot Act to expire at midnight, by preventing the Senate from voting on reform legislation until later in the week.
Backers of legislation to renew the Patriot Act provisions but end the NSA's bulk collection of Americans' phone records — known as the USA Freedom Act — appeared confident heading into Sunday that they had the 60 votes necessary to proceed.
But Paul can still the stop the bill dead in its tracks — at least temporarily.
The Senate needs unanimous consent of the chamber to begin voting on a second procedural step on Sunday evening, without waiting until 1 a.m. on Tuesday morning.
Paul's opposition is likely to mean they don't get it, forcing the Senate over the midnight deadline and killing the three legal measures.
Paul appears primed to chip away at the powers of the National Security Agency (NSA), which they have described as illegal and unconstitutional.
“This is a debate over the Bill of Rights,” they said. “This is a debate over the Fourth Amendment. This is a debate over your right to be left alone.”
Local authorities are urging Kyrgyz herdsmen in the mountains of a far-western prefecture in northwestern China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region to report suspicious people and events to the government in a new move to monitor Muslim Uyghurs in the restive area.
Liu Huijun, party secretary of Kizilsu Kirghiz Autonomous Prefecture, and prefecture governor Dilshat Kidirhan published an open letter to the Kyrgyz herdsmen on the government's news portal on March 31, local police told RFA's Uyghur Service.
The letter said the Kyrgyz people, who make up nearly 30 percent of the prefecture's Uyghur-dominated population, have maintained a “patriotic culture” since ancient times and have always protected the country's borders.
It also urged them to take on a “political mission” to protect the borders to ensure stability in the restive area where Uyghurs sometimes balk at heavy-handed tactics by the Chinese to suppress their culture, language, and religion. Many try to cross the border into Kyrgyzstan.
The letter asked the herdsman to turn every yurt in the grasslands into a watchtower and every herdsman into a border guard.
The Kyrgyz herdsmen were also asked to fight against “separatists, extremists, and illegal elements” and not let them cross the border—a reference to Uyghurs believed by the Chinese government to perpetuate religious extremism and terrorist attacks in Xinjiang.
The letter said officials will increase the monthly salary of herdsmen willing to take on these extra duties to 1,300 yuan (U.S. $190) from 800 yuan (U.S. $116).
“The Kyrgyz herdsman who are located along the border have duties in addition to herding and going about their daily lives, and that is to inform the government about suspicious activities and suspicious people around the border,” said the chief of the prefecture's Oytagh township police station, who declined to give their name.
Spreading the news
After the open letter was published, the county party committee and the Oytagh township police began a campaign to promote its contents, they said.
“Last Monday, after the flag-raising ceremony, we started our campaign to learn and propagate the spirit of the letter,” they said. “All ethnic groups including Uyghur, Kyrgyz, and others studied the letter.”
A police officer in Barin township, who declined to give their name, said officers have recently been watching the station around the clock lately because the situation in the area, which is the most sensitive part of the Kizilsu Kirghiz prefecture, remains tense.
The township is where an uprising and armed revolt occurred between Uyghur militants and Chinese government forces in April 1990. Reports of the incident vary, but Uyghurs maintain that security forces killed and arrested hundreds of Uyghur fighters.
Authorities also arrested more than 7,900 Uyghurs following an ensuing crackdown on “criminal activities of ethnic splittists [separatists] and other criminal offenders,” according to reports at the time.
“We have only one Kyrgyz village in our town, so right now we have sent special cadres and auxiliary police there to spread propaganda on the issue,” they said. “The other villages are Uyghur villages, so just a summary of the letter was disseminated to them.”
Authorities are promoting the letter mainly in villages in border areas, such as Muji and Bulungkol in Akto (in Chinese, Aketao) county, they said.
“The Krygyz herdsmen have duties to report suspicious people and activities to the government,” they said, adding that they could not disclose the identities of the herdsman whom authorities have enlisted.
Ilshat Hesen, chairperson of the Washington, D.C.-based Uyghur American Association, said the Chinese government's use of the Kyrgyz herdsmen on the Pamir Plateau as spies shows that China has turned into a police state.
“Before this, Chinese authorities used Uchturpan [county] and the Pamir [Plateau] as their eyes and ears to capture Uyghurs who were escaping to other countries,” they told RFA.
“Now, urging the Kyrgyz herdsman to spy on Uyghurs by publishing an open letter to them is nothing but turning the Uyghurs and Kyrgyz against each other.”
Reported by Eset Sulaiman for RFA's Uyghur Service. Translated by Mamatjan Juma. Written in English by Roseanne Gerin.
Before the sugar police interject, I realise that the inclusions of agave and maple syrup don't strictly make this sugar-free; to clarify, I'm just talking about the really over-processed cane sugar in this recipe. Yes, of course maple syrup is a sugar, but it is a high-level, natural source of zinc and manganese (amazing antioxidants and immune system support), plus I find it doesn't give me the groggy ‘sugar crash' that the white stuff does. Agave syrup is a fructose not a glucose so again, doesn't have the same dramatic ‘spike and crash' effect on blood sugar levels and is 1.4 times sweeter than sugar so you need less of it.
Right, onto the recipe. I decided I wouldn't post this until the chocoholic husband was satisfied that it was ‘as good as the real thing'. Which, let me tell you, is no mean feat for a dairy-free, refined sugar-free, superfood alternative.
The proportions are really tricky to get right (the inspiration was a similar recipe from the Honestly Healthy cookbook; I have simply adapted it to our tastebuds). You want that intense chocolatey hit from the raw cacao but a smooth, light texture, too. Enter stage left: avocado. Its velvety creaminess is what makes this dessert, but then I use agave as a sweetener to mask the slightly ‘green' flavour it adds. So, here it goes:
Ingredients for 4 ramekins or 2 bowls:
2 medium or 3 small ripe avocados
1tbsp coconut oil, melted (I do this in a heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of water on the hob)
2.5tbsp raw cacao powder, sifted
2tbsp agave syrup
1tbsp maple syrup (or just use 3 of agave, however I like a hit of maple to add depth)
Method:
Put the avocado flesh and coconut oil in a blender and whizz until VERY smooth and glossy. You need really ripe avocados to achieve this texture.
Add the sifted cacao powder and whizz again for a minute or so.
Add the agave and maple syrups and give a final whizz.
Now taste. Is it too bitter? (add a touch more agave/maple). Too thick? (add a little water and whizz).
It then needs a good 1.5hours to refrigerate. I usually serve it with a scattering of berries.
I've tried soooo many variations on this recipe. I've taken out half the avocado and tried with banana instead, which definitely made it sweeter (perhaps a good alternative for kids?) but it does change the texture. I love the glossy, decadent, intensity of this version.
Let me know what you think!
CF x
There are This articles was co-authored by Paul Chernyak, LPC . Paul Chernyak is a Licensed Professional Counselor in Chicago. They graduated from the American School of Professional Psychology in 2011.There are 33 references cited in this article, which can be found at the bottom of the page.
In this Article:Controlling Your SurroundingsPaying Attention to Your EmotionsCalming Yourself PhysicallyDealing with AnxietyWhen Should You Try This?Community Q&A33 References
Life can make you experience some intense, turbulent emotions: sadness, anger, jealousy, despair, or emotional pain. It is not always possible (or even a good idea) to turn off these emotions, since they can help you work through your problems and improve your life.[1] However, sometimes strong emotions can make it difficult for you to function, and you have to numb yourself temporarily just to get through the day. To make yourself emotionally numb under such circumstances, you'll need to work at controlling your surroundings, paying close attention to your emotions, calming yourself physically, and dealing with anxiety as it pops up.
See When Should You Try This? to learn more about when numbing your emotions might be a good course of action.
When people ask me why I paid to upgrade my OKCupid online dating profile to have additional features, I usually tell them that it is so I can have access to the list of people who rated my profile highly so that I can message them.
The real story is that one of the questions asked of OKCupid users is whether or not they dislike cats, and I wanted to be able to filter out those men who don't like cats. The fact of the matter is, I am looking for a long-term partner at this point in my life, and that partner also loving my cat, Keith, is going to be hugely important to me. Some may say that it is this kind of behavior that makes cat ladies die alone. But cat ladies never die alone, they die with their cats!
For those dates who don't come from OKCupid, of which I have a relatively decent amount, figuring out if my date is a cat person is a bit trickier. There are some people who throw themselves out of the running right away by admitting that they hate cats. But others might attempt to disguise their cat contempt and play along that they are fine with cats. Here are five ways to spot them.
1. They use the line “I like cats, but dogs are just SO much better”
This statement seems benign at first — they simply have a preference for dogs. As a huge dog lover, I understand their appeal and hold nothing against those that prefer dogs. My first and only love was unapologetically more of a dog person but they still cared about our cat deeply. So when I think of what I would do if told by a date that they had a dog or loved dogs, my response would be, “Oh, me too!” and some further attempt to connect on the topic. It isn't like comparing favorite football teams where the competitive banter can be flirtatious — this statement is a totally unnecessary degradation of your animal companion, when there are plenty of other affirming ways of acknowledging your cat love. The “Oh, I'm just a dog person” excuse doesn't have to be offensive in the way that the above statement is, by unnecessarily comparing one to the other to make your animal preference seem inferior.
2. They don't immediately attempt to win your cat's favor on their first visit to your home
In the same way that I would see it is a huge red flag if a date did not introduce themselves and acknowledge a roommate (if I had one), if there is a living, breathing creature in the room with you and they don't say hello or attempt to make some kind of connection, it indicates not mere ambivalence but strong dislike. Cats are living things and while they aren't going to have a chat with your date about the latest in local politics, they deserve acknowledgement and wooing from a potential partner. If they don't make the attempt, it indicates a level of disinterest, which can be a deal-breaker for people whose cats are tremendously important in their lives.
3. They call your cat “it” when they have been informed of the cat's name
Again, your cat is a living creature, which you have clearly deigned to share living space with. Your cat has a name. If they can't be bothered to remember it and use it, chances are they don't have any intentions of caring about the cat's well-being or respecting the value of you and your cat's relationship. Your cat is not a piece of furniture or head of lettuce. No one calls your cat “it,” period.
4. They deliver the “Yeah, you can definitely tell you have a cat” line upon entering your home
As someone who obsessively cleans my cat's litter, I still get self-conscious when bringing a guy over because of the possibility that Keith has just dropped something serious in the litter box. The reality is that cat facilities are indoors and without proper diligence it can smell a bit like, well, you know. But bringing up this fact is not only an insult to you and your home, it is a snide reminder that many who dislike cats like to make: that cats are gross because they go inside. As a dog-lover, I won't go too far into the (non) merits of a species that defecates in THE STREET, which then has to be cleaned up after in the freshest state, but can we all just agree that taking care of pet business is all equally unpleasant in different ways? Your home's vague smell of cat is fine, don't let a hater tell you otherwise.
5. They EVER utters the words “It's just a cat”
I can't count the number of times I have heard this, whether it is in regard to me needing to pick up cat food or the prospect of just “upgrading” to a dog when I have the time, money, and real estate. Yes, sir, I do need to leave (or at least detour) from our date to pick up food for my cat because even though they are JUST a cat, they are (surprise surprise!) capable of hunger, malnutrition, and even starvation! No, sir, I do not wish to abandon my “starter” pet for a dog when I live in a building that allows it and I have the disposable income for a dog walker. Once I got this line when asked about moving out of the country at some point, and I said it would depend on the quarantine regulations of the country. They couldn't conceive of that playing a role in whether or not one might pursue a job or an extended stay in another country. After all, it's JUST a cat to them.
So what do you think? Are these fair? Any other helpful tips for spotting the stealth feline haters that we should look out for? Let us know in the comments.
Read more on dating and cat guys:
Garda whistleblower Keith Harrison's partner was compelled by gardaí to make a statement against them which led to a Tusla referral, their solicitor has claimed.
Garda whistleblower Keith Harrison's partner was compelled by gardaí to make a statement against them which led to a Tusla referral, their solicitor has claimed.
Whistleblower's partner was 'compelled by gardai to make statement against him'
Mr Harrison has come forward to demand that their own treatment at the hands of gardaí and Tusla be included in a public inquiry into the garda whistleblower scandal involving Sgt Maurice McCabe.
The Donegal-based garda claims to be the victim of a five-year intimidation campaign after arresting a fellow officer for drink driving in Athlone in 2009.
Their solicitor Trevor Collins said Mr Harrison's partner Marissa Simms was brought into a station by gardaí where they were compelled to make a statement against Mr Harrison.
This resulted in a file being opened by Tusla in relation to an unfounded allegation of "emotional abuse".
Mr Collins said that Ms Simms was told that if they did not make a statement "her kids were in jeopardy".
A referral was subsequently made to Tusla by a senior garda, the solicitor said.
However, Tusla wrote back and said there was no issue to investigate.
Read more: Keith Harrison's partner was told 'kids in jeopardy' if they didn't make statement against them
But four months later, Tusla again wrote to Mr Harrison and Ms Simms inviting them to a meeting to discuss their children. The solicitor said there was nothing on the file to justify the letter.
A day later Tusla social workers requested an inspection of their home.
Mr Collins said their credibility as parents had been wrongly attacked.
They also said garda authorities failed to comply for almost two-and-a-half years with a request for information from Garda Síochána Ombudsman Commission (GSOC) investigators probing the alleged mistreatment of Mr Harrison.
Investigation
GSOC launched an investigation in August 2014 into claims Mr Harrison was targeted by colleagues after they arrested a drug squad officer for drink driving in 2009.
But the probe stalled due to the failure of garda authorities to release information to GSOC investigators until early this year, according to Mr Harrison's solicitor.
The information was only released after the issue was raised at an Oireachtas Committee and Mr Collins said GSOC Commissioner Mary Ellen Ring had to get personally involved to secure its release.
The garda, who is currently on sick leave but wishes to return to duties, met with a number of politicians yesterday pressing their case for inclusion in the public inquiry which will look into the McCabe affair.
Mr Collins said Taoiseach Enda Kenny had refused to meet them.
However, Children's Minister Katherine Zappone, junior minister Finian McGrath, Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin and the party's justice spokesperson Jim O'Callaghan all agreed to meetings.
Irish Independent
MANILA, Philippines — The government should consider floating tapping the Islamic banking system and float bonds to help raise funds to rebuilt war-shattered Marawi City, a lawmaker said.
Representative Frederick Siao of Iligan City, less than 40 kilometers from Marawi, said the government can work with the Islamic Investment Bank of the Philippines (Al Amanah) to develop “sukuk,” or Islamic financial certificates, that comply with sharia laws.
Issuing sukuk will not only augment the budget for Marawi's reconstruction but also allow the Philippines to tap the 57-member countries of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation, they said.
Quoting Al Amanah chair and chief executive officer of Alex Bangola, Siao's statement said the sukuk can be compared to government bonds, except these financial papers do not adhere to the Western concept of riba or interest.
Siao, who is a member of the House of Representatives' committee on Mindanao affairs, pointed out that the Qatar Investment Authority recently announced that it has at least $320 billion in excess funds that may be used for energy projects in the Philippines and Southeast Asia.
“I am aware of the Department of Finance's plan to issue ‘Marawi bonds' on January 2018. I support that move and I believe that can be complemented by the issuance of sukuk that I am suggesting in order to give our Muslim allies throughout the world an opportunity to help rebuild the Islamic trading city of Marawi,” Siao said.
“We do not want band-aid solutions. We want a total solution to the economic, social, and political woes that are root causes of the discontent in Marawi and western Mindanao,” Siao said.
Under Siao's proposal, the Department of Finance, through the Bureau of Treasury, shall be the issuer of the bonds and Al Amanah the marketer.
The Iligan lawmaker said the P30 billion worth of debt securities the DOF intends to issue would not be enough for the needed reconstruction and rehabilitation of Marawi.
“The P30 billion is enough only for some key structures but insufficient to implement a master plan not just for Marawi but also the surrounding towns, the Lake Lanao area, and to integrate them with Mindanao and the Visayas,” they said.
One star, its fourth planet, and a lot of buzzes.
That's what's happening as planet-hunters digest the news that European astronomers have detected planet No. 4 orbiting a star with the imaginative moniker: Gliese 581. The new planet has 1.9 times Earth's mass, making it the tiniest exoplanet astronomers have bagged to date.
The golden Easter egg in this hunt, of course, is the elusive Earthlike planet orbiting a star in its habitable zone. There, it's not too hot and not too cold, but just right for liquid water to gather and persist on the planet's surface.
To spot a planet this small, and use an Earth-based telescope to do it, is a big deal.
"This is really the most exciting new discovery in the field of exoplanets," enthused Debra Fischer, an astronomer at San Francisco State University and an active planet hunter, in an e-mail exchange. It's an impressive achievement, they continue, in no small part because the planet's tell-tale signature is tiny compared with larger planets astronomers have found using the same detection technique.
Looking for stars that wobble
The approach detects the presence of a planet through the tiny tug its gravity imparts on its host star. This appears as a periodic wobble in the star's spectrum. The tool in this case was a sensitive planet-hunting spectrograph called HARPS bolted to the back end of the European Southern Observatory's 3.6-meter telescope at La Silla, Chile.
In the process of nabbing this new planet, the European team also refined estimates of the orbits of three other planets in the system – a revision that pulled a planet with seven times Earth's mass more securely into Gliese 581's narrow habitable zone. That planet, Gliese 581d, was discovered in 2007, and orbits the star once every 66.8 days.
Gliese 581d "is probably too massive to be made only of rocky material, but we can speculate that it is an icy planet that has migrated closer to the star," according to Stephane Udry, an astronomer with the University of Geneva's Geneva Observatory and a member of the research team. This would make it "the first serious water-world candidate," they noted in a prepared statement.
The results were unveiled on Monday at a conference at the University of Hertfordshire in Britain. The work has been submitted to the journal Astronomy & Astophysics for formal publication. You can download a pdf "preprint" of the paper here.
Gliese 581 is 20.5 light-years from Earth, in the constellation Libra. As stars go, it's a munchkin. It has roughly one-third of the sun's mass and is only about one-third as large as the sun. It's an M-dwarf star.
But by some estimates, M-dwarfs account for 70 percent of the stars in our galaxy.
Happy hunting grounds
This small size – and ubiquity – makes these stars tempting hunting grounds for astronomers searching for other worlds. The stars' smaller mass, and hence weaker gravity, means that any Earth-sized planets will be orbiting an M-dwarf more closely than they might a larger star.
In essence, an Earthlike planet's gravitational tug on an M-dwarf would be more noticeable than it would if a more massive star was involved. That doesn't mean detection is a cakewalk. It's just relatively easier than spotting an Earth-size planet around a larger star with a more-distant habitable zone.
In the case of the new planet, dubbed Gliese 581e, it's circling the star once every 3 to 15 days. And it's doing so at a distance of just under 3 million miles. The researchers say it's very likely to be a rocky orb.
And so close to its star that it would be inhospitable to the max. Or would it?
A habitat on the dark side?
M-dwarf planets are notorious for launching enormous flares into space, Dr. Fischer explains. Gliese 581e is so close that it's likely to be locked to the star in such a way that it has a permanent day and permanent night side – no rotation. Especially during flares, the day side would become the fried side. Even without flares, the day side would be bathed in ultraviolet radiation and assaulted by the "wind" of charged particles streaming from Gliese 581.
The back side, however, would be shielded from such events.
If the planet has a magnetic field, possible given its mass, that field could protect the surface from the star's charged-particle wind, which would otherwise strip away an atmosphere.
So one key question, they say, is whether the planet has a substantial atmosphere – which it may not, given its mass. If it does, however, and it has sufficient protection from the star's wind, atmospheric circulation potentially could redistribute heat to the dark side. There, "one could imagine that liquid water could accumulate," they add. "While this planet doesn't fall into the classical habitable zone, I wouldn't discount it as an interesting environment for life."
Update 4/23/09: It turns out the water-world candidate may not fit into the habitable zone either. You can read about that here.
Free Energy from Air Heat Pumps – is that Magic?
October 30th, 2011 by Susan Kraemer
Moving back to my native New Zealand this year, I had the chance to try a different kind of heating system for our house here. One of the most intriguing technologies I'm hearing about here is something I never heard of – an air heat pump.
I was familiar with the very eco correct “geothermal” or ground heat pump, only because I write about green building. These pumps air through pipes that loop through your house and down about 5 feet underground where the temperature is a relatively constant 55 degrees F, summer and winter, from Maine to Miami, bringing up a moderate temperature, even though above-ground temperatures can veer from below 0 to over 100 through the seasons. Staying at a moderate 55 F year round makes it a lot easier to make up the difference (with heating or cooling) to the comfortable 65 or so that we humans evolved to like best.
So I was surprised to find that here, “air” heat pumps appear to be such a normal and everyday way to heat a home, that flashy advertisements vie for your attention in every hardware store, showing how comfortable and warm your family will be with a heat pump to complete the happy home.
But strangely, no marketing emphasis is put on the incredible energy efficiency of the air heat pump! Yet the only energy it needs is the small amount of electricity needed to drive the fan to squirt the heated air, and an air compressor.
It delivers more energy than a 100% efficient heater, which uses 9 kw of electricity to deliver 9 kw of heat. But heat pumps transfer 3 to 4 times the energy that it takes to operate, so they can deliver the same 9 kw of heating from under 3 kw of power.
They extract heat from ambient air outside, filter out particles, molds and pollens and bring heated, dried air inside, using a process a bit like the refrigerator working in reverse. Air heat pumps are controlled by a thermostat so you can adjust heating levels, just like with an actual heater.
That heat pumps can warm a home with no electricity for heating – even when it is colder outside than inside – makes them seem to work by something akin to magic.
The way it actually works is science. It's kind of how a fridge works:
1. A refrigerant gas is contained inside a copper tube that runs from the outside to inside, and this gas has the ability to absorb heat from air.
2. The gas is passed through a compressor, which heats it up to over 140 degrees F.
3. The gas carries the heat through copper pipes that enter the house to be stored in the heat exchange unit.
4. Fans blow the heat in.
In the summer, you can simply run them in reverse, to cool the inside of the house, sending the heat out.
About the Author Susan Kraemer writes at CleanTechnica, CSP-Today and Renewable Energy World. They have also been published at Wind Energy Update, Solar Plaza, Earthtechling PV-Insider , and GreenProphet, Ecoseed, NRDC OnEarth, MatterNetwork, Celsius, EnergyNow, and Scientific American. As a former serial entrepreneur in product design, Susan brings an innovator's perspective on inventing a carbon-constrained civilization: If necessity is the mother of invention, solving climate change is the mother of all necessities! As a lover of history and sci-fi, they enjoy chronicling the strange future we are creating in these interesting times. Follow Susan on Twitter @dotcommodity.
What you don't do determine what you can do. – Tim Ferriss
Have you ever lost out on an opportunity because you had already committed to something mediocre?
Maybe you agree to see an average movie only to get invited later to go snowboarding that same day. Or perhaps you commit to working exclusively with one client over the next four weeks – only to be forced to turn down a better offer you receive a day later.
While you could renege on your promises in both of these situations, if you do that too many times you'll find yourself without any friends or customers.
So what do you do when you find yourself saying “yes” to the wrong things? Or, more importantly, how do you know what to say “yes” to in the first place?
Especially for those of us who are optimists, saying “no” can be difficult. Every “no” can feel like a missed opportunity. We become concerned that we might say “no” to the one idea, relationship, or experience that would shape the rest of our lives.
And that's a scary place to be.
But the reality of it is, you can't say “yes” to everything. So how do you know when, how, and what to say “no” to?
Saying “no” is about prioritization
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities. – Stephen Covey
Most decisions in life are not a “yes” or “no” – they are an “either/or”.
Each “yes” has an opportunity cost associated with it. In other words, in order to spend your time or money on one thing, you give up the opportunity to spend it on something else. This doesn't mean you should avoid risk – as I mentioned in “I pitched the CEO of a billion dollar company and this is what happened”, spending a few minutes to try something new can provide a substantial ROI.
Ultimately, saying “no” is about prioritization. With each “no” you give yourself time to focus on the things that matter most to you.
As a VC discussed in an interview with Forbes, by saying “no” to the less important things, you are able to spend your time and money on the things that truly matter to you, your organization, and your legacy.
As we all know from the Pareto Principle, 20% of what you do produces 80% of your value. By finding ways to say “no” to more of the trivial activities in your life, you become capable of focusing your efforts on the 20% that truly matters.
A quick and easy way to help ensure that you spend your resources appropriately is to simply ask yourself, “Is this really the best way to spend my time or money?” James Clear has a phenomenal article discussing this tradeoff. Determining what your time is worth can be challenging, but those who discover how to do this are able to organize their priorities, focus on what matters to them most, and accomplish more over their lifetimes.
“Yes”, “No”, or “On hold” – deciding what projects to pursue
The difference between successful people and really successful people are that really successful people say no to almost everything. – Warren Buffett
Knowing how to respond to each given task isn't always easy. How do you decide which projects to say “yes” to, which ones to put on hold, and which ones turn down completely?
To start, it's essential to realize that saying “no” does not make you a negative person.
Our society often associates the word “no” with being dull, unadventurous, or a tightwad – basically everything that's not American. Our nation is the “land of opportunity” and responding in the negative is treated as an almost anti-opportunity response.
This thinking is wrong.
As Psychology Today shares, “No recognizes that we are the agents of our own limits”. “No” doesn't mean that we're trying to be jerks. Nor does it mean that we are worse at multitasking (something that is actually impossible to do) than others. It simply means that we have prioritized our life. We know what we want and we know what's required to achieve this success.
A great example of this knows when to make the transition from full time employee to entrepreneur. This is one of the greatest dilemmas in many people's lives. Initially, it may be possible to run your business in the evenings and on weekends – while still maintaining your day job. However, it gets to a point when this is not physically possible!
Because your business is unable to scale unless you spend more time on it, you are forced to make a decision – either keep your business as a hobby, or leave the security and stability of your paycheck.
It would be great to keep your job and excel in your business. But, realistically, unless you fully commit to one, you'll remain mediocre at both.
So, the question remains, how do you know what activities to choose, and which ones to turn down?
To start, know what you must absolutely say “yes” to
Before you can know how to respond to requests from others (or yourself) it's critical to know where your priorities are. What tasks deserve an absolute “yes”?
One of the easiest ways to know what to say “no” to is to have a healthy understanding of what matters most to you.
From your overarching life goal, to the essential elements that keep your business running, what are the things that require a “yes” to keep your life trajectory in the right direction?
This may be something grandiose, like turning down a job to start your own business. But it could also be those small, consistent routines that keep your life on track.
One example of this for me is how I spend every Saturday: watering my plants, changing 20% of my fish tank water, scanning and archiving mail/receipts, check business books for the past week, etc. By breaking many parts of my life, home and business into smaller recurring parts I am able to prevent things like my plants drying up, my fish getting an infection, or my mail and bills piling up.
These habits and others solve all the immediate needs my life and business have in the most efficient way possible so I have more time to say “yes” to other things. By staying on top of these critical activities, I prevent myself from playing catchup in the future – something that always takes more time than being proactive in the first place.
Once you know the things that are critical to your success, you know where you should spend the majority of your time.
Then, create a “do not do” list with your absolute “no” tasks
As I've mentioned before, I'm a strong believer in organizing your life with apps, folders, and calendars. By efficiently prioritizing your projects, you prevent important items and tasks from falling through the cracks.
However, one of my Todoist folders (and a very important one) is my “Do not do” list – something I gained from reading David Allen's Getting Things Done.
My “Do not do” list contains things that I have determined I will absolutely not do. This folder allows me to dump ideas or tasks that I realize aren't worth my time – so that I can keep myself focused on the areas the real matter.
Just as you garage accumulates with junk that's never used, your schedule can fill up with tasks that aren't of any real value. This might be habitually checking how many views your blog posts or YouTube videos have; or it could be mowing your own lawn if it's financially smarter to pay the neighborhood kid to do it. The tasks on the “do not do” list may not be bad, but they can take your focus away from tasks that deliver results.
By understanding the absolute “no” tasks, you eliminate another small segment of your to-do list.
When possible, respond with an unconventional “yes”
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes. – Tony Blair
If you find yourself saying “no” to the same activity over and over, but it's something that you do value, perhaps it's time to find an unconventional way to say “yes”.
For example, the web is filled with bloggers running their own courses. When you realize that people keep asking you the same question over and over again, and you don't have time to respond, it may be worth creating a course that covers the information they are asking about. Although courses still require a substantial amount of time to create, they do give you the opportunity to share your knowledge with a vast group of people who you wouldn't be able to communicate with otherwise – and potentially make a decent amount of money in the process.
Another option for a situation where you don't have time to help someone is to refer them to someone else who has the time, skills, or rate that fits their needs.
No isn't always saying “no”. Sometimes it's simply ignoring someone because we don't see value in the response. However, spending a few minutes to decide if you can help the individual can go a long way. A great book on discovering the value of helping people in small ways is “Give and Take” by Adam Grant. When you connect people, you strengthen your relationship with both individuals. The person who you referred is grateful for the connection. Meanwhile, the person you referred them to will appreciate the added business.
These are just two of many ways that you can find a way to “yes” to the person while still saying “no” to the direct request.
Say “yes” to more by hiring an assistant
To succeed today, you have to set priorities, decide what you stand for. – Lee Iacocca
As the CEO of SupportNinja and a diehard outsourcer, an article on priorities wouldn't be complete without mention of outsourcing.
Over the year's I've discovered that I can say “yes” to far more by learning to effectively manage an outsourced workforce.
Because hiring an assistant very clearly has a cost associated with it, it's not a solution to everything. You can't spend the same evening out with the guys and with your girlfriend by hiring a virtual assistant.
However, you can take on more clients, remove bigger hurdles, and substantially grow your productivity with an assistant.
To maximize the benefit of having an assistant, discover how to delegate tasks appropriately. You can't hire a virtual assistant to run your business for you (if someone can run your company without any input, why shouldn't they just start their own?), but you can begin handing off the repetitive tasks that often consume the majority of your time.
Personally, I have seen tremendous results from automating and outsourcing as much of my life as possible. Discovering how and when to outsource can save you thousands of hours – and allow you to say “yes” to more.
Say “no” to everything else
Say no to things you want but know you won't really use. Say no to things you thought were important at the time of thinking of it but later decided it really wasn't. Say no to things you continue procrastinating about. Say no to buying something you can't afford. Each one of these “no's” give you control over your future.
For every activity that isn't essential, doesn't receive an unconventional “yes”, and can't be outsourced, it's time to say “no” – without regrets. If they're great ideas, add them to a list of future projects or “projects to be outsourced”, but then let them sit. You need to prioritize your time on the projects that are most important to you at this point in time.
When you clearly define what matters to you and your business, there's no reason to feel guilty about turning down activities, projects, or relationships that aren't in-line with your ultimate objectives.
And don't look at it as being selfish. Ideally, your life goals include making a difference in the world. Therefore, by focusing entirely on your end game, you'll be able to help more people in the long run.
Become a minimalist thinker – focus on your few key priorities
Focusing is about saying no. – Steve Jobs
The context of saying no applies to things we want to do as well as things we do not want to do. Being able to encode our single greatest priorities in the most important aspects of our life is detrimental in our eternal well-being.
I like to refer to this as minimalist thinking. The more minimal we are in our approach to our goals, the more time we will have to spend on other important aspects of our life.
You can think of this as finding the minimum effective dose and applying it to our cognitive thinking process.
The minimum effective dose concept is the idea that you should exert just enough energy to reach the intended result, but nothing extra. For example, because water boils at 212 degrees, if you heat it up to 220 degrees you aren't received any added benefit – you're only increasing your power bill.
Saying “no” to activities and ideas that are extra, and don't provide any real benefit to your purpose or objectives, will result in a happier, more pleasant, and more productive life. Admittedly, I can't determine what (if any) of those activities are necessary for you. To discover this requires that you spend a few hours every so often looking at how you spend your time and comparing it to your overarching life goals.
Discovering when to say “no” is essential for success in business and in life. But don't take my word for it, hear it from one of the greatest business people to ever live, Steve Jobs:
Post Revisions: There are no revisions for this post.
Comedian Amy Schumer's New Year's Eve performance in New Orleans has moved to a smaller venue.
A post on the event's Facebook page noted the switch, and to downsize, from the Smoothie King Center to the Mahalia Jackson Theater for the Performing Arts.
“The Amy Schumer show has been relocated to the Mahalia Jackson Theater at 1419 Basin St, New Orleans, LA 70116. The show will still take place on Saturday, December 31st at 8:00 PM. Doors open at 7:00 PM. All patrons who purchased tickets through Ticketmaster will automatically be relocated and receive an email with new seat locations. Those who purchased directly from the venue must return their tickets to the Smoothie King Center for a refund. Please check the website below for updated information on an on-sale date for the new venue.”
Here is the website they are referring to: http://www.ticketmaster.com/amy-schumer-new-orleans-louisiana-12-31-2016/event/1B00517DC5CE7518
On-sale times for tickets to the relocated show have not yet been confirmed.
Other comedians have also had a change-of-plans for shows in New Orleans. Adam Sandler, David Spade and Rob Schneider canceled their stand-up sets at the last minute earlier this month, and Workaholics star Adam Devine backed out on a show scheduled for February.
Meanwhile, Chris Rock added two shows to their stint at the Saenger Theatre in March due to overwhelming demand.
Get the "How to handle angry customers" guide
We've covered how to deal with angry customers. Now let's see it in action.
Editor's note: This post has been updated for accuracy and freshness. The original version first appeared on the Groove blog on December 1, 2015.
In customer service, angry and upset customers are a fact of life. They're not going away, no matter how good your business is.
People have bad days, and things go wrong. And you're left to solve the problem.
We've covered this topic before, from handling bad reviews to putting your best foot forward in social media support.
But I thought it would be helpful (and fun) to see a real example of these concepts in action.
Today, I'll share a story from a friend and Groove customer, Kyle Racki of Proposify, about how they handled a situation with an angry customer on Twitter.
As we all know, in the early days of a startup, product issues do happen, and they happen often. You're focused on making the product better, but especially at the start with your resources spread thin, this is an uphill climb.
The single best way to compensate for that shortcoming is to offer undeniably excellent customer service.
Proposify's focus on stellar support is what got them through their early days, including in today's example.
We'll look at the juicy details of what happened, and analyze Kyle's response to see what we can learn about dealing with angry customers on social media.
But before we get into it, I want to give you with a simple framework you can use every time to diffuse tense situation and deliver great service to your customers.
5 Steps to Excellent Customer Service Recovery
The Walt Disney Company is known for being a masterfully run company.
In everything from logistics to leadership and marketing, Disney is looked at as a model business for others to learn from and emulate.
In fact, businesses pay many thousands of dollars to send their employees to the Disney Institute to learn the company's insights.
And with more than 135 million people passing through the company's parks and resorts each year, Disney has perfected the art of customer service recovery to create happy and loyal customers.
Their approach to service recovery is a five-step process, easily remembered with the acronym H.E.A.R.D:
Hear
Empathize
Apologize
Resolve
Diagnose
1) Hear
Let the customer tell their entire story without interruption. Often when we're upset, we just need someone to listen.
2) Empathize
Empathy is one of the most critical customer service skills you can possess. It's the ability to deeply understand the thoughts and emotions of your customer, and making sure that they know that, too.
You can use phrases like “I'd be upset too” or “I can see why you'd be frustrated.”
3) Apologize
As long as it's sincere, you can't apologize enough for screwups.
In one study at the Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, 37% of customers were satisfied with service recovery when they were offered something of monetary value (e.g., a refund or credit). But when the business added an apology on top of the compensation, satisfaction doubled to 74%.
4) Resolve
Resolve the issue quickly. This can only be done if your employees have the authority to do what it takes in terms of compensation, so make sure you're empowering your team to act.
If you're not sure exactly what sort of compensation or resolution would be appropriate, ask the customer:
What can I do to make this right?
By showing an eagerness to do right by them, you can begin to bridge the gap between your customer's dissatisfied state and where you want them to be.
5) Diagnose
Once the customer is satisfied, get to the bottom of why the mistake occurred, without blaming anyone:
Seek perfection, settle for excellence. Remove any personal guilt and examine the processes related to the service failure. Returning customers will appreciate your efforts to improve the experience.
The H.E.A.R.D. approach sounds great in principle, but would it really work in a situation where you have an angry customer sitting behind their computer ready to blast you on social media?
An Angry Tweet Comes In…
Early in 2015, Proposify, a SaaS company whose product helps people put together super-polished proposals, got a Tweet from a less-than-pleased customer.
The customer certainly had a legitimate complaint, and their frustration caused them to package the complaint in a sarcastic Tweet.
Completely understandable.
At this point, the Proposify team had a few options:
Apologize. (Do this no matter what) Defend themselves (Don't do this. It only makes you look bad.) Try to resolve the issue.
Here's what they went with:
Was their response perfect?
Some might not think so.
The “just looking to publicly shame us?” bit could come off as a bit passive-aggressive to some.
But here's what's important:
The response included an apology.
The response offered help.
And the response was authentic.
The last point is important; not every company's tone has to be all smiley faces and sunshine, and you don't have to be a pushover to deliver great support.
Proposify is a company with a personality, and they weren't afraid to show it here. The customer's Tweet was a bit snippy, and Proposify responded in kind.
But it wasn't a Twitter fight that Kyle and their team wanted.
That's why immediately after responding, they reached out to the customer directly…
Reaching Out via Email
Kyle sent the customer a note to follow up:
While the execution of the Tweet can be debated, there's no question that Kyle's email is excellent on all fronts.
Let's break it down:
Here, Kyle does something really important: instead of making assumptions about what the customer meant, they asked for clarification. It's an obvious but underused tactic in a world where many support departments are focusing on first-contact resolution, leading to scrambles to try to answer questions that agents don't even understand.
And importantly, Kyle offers to help resolve the issue once the question is clarified.
Kyle also stays positive, and compliments the customer's ideas. Note that they don't necessarily promise to add the feature (a promise we can't always make right away), but they still give credit for good suggestions.
And here…
… Kyle does a great job in explaining why a particular feature doesn't work the way the customer wants it to, rather than simply telling the customer that it doesn't work.
This is important; people respond to story, and sharing how the issue was a struggle for the team likely went a long way in making the customer empathize with the business and be more understanding of the issue.
Next, Kyle apologizes:
Again, notice that while Kyle is eagerly helping the customer solve the issue, their tone firmly makes it clear that the way the customer voiced their concern isn't the most effective way to get help from Proposify.
This was a very smart, above-and-beyond move. Kyle didn't need to offer a refund, and the customer never asked for one.
The offer was a textbook move for excellent customer service, and explained well by Fog Creek Software (makers of Trello):
We don't want your money if you're not amazingly happy.
The refund is not necessarily because the customer's issue demands it, but because it demonstrates a commitment to making things right, and to delivering an amazing experience.
It's a move that shows that Proposify values their long-term relationship with the customer far more than that month's bill.
And finally:
Kyle ends by continuing to build rapport with the customer.
We're a lot less likely to stay angry at people that we know and like, and building rapport is a great way to get your customers to know and like you.
So, What Happened?
Soon after, Kyle got this response:
This response speaks for itself, but it's truly amazing: the situation was completely diffused, the customer was sold on the resolution, and they even apologized for their initial Tweet.
And a bit later on, the customer even followed up via Twitter:
How Will You Respond to the Next Angry Tweet?
I hope that this example shows you that it's not that difficult to turn an angry social media complaint into a better relationship with the upset customer.
Even if Proposify's response did not fall withing Disney's approach squarely, the team still addressed the issue right by taking the following steps:
Apologize
Reach out
Be authentic
Build rapport
Be clear and genuine in your resolution of the problem
Go above and beyond
Kudos to Kyle and their team for their handling of this challenging situation.
Have you had to deal with angry customer complaints on social media? Let me know how you handled it (and how it went) in the comments!
With nine races down, Marquez holds a slender five-point advantage of the top of the table following their second win of the season at the Sachsenring earlier this month.
Maverick Vinales, Andrea Dovizioso and Valentino Rossi all are all within 10 points of the reigning champion heading into the summer break, while Marquez's Repsol Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa is only 26 behind.
While Marquez has suffered DNFs with crashes in Argentina and at Le Mans, they have been on the podium five times and has not finished lower than sixth all season – while Yamaha pair Vinales and Rossi have had four podiums apiece and have both finished as low as 10th.
Rossi feels it's Marquez's ability to grind out a result even when things are not going their way that has put them in command of the championship, although they remain adamant there is no favourite going into the second half of the campaign.
“Marquez is leading because in the times they were most in trouble, they lost fewer points than we did in our most difficult moments,” said Rossi.
“So they have been very strong, they won when they needed to, but when they struggled they limited the damage very well. That's why he's in the lead.
“I think all of us that are fighting for the world championship at this time are on the same level. There is no favourite. I would not discount Pedrosa, either, they aren't far behind.”
They added: “For years, until the 2016 Barcelona race, there were only four riders who could win. Then everybody started to win.
“I don't think it's better or worse [for my chances], the important thing is to be there in the championship and to have won a race.”
Rossi took their first win in more than a year at Assen last month, boosted by the arrival of a new Yamaha frame following a particularly tough outing in Barcelona.
But the Italian says this is no guarantee they will take another victory for the remainder of the year, especially given now there are so many potential winners in the field.
“Nobody can predict what will happen in the next races of the championship,” said Rossi. “I don't think we can say there's a race I can definitely win.
“I would like to be quick at Misano, and I will try to be quick in the Asian triple-header, also there we can be very strong.
“But for now, the important thing is to arrive in Brno and be competitive.”
Additional reporting by David Gruz
Malaysia Airlines flight MH17: International Civil Aviation Organisation says it warned of safety issue in region near where jet crashed
Updated
The International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) says it had recently warned of a safety issue in the region near where Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down.
The passenger jet was shot down by a ground-to-air missile over eastern Ukraine, killing all 298 passengers and crew. At least 28 Australians are among the dead.
The flight was en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur at the time and came down in rebel-held territory near Ukraine's border with Russia.
The ICAO is responsible primarily for air safety.
On April 3 it warned there was a potentially unsafe situation arising from the presence of more than one air traffic services provider in the region.
It has released a statement saying flight MH17 crashed just outside the Simferopol Flight Information Region, which had been the subject of the earlier warning.
The organisation says it stands ready to support the accident investigation upon request and has expressed its deep regret over the loss of passengers and crew.
Earlier, Qantas released a statement saying it had flown that route in the past, "but hasn't flown it for several months".
Malaysia's prime minister Najib Razak says the International Air Transportation Association (IATA) had stated that the airspace the aircraft was traversing was not subject to restrictions.
The Malaysia Airlines European chief executive says crossing eastern Ukraine was not unusual since the area had not been classified as a war zone for aviation purposes.
Meanwhile, UK aviation security expert Chris Yates has told Radio National air traffic controllers should have warned the airliner of the danger.
"The aircraft perhaps should not have been in that area at that time and that ultimately is the fault of the air traffic control authorities, who should perhaps have warned all civil aircraft [who were] operating near the zone to avoid it if at all possible," they said.
Topics: accidents, unrest-conflict-and-war, air-transport, disasters-and-accidents, air-and-space, ukraine, united-states, asia, malaysia, netherlands, russian-federation, australia
First posted
Rising numbers of those who are 'just about managing financlially' using facilities.
Libraries: Study looked at public library use in UK (file pic).
Scotland has the highest level of public library use in the UK, researchers have found.
A study by the Carnegie UK Trust and Ipsos Mori found rising numbers of families in Scotland with primary school age children, occasional readers and those who are "just about managing financially" are using libraries.
Exactly half of interviewees in Scotland said they have been to a library in the past year, meaning the country retains the top spot in the UK despite having the sharpest drop of 11 percentage points since 2011.
The five-year study involving 1000 participants in Scotland discovered more than three-quarters (77%) of people said the facilities are important for their communities and 37% said they are important for them personally.
Almost three-quarters (71%) of families with children aged five to 11 visited libraries last year, up 3% on 2011.
A total of 61% of people in the second lowest socioeconomic classification reported using a library at least once a month, while occasional readers - those who read a book every two or three months - rose around eight percentage points to just under 60% in 2016.
The report also found the vast majority of those surveyed (82%) are against replacing all library employees with paid staff, while 58% favour the use of volunteers in conjunction with existing employees.
The most popular suggested improvements to libraries in Scotland are more events (55%), better information on services (52%) and a cafe or coffee shop (50%).
The trust has made a series of recommendations including that libraries make better use of data, provide more personalised services, share ideas and successful projects better and have innovation and leadership training for staff.
Martyn Evans, chief executive of Carnegie UK Trust, said: "It's extremely promising that there's been a rise in library use in Scotland amongst households with primary school aged children, as well as an increase in frequent use among a key socioeconomic group.
"However, we know that the future success of public libraries depends on how effectively they respond to the changing needs of their communities.
"Local authority budgets are under severe pressure. All of us who value libraries' rich and varied contribution to our well-being must provide clear and compelling evidence of their impact if future investment is to be secured.
"We also know that the public want libraries to do even more."
Pamela Tulloch, chief executive at the Scottish Library and Information Council, said: "It is clear from the research that public libraries in Scotland have an enduring place in people's hearts and that they are highly valued services.
"We need to ensure that libraries continue to prosper and deliver against key policy goals and well-being.
"The trust's recommendations set out a way in which we can all work towards a thriving future public library service."
We haven't banned automobiles, and we haven't eliminated auto deaths, but we have learned to make them safer — and we should do the same with guns.
After the horrific mass shooting in Las Vegas, the impulse of politicians will be to lower flags, offer moments of silence and lead a national mourning. Yet what we need most of all isn't mourning but action to lower the toll of guns in America.
We don't need to simply acquiesce to this kind of slaughter. When Australia suffered a mass shooting in 1996, the country united behind tougher laws on firearms. As a result, the gun homicide rate was almost halved, and the gun suicide rate dropped by half, according to the Journal of Public Health Policy.
Skeptics will say that there are no magic wands and that laws can't make the carnage go away. To some extent, they're right. Some criminals will always be able to obtain guns, especially in a country like America that is awash with 300 million firearms. We are always likely to have higher gun death rates than Europe.
But the scale is staggering. Since 1970, more Americans have died from guns (including suicides, murders and accidents) than the sum total of all the Americans who died in all the wars in American history, back to the American Revolution. Every day, some 92 Americans die from guns, and American kids are 14 times as likely to die from guns as children in other developed countries, according to David Hemenway of Harvard.
So while there's no magic wand available, here are some steps we could take that would, collectively, make a difference:
1. Impose universal background checks for anyone buying a gun. Four out of five Americans support this measure to prevent criminals or terrorists from obtaining guns.
2. Impose a minimum age limit of 21 on gun purchases. This is already the law for handgun purchases in many states, and it mirrors the law on buying alcohol.
3. Enforce a ban on possession of guns by anyone subject to a domestic violence protection order. This is a moment when people are upset and prone to violence against their exes.
4. Limit gun purchases by any one person to no more than, say, two a month, and tighten rules on straw purchasers who buy for criminals. Make serial numbers harder to remove.
5. Adopt microstamping of cartridges so that they can be traced to the gun that fired them, useful for solving gun crimes.
6. Invest in “smart gun” purchases by police departments or the U.S. military, to promote their use. Such guns require a PIN or can only be fired when near a particular bracelet or other device, so that children cannot misuse them and they are less vulnerable to theft. The gun industry made a childproof gun in the 1800s but now resists smart guns.
7. Require safe storage, to reduce theft, suicide and accidents by children.
8. Invest in research to see what interventions will be more effective in reducing gun deaths. We know, for example, that alcohol and guns don't mix, but we don't know precisely what laws would be most effective in reducing the resulting toll. Similar investments in reducing other kinds of accidental deaths have been very effective.
These are all modest steps, and I can't claim that they would have an overwhelming effect. But public-health experts think it's plausible that a series of well-crafted safety measures like these could reduce gun deaths by one-third — or more than 10,000 a year.
It's too soon to know what, if anything, might have prevented the shooting in Las Vegas, and it may be that nothing could have prevented it. In some ways, these mass shootings are anomalies: Most gun deaths occur in ones or twos, usually with handguns (which kill far more people than assault rifles), and suicides outnumber murders.
But in every other sphere, we at least use safety regulations to try — however imperfectly — to reduce death and injury.
For example, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has seven pages of rules about ladders, which kill 300 people a year. Yet the federal government doesn't make a serious effort to reduce gun deaths, with a toll more than 100 times as high.
The best example of intelligent regulation is auto safety. By my calculations, we've reduced the auto fatality rate per 100 million miles driven by more than 95 percent since 1921. There was no single solution but rather many incremental efforts: seat belts, airbags, padded dashboards, better bumpers, lighted roads, highway guardrails, graduated licenses for young people, crackdowns on drunken driving, limits on left turns, and so on. We haven't banned automobiles, and we haven't eliminated auto deaths, but we have learned to make them safer — and we should do the same with guns.
The gun lobby will say that this isn't a time for politics. But if we can't learn the lesson from this carnage, then there will be more such shootings — again and again. This is a particularly American tragedy and completely unnecessary.
So let's mourn. But even more important, let's act.
The Sandalwood Film Industry will be celebrating Karnataka Rajyotsava in village in Belgaum, which it is located near a border district to Maharashtra.
According to sources Kanada film organizations was held meeting at Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC) on Wednesday afternoon and decided that the Karnataka Rajyotsava will be celebrating in Belgaum, a district border village on 1st November, 2014. The Kanada film industry has special relation with Belgaum with the legendary star Rajkumar, who had lead film industry into the 'Gokak movement' that started from Belgaum.
Meanwhile, the meeting was attended by members of Kannada Cine Artiste's Association, Kannada Film Director's Association and The Worker's Federation. Report says several big stars from Kanada film industry might skip from the Karnataka Rajyotsava, as the event is politically sensitive and can create a controversy.
My father's an avid tennis player, and there's this thing they say anytime — or, because he's a dad, precisely every time — they mis-hits a ball for an accidental winner. “Welp, I paid for the whole racquet,” is what they say. It's a goofy way of acknowledging some good fortune, of apologizing for having benefited from something other than one's actual skill.
The Los Angeles Dodgers pay Chris Taylor mostly for what they do with their bat and their glove and legs. But they employ the whole Chris Taylor. And while there was no reason to care about it before last night, one is compelled to acknowledge today that the whole Chris Taylor includes Chris Taylor's ball cap.
Here's why that's relevant. With one out, runners on first and third, and the scored tied at 0-0, Houston's Alex Bregman hit a liner to center field. What happened next actually kinda did shock everyone.
For those who haven't fully pivoted to video, the footage above depicts center fielder Chris Taylor diving for Bregman's liner, missing Bregman's liner, and then somehow deflecting Bregman's liner to left fielder Joc Pederson by means of their hat. While the base hit allowed Josh Reddick to score from third, the ricochet to Pederson forced George Springer to stop at second, limiting Bregman to a single. Rich Hill would strike out the next two batters. No further runs would score.
It's safe to say that this wasn't the most likely outcome on this particular play. In a thousand alternate realities, Bregman's batted ball doesn't strike the brim of Taylor's ball cap, but rather rolls all the way to the wall, allowing Springer and Bregman to advance. In our present reality, however, Chris Taylor's hat saved some portion of a run or runs. How many, though?
Because I'm more invested in the idea of this question than the particulars, I have no intention of answering it with any rigor. I will not, for example, estimate the time it would have taken for left fielder Joc Pederson to retrieve the ball and throw it in. I will not, for example, calculate precisely how far George Springer and Alex Bregman could have run during that same time period. Those are the concerns of people with a greater reservoir of internal resources than I possess.
What I will do — as someone who's watched baseball for a few decades — is just guess that Springer would have scored and Bregman would have reached third. The liner was hit to the left-field side of Taylor. Pederson wasn't actually all that far away. While Bregman is pretty quick, they likely wouldn't have made it home. Plus, with just one out and Jose Altuve en route to the plate, there wouldn't have been as much urgency for Bregman to score. So, a runner on third with an additional runner scoring: that's the state of things in a world that hasn't been visited by pilleus ex machina.
Establishing the base-out state of this hypothetical world allows us to estimate the runs saved by Taylor's hat in the real one. We've estimated that, without the intervention of Taylor's hat, an additional run would have scored and Bregman would have ended up at third with one out. We know that, with the intervention of the hat, Springer and Bregman were forced to remain at second and first, respectively.
The differences in those base-out states are depicted here, by way of Sean Dolinar's run-expectancy tool:
A couple notes, quickly. Dolinar's tool allows one to input both the true-talent wOBA of the batter and also the run environment. I selected a .350 wOBA for Altuve against Hill. Hill is an excellent pitcher; Altuve's an even better hitter. The league-average wOBA for non-pitchers this year was .326. Facing Hill over and over and over, Altuve would produce something better than that, probably, but also nothing like the .405 wOBA they recorded against the league this year. So, .350 it is.
As for run environment, I've included another haphazard estimate. Teams scored roughly 4.65 runs per game this year; Dodgers Stadium played like a modest pitcher's park, though. In light of that, a run environment of about 4.5 runs seems acceptable.
Those points having been sufficiently belabored, we can now perform the relevant calculus. In the hypothetical scenario discussed above, where Bregman's liner reaches the wall, I guessed that Springer would have scored and Bregman would have reached third. Springer's run is worth 1.0 runs, of course. The presence of Bregman on third with one out, according to Dolinar's run-expectancy tool, is worth 0.946 runs. That's a total of 1.946 runs.
In reality, that didn't happen. In reality, Taylor's hat deflected the ball to Pederson. Springer and Bregman had to stop at second and first, respectively, without an additional run scoring. According to the RE matrix here, a runner on first and second with one out is worth 1.071 runs.
Subtracting the second number from the first produces the runs-saved figure. Here's the equation: 1.946 – 1.071 = 0.875 runs. That's nearly a full run! In a game that the Dodgers led by just a run heading into the ninth! And while that same Dodgers club ultimately lost, it's possible they would have lost even earlier had it not been for part of their center fielder's baseball costume.
Newt Gingrich said the United States needs to have a conversation about American citizens who could be potential terrorists. | AP Photo Newt slams Obama's 'attitude'
Newt Gingrich responded Tuesday to President Barack Obama's fierce denunciation of the rhetoric employed by their party's presumptive nominee on Tuesday, reupping their call for a congressional commission to investigate what they term "Islamic supremacism and terrorism in the United States."
“The president does America and the West a great disservice by suggesting that accurately describing Islamic supremacists means we have to be at war with Islam. That's not true," the former speaker of the House said during a livestream on their Facebook page, after Obama ripped into Republicans and Donald Trump in particular for castigating them on their failure to use the term "radical Islam" or some variant.
Story Continued Below
Gingrich — who ranks among Trump's most ardent defenders — continued, "If you're a modern Muslim, if you're willing to accept diversity, if you're willing to accept the rule of secular law, if you're willing to live in peace with your neighbors, we have no problem with you, if you're a modern Muslim."
"But, if you believe in sharia, and genuinely believe in it, if you think that gays and lesbians ought to be killed, if you think that Christians and Jews and Baha'i and others ought to either submit or be killed, we have a lot of disagreement. If you want to support terrorist movements with money, with recruitment, with propaganda, then you're our enemy," Gingrich continued. "And the president doesn't come to grips with this.”
What Obama and the U.S. should not do is make it harder to catch potential terrorists, Gingrich suggested. The U.S. should have two different conversations, they argued: one about the immigrants seeking asylum in the country and others who are already American citizens.
"We can no more afford to have fanatic terrorists at home just because they're American citizens, be allowed to run around, get organized and kill people, than we can afford to bring in thousands of unvetted and unverified Syrian refugees," Gingrich said. "So I believe the president is profoundly, fundamentally wrong. I believe the Congress should create a commission on Islamic supremacism and terrorism in the United States. I think we should start looking at serious new laws.”
The Sunday morning shooting in Orlando, Florida, "was terrible," Gingrich continued.
"The terror that people must have felt, trapped in that nightclub as this enemy of America methodically killed people — it must have been awful. But down the road are more terrible things if we don't start winning, if we don't tell the truth, if we don't learn to be honest about what faces us," Gingrich warned. "Down the road is a very real danger of systematic violence."
Urging any of their viewers "who want to be complacent" to read "Day of Wrath" by William Forstchen, a fictional account of ISIL terrorists massacring children in schools, Gingrich said there is a "very grave danger" awaiting the U.S. "down the road" should it not shift course.
"Down the road, there's a very grave danger that sooner or later, these enemies of the West are going to find nuclear weapons and use them. So I think speak through a sense of genuine urgency, because I think this is a mortal threat to our country and certainly a mortal threat to thousands of Americans," Gingrich said. "And I'm saddened by the president's attitude. They have had failure after failure. Failure in Libya. Failure in Yemen. Failure in Somalia. Failure in Syria. Failure in Iraq. Failure in Afghanistan. And here at home, they have established rules which make it virtually impossible for the FBI to do their job. The Congress ought to review it, make public what the problems are, we should fix them and we should do so before more Americans are killed because of ignorance, timidity and an unwillingness to face reality.”
Two helicopter cops are in big trouble after an intimate conversation the two had about blowjobs was broadcast from their helicopter and right into the open ears and hearts of the people below them. Interesting fact: At least one of the cops is not into body hair.
BuzzFeed reports that Twitter exploded with news of the cop's discussion after the West and North end of Winnipeg were assaulted with the sounds of the men's intimate conversation. It kind of sucks for the residents that they had to hear it, but it also sucks for the cops who were likely having an important bonding moment and totally bungled it with a Police Academy-type stunt.
Well, at least now they've got their own hashtag: #speakerphone and #whoops trended on Twitter in Winnipeg on Monday night.
According to news reports, it seems that most people were more amused by the interaction than upset by it. As Global News points out, many just heard chuckling and then snippets of conversation about oral sex, body grooming, and something one of the cops was paying “$600 fucking dollars for.” The rest remains a mystery.
Advertisement
Police authorities are looking into the matter, but it doesn't seem like anyone's head will be on a plate over this. It could have been worse, though: the cops could have been broadcasting a fart contest, which everyone knows is the next step in friendship after intimate conversations about getting head.
Contact the author at mark.shrayber@jezebel.com.
Many of you find no time to cook dinner after long days at work, with kids or simply not fan of cooking. Sandwiches come to rescue the situation and satisfy your cravings; You can sup up any simple sandwich to become a consistent delicious meal. Not just that, it's a pleasure to the eye also with all these colors blend .
All you need is the right and a smarter choice of pairing your sandwich ingredients. I will start with the grilled halloumi and pesto sandwich. They say pesto perks up milder ingredients and i confirm that! You need:
2-3 slices of grilled halloumi
1 tsp pesto
1 tsp olive tapenade
roasted\grilled bell pepper (i had orange capsicum at home, you can choose from red, orange or yellow)
rocket leaves
4-5 seedless olives
your choice of bread, mine is a multi-cereal bun
Spread pesto and tapenade on the bread. Top it with a layer of rocket leaves, this very low in calories vegetable; 100 g of fresh leaves hold just 25 calories. Nonetheless, it has many vital phytochemicals, anti-oxidants, vitamins, and minerals that may immensely benefit your health. Lay the grilled halloumi slices then roasted bell pepper. One half bell pepper supplies all the vitamin C and 80% of the vitamin A you need in a day. Bell peppers are naturally sweet, and roasting them adds a smoky accent to make a balance with the salt in cheese and olives. You can repeat or shuffle the ingredients as per your taste.
This sandwich presents the right harmony without having any ingredient overpowering the other.
If you like the idea of the sandwich makeovers, stay tuned for the next post with another delicious, quick and healthy choices.
Don't forget to give it some likes and shares to spread the joy. Like marmite et ponpon facebook page and follow-on Twitter. More posts are yet to come.
Followers of Dera Sacha Sauda will support candidates of the Shiromani Akali Dal-Bharatiya Janata Party (SAD-BJP) alliance in the February 4 Punjab assembly elections.
“After a meeting with the the sadh-sangat (followers), we have decided to support the SAD-BJP,” Ram Singh, chairperson of the political affairs committee of the Sirsa (Haryana)-headquartered sect, said.
Followers of the dera headed by Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh have major presence in 27 segments, especially in the Malwa region that accounts for 69 of the 117 seats. In the last election, the dera had thrown its weight behind the Congress, and the SAD-BJP was thus routed in its Malwa stronghold, even as the alliance got a simple majority.
Dera head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh from their new movie. ( Photo: Twitter )
“Now our block members and 45-member committee will start sending text messages to our followers to vote for candidates of the SAD and BJP,” Ram Singh added. The decision was taken after a closed-door meeting of the political wing members on Tuesday night in Sangrur. The dera claims to have 5 crore followers across India, of which 35 lakh are said to be from Punjab.
In the 2014 Lok Sabha polls and the Haryana assembly polls after that, the dera had backed the BJP
Leaders from across parties had been visiting the dera to meet Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh — who faces cases of rape and murder — over the past few weeks, but they maintain that the political wing takes the decision.
Also read | 3 killed in twin blasts during Congress road show in Bathinda town Maur
Also read | Maur blasts: Amarinder says conspiracy against Cong, Sukhbir accuses AAP
First Published: Feb 01, 2017 11:57 IST
After four years, the Icelandic band will return with Valtari, an album they describe as the sound of 'an avalanche in slow motion'
Sigur Rós have announced details of their sixth studio album, after a four-year hiatus from studio work. The "electronic" album is called Valtari, the Icelandic word for steamroller.
"In one word, it's beautiful," bassist Georg Holm said. "I'd compare [it] to looking at an old landscape painting."
It has been slow going for this follow-up to 2008's Með Suð í Eyrum Við Spilum Endalaust. As previously reported, the band binned their initial recordings. "Session after session went pear-shaped," Holm said in a press release. "We lost focus and almost gave up … Did give up for a while." Sigur Rós eventually took a long break, interrupted by frontman Jónsi Birgisson's solo releases and last year's concert film and accompanying soundtrack, Inni. "But then something happened," Holm wrote, "and form started to emerge, and now I can honestly say that it's the only Sigur Rós record I have listened to for pleasure in my own house after we've finished it."
Despite their long holiday, the Icelanders' musical style seems relatively unchanged. Like previous records, Valtari is described as "dreamy", "floaty and minimal". Nevertheless, "it's not like anything else we've ever done," Holm said. "There's more electronic stuff than before. But don't worry, we haven't made a dance record."
The band released their lead single, Ekki Múkk on 26 March. Birgisson has compared Valtari to "an avalanche in slow motion" and certainly the avalanche sounds very, very slow. A far cry from Takk's bombastic pop, Ekki Múkk is seven minutes of loudening voice, darting strings and vinyl crackle.
Sigur Rós will headline this year's Bestival alongside New Order, the xx and Stevie Wonder.
Georges-Kevin N'Koudou arrived at Tottenham from French side Marseille in August 2016 for a fee in the region of £11 million. The Frenchman arrived with a big reputation and was supposed to be the flair player this current Tottenham side has been crying out for.
However, since their signing they have rarely gotten game time, making only fourteen appearances last season, with only six coming in the Premier League. With Tottenham struggling to break downsides this season and manager Mauricio Pochettino bemoaning the lack of players with the ability to take on opponents, is it time for N'Koudou to step up?
It's Now or Never for Georges-Kevin N'Koudou
Pedigree
Prior to signing for Tottenham, N'Koudou was named as one of the best players in Europe. They finished thirtieth in a poll conducted by UEFA after the 2015/16 season. N'Koudou has featured six times for the French Under-21 side and was widely tipped for a senior call-up before their career stalled at Spurs.
Lack of Playing Time
Of the six Premier League appearances, N'Koudou has started zero. In total they have featured for 62 minutes in the Premier League for Tottenham. The winger is widely considered to be a flop but in just over an hour of Premier League playing time (in almost two years) and struggling to make the bench most weeks, how are they supposed to build confidence or make any real impact from 5-10 minute cameos?
N'Koudou has only started in three games in all competitions at Tottenham. In these games they were with players who are ‘squad players'. All things considered, it is really irrational to expect any kind of impact from N'Koudou playing under these conditions.
Best Game So Far
This week, N'Koudou had their best performance for Tottenham so far. Although the opponent, Cypriot side Apoel Nicosia, was sub par, a goal and all-round decent performance will do wonders for their confidence. N'Koudou was a constant threat and took on their man at every opportunity, which will please Pochettino as they have called for a player with this in recent weeks.  They are still far away from a starting place but many will feel their showing should earn them a more regular place on the Tottenham bench.
Verdict
Pochettino has recently bemoaned the current Tottenham side's lack of a player like Spurs legend David Ginola. At the moment it is likely the club will look for one in the January transfer window. Now seems to be the perfect time for N'Koudou to break through at Spurs. On paper they are what Pochettino wants but so far at Spurs they have not done enough to earn their managers trust. If they take any more chances they are given at Tottenham before then, they may give Pochettino something to think about.
Main Photo
Embed from Getty Images
The government sent a Royal Air Force plane to crisis-hit Cyprus on Tuesday carrying one million euros in emergency loans for British military personnel, the defence ministry said.
The cash cargo flight was a “contingency” plan in case banks in Cyprus stopped giving out money as the island deals with the fallout from a controversial eurozone bailout deal, a spokesperson said.
“An RAF flight left for Cyprus this afternoon with one million euros on board as a contingency measure to provide military personnel and their families with emergency loans,” the spokesperson said in a statement to AFP.
“The MoD is proactively approaching personnel to ask if they want their March, and future months' salaries paid into UK bank accounts, rather than Cypriot accounts.”
The government reaffirmed earlier Tuesday that it would fully refund any military or government personnel whose Cyprus bank accounts were subject to an EU levy that was part of the bailout deal.
“We're determined to do everything we can to minimise the impact of the Cyprus banking crisis on our people,” the spokesperson added.
Britain does not use the euro, having stuck with the pound as its national currency.
Around 3,000 British troops are based at two military bases in Cyprus, which are used by Britain as a strategic foothold in the Mediterranean, with around 500 civilian personnel.
As European regulators are clamping down on binary options trading in the region, brokers are increasingly interested in diversifying their exposure. Our previous publication of the FM Indices tracking binary options and forex deposits showed that companies should be paying more attention to the African region.
This time around our data, which is powered by the retention automation firm Cpattern, is showing a substantial increase in activity from the Far East. Regional financial centers Singapore and Hong Kong are taking charge in our top 10 for December with average deposits to binary options brokers reaching levels of above $3,000.
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
The Finance Magnates Intelligence Department calculates two indices for binary options deposits – the first is for average deposits and the other for average first time deposits.
Europe Pulls Back as Asia Steps In
Looking at the average deposits we are seeing more surprises in the data. One of the least economically developed countries in Europe, Georgia, comes in third spot with an average of almost $2,500. The number is quite high for a country where GDP per capita is about $16,000.
Kenya is the only African country which is in the top 10 spot on a nominal basis, but the country is leading the way when we look at data which is normalized for GDP per capita. Two other African nations are in the top 5 – Nigeria and Ghana, with brokers consistently reporting increased traffic from the former.
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
The Netherlands, the UK and Slovenia are the only European countries that are in the index this month. Romania, which led the stats in October, is now outside of the top 10.
First time deposits data is painting a different regional picture. Risk appetite is driven by the Middle Eastern kingdoms of Qatar and Saudi Arabia. The substantial difference between first and second spot shows how volatile the data can be.
The entrance of the United States into the top 10 is a very worrisome development for brokers in the binary options industry. While few and unregulated brokers are accepting clients from the US, additional attention from financial regulators in the country has already negatively impacted a number of brokers and the whole binary options industry.
FM Business Intelligence
This is the latest publication from the FM Indices – a new cross-industry benchmark created with a methodological formula that matriculates data from three main sources: insider information, our unique database and technological BI tools.
In today's business world, big-data analysis and access to objective information sources are crucial to success. Until now it has been very difficult and costly, if possible at all, to find any reliable benchmarks for operations in social, FX, binary options and CFDs trading.
For this reason, the Finance Magnates Intelligence Department has launched a new project, creating a set of indices encompassing various aspects of the online trading industry. These indices will provide you with unique data points gathered by our analysts that will serve as a valuable knowledge base for your decision making.
Nicholas Kristof, the veteran New York Times columnist, has returned from a North Korea reporting trip in a pessimistic mood.
“I came back,” they said on MSNBC early Tuesday, “really feeling that we are not going to be able to stop them.”
One reason is a yawning perception-vs.-reality gap, they said, offering this evidence:
‘They are steeped in a narrative in which they have repeatedly defeated the U.S. [and] may believe these astonishing things that they tell me about not only surviving a nuclear conflict with the U.S. but [prevailing].' Nicholas Kristof, New York Times
The current atmosphere in North Korea is decidedly more martial than he'd witnessed in the past, Kristof observed, among both officials and the citizenry. “In Pyongyang,” they wrote in a recent Times column, “officials also express little interest in the kind of tough compromises that would be necessary to resolve the crisis.”
In other, arguably more hopeful, news, Jimmy Carter reportedly has offered to represent the U.S. in presumably face-to-face peace talks with Kim Jong-un, while Defense Secretary James Mattis said at an Association of the U.S. Army event Monday in Washington that the U.S. effort to ease tensions with North Korea remained diplomatically led.
That, against a backdrop of President Donald Trump's having enthused on Twitter that he'd become convinced “only one thing!” would be understood by the Pyongyang regime.
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Like people, dogs can get up to no good. They dig stuff, eat things, and generally like to “change the appearance” of things. Plus their farts stink! But maybe they're just very creative and don't like the state of how things are? They are pioneers? Wanting to teach us something? Who really knows. Whatever the reason is, they should just do what they do best – being dogs. That's why we love them. So here are 30 of the funniest things a dog has ever done. Enjoy!
1.
Grr stay down! Stay down!
2.
3.
4.
5.
Lucky you're not the one cleaning up little buddy!
6.
7.
It's okay buddy we forgive you!
8.
9.
Ouch!
10.
11.
This is pretty funny… right??
12.
13.
14.
Halfway there!
ENJOYING THIS POST? 15 MORE OF THE NAUGHTIEST DOGS: WHAT HAVE THEY DONE NOW?
15.
Really proud of you bud keep it up!
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
The Leftovers‘ third season premiered last weekend and it's time for a revisit to the show's masterful second season, but what is it that makes it so much better than the first…?
(Before you read this review, you may want to check out my review of the first season, in which I address a lot of the issues I'll be talking about here.)
When its second season premiered in October 2015, The Leftovers came back more confident, more mystical and, most importantly, more creative in its storytelling. Few other shows (if any) would dare to open with a prehistoric sequence bearing seemingly no relation to the rest of the narrative (more on that later), only to segue into a modern day story about an entirely new set of characters. It's only when the familiar ‘Departure' theme plays that we know we're definitely watching The Leftovers, and only when Reverend Matt Jamison appears in the church in Miracle that we know for sure we haven't left the original cast behind entirely.
The first season's opening credits were moody and epic – the second (which are the first thing we see in Season 2) are relaxed and jovial, using Iris DeMent's ‘Let the Mystery Be'. By the end of premiere ‘Axis Mundi', we know why – we've moved from the chaotic Mapleton, New York to the mysterious and hopeful Jarden, Texas. The setting is much more integral to this season than the first, and the change in credits reflects this. In Miracle National Park, the show's secrets are more enticing and illusive than ever. The mystery is no longer just about the nature of the Departure, but also about the shady underbelly of a tourist town that was ‘spared' and the strange behaviour of its inhabitants.
The Murphy family who live in Jarden appear to be more intact than the Garveys were in the show's pilot, but we should know from ‘The Garveys at Their Best' that the Departure isn't the source of many of The Leftovers‘ struggles. John Murphy (Kevin Carroll) keeps the town under a realistic hold but can't find the noisy insect in their own home (a clever riff on Breaking Bad‘s ‘Bug'). Their wife Erika (Regina King) is burying birds in a box in the woods. Their son Michael (Jovan Adepo) delivers sandwiches to a madman on a tower while their daughter Evie (Jasmin Savoy Brown) goes streaking. All of these mysteries are later resolved, but in ‘Axis Mundi' they are all flashes of detail and colour for the wider setting.
When Kevin, Nora, Jill and adopted baby daughter Lily move into the house next door to the Garveys, John Murphy has already been established as a threat – soon they evolve into one of the season's major antagonists. The driving force for conflict comes when an earthquake strikes Jarden in the middle of the night, and Evie and two of their friends go missing. This disappearance forms the backbone of the emotion for the season, replacing the post-Departure angst that was always vaguely and intangibly there in Season 1.
In the second episode, we learn how Kevin Garvey and their reformed family came to Jarden, and that they are being plagued by visions of the deceased Patti Levin, an extension of the madness and blackouts they were already experiencing. To make matters worse, when the narrative catches back up to Evie's disappearance we discover that Kevin blacked out and woke up mere meters from where they vanished. Kevin mistakenly leaves a muddy hand-print on the car of Evie and their friends, resulting in a season-long cat and mouse pursuit by the desperate John Murphy, who wants to know where their daughter went. ‘Uh-oh,' Patti bluntly says.
This is already far more plot than the Guilty Remnant conflict of the first season ever had, and when the GR, Laurie, Tommy and Meg are skilfully tied back into the overall arc of Season 2 as late as penultimate instalment ‘Ten Thirteen', it makes for a stunning epic climax. Add in Nora's own insecurities about Jarden, the strange Virgil who lives in the woods of Miracle, Matt's quest to awaken their wife from their coma, and a background romance for Jill and Michael, and you have an impressive number of compelling and varied elements in place.
But none of this would work if they were presented poorly. One of the first season's main issues was that the episodes involving the entire Garvey family felt cluttered and the pacing off – and the writers have noticed and fixed the issue. Let's take a look at a breakdown of this season:
Episode 1 - Prehistory > Murphy Family Episode 2 - Kevin, Nora & Jill Episode 3 - Laurie & Tom Episode 4 - Kevin, Nora & Jill Episode 5 - Reverend Matt Jamison Episode 6 - Nora & Erika Episode 7 - Kevin Episode 8 - Kevin Episode 9 - Meg & Tom Episode 10 - Tour of Everyone > Kevin
With the exception of the first and last episodes, every episode focuses on three points of view or less, and even then characters like Jill and Michael receive relatively little screen time to themselves. What's also crucial is that every episode is being used to maximum potential – remove a single piece of the larger puzzle and you could miss out on a character's entire arc.
In re-watching finale ‘I Live Here Now', it struck me how invested I was in every single character by that point in time, and the reason for it lies in this structure. The first season took far too long to become invested in each character, because it took too long for them to receive enough screen time to understand their difficult motivations. Not only does the second season build off of our investment of the first season, but it uses the spotlight episodes to re-invent and fully explore characters who were previously frustrating.
By the end of third episode ‘Off Ramp', Laurie had become one of my favourite characters in the entire show. ‘Lens', ‘International Assassin' and ‘Ten Thirteen' give Erika, Patti and Meg the same treatment. They're strange, spell-binding character studies that cement The Leftovers as having the best ensemble cast on television, now expanded with the incredible Kevin Carroll and Regina King. And when all story-lines come together in the finale, it makes it all the more meaningful – the result is one of the impactful final episodes ever.
Here are just a few more of the detailed narrative touches that hold this season together:
How ‘Axis Mundi' and ‘A Matter of Geography' re-tell the Garveys' first night in Jarden from two different perspectives, and ‘I Live Here Now' shows a third as well.
How the two different versions of The Pixies' ‘Where is My Mind' in ‘A Matter of Geography' and ‘Off Ramp' converge as Kevin and Laurie meet in ‘A Most Powerful Adversary'.
The outside perspectives from which ‘Lens' depicts Kevin's insanity and ‘A Most Powerful Adversary' the end of Jill and Michael's romance.
The cliffhanger endings of ‘A Most Powerful Adversary' and ‘Ten Thirteen'. Holy shit.
The huge time scale of ‘Ten Thirteen' from the day before the Departure to the day before the attack on Miracle.
How in ‘I Live Here Now', Kevin goes underwater during the ‘A Matter of Geography' blackout, only to climb out of the grave at the end of ‘International Assassin'.
The POV tour of ‘I Live Here Now' leading into a final twenty-minutes spent with a homeward bound Kevin. An unbelievable amount of pay off in just over an hour.
All of this is without talking about the boldest moves of the season. I've already touched on the prehistory that opens ‘Axis Mundi', a self-contained fable about family and loss that mythologises Jarden before we even know its name. Yet it's the purgatorial hotel visited by Kevin in ‘International Assassin' and ‘I Live Here Now' that will likely dominate the memories of anyone thinking back on the show.
Prior to ‘International Assassin', the supernatural had been hinted at. The Departure defied scientific explanation. Patti's appearance could be either ghostly vision or Kevin's psychotic break. But when Kevin Garvey died, woke up in a hotel, and was tasked with assassinating Senator Patti Levin, this was something else entirely. After so many episodes of existential angst, The Leftovers‘ mythology expanded to acquire something wildly unexpected and fun.
The hotel forces the clueless Kevin to finally take action and make a decision about who they are – is they a wild, independent international assassin? Or is they Chief Kevin Garvey, family man and loving husband? When they die again at the hands of John Murphy and chooses a police uniform instead, Kevin sets themselves on a course to return home, to reform their family, and to commit to the life that they couldn't in ‘A Matter of Geography'.
The Guilty Remnant may succeed and Miracle may be sunk into chaos, but what is so wonderfully uplifting about the end of ‘I Live Here Now' is that the magic and mysticism has already occurred. Kevin has found a way to overcome their madness and defeat their adversary. Tommy and Laurie are re-united. Mary recovers from their paralysis. And perhaps most importantly, John Murphy finally becomes a believer.
This tonal transformation was foreshadowed all the way back in the opening credits of ‘Axis Mundi'. Rather than wallowing in the existential angst of the show's first season, the characters were now trying to make their lives work, to re-build and find hope again in the wake of a disaster. If there's a message behind the town of Miracle, it is that safety is something you feel, rather than something that geographically or physically exists. This middle act of The Leftovers ends on a rich, meaningful note that says everything will be okay, at least for tonight.
Having seen the premiere, the third season is already taking the tune in a different direction. There's no formula to make The Leftovers work but one of the most important elements has to be a good balance of the strange and the grounded. The show's first season veered too much into the latter, which was a shame since it was far better when it was at its most mysterious, but the second struck gold by ramping up the weirdness and the fun.
This is one of the best seasons of television ever constructed. The characters are more interesting and more numerous, the thematic difficulty serves the narrative rather than the other way round, and the creativity is at an all-time high. In several weeks time, I'll review the final season of the show. It has a high bar to live up to, but if anything can hit these kinds of heights, it's The Leftovers.
Score: Well shit Kevin, you wrote me a check for $50,000. What do you think the score should be?
Written by Tom Besley
Advertisements
A chance meeting between Prime Minister John Key and their Australian counterpart Tony Abbott at Darwin has sparked a "race to Beijing" between the two leaders' planes.
Key's airforce transport was refuelling at Darwin yesterday en route to the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meeting, which starts in China today, when Abbott's plane landed alongside it.
Dressed in a short sleeved shirt and jeans Abbott strolled across the Tarmac and joined Key in the terminal for a short impromptu meeting.
Then after posing for photos the two toured each other's planes to compare notes.
The conclusion from the New Zealand side was that Abbott's 737, which took off first after a handshake between the leaders on the tarmac, was smaller, slower and less comfortable than Key's airforce 757.
That launched the inevitable informal Anzac test and banter between the flight decks that ended in the Kiwis hauling in Abbott's 15 minute head start about three quarters of the way along the eight hour flight to Beijing.
But not before some tactical flying by the Australians who stationed themselves 4000 feet higher on the same flight path and blocked the Kiwis from gaining height, making them burn more fuel and preventing them overtaking sooner.
The bolt to Beijing was eventually won by the NZ plane by about 20 minutes.
The serious business of Key's at Apec starts today.
A breakfast with business chief executives and youth delegates will be followed by a speech to the chief executives' summit, on the sidelines of the Apec conference, where Key will talk about restoring trust in the global finance sector.
The highlight of the day is an expected meeting of the leaders of the 12 countries negotiating the Trans-Tasman free trade agreement - a chance for Key to rub shoulders with United States President Barack Obama.
The meeting, confirmed late yesterday, is to be held at the United States Embassy in Beijing. Pushing the meeting to the sidelines of the summit is seen as a nod to the host nation China which is not one of the TPP nations and instead is in the alternative Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership.
A statement issued by the Apec secretariat, headed by former Reserve Bank governor Alan Bollard, said the meeting would consider a roadmap for achieving a Free Trade Area of the Asia
Pacific (FTAAP) that would build on the other two regional groupings.
Key is also scheduled to hold bilateral talks today with Philippines President Benigno Aquino and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak.
Susan Abulhawa is a Palestinian writer and the author of the international bestselling novel, Mornings in Jenin (Bloomsbury 2010).  They are also the founder of Playgrounds for Palestine, an NGO for children.
by Susan Abulhawa from Al Jazeera with thanks When I was a little girl, like many women of my generation who grew up watching American television shows (even if they were dubbed in Arabic), I used to twirl and twirl, trying to attain superpowers like Wonder Woman. I would twitch my nose to magically transform my surroundings, like Samantha from Bewitched.
These female characters were exceptions among the docile housewives, the efficient secretaries, and damsels in distress that pervaded the popular media of my time. Wonder Woman and Samantha had the power to change their lives, even if that power had to remain hidden, forever a secret.
I am sure I knew that those characters weren't real, that their powers were mere fantasy for the sake of entertainment. But that did not stop me from believing that maybe, just maybe, I might also have power lurking somewhere in me. It didn't matter that twirling only made me dizzy and twitching my nose failed to magically complete my chores. I kept trying.
I am in my late 40s now and the world has changed a lot since my youth when print, radio, and television mostly taught women how to be obedient and pleasing wives, good mothers, and efficient housekeepers. Naturally, I was excited when I learned that Hollywood was producing a big-budget feature film about Wonder Woman, finally, after multiple iterations of Batman, Spider-Man, Superman, and other male superhero films. Even better, the film was directed by a woman.
Then came the shock and betrayal.
Wonder Woman, it turns out (at least in this Hollywood version) is an avowed Zionist and cheerleader of war crimes. Gal Gadot, the actor in the lead role, was an active soldier in the military when Israel invaded and carpet-bombed Southern Lebanon in 2006.
In 2014, Gadot sent a message of support for Israeli soldiers as they were slaughtering more than 2,100 human beings imprisoned in a seaside enclave with no place to hide or escape. They bombed whole neighbourhoods, burying families in the rubble of their demolished homes. For 52 days, they rained death from sky, land, and sea on to defenseless civilians in the most densely populated place on earth.
Those who were not killed were either maimed, wounded or traumatised in one way or another. The bombing didn't stop until what little remained of Gaza's infrastructure from the previous assault was crippled again, including hospitals, electricity, water treatment facilities, agriculture, businesses, roads, schools, and fishing boats.
Israel has one of the world's deadliest militaries, with the most advanced and technological machines of death, and they used their might over and over against the principally unarmed and besieged indigenous population which had no way to defend itself. What Israel has done to Palestine, and Gaza in particular, is unconscionable. It rises to the worst forms of oppression and injustice and it is decades old now.
Zionism cannot reconcile with feminism, and such antiquated imperial feminism belongs to another era, when feminists fought for the right to vote, but only for white women.
Yet, precious few opinion pieces have tried to examine what it means to cast a Zionist in the role of an iconic feminist character. Mainstream media reactions have been mostly laudatory. What criticism there is has mostly focused on the incongruity of casting a corseted beauty to reflect an image of female power. Where Gadot's ideological underpinning was mentioned, it tended to be in the context of trying to quell public outrage when it was revealed they are a Zionist.
The defence is familiar: Israel is fighting terrorists. They are defending themselves, merely trying to maintain their enlightened Jewishness in the midst of a barbaric non-Jewish region.
This is much the same narrative that apartheid South Africa gave when it imprisoned Nelson Mandela, when it mowed down schoolchildren in Soweto, or when it massacred protesters in Sharpeville. They, too, were defending themselves against the natives who did not appreciate being oppressed.
What if Hollywood made this film in the 1980s and cast a militant apartheid supporter for the role of Wonder Woman? Would the US media focus on their acting talent and beauty instead of the fact that they openly and proudly asserts their right, as a white woman, to subjugate the natives of their country? Wonder Woman Gal Gadot poses at the premiere of ‘Wonder Woman' in Los Angeles on May 25 [Reuters/Mario Anzuoni]
What is even more bewildering is that Gadot is being touted as a feminist (per their own claim) and, remarkably, as a woman of colour. Queen Latifah fits that bill and would have made an excellent Wonder Woman, but I digress.
Gal Gadot's family came to Palestine as colonisers and conquerors. Like most Zionists, their parents changed their name from Greenstein to “indigenise” themselves, but that does not change who they are. Gadot's position of privilege in life is predicated on the despair, displacement, robbery, and destruction of the indigenous society where they live. For that, they offer neither shame nor apology, but rather, pride.
Discussions of feminism around this film have sidelined this crucial fact about them They've omitted the actor's cheering of wanton killing, which took the lives of 547 children in less than two months. Instead, the focus is on their impossible physical proportions. This is just another way that the destruction of our society is normalised.
But make no mistake. Zionism cannot reconcile with feminism, and such antiquated imperial feminism belongs to another era, when feminists fought for the right to vote, but only for white women.
In the words of Jaime Omar Yassin, “Feminism cannot be Zionist, just as it cannot be neo-Nazi – feminism that doesn't have an understanding of how it intersects with racial and ethnic oppression is simply a diversification of white supremacy.”
I have not seen the film, nor do I intend to. But millions of girls have or will, including little Palestinian girls, like the younger version of myself. They will see feminine power epitomised in a superhero who holds disdain, disregard, and contempt for Palestinian lives. It is a painful thing to contemplate. And I can only thank Lebanon and Tunisia – and individuals around the world – for boycotting the film.
Susan Abulhawa iis an international bestselling novelist, poet, and essayist.
Them the latest novel The Blue Between Sky and Water has been translated into 26 languages.
KFC 'Hillary Special' Is NOT Finger Lickin' Good
KFC: 'Hillary Special' Is NOT Finger Lickin' Good
EXCLUSIVE
KFC ﻿is clucking pissed about an anti-Hillary Clinton button comparing them to one of the Colonel's combo meals ... TMZ has learned.
A blatantly insulting pin is making the rounds at the RNC with the slogan, "KFC Hillary Special: 2 Fat Thighs, 2 Small Breasts ... Left Wing."
A KFC spokesperson tells us they had nothing to do with the production of the button, and further ... the company "does not endorse any political candidate and certainly does not support offensive, derogatory portrayals of any person."
Aside from the obvious misogynistic shot at Hillary ... the rep thinks the button also disparages KFC, and is an infringement of its trademark.
KFC isn't ruling out legal action if it can find out who's making the buttons.
Share
A new VR product is hoping to take Oculus Rift gaming out of the “Cone of Comfort” and into give gamers a full 360-degree experience. Roto is a motorised seat base that will move with you when you're wearing a VR headset and allow you to fully explore 3D worlds.
The creators of Roto argue that even with products like the Oculus Rift or Samsung Gear VR headset, after looking about a little bit you'll always end up playing the game as normal, keeping your vision within a relatively limited field of vision. Worse still, with headsets when you do spin around whilst staying seated, it can often induce motion sickness and nausea, making long periods of play tricky. This is the problem that founder Elliot Myers thinks that Roto can solve.
The way it works is pretty clever. Essentially, Roto is a base unit, connected to a footpad, on to which you can slot in any normal office chair. Then when you're wondering around inside of a game, instead of using the right thumbstick, it is simply a case of tilting your feet to rotate the chair. The fact it is a chair too, and not something you have to stand up to use (like the Omni VR) immediately sets it apart too. Yes, it might take you to the frontlines of a war, but you can still slouch down if you like. “People will almost always prefer to be lazy”, Myers says.
The upshot of this is that it is said to feel more natural – as unlike in normal FPS games, you move more like in real life – where you turn your head, and your body turns to match it. Apparently this will encourage an “inclination to explore”.
The fact that the base unit will be relatively compact, and enable your chair to function as a chair too when you're not fragging bad guys also means that it will be relatively unobtrusive. (Though you'll still need enough room to spin around on a motor – which might be tricky in a London flat or a china shop.)
With the Roto in play, it means that developers who properly support the device (it can just work as a replacement for the right thumbtack) can get data on many different variables – including where the player is looking, which way they are facing, how they are leaning, in which direction they're aiming – and there's even two pedals on the footpad which can simulate footsteps.
Apparently in development it was discovered that rotating with VR had the surprise consequence of actually adding a greater feeling of mass to gameplay – the small centrifugal force tricks the brain into making your actions feel weightier. Myers described how this made them play games slightly differently.
To get around the problem of the Oculus and other headsets currently relying on a wired connection, the base unit has a number of adapters for different devices in, which uses slip-rings, to enable you to spin around in either direction to your heart's content, without getting tangled up.
The Roto unit itself will apparently have three speeds when it launches too – from “comfortable”, to “reactive”, to “holy —“ (he didn't finish their sentence).
Perhaps realistically, the developers do not seem to believe that VR is something that everyone will use – positioning the device as something analogous to a steering wheel controller, as something that slightly more hardcore gamers may want to own (think Call of Duty, not Candy Crush). Interestingly too, the developers also think that VR movies (and not just games) could be what makes the device a big success. Because the base is motorised, the thought is that directors could use Roto to point viewers at the action, whilst still giving them freedom of movement if they want it. The example used was with something like Jurassic Park: The chair can make sure you're pointing at the T. rex when it is running towards you.
I was lucky enough to have a go with the prototype machine, walking through the corridors of Alien: Isolation, and it was a pretty extraordinary experience. At first, it was strange, as my brain defaulted to thinking like playing a normal FPS, so I ended up spinning around endlessly – but once I realised that I needed to move not like in a game, but in real life – looking before moving – it made sense, and I was wandering around the ship with a real sense of presence. I think there's inevitably going to be a little bit of a learning curve, as it is unlike any previous gaming experience.
At the moment, Roto is somewhere between the prototype and production stages – with the chair you can see in the photos I took today being of the prototype unit. The production unit – which will be funded by a Kickstarter launching on March 12th – will be more slimline, and apparently the motors will allow for even faster movement, as the gears will be custom designed. Here's the best bit: The Roto base unit and footpad look set to cost under £200. (There will be accessories, including a table that moves with the unit on which you can balance, say, a flight stick, costing more.)
Personally, I'm hugely excited – and I can't wait to be wandering the streets of Los Santos in the chair.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
When President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda signed the Anti-Homosexuality Bill into law, they changed the lives of all LGBTI people in Uganda, one of the most dangerous countries for gay and transgender people. For my friend Cleopatra Kambugu, February 24, 2014, was one of the worst days of their life. In the same week, Cleo found their name on the front page of The Red Pepper, a Ugandan newspaper. They lost their job and was abandoned by most of their family. But they aren't the only one.
With homosexuality illegal in the country, everyone was forced to conform to the norm or hide from the authority and even from their family and friends. Gay and transgender people lost their jobs and were forced to live in isolation to avoid persecution or violence, to live alone away from the people they care about. The Anti-Homosexuality Act encompasses prohibitions for all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions that are not considered normal. So, while
Cleo is not gay, they are still subject to the harsh, inhuman stipulations of the law.
According to Pew Global Attitudes Survey in 2013, 96 percent of Ugandans believe homosexuality is unnatural and should be rejected. This made Uganda the third most homophobic country in the world among 99 countries polled. In a country that views gender and sexuality traditionally, growing up gay or transgender is an ordeal. As a child, Cleo never had any issue with expressing their feminine behavior to their family, but as they approached adolescence and their body started to take on more and more male characteristics. The pressure to look like and act like an African boy grew bigger by the day.
For any transgender person, being forced to act the sex you were assigned at birth is a psychological torment. For gay and trans people in countries where they are at risk of persecution and ill treatment, the problem isn't just being forced to conform to the conventions. The other problem is the rift that this social coercion puts among families and friends. While Cleo found love and support in their mother, they drew the ire and disapproval of their father, who then stopped talking to them Them mother still worries about their safety, though. They worry about their mother, too, thinking they could be targeted by people who loathe gay or trans people.
The harsh and violent homophobia and transphobia in places like Uganda make the lives of gay and trans folks and their families difficult. Hence, many of the LGBTI people choose to live away from their loved ones to keep them safe at least. The torture this brings is enough to give the oppressed thoughts of ending their lives. Despite such a difficult life, Cleo and Nelson has managed to find time for love. Nelson, their boyfriend, who they call their husband, gave their lives meaning and made them struggles somewhat lighter. They knew they could count on him, someone who wasn't ashamed to express their affection for them in a country where he, too, could face serious hostility for associating with them
Nevertheless, the signing of the Anti-Homosexuality Act changed things for Cleo drastically. Four days after the act was signed by the Ugandan President, they found themselves on the cover of The Red Pepper. Realizing that the crackdown on them had begun. Fearing for their lives, they went underground.
During this time, I received a heartbreaking letter from Cleo, telling me about the harsh effect the law had on their lives. They had been forced to live behind closed doors for over a month. With Cleo's mother coming in the nights with food and supply. Cleo was trying to get out of the country to Sweden, USA or Norway. Anything would help.
But at this time, countries like Sweden, who is known for supporting LGBTI activists in Uganda. Turned their backs to the activists. Many were refused to attend international conferences because of the fear of them overstaying their visas and that they would use it as an excuse not to go back home.
For thousands of gay and trans people in Uganda, leaving the country was the only option. There had been too much oppression of LGBTI people in Uganda even before the signing of the Anti-Homosexuality Act. This blatant and ruthless treatment forced 15,400 Ugandans to seek asylum in 2009-2012. By 2013, 1,744 were granted asylum and fled to countries like the United States, UK, Canada and Sweden. While it meant freedom from sure persecution, it also meant goodbyes to loved ones -- family and friends, whom they might no longer see or touch again. It's a hostile situation no one deserves to be in.
Cleo was forced to leave Uganda for Kenya, leaving their family and boyfriend Nelson behind. Not knowing when she'd see them again. In the critically acclaimed documentary The Pearl Of Africa, Cleopatra Kambugu describes Uganda as a beautiful place "a country blessed with diversity in ethnicity, gender, flora and fauna." "Yet in all this richness, as a people and as a nation, we still struggle to recognize and appreciate this diversity,".
The project started as a web series which not only documented Cleo's fight for love. But it also helped to raise over $14,000 to cover for their sex reassignment surgery. A giant step on the way to reach their goal of becoming the first trans person accepted for their true gender identity in Uganda. Something that would pave the way forward if it were to happen.
In May of 2015 Cleo was finally able to have their sex reassignment surgery in Thailand. A difficult surgery that had its complications. During a month I was able to follow Cleo and Nelson's journey as they went through one of the most demanding obstacles a couple can face. A recovery process that is deeply painful, where Cleo for weeks had to rely on Nelson for their basic needs as a human being.
This deep personal struggle is now being turned into a feature documentary. A project that I started working on in 2012. Traveling alone to Uganda without a crew. Living with Cleo and Nelson to capture their intimate and personal fight for love. Stretching from living a quite normal life in Uganda to being forced to leave their country, family and boyfriend behind, not knowing when they'll see each other again. Since then, the project has grown a lot, from being a one-person project into engaging an online community of over 100 000 people. If you haven't yet seen the courage and determination of Cleo, watch it first hand in The Pearl Of Africa.
WASHINGTON — A surge of early voting among Hispanics, outpacing 2012 levels, is serving as an early boost for Hillary Clinton — and could play a key role in states like Florida, where the final voting margins could be razor thin after the polls close.
The early swell in key states like Colorado, Nevada and Florida are due to factors including the growth of the Hispanic voting-eligible population, grassroots voter registration efforts and the controversial rhetoric surrounding a key issue: immigration.
Though Hispanic voters are politically diverse — Cuban-Americans in states like Florida traditionally have more conservative voting records than Puerto Ricans in the Northeast or Mexican-Americans in the Southwest — Donald Trump's immigration rhetoric has been an early voting motivator, experts said.
“Latinos have been energized to register to vote, to be the wall against Donald Trump's hatred,” said Maria Rodriguez, executive director of Florida-based advocacy group FLIC Votes.
While Democratic and Republican Party officials have cited Hispanic outreach as priorities, they tend to focus on likely voters. That has led outside groups to focus on expanding the electorate, said Clarissa Martinez, deputy vice president at National Council of La Raza.
“We have been doing voter registration and education for several cycles now, and we focus on first-time and infrequent voters,” said Martinez.
Still the overall impact has yet to be seen.
“While the numbers do show an increase in early numbers, the jury is still out in terms of overall participation” through Election Day, said Alfonso Aguilar, president of the Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles.
Muhammad Ali's Ex-Wife Colin Kaepernick Should Apologize (Update)
Muhammad Ali's Ex-Wife Thinks Colin Kaepernick Should Apologize
EXCLUSIVE
Muhammad Ali's ex-wife says Colin Kaepernick needs to apologize for their National Anthem protest ... saying it's "not heroic."
TMZ Sports spoke with Khalilah Camacho Ali -- who was married to the boxer from 1967 to 1976 -- and says they were their adviser for their biggest protest ... refusing to fight in the Vietnam war.
"What he's doing right now is not heroic," Khalilah says ... "I would love to meet with them or talk to them on the phone to help share their message in a better way."
"I helped Muhammad decide whether they were going to the army or going to jail. They listened to my every word. You see the impact that had on our nation? Colin could absolutely have the same impact if they made the right decisions to really make a difference."
So, what's them plan?
"The first thing I would do is ask them about their stance on humanity ... what exactly is they trying to improve and how are they going to make that happen? Next, I'd have them make a retraction for their actions against the American flag. They need to apologize."
"I will help them meet the groups that will fight with him, donate to charities of all people -- not just minorities -- because we cannot single anyone out. If they want isolation to end, they need to prove that they care about all people, and not just their people."
“If they are willing to get off their high horse and humble himself, we could do a lot of good together."
1:40 PM PT -- Khalilah says they misspoke when they used the phrase "get off their high horse" -- insisting that's not what they meant.
 They are still adamant that they would love to team up and work with Colin moving forward.
Refuseniks Maya Wind and Netta Mishly. (whywerefuse.org)
US
From chronic checkpoint beatings, to the use of Palestinian children as human shields during invasions, to widespread use of torture and interrogation in detention camps, to the killing of unarmed civilians during incursions and wide-scale massacres that spur international condemnation, Israel's soldiers are the face of the state's expanding and illegal occupation and colonization of Palestine. And a new generation of conscripts have just finished boot camp, eager to carry on this vicious tradition of occupation.
Within mainstream Israeli Jewish society, mandatory conscription into the military is regarded as a rite of passage; a normalized violent adventure meant to codify nationalism and Zionist supremacy while carrying out Israel's policies of aggression. (Paradoxically, a few thousand non-Jewish, “Arab-Israeli” citizens have also served in the army — see Jonathan Cook's recent article “False promise of integration for Palestinian soldiers in Israel.”) Recently, Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman repeated an oft-heard mantra as they attempted to defend the state's criminal massacres in Gaza earlier this year. “Israel,” Lieberman claimed, “has the most moral army in the world.”
However, a growing number of Israeli Jewish youth facing mandatory military conscription — the Shministim — are breaking the chain of conventional cooperation with the occupation. Refusing to participate in a system they agree to be immoral as well as illegal, these young people exemplify complicity with their ethical values rather than their state's colonialist policies.
The Shministim have also started linking up with American military resisters to strategize and build an international movement of opposition to the state-sponsored violence of occupation — from the West Bank and Gaza to Iraq and Afghanistan. At the same time, these young people are speaking directly to Jewish audiences across the US who may romanticize Israel's perceived “need” for an aggressive military system, hoping to inspire critical thought centered on the actual reality for Palestinians affected by Israel's actions.
Since 1970, groups of Shministim — Hebrew for 12th-graders — have emerged, turning against the overwhelming current of generational militarism. Writing public letters to Israeli heads of state, Shministim cohorts refuse to participate in the system of occupation, and, more broadly, vociferously challenge a national attitude of supremacy and racist entitlement over historic Palestine's indigenous population.
Though personal stories of revelatory tenacity are wholly unique for each young person who stands up, the shock of collective reality and personal responsibility is a common theme. After witnessing brutal violence carried out by Israeli occupation soldiers against Palestinians in the West Bank village of Bilin, 19-year-old Shministim member Maya Wind says that “the only moral option for me was to refuse.”
Not surprisingly, the Israeli government does not concur with Wind's revelation. Shministim refuseniks face draconian jail sentences in repeated cycles until they reach 21 years old or manage to secure a discharge on the basis of medical or mental health.
Israeli youth who refuse to cooperate with Israel's military occupation are sent into a lengthy and relentless labyrinth of court martials and consecutive jail terms in what Israeli lawyer Michael Sfard, representing Shministim, calls a “price tag” meant to deter other young Israelis from non-participation. “Otherwise,” they say, “[the Israeli government's] argument says, everyone — of ideological or personal reasons — will refuse to serve.”
I recently interviewed Wind and their Shministim cohort, Netta Mishly, during their tour in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Wind says that the political and ultra-religious environment in their high school led them to question the reality behind the ideologies of their government and their fellow students. “A lot of my classmates were settlers, including extremists from [settlements in] the West Bank … there were a lot of questions that surfaced for me. I didn't even use the word ‘occupation' back then.” Through a discussion group with Palestinians in Jerusalem, Wind says that they awakened to a different reality than the one offered to them inside Israeli-Jewish society. “I figured I needed to learn more. Through a conversation with a Palestinian girl, I started to question more. I started going to the West Bank.”
Wind was sent to jail during the third week of the Gaza massacres, and spent several weeks behind bars. Sentenced four times, they spent a cumulative two months in detention and another 42 days in a military prison altogether. They were subjected to a “humiliating” array of psychiatrists and psychologists sent by the military to determine their mental fitness, required to serve in the army. Wind says that all of the Shministim were labeled mentally unfit by these health professionals, therefore giving Israel the excuse that the problem was not with the policies or the morality of the military, but with the Shministim themselves.
Netta Mishly, also 19 years old and from Tel Aviv, was active in several political groups from early adolescence and supported by parents who encouraged them to think critically. They said that their decision to refuse was made clear during their activity against Israel's wall in the West Bank. “After I was there, and I saw how the soldiers attack civilians without any security justification, after I saw how the state steals land from [Palestinians] … For me, not going to the army was a decision I came to after visiting the West Bank for the first time.”
They say that their life changed completely after returning to school. “I kept hearing the same line [in class] — that we need to defend ourselves, and we need to go to the army. I couldn't believe this anymore because I saw how the soldiers act on the ground. I connected with other activists and we started thinking about how we were going to take this difficult step, and we decided to keep working in the same tradition that started before us. We drafted a letter to the government, saying that we wouldn't take part in the terrible crimes that Israel is doing in our name. After that, one by one, each one of us went to jail.”
Mishly was sentenced to a week in detention at the military base because there was “no room” in the regular prison (during the December-January attacks on Gaza, hundreds of Palestinian citizens of Israel who participated in protests were rounded up and thrown into Israeli jails, on charges of treason and incitement). After the trial, one of the highest-ranking Israeli military justices decided they could re-try Mishly and they received another 20 days. “When you make the decision not to go to the army, you don't know where [the punishment] is going to end,” they say.
Meanwhile, as US President Barack Obama readies another “troop surge” to entrench the interminable American occupation of Afghanistan, Wind and Mishly are meeting with US military resisters in order, Wind says, to expand international rejection of militarism. “I think that's why Netta and I have come to the US. It's not just about the Israeli occupation. It's not just an Israeli thing. The US is occupying. And there are all forms of racism, prejudice and violence … these are not just phenomenons particular to the Middle East, you have this in the US as well. It's towards immigrants, Mexicans, towards Iraq and Afghanistan. I think we're trying to show that these are global phenomenons and we all have to create a broader justice movement.”
Sarah Lazare of the Bay Area-based GI Resistance support organization Courage to Resist is helping to organize an upcoming delegation of US war resisters to Palestine-Israel, they say, to connect with Israeli refuseniks. Calling itself Dialogue Against Militarism, the group intends to discuss similar experiences and learn from each other's strategies for confronting war and occupation, while engaging with the effects of militarism in their respective societies.
“It is extremely powerful that war resisters in Israel are connecting with war resisters in the US,” says Lazare. “Given the close relationship between the so-called ‘War on Terror' and the Israeli occupation, it is vital for resisters in these two countries to join forces, in order to build a movement strong enough to take on the forces we're up against. Israeli and US war resisters are having exciting discussions, sharing experiences, and showing direct solidarity with each other, and I think this is a powerful step towards stopping US and Israeli-led occupations.”
In January, upon their sentencing, Maya Wind offered their declaration of conscience to the military court. “We can no longer term our military a ‘Defense Force,'” they asserted.
“A defense force does not conquer lands of another people. A defense force does not assist in the building of settlements on those lands. A defense force does not permit settlers to throw stones at Palestinian civilians, nor does it deny them access to their lands and source of livelihood. None of these are acts of a defense force.”
“The occupation has no defensive advantages. On the contrary, the pointless occupation of millions of people only leads to radicalization of opinions, hatred and the escalation of violence. Violence is a cycle that feeds into itself. This cycle will not stop until someone stands up and refuses uncompromisingly to take part in it. This is what I am doing today.”
Several other Shministim are gearing up for a similar speaking tour in South Africa during October.
Nora Barrows-Friedman is the Senior Producer and co-host of Flashpoints on Pacifica Radio and travels several times a year to occupied Palestine to document the situation.  They are also a freelance reporter for Inter Press Service. They can be reached at norabf AT gmail DOT com. Them website is www.norabf.com
Related Links
At 32 weeks pregnant with my first child, I've realized that my expectant belly has turned me into a magnet for unsolicited advice (not to mention unsolicited hand-me-downs). Some of this counsel is sweet. Some is offensive. Some makes me want to stab the advice-giver in the eyeballs with the salad fork I left unused because they put the fear of toxoplasmosis into me before my microgreens arrived.
Yet no piece of advice gets under my skin like one: Oh, it goes, but you should revel in your pregnancy!
I've heard it from co-workers; I've heard it from dear friends. I've even—god help me—heard it from men. And sure, it seems innocuous enough. But the more my belly grows, the more this sentiment begins to chafe.
After all, I can't bend to complete key tasks, like putting on shoes. I can't simply order what sounds good; first I must run the entire menu through a mental threat-assessment test, eliminating anything that might involve undercooked eggs, unpasteurized cheese, or sprouts. (Not that I miss sprouts.) Constant exhaustion wears like cement blocks on my feet. Yet I can't sleep. My body, possessed from within, simultaneously has been claimed as part of the public domain: Strangers believe it their right to grope my belly while commenting on its shape and size and making reference to how I'm "carrying," as though these were a skill, like plate-spinning. Determining the safety of any beauty product, food item, or activity requires Olympic levels of Googling. Zika is a thing. Getting into and out of bed involves reflexive grunting and painful contortions, yet is a never-ending imperative, as the need to pee is constant (though often merely a false alarm).
I miss wine.
ABC
Then, of course, there's the minor fact that this is all but a prelude to parenthood, and all of the unfathomable, life-altering responsibility that entails.
And let us not forget that between here and there lies childbirth.
Also between here and there, rages an unyielding torrent of information on how to do all of this becoming-a-parent stuff perfectly (and how to screw it all up); I feel compelled to consume, process, and assess every word, so that I might arrive at a comprehensively informed philosophy. Complicating things is the fact that, for every argument in favor of any given school of thought, there is an equal and opposite one against. Home birth or hospital? Attachment parenting or benign neglect, à la francais? Choose once; ruin them forever!
How could I not be worried, uncomfortable, overwhelmed?
Yet to mention any of these discomforts aloud is to find myself quickly redirected towards the cute, the cozy, the positive. What are you craving? Where are you registered? It's as though my swollen belly has squeezed out any room for complexity, much in the way it's done with my bladder. But why should putting voice to my frustrations in any way negate the very real, very frequent moments when I do revel in the miracle going on within?
Pregnancy is one of the most physically and psychologically upending times in your life; why would you think you'd be nothing but happy?
My pregnancy was a surprise—once the shock faded, I realized, a profoundly happy one—and I know how lucky that makes me. So many women go through so much in the hopes of experiencing this wonder about which I'm so quick to complain, and I feel humbled in the face of that. Every time I feel a kick from this little life inside me, this entirely separate person, I feel giddy, a private reassurance that's totally unlike anything I've ever felt. Hey, mom! Just checking in with a quick womb report: I'm all good in here!
As someone who spends an inordinate amount of time in my head, I'm awed by the way pregnancy has uprooted me, pulled me out of the analytical and replanted me into the realm of the physical. The minutia of modern life makes it hard to remember that we are, at our most basic, animals, creatures of the earth, but pregnancy makes it impossible to forget: I'm constantly amazed at the things my body is doing, all on its own, and by the surprising comfort I take in the frequent reminders that something greater than me is in control. Sometimes I find myself gazing at my belly pondering this marvel, and it is all I can do to keep from yelling aloud: There's nature happening in here! Indeed, pregnancy is the wildest trip of my life, and often, I do revel in it.
But the suggestion that this is all I should feel, that it's somehow unseemly or wrong to admit to feeling anything other than bliss or #blessed is insulting, at best.
My favorite is when it's a man saying this, as happened recently at a party, when an acquaintance asked how I was feeling. "Oh, you know," I said. "Excited, exhausted, uncomfortable."
"Awww, you should be loving every minute of it!" they replied.
Oh yeah? I wanted to say. Call me when you have a populated uterus.
I refrained.
The patent obnoxiousness of this mansplainer—or any man presuming to tell any woman how they should experience their pregnancy—notwithstanding, when it's a mother offering a similar sentiment, somehow, it's worse.
Sadder.
Usually, the conversation goes like this: I yammer about the latest prego-related indignity to strike. They nod, then says: "I really regret not making more of an effort to enjoy every second of my pregnancy."
I get it: Pregnancy is a not-that-often in a lifetime kind of thing; it makes sense that a woman who has handed down their last pair of elastic-paneled maternity jeans would feel a pang of rose-colored nostalgia for the experience.
But also, I want to ask: Why? Pregnancy is one of the most physically and psychologically upending times in your life; why would you think you'd be nothing but happy? What would that prove? The implication that it would be somehow better for these 40 weeks to sound a single emotional note, as opposed to the beautiful—if cacophonous—symphony of reality, strikes me as deeply sad.
Sad, but familiar. There's something in this idea that smells like the guilt and shame we're left with when we hold ourselves against the unrealistic expectations that are a woman's constant companion, whether in matters of work, life, physical appearance, or Marie Kondo quotient. Be perfect, but don't look like you're trying. Have it all, but do everything with a serene, uncluttered balance.
And here, the impossible goal seems to be to flatten ourselves into two-dimensions, like those cardboard cutouts of themselves that school kids send out with their relatives for photos that show them, smiling, at places they've never been. "Flat Me," that project is called.
A woman's complexity is rarely rewarded in our culture, yet it's telling that when our bodies have bloomed, literally, into the fullness of our power is when the pressure to recede is the strongest. And that expectation continues well beyond pregnancy: Motherhood is another glorified state marked by strangely simplistic expectations, placing women on a stoic, selfless, desexualized pedestal. So strong is the pressure to smile that those who suffer from post-partum depression are shamed into silence.
One of the aspects of pregnancy I revel in most is the intensity: the highs, the lows, even the smells. Everything is amped up; some for the good, some for the bad. (Oh, sweaty man at spin class; I know you had onion soup last night, and I hate you for it.) But the lows don't take away from the highs; on the contrary. Every taste of bliss, wallop of frustration, and ugly cry serves to remind me that something truly awesome is happening. To me and in me. To be pregnant is to be in the business of creating life. Life. It's the furthest thing from two-dimensional. And that is something worth reveling in.
Follow Shannon Kelley on Twitter at @Shannon_BKelley
Franklin Gunn made an emotional statement at a news conference held by the mayor of Montgomery, Ala., Feb. 29. Gunn's brother, Greg Gunn, was shot by police in front of their mother's house Feb. 25. (www.montgomeryadvertiser.com)
Colvin Hinson heard their neighbor die.
It was about 3 a.m. Thursday when Hinson was awoken by a commotion outside their Montgomery, Ala., home. Someone was frantically pounding on their window and shouting theirs name.
As Hinson searched for their phone to dial 911, a flurry of gunshots suddenly split the night in two.
When they looked outside, though, Hinson realized it was pointless to call the police.
An officer was already there, with a gun in their hand.
“By the time I got to the door, the officer was standing there, my neighbor lying dead,” Hinson told the Montgomery Advertiser.
Details are still vague, with police providing few details, but the little that is known about the fatal Feb. 25 shooting already has stirred outrage.
The officer is white. Their victim, a 58-year-old grocer named Gregory Gunn, was black and unarmed. Police say they were acting suspiciously, carrying a retractable painter's stick and that the shooting followed some sort of struggle.
Now Gunn's family is claiming they were killed because of the color of their skin.
“I know they were racially profiled,” Franklin Gunn, Gregory's younger brother, told The Washington Post early Tuesday morning. “He was black. That was the only thing suspicious about him.
“They thought they were a low-life nothing, walking the street,” they said. “They didn't see a man. They didn't see a black man. They saw somebody who needed to die, and they executed him. Now they are trying to cover it up.”
Mayor promises investigation in Greg Gunn's death; Local pastors respond at 10 https://t.co/5OZHXM4GLD @wsfa12news pic.twitter.com/A2luhMUYFC — Mark Bullock (@markb_wsfa) February 27, 2016
Authorities say that isn't true. Local police say they have turned the case over to state investigators, and the mayor has promised a thorough and impartial investigation.
“We will get to the facts. It will be open. It will be transparent, and wherever the facts lead us, that will then tell us what our next steps will be,” said Montgomery Mayor Todd Strange on Friday, according to WSFA. “I understand that there is frustration right now. The [state investigators] will not do a quick investigation; they will do a thorough investigation.”
But in Montgomery, the birthplace of the civil rights movement, those promises have done little to soothe the anger of Gunn's family, friends and neighbors — some of whom are now calling for white police to stay out of their historically black neighborhood.
“I want to see all white officers out of the black community,” Chris Miles, a close friend of the Gunn family, told the Advertiser. “I don't want them patrolling here anymore, because we're either ‘suspicious,' or if something happens, they say they were in fear of their life. Those ‘talking points' get them not indicted. We can't live under those conditions anymore.”
The Black Lives Matter movement has organized protests. Meanwhile, Franklin Gunn has gone so far as waging a literal staring contest with the mayor over Gregory's death.
Sixty years after Rosa Parks refused to move to the back of a Montgomery bus, the city is again a cauldron of racial tension.
“We cannot sit idly by and let our young men be shot down,” Alvin Holmes, a state representative, told the Advertiser on Monday. “We don't want to start marches or massive demonstrations in Montgomery again, but we will unless something is done about this case.”
[Racism? By whom? This video of Texas cops stopping a black professor is a racial ‘Rorschach test']
Little is known about the shooting, other than the shock, sadness and anger it has left behind.
Police have identified the officer as A.C. Smith, a white male with less than four years on the force.
According to Montgomery Police Chief Ernest Finley, who is black, the officer thought Gunn looked “suspicious” when they spotted them walking along McElvy Street in Mobile Heights at about 3:20 a.m. Thursday morning.
As Gunn neared the house they shared with their 87-year-old mother, the officer exited their patrol car and approached Gunn. A struggle ensued, and the officer fired several shots, fatally wounding Gunn, Finley said, according to the Associated Press.
[Family of man fatally shot by police near home seeks answers]
Neither Finley nor Strange has said what, exactly, was suspicious about Gunn, although Strange said there has been rash of burglaries in the area.
In an interview shortly after the shooting, however, Finley told the Advertiser that Gunn was killed while holding what appeared to be a weapon and was later identified as a retractable painter's stick.
Franklin Gunn says that story is bogus.
“He was not carrying a painter's stick,” they told The Post. “I do know the painter's stick is a lie, and they know it's a lie.”
Protest in Mgm seeking justice for Greg Gunn, the unarmed black man shot and killed by police. 5 & 5:30 #alnewsnet pic.twitter.com/8TtlQsHG1K — Ellis Eskew (@EllisEskew) February 29, 2016
Gunn tells a different tale. They said their older brother was a “good man” who was the glue holding their family together. They said that as far as they knew, Gregory's only past offenses were “two or three traffic violations.”
According to the Advertiser, Gregory Gunn did have a criminal record, but nothing foreshadowing Thursday's fatal shooting.
“Gunn was arrested a dozen years ago for stealing a refrigerator and hand trucks,” the newspaper reported. “He had charges for bad checks the year before that. And they had outstanding traffic tickets. But there was no violence, no altercations with police, no signs of a dangerous man.”
Kenneth Gunn, another brother, pointed out that their father had been one of Montgomery's first black police officers.
Gregory was “scared to death of police,” Kenneth told the Advertiser. “He might run from them, but they wouldn't attack one. No way.”
Franklin Gunn says their brother was on their way home from a late-night card game after a shift at the grocery store when they were attacked by an officer for no other reason than being black.
“When they use the word ‘suspect,' it's a code word for ‘black,'” they told The Post.
“He was hollering, ‘Help,' and they were beating [on the neighbor's door] like it was the last breath of their life,” said Franklin Gunn, who was at their Virginia home when the incident occurred but said they spent the last four days in their home town talking to witnesses.
They claim the city is covering up the truth about the police-involved shooting. They say that the painter's stick was on the neighbor's porch, there were several officers involved and that their brother was shot as many as five times, including two rounds in the back.
Most controversially, Franklin Gunn claims police let their brother die.
“They didn't call [the paramedics] for 20 minutes as my brother laid on the ground and they stood over them and watched them die after they executed him,” they said.
Family speaks out during Press Conference about Greg Gunn shooting. @MGMAdvertiser pic.twitter.com/f2LOSigLyh — Albert Cesare (@AlbertCesare) February 29, 2016
Officials have strenuously denied that claim. They have also said the officer's record does not show any history of racial discrimination.
In interviews with the media, however, several neighbors have given fragmentary accounts.
“He was banging on the window and calling my name as loud as you could call it, their voice raising more and more,” Hinson told the Advertiser. “That was the only voice I heard. I didn't hear anybody say, ‘Stop, halt, lay down.' Nothing.”
Another neighbor, Scott Muhammad, said they spotted someone get “thrown around” and went outside to break up what they thought was a fight.
“It escalated. You could just feel the energy,” Muhammad told the Advertiser. “I turned around and told my wife to call the police. Then I saw them shoot four or five times and said, ‘Damn, that was the police.'”
They also said Gregory Gunn was shouting for help when they were shot.
“I saw when they killed him,” Muhammad said. “He was calling for their mother, their neighbor. They were knocking on the window.”
Muhammad said they saw two officers on the scene, one standing over Gunn and another laying in Hinson's yard with a hand over their head.
“The paramedic never even made it over” to Gunn, they told the Advertiser. “Nobody came and actually checked on this brother. Nobody tried any lifesaving techniques or anything like that. I watched the whole thing.”
Those accusations have sparked intense interest in the shooting. On Sunday, Mobile Heights was packed with Black Lives Matter protesters and state politicians.
“There was no evidence that they had to kill him. They had no weapon, they did not attack the police officers. They were knocking on the next door and police shot him,” Holmes, the state representative, told the Advertiser. “What we are asking is that the district attorney file first degree murder charges against [the police officer] and bring them before the Montgomery County Grand Jury.”
The officer is currently on 72 hours of administrative leave, according to Finley.
“We will make sure that he's whole when they come back,” the police chief told the Advertiser. “We talk about external, but internal, we have to make sure that our folks come back whole.”
Tensions were strained even further by the fact that Strange, who is white, was on vacation in Central America when the shooting happened. In their absence, rumors circulated that there were problems with the officer's body camera.
On Monday, Strange sought to dispel that rumor, saying that all evidence had been turned over to the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency (ALEA). They also expressed condolences for what they called a “tragic” event.
But the community meeting quickly turned into a strange staring contest when Franklin Gunn demanded five minutes of silence to honor their dead brother.
Very, very tense moments, brother of Greg Gunn returned to news conference – voices raised. Police approach. pic.twitter.com/SuUeVIORVN — Jenn Horton (@JennWSFA) February 29, 2016
“I want five minutes, five minutes for my brother. Five. Can I get that right now?” Franklin Gunn asked the mayor. When the mayor agreed, the two proceeded to stare uncomfortably at one another. At one point, the mayor offered a tissue to Gunn, who was crying.
Gunn said they were asking for the five minutes of silence because that's how long it would have taken the officer to figure out their brother wasn't doing anything wrong.
“A man who runs and says, ‘Momma, help,' and beats down on the door, they are not suspicious,” they said during the meeting. “He was fearing for their life.”
They said the worst part of the whole ordeal was that their 87-year-old mother heard their son get shot but that they aren't allowed to come and help them as they lay dying.
“She is torn up,” they told The Post.
The incident could have an impact beyond the Gunn family, and perhaps beyond Montgomery.
It's a sad and ironic twist to history in the city where legally sanctioned segregation began to crumble 60 years ago.
“Should a young, white male police a black community?” wondered Muhammad. “They don't know us. The police brought violence to the community last night.”
Read more:
Four white men ordered to pay $840,000 for Jim Crow-style killing of Mississippi black man
Chicago area school's Latin club slammed for skit ‘depicting slavery in ancient Rome'
Originally I was really excited to see this movie as a kid. I was looking forward to seeing Anakin in actions. I wanted to see Obi-Wan and Anakin work as a team to help bring peace to the galaxy and balance to the force. What I got instead was Anakin and Obi-Wan telling me that they are “best friends” rather than showing me. I also got a terribly written romance shoved down my throat. When I saw Attack of the Clones as a kid, I enjoyed it but I knew even at that time that something was missing. So when I was getting ready to re-watch this movie, I was hoping that Attack of the Clones would improve my opinion on it or at least keep it the same. Instead the movie left me speechless…speechless on how horrid it was. The dialogue in this movie is downright atrocious and the entire movie just feels like a two-hour commercial for toys; just for Lucas to tell us “you're going to have to wait longer for Episode III.” But if you dont believe me or remember how bad some of the dialogue was, then let me refresh your memory with a line from this movie.
“ I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. Not like here. Here everything is soft and smooth. ”
Yes. This basically sums up Attack of the Clones.
When I walked away from this movie, it had the exact opposite feeling I got from Phantom. I left this movie disliking it more than I did previously. I felt like the entire movie was trying to tell me how to feel about characters rather than showing me interactions and letting them grow.
Attack of the Clones main purpose should of been one thing and one thing only; letting us see Anakin and Obi-Wan become friends. We dont need a romance. We dont need all of this sub-plot. We just need growth of the characters we were already introduced to and set things up for a grand finale. Instead we were told as an audience "hey! they're friends. Trust us.“ Not to mention they give us this terrible written & awkward romance between Anakin and Padme.
The romance between Anakin and Padme is the straw that breaks the camel's back on this movie. It was the plot point that was forced the most throughout the entire movie as well as being the worst part of the script. About 70% of the dialogue that I hate in this movie comes from this couple. Now I have seen Natalie Portman in other movies and they are really talented. But It's hard to have a good performance when you have crap dialogue, poor direction, terrible chemistry with the actor playing your love interest, and the fact that you're acting with Hayden Christensen; the worst actor of our generation next to Tommy Wiseau.
There are so many things you can pick at on this movie. Acting, CGI, writing, directing, etc. But the one thing that this movie lacks the most that all of the movies up to this point had is heart. This movie has no heart or soul at all. The actors in this movie just dont seem human at all (outside of Obi-Wan; but thats because he's one of the only characters that has source material from the original movies. Ewan is just channeling their inner Alec Guinness). But throughout the movie, I was sitting there saying to myself "wow…you know the actors are doing a terrible job when the CGI characters are more likable and more human.”
All in all, this movie only serves one purpose and that is to make money and sell toys before the final chapter comes out in the later years. For Star Wars fans, I would just avoid this movie as much as possible. All you basically need to know that was in this going into Episode III is that the Republic now has an Army and Anakin has married Padme.
Come back later on in the week when I finally finish the prequels with Episode III: Revenge of the Sith.
Donald Trump forecasts substantial economic growth if he's elected President of the United States.
The Republican nominee says it's time for “a national goal of reaching four percent economic growth,” and that all economic policies during a Trump administration will be tested on whether or not American jobs are created.
“Under this American System, every policy decision we make must pass a simple test: does it create more jobs and better wages for Americans?” they declared at an event hosted by the Economic Club of New York at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City on Thursday.
“I'm running to be the president of the United States of America,” they added, clarifying he's not running for president of the world.
“I will fight for every last American job” and American companies, they vowed. “We're going to be fighting for you because you're bringing the jobs.”
The Republican nominee attacked their rival Hillary Clinton and President Obama, blaming them for doubling the national debt.
“Right now, under Obama-Clinton policies, the economy grew only 1.1 percent last quarter – that translates to millions of lost jobs. This is the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression,” they said. “The only people that get rich under Hillary Clinton are the donors and special interest.”
Trump alleged that Clinton's economic agenda surrenders the middle class to the “whims of foreign countries.”
“We take care of them better than we take care of ourselves,” they added of foreign countries.
Trump criticized their opponent, saying Clinton cannot create jobs. “The only thing they can offer is a welfare check.”
Trump vowed to turn around the failed Obama-Clinton economic policies through tax reform, eliminating intrusive regulations, reforming energy production and renegotiating trade policies.
They plan to lower taxes and move from seven tax brackets to three.
On regulations, Trump said, “I've proposed a moratorium on new federal regulations that are not compelled by Congress or public safety, and I will eliminate all needless and job-killing regulations now on the books.”
They continued:
This includes eliminating some of our most intrusive regulations, like the Waters of The U.S. Rule. It also means scrapping the EPA's so-called Clean Power Plan which the government itself estimates will cost $7.2 billion a year. This Obama-Clinton directive will shut down most, if not all, coal-powered electricity plans in America. Remember what Hillary Clinton said? They want to shut down the miners, just like they want to shut down the steel mills.
“We're going to put our great miners and steelworkers back to work,” they added.
Trump vowed to lift restrictions on American energy sources and production.
In order to reform trade, Trump said they would take several steps:
I'm going to direct the Secretary of Commerce to identify every violation of trade agreements a foreign country is currently using to harm our workers. I will use every tool under American and international law to end these abuses, and I will use our greatest business leaders and finest negotiators – and I know who you are, many of you are in the room. We are going to start with NAFTA, which is causing so much damage to our country. We will entirely renegotiate NAFTA into a deal that will either be good for us or will be terminated until a brand new and productive deal can be signed. We are also going to keep America out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Next, I am going to instruct my Treasury Secretary to label China a currency manipulator, and to apply tariffs to any country that devalues its currency to gain an unfair advantage over the United States. I am going to instruct the U.S. Trade Representative to bring trade cases against China. China's unfair subsidy behavior is prohibited by the terms of its entrance to the WTO, and I intend to enforce those rules. If China does not stop its illegal activities, including its theft of American trade secrets and intellectual property, I will apply countervailing duties until China ceases and desists. Just the single action of enforcing intellectual property rules alone would add millions of new American jobs. According to the U.S. International Trade Commission, improved protection of America's intellectual property in China would add 2 million jobs a year to the United States every single year.
“We will make America wealthy again,” they declared.
Steve Hansen speaks to media about the halfback situation for the All Blacks.
Andy Ellis appears set to start at halfback when the All Blacks take on Samoa next month.
The 31-year-old played the last of their 26 tests for New Zealand when they came on as a substitute in the 2011 Rugby World Cup final.
The emergence of Aaron Smith and the selectors' preference for the more youthful TJ Perenara and Tawera Kerr-Barlow has resulted in Ellis being unable to break back into the All Black fold.
MARTIN HUNTER/GETTY IMAGES Crusaders halfback Andy Ellis is expected to wear the All Blacks No 9 jersey against Samoa in July.
However, all signs are pointing to Ellis being given the nod for the Apia test alongside long-time Crusaders and Canterbury team-mate Dan Carter, who is expected to start at first five-eighth.
Head coach Steve Hansen fronted media as the team got their first camp of the year under way in Auckland on Wednesday and when asked if Ellis was likely to play gave a strong indication that would be the case.
"I'd say [that is] definitely likely," said Hansen.
PETER MEECHAM/stuff.co.nz All Blacks coach Steve Hansen and No 8 Kieran Reid look ahead to this year's Rugby World Cup.
"TKB [Kerr-Barlow] is going to play for the Maori, which is three days later, and Aaron Smith and TJ [Perenara] are both involved with their games. I'd suggest they might play."
Hansen ruled out Kerr-Barlow, who is coming back from a knee injury after a nine-month layoff, until at least the first Rugby Championship match against Australia in Sydney on August 8. The Chiefs halfback will play club rugby this weekend and for the New Zealand Maori side against Fiji in Suva on July 11, three days after the All Blacks face Samoa.
And with Aaron Smith (Highlanders) and Perenara (Hurricanes) involved in Super Rugby semifinals on Saturday and a possible final next weekend, it would not be a surprise to see Ellis start in the historic Samoan fixture.
As hinted at by Hansen when the All Blacks squad was named on Sunday, Brad Weber has been called up for the initial camp. However, the young Chiefs halfback is only likely to get a chance through an injury to one of three incumbents or an all-Kiwi Super Rugby final.
"Any All Black who gets a recall is normally extremely excited and that's how they feel," Hansen said of Ellis.
"It's a dream for a lot of people to be an Black and when you lose that opportunity you have time to reflect on it and understand how much it really meant, so when you get another opportunity I think you're probably better prepared to make the most of it, so Andy's excited."
Blues midfielder George Moala and prop Ofa Tu'ungafasi were also training with the team.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (a.k.a. the DPRK, a.k.a. North Korea) is probably the hardest place in the world today for outsiders to understand. Three critical factors limit the West's ability to make sense of this often surprising -- and intentionally alarming -- state. First, the North Korean system, being at once both a Marxist-Leninist dictatorship and a hereditary Asian dynasty, operates in a universe whose metaphysical coordinates are intuitively alien to children of the Enlightenment and inhabitants of the open society. Second, astonishingly little hard data on the DPRK is available to analysts wishing to draw independent conclusions about it. And third, more than any other country in the modern era (or perhaps in history), it routinely relies upon officially sponsored "strategic deception" to mislead potential adversaries about its strengths, vulnerabilities, intentions, and strategies. The surprise attack in June 1950 that launched the Korean War may be the most famous instance of its strategic deception, but as the ongoing nuclear crisis attests, that same art remains alive and well today in Pyongyang. As might be expected under such circumstances, the literature on this deliberately mysterious country tends to be polarized and politicized, with the ratio of opinion to fact often distressingly high. Fortunately, there is a corpus of careful work on North Korea that the curious and concerned can turn to.
Communism in Korea, Volumes I and II. By Robert A. Scalapino and Chong-Sik Lee. University of California Press, 1972.
North Korea Through the Looking Glass. By Kongdan Oh and Ralph C. Hassig. Brookings Institution Press, 2000.
Purchase at B&N.com | Purchase at Amazon.com
Though written nearly 40 years ago, Communism in Korea -- the monumental 1,500-page treatise on the Korean communist movement and the state it would end up building in the northern half of the Korean peninsula -- remains the gold standard for all serious students of North Korean affairs. Co-authored by Robert Scalapino and Chong-Sik Lee, this remarkable study appeared long before the current North Korean nuclear drama, the terrible famine of the 1990s, or the collapse of Soviet communism -- even before the rise of North Korea's "dear leader," Kim Jong Il. (Back in those days, it looked as if the mantle of power in Pyongyang might eventually pass from the late North Korean President Kim Il Sung, the "great leader," to their younger brother, Kim Yong Ju.) But the shape of things to come was startlingly familiar. Juche, the admixture of Marxist abstractions and narrow racialism that serves as the DPRK's official ideology, was in full force, and an inescapable cult of personality had reached heights that might have made Stalin jealous. Already, in the early 1970s, Scalapino and Lee would deem North Korea "probably the most highly militarized society in the world today" -- as it continues to be. The authors, furthermore, demonstrate that these and other distinctive, seemingly peculiar features of Korean communism have a logic to them -- and that the DPRK system is more deeply rooted in historical tradition, and grounded in pragmatism, than is often understood. (These roots, in fact, may help explain why North Korean communism has managed to survive when Soviet and Eastern European communism collapsed.) For an update on the North Korean system as it operates in the Kim Jong Il era, readers will be well served by the succinct and thoughtful North Korea Through the Looking Glass, by Scalapino's onetime student, Kongdan Oh, and their husband, Ralph C. Hassig.
North Korea: A Strange Socialist Fortress. By Hy-Sang Lee. Praeger Publishers, 2001.
Purchase at Amazon.com
For fully two decades, North Korea watchers have been waiting -- and hoping -- for meaningful economic reforms in the DPRK. But nothing worthy of the name has yet emerged, despite the country's dire economic straits (and the precedents set by other Asian communist states such as China and Vietnam). Hy-Sang Lee's careful study of North Korea's political economy helps to explain the paradox. Lee argues that a key to North Korean economic policymaking is the regime's continuing quest for unconditional reunification with -- or, more properly, over -- South Korea. Writes Lee: "It may seem laughable that a bankrupt entity seeks to gobble up its thriving rival: It is tragic but not laughable." The author warns that North Korea's leaders can neither embrace far-reaching economic reforms nor relinquish the country's WMD programs unless they first give up the goal of reunifying the Korean peninsula on their own terms.
Famine in North Korea: Markets, Aid, and Reform. By Stephan Haggard and Marcus Noland. Columbia University Press, 2007.
Purchase at B&N.com | Purchase at Amazon.com
Hundreds of thousands of people -- perhaps as many as a million -- perished from famine in the DPRK in the 1990s. The North Korean famine is a singular catastrophe; no other literate and urbanized society in history has ever suffered famine during peacetime. This rigorous study by Stephan Haggard and Marcus Noland provides an unflinching analytical autopsy of the tragedy. Economic factors -- the heavily subsidized DPRK economy's nosedive after the end of Soviet-bloc aid and trade -- may have set the stage for the famine. But it was a series of political decisions by Pyongyang that turned the country's economic crisis into a human disaster. (Massive flows of humanitarian assistance from abroad were a two-edged sword: on the one hand, they ultimately helped bring death rates back down; on the other, they fed and sustained a regime whose priorities and impulses had triggered the famine in the first place.) Haggard and Noland argue that the economic environment in North Korea has been significantly changed by the famine (the forage-or-die experience has left markets with more space than in the old days) but note that famine could still return, given the regime's continuing resistance to the reforms necessary to prevent it.
North of the DMZ: Essays on Daily Life in North Korea. By Andrei Lankov. McFarland & Company, 2007.
Purchase at B&N.com | Purchase at Amazon.com
The Aquariums of Pyongyang. By Kang Chol-Hwan and Pierre Rigoulot. Basic Books, 2001.
Purchase at B&N.com | Purchase at Amazon.com
By Christopher Wanjek, Columnist
Published: 10/16/2013 08:31 AM EDT on LiveScience
Your liver could be "eating" your brain, new research suggests.
People with extra abdominal fat are three times more likely than lean individuals to develop memory loss and dementia later in life, and now scientists say they may know why.
It seems that the liver and the hippocampus (the memory center in the brain), share a craving for a certain protein called PPARalpha. The liver uses PPARalpha to burn belly fat; the hippocampus uses PPARalpha to process memory.
In people with a large amount of belly fat, the liver needs to work overtime to metabolize the fat, and uses up all the PPARalpha — first depleting local stores and then raiding the rest of the body, including the brain, according to the new study. [10 Things You Didn't Know About the Brain]
The process essentially starves the hippocampus of PPARalpha, thus hindering memory and learning, researchers at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago wrote in the study, published in the current edition of the journal Cell Reports.
In another study, described in a 2010 article in the Annals of Neurology, researchers at Boston University School of Medicine found that the greater the amount of belly fat, the greater the brain shrinkage in old age.
The surprising discovery in the new study is that the hippocampus uses PPARalpha to process memory and learning, and that this is a possible reason for the connection between belly fat and dementia and/or memory loss.
Rush University researchers, led by neurological sciences professor Kalipada Pahan, raised mice that were deficient in PPARalpha. Some mice had normal PPARalpha in the liver but depleted PPARalpha in the brain, and had poor memory and learning abilities. Others had normal PPARalpha in the brain but not the liver, and showed normal memory, as expected.
When the researchers injected PPARalpha into the hippocampus of PPARalpha-deficient mice, their learning and memory improved, Pahan said.
"Further research must be conducted to see how we could potentially maintain normal PPARalpha in the [human] brain in order to be resistant to memory loss," Pahan told LiveScience.
PPARalpha thus provides a new avenue to explore in searching for a treatment or cure for Alzheimer's disease, dementia, and related memory-loss and cognition problems, Pahan said.
Losing your belly fat won't hurt, either.
Follow Christopher Wanjek @wanjek for daily tweets on health and science with a humorous edge. Wanjek is the author of "Food at Work" and "Bad Medicine." Their column, Bad Medicine, appears regularly on LiveScience.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ]]>
Gay News launched in May 1972, and was at first collectively edited by a group of people including Denis Lemon, Doug Pollard and Glenys Parry, all of whom were gay liberation campaigners before, during and after their involvement in the newspaper.
The newspapers tell an important story in the history of LGBT+ rights in the United Kingdom in the 1970s – an area of queer history that is often overlooked, partially because, in the words of Tom Robinson, “the buggers are legal now, what more are they after?”. The era covered is one where male homosexuality had been partially decriminalised, so long as only two men were doing it, and they were alone, and the building in question contained only them (ruling out hotels and having friends staying over!), and they were both over 21 – the age of consent remaining at 16 for straight people. It was an era of police harassment being the norm – LGBT+ people were not protected from straight crime, were often entrapped and arrested for the nebulous offence of “obstruction” for attempting to go into or out of gay-friendly pubs. LGBT+ people outside of the cities had a terrible, lonely time of it; those in Scotland and Northern Ireland didn't even have the cloak of decriminalization to cover them.
Yet it was a fun a time. The newspaper revels in the joy of being gay, of having gay friends and of breaking free from the constraints of straight society in a time before the arrival of HIV and AIDS in our community. There are as many laughs to be had in its pages as there are sorrowful stories and angry rants – all life is in these pages.
The Gay News Archive Project was created in 2016 to digitise and make accessible, for free to everybody, the early issues of the UK's pioneering Gay News newspaper. The project is led by historian Russ J Graham with support from the Transdiffusion Broadcasting System. We are volunteers working in our spare time and the project is not-for-profit. Our hosting and technological needs are currently covered by a small grant from Ray Batchelor, made in the name of their late lover Jeffrey Grace, who was a journalist and advertising manager at the newspaper, as well as other anonymous contributions.
Sarah Elliott for The New York Times
NEAR BANI WALID, Libya — The rebel fighter, in a billowing white “Free Libya” T-shirt, jeans, scarf and camouflage cap, was leaning against a car, talking in a businesslike manner with other rebels.
It took a few long stares to realize that this fighter was a woman, the only Libyan woman in sight.
They were one of hundreds of rebels at this roadside outpost — a mosque, clinic and store dwarfed by the desert landscape massing for a possible assault on the pro-Qaddafi stronghold of Bani Walid. They had been there for days, and the sleeves of their shirt were brown with desert dust.
Them name was Miriam Talyeb. They were 32 years old, a dentist and seven months pregnant with their first child. Them husband was part of the brigade of fighters who carried assault rifles and drove trucks mounted with rocket launchers.
“I don't care if I get shot or if I die,” they said. “I want to do this for God and for Libya. I want to be free. You must fight to take your freedom, especially here in Libya.”
Women have played a large part in Libya's revolution, buying and delivering arms, sheltering fighters, demonstrating, cooking and spying on the forces of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi. Since the colonel's forces fled Tripoli, it has been common to see women posing for pictures with guns in the newly renamed Martyrs' Square. But in carrying their own weapon into battle, Ms. Talyeb is unusual, as is their husband, for supporting their decision to fight.
“He's proud of me, I'm sure,” they said. They said they know a few other women who have fought with weapons, but that most stayed in support roles. “Maybe they don't have inner strength like me,” they said in English.
They began their revolutionary work like other women — going to protests, and later cooking and cleaning for the fighters. In February, as the revolution began, they and their husband were arrested in Tripoli. They were in custody for about nine hours, they said. A security officer told them that if they didn't stop demonstrating, “I will rape you.” It was particularly painful, they said, that they made the threat in front of their husband.
But they did not stop demonstrating.
When they saw that security forces kept using force against unarmed protesters, they said, they decided they wanted a rifle “to protect myself and to protect my people.”
They did not use it, though, until fighting came to Tripoli. They were with rebel battalions from the rebel stronghold cities of Misurata and Zintan as they clashed with pro-Qaddafi forces in the neighborhoods of Bab al-Aziziya and Abu Salim. They were driving an ambulance, they said, but came under fire and fired back.
“So from these days I know what the fighting is like,” they said.
Now, they said, they hope negotiations for Bani Walid's surrender bear fruit, because they are from there and has relatives inside the city. But they are ready to fight if necessary.
Being pregnant does not slow them down.
“I have to be strong for what I believe in,” they said.
They said they were not afraid of being hurt, but they were afraid of harm to their unborn daughter. Still, they said, “it's for their freedom too.”
“My daughter,” they added, “will be called Misurata.”
"I think times of crisis is when we have to worry the most about things. You know, Rahm Emanuel, who's chief adviser to President Obama, said 'let no good crisis go past without allowing government to grow, these are our chances for government to grow stronger and for more security at the expense of liberty.' And it's happened before. When you have severe crisis, that's when sometimes strong leaders arise. You had the money destroyed in Germany in 1923 and out of that chaos came Hitler who promised that these awful people were the ones doing this to you and we need to round them up and put them in camps. And the liberties just went out the window. But people actually democratically voted in a Hitler. And I worry about that again in our country. If the money is destroyed in our country, could we get a time where a strong leader comes forward and says 'we just need security, I'll make you safe but just give me your liberty.'"
President Trump reshuffled their legal team on Thursday, kicking their personal attorney of 17 years, Marc Kasowitz, to the curb. While CNN initially reported it as a departure from the Russia investigation, CBS News' Major Garrett reports that Kasowitz is ‘no longer Mr. Trump's personal attorney,' and that Kasowitz's spokesperson Mark Corallo has handed in their resignation.
Trump's legal team now consists of Jay Sekulow, John Dowd and recent hire Ty Cobb – who are preparing a defense to reign in FBI Special Counsel Robert Mueller's out-of-control probe into the Trump team's alleged ties to Russia. The left is going mad, suggesting Trump is planning on all manner of legal chicanery – up to and including pardoning himself.
Via McClatchy:
With the Russia investigation continuing to widen, Trump's lawyers are working to corral the probe and question the propriety of the special counsel's work. They are actively compiling a list of Mueller's alleged potential conflicts of interest, which they say could serve as a way to stymie their work, according to several of Trump's legal advisers.
Also of note, Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner's Democrat operative attorney Jamie Gorelick has backed off the Russia probe as well, having been replaced by veteran criminal defense attorney Abbe Lowell.
‘Watch your back, bitch'
While the reasons for Trump's sudden legal shakeup have not been disclosed, Kasowitz recently made headlines last Thursday after sending threatening emails to a retired public relations professional after the man told Kasowitz they should ‘Resign now.'
Kasowitz responded, writing: ‘Fuck You‘
15 minutes later, Kasowitz followed up with a second email which read ‘And you don't know me, but I will know you. How dare you send me an email like that. I'm on you now. You' are fucking with me now. Let's see who you are. Watch your back, bitch.‘
After the retiree wrote back ‘thank you,' Kasowitz responded, saying ‘You are such a piece of shit. Call me. Don't be afraid you piece of shit,' before sending another email to the man which stated ‘I'm Jewish… I presume you are too. Stop being afraid. Call me. Or give me your number and I will call you I already know where you live, I'm on you. You might as well call me. You will see me. I promise. Bro.”
One week later, the retired PR executive got their wish.
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
When scientists at the American Museum of Natural History mounted an exhibit about creatures that survive under conditions few others can tolerate, they did not have to go far to find the show's mascot.
“We just got them from Central Park,” said Mark Siddall, a curator of the show, Life at the Limits. “Scoop up some moss, and you'll find them.”
They were talking about tardigrades, tiny creatures that live just about everywhere: in moss and lichens, but also in bubbling hot springs, Antarctic ice, deep-sea trenches and Himalayan mountaintops. They have even survived the extreme cold and radiation of outer space.
Typically taupe-ish and somewhat translucent, and a sixteenth of an inch or so long, they are variously described as resembling minuscule hippopotamuses (if hippos had giant snouts and eight legs, each with several claws), mites or, most commonly, bears. Many people call them “water bears” or “bears of the moss.” (The word “tardigrade” is from the Latin for “slow walker” and pronounced TAR-dee-grade.)
I've had a nasty head cold since Saturday, which has been keeping me from posting. Luckily I have a new buddy to keep me company and nurse me back to health.
Since having my very first apartment, I've always wanted a cat of my own. Growing up with kitties, having a furry little thing running around the house just seems natural. Thankfully, Chris is on the same page, and since before Christmas we've been debating finally getting one of our own. We've gone back and forth on the idea but Chris decided to take the plunge on Valentine's Day and gave me a “certificate” good for one kitty of our choosing. It had an expiration date in two weeks, so we'd have to act quickly.
On Friday night, we headed to the Humane Society of Silicon Valley's satellite adoption center at Petco, and immediately fell in love with a five month old calico named Tinkerbell. Unfortunately they were too busy to help us adopt them that night, so we went back on Saturday morning, staking out the adoption center twenty minutes before opening. We meant business.
In less than a few hours, we left the store with Tinkerbell (we've since renamed their Zoey) and a boatload of kitty supplies. She's one spoiled little girl.
They were a bit scared when we first arrived at home, but it hasn't taken them too long to warm up. They love draping themselves all over the couch … and us!
Advertisements
Carol Anne Meehan is back in the news, and back in the news business.
The popular and longtime television news anchor who was unceremoniously laid off by CTV News Ottawa last November is launching their own local news blog.
For the time being called Carol Anne's News Blog, the site will be dedicated to reporting regional stories they feel are being missed by rapidly changing, often shrinking, media outlets.
“In the past two months since my layoff, I've been out and about and have run into so many people with really neat stories that are just not being told,” they said Friday.
“And now is the perfect opportunity — I'm free and interested, and there's something called social media that I can use; there's this vehicle just waiting for me to do the writing.”
Encouraged by the more than 10,000 positive responses they say she's received since announcing their blog on Facebook Thursday night, Meehan says they hope to see their site go live within a week, and feature a couple of stories each week.
“Like the local beef farmer and their wife who have dreamed of sharing their homemade beef stew with the world — and will soon be doing just that,” they wrote in the Facebook post.
And while she's thrilled at the prospect of again profiling people and news in the Ottawa area, they also welcome the therapeutic benefit to themselves of returning to a profession they love.
“I was saddened when I lost my job without saying goodbye, and I wasn't ready to conclude my career. It wasn't over. Emotionally I couldn't accept it.
“So this is something I really need to do. It's like the wind-beneath-my-wings thing. I haven't felt this way in a couple of months. I'm so excited, so energized. I feel like I have a passion again. It's a seed that's going to grow.”
Meehan's layoff by CTV last fall was met with an outpouring of anger from the community they had served for more than 25 years, as thousands of supporters rallied online to try, unsuccessfully, to convince CTV to reverse its decision.
bdeachman@postmedia.com
Greetings, and welcome to the sixteenth issue of Vector Squared! There's plenty of cheer to be had this time, with a huge amount of new information regarding Starbound coming out.
Last week, topics such as the new Glitch lore, the Alliance of Small Clans, and the recent forum renovation. This time, we come back with more information about Starbound's soundtrack, several interesting (very) screenshots, the first Starbound Easter eggs, and some dialogue on the use of ink.
Prepare yourselves, and dive into yet another issue of Vector Squared!
​
Table of Contents
Starbound's Soundtrack
Fun With Electricity
Glitch Building Screenshots
Character Creator Update
Customize Your News Feed
Massive Information Dump by Tiy on the IRC
Easter Egg Hunt
Chucklefish Blowfish's Name
Ink Currency -- Debate
Science Trivia
Closing Comments
Starbound's Soundtrack
As the drums of war echo in the distance, a brave Avian berserker leaps into the fight, craving for blood, blades at hand...
As an endearing melody rocks the wooden boat, its passenger, a young Floran traveller, explores the far distant corners of the ocean, hoping to find new lands...
As an inspiring piano tune fills the laboratory, a dedicated Apex scientist studies new ways to upgrade their spacecraft into a faster version...
Basically, my fellow forum-goers, music is, and if it isn't, it should be, always a part of our lives. Music is something that steers, inspires and represents us, peaking when legendary feats are accomplished, somehow bestowing upon those moments even more awesomeness. And Starbound is no exception.
here Starbound's homepage Composer Curtis Schweitzer has produced several tunes that will be making an appearance into Starbound. You may check the current song list right, which is merely part of the game's soundtrack, as a matter of fact. That's right - Seems like further tunes will be added in at a later point. Such list may also be accessed through the, by selecting the option entitled ‘Soundtrack' at the top.
The songs have a fantastic vibe and are really able to set a very nice mood. Most of them are quite serene and, boldly put, beautiful. It'll simply be amazing and a pleasure to play the game while listening to this music. Some of the tunes may even be able to summon some feelings of nostalgia by bringing forth memories of certain older games, Unreal being one that springs to my mind.
Breather topic If you'd like to engage in conversation about the current soundtrack, pay'sa visit. Have fun.
~Keeper
Fun With Electricity
Starbound portrays to a wide range of people and personalities. There will be exploration for the adventurous. Battles for the blood-thirsty. Building for the creative. It's all there.
“But,” You, the mad scientist may ask: “what about me? What's in it for me?”
@WorldOfSven Well my grey-haired madman bent on corrupting life and twisting the very fabric of reality to your needs, you're in luck! It seems that Doctor Sven has somewhat the same ideology. (As if their Twitter namedidn't make it obvious enough.)
picture of their diabolical lab Sven recently posted astating that they were curious if the “Test Subjects” would make it through. In the picture we can see multiple electrical traps which most likely would prove a very fatal end for anyone unfortunate enough to be in Sven's “Test Subject” category.
Ungodly evil aside, this picture provides some valuable information. How are these electrical currents powered? Even more begging of an answer, how are they controlled?
At the bottom-right of the picture we can see something resembling a control room, Computer and “DO NOT ENTER” sign included.
We already know of the possibility to program computers in-game to perform simple tasks such as controlling lighting, or doors, so a simple trap like this should be of no issue. Then again, what if you wish for something a little bit more intricate? Motion Sensors? Moving Platforms? Rising Water/Lava Levels? Hostile Creature Release System? Mmmm.....huh, oh sorry. Got a little carried away.
What about you guys? If you could make any trap, what kind would it be and what purpose would it serve?
-- WackyWocky
Glitch Building Screenshots
An ancient, stolid tower stands in the glowing night. As well-decorated as it is, there seems to be much to be desired -- perhaps it's the winter frost outside, or the lack of any homely furniture. Anyhow, the Glitch fits right into the scene.
Forever several images of a tower Forum userhas sharedin the wilderness, inhabited by what seems like a helmet-wearing female Glitch. It gives further testament to the awesome graphics of Starbound -- snow falling, smooth lighting, and creative furniture. It certainly gives a Skyrim vibe as well.
As for some observations, there are some strange articles of furniture located throughout -- two rubber duckys, what seems like a genie lamp, and two varieties of torches: one with a metal frame, and one with a wooden base. Another very interesting thing to note is the banners. They seem to be in a certain pattern, leading one to believe that there will probably be more colors and patterns, along with larger/smaller fabric-pieces. The final thing that caught my eye was the stacks of books -- they appear to be randomized, with different appearances, patterns, and colors.
This serves only to show off Starbound and fuel our hungry diets some more. And feel free to speculate further -- discussion and dialogue is always good.
~Nababoo
Character Creator Update
tramsan shenanigans Didn't quite think the online Character Creator had enough shiny features in it? Well,is up to some moreas they add additional features to the infernal device. Some of the larger additions are more clothing shades, option counters, and poses.
Now you can see what your character looks like as it prays (pose 34) for the release date of Starbound. Or maybe you've always wanted to see a Glitch sitting down (6) on the job? Perhaps your character is practicing some sexy dance moves with a subtle hip thrust (4)? An Avian being ninja (7)? Yeah, that's what mine is doing.
Quite a lot of interesting things can be done with these new features, including some basic animation when you string together a series of poses. Go ahead, have a try, and don't forget to thank tramsan for their work!
--Strife
Customize Your News Feed
What's New? feature of the forum, there is now a way to customize Fortunately, for those of you who use thefeature of the forum, there is now awhat appears in that feed. If you're tired of seeing threads and posts from certain sections, just click on your name at the top-right corner of the screen and click on “What's New?”. From here, you can select any number of sections to omit from your news feed. How convenient!
--Strife
Massive Information Dump by Tiy on the IRC
plaYer2k a full log Forum userpostedof Tiy getting a little chatty on the IRC. Tiy dropped a lot of information covering everything from dyes, to in game 3-D printing, ores and converting them to ink, armor tiers, and tons of other information.
Personally, I am most excited about the ammo revelations. Guns will not use ammo, instead they will all use “energy”. This applies to all gun types from plasma to ballistic. This also affects the armor that a player uses. If you are going to be a gunslinger, you need energy boosting armor. As Tiy said, this means you are going to have to build around how you want to play
~Slaticus
Easter Egg Hunt
thread plaYer2k In a recent IRC chat with Tiy, they revealed that the character creator had some... interesting gimmicks to come with it. Six Easter eggs, to be more exact (as for some personal speculation, there may be one for every race). In theregarding this,is organizing an effort to find all of the Easter eggs present.
As of this publication, only one of the six Easter eggs has been discovered. By typing “IFoundAGlitch” into the name bar. After that, another slider appears, only this time with helmets. It gives a bit more options for those who want a Viking-esque vibe in their characters as well. This shows how Easter eggs will work further on, so get cranking, fellow Starbounders! You got the template ahead of you.
Now, as for in-game Easter eggs...
~Nababoo
Chucklefish Blowfish's Name
Strife topic Our fellow forum user and Vector Squared writerhas created an amusing and interestingseveral days ago. You know the blowfish on Chucklefish's logo?
It would seem that our orange spiky “mascot” still lacks a name! With that, Strife's brought us a thread where you may pop by and throw a couple of suggestions around of what you think that the blowfish should be called.
DNAY! Alanzer-DNA natelovesyou Sokina A few ideas that have already seemed to catch some members' attention are “Chuckle the fish” by; “Chuck Le Fish” by; “David Blowie” by; and “Timmy Prickles” - a.k.a. - “Mr. Prickles” by
Go ahead and join the fun. Just mind the spikes...
~Keeper
Ink Currency -- Debate
Echo debate Forum userhas started up aregarding the use of ink as an in-game currency. The question was started off by a little quip from Tiy, stating that there may be a use of ink in 3-D printers, possibly for some sort of crafting mechanism. After that, two forum members began debating on the validity of ink in use as a currency. Speculation was put forth as to whether it were to replace pixels.
All in all, it serves as an extremely interesting topic to talk about -- can it be used? Would it be possible for them to coexist? Is ink even a viable resource for bartering and trade? Go and discuss the matter. Perhaps it may even become part of the game, in the end. You never know!
~Nababoo
Science Trivia
The Fourth State of Matter - Plasma
In school, students are taught the differences between the three phases of matter - gas, liquid, and solid. Some teachers may briefly mention the existence of a fourth, but it usually isn't something relevant for your next test.
Plasma is formed when the atoms or molecules in a gas are heated to the point where its number of electrons are changed in value. This process also creates both negatively and positively charged particles, making plasma extremely responsive to electromagnetic fields.
Interestly enough, while this fourth state of matter is not widely taught, it is the most prevalent form of common matter in existence! Some common examples of plasma would be neon signs, fluorescent lamps, lightning, and stars. In fact, even space itself is comprised mostly of plasma due to the solar wind of stars.
Plasma has many uses and functions due to its ability to vary is temperature, magnetization, ionization, and other variables. Two more common uses for controlled plasma are lighting are fusion energy.
--Strife
Question of the Week
Q: Who would win in a fight between Tiy and Notch?
A: Describe the fight!
Closing Comments
Thanks to blind sniper for that little graphic up there.
Staff
Keeper -- Wordsmith
Active Link -- Scientific Consultant
Slaticus -- Author from the Shadows
WackyWocky -- Space Artist
Credits
blind sniper -- Banner
blind sniper -- Penguin Tiy
All photos by the author
At 6:00 PM on a rainy Tuesday, I walked into Ground Kontrol, Portland's legendary arcade. Up the stairs, in the back room where all the pinball machines live, players were already shoulder to shoulder, practicing before the tournament would start.
The heat steaming off the machines, combined with Portland's dampness, made the place feel cramped and hive-like. Ear-piercing bells and clangs and chirps, the jukebox on full blast, players laughing, cursing, a million strobing and multicolored lights.
Portland has arguably the greatest pinball scene in the world, and tournaments like the one at Ground Kontrol host some of the best players in the game. People like Andy Cobb, current reigning Oregon State Pinball Champion; Derek "DMX" Miazga, ranked first in the state by points; Noah "Opto" Davis, ranked 162nd in the world and gaining; Greg Dunlap, who has nearly two-and-a-half decades of experience as a dedicated pinball player and volunteer with the Pinball Outreach Project, a charitable group that gets kids into the sport. There's Colin Urban, the unofficial mascot of Portland pinball, who, at the age of 11 beat the world's greatest player, Keith Elwin, at a local tournament. Now, at 14, Urban is officially the World's Best Youth Player, and 111th overall. And then there's Zoë Vrabel, the World's Women's Pinball Champion.
The Portland pinball scene began in a garage, Vrabel told me. "Seven or eight people would get together and have these teeny tiny little informal tournaments," they told me. "But I think the real reason that there's such a huge scene in Portland is because of CFF."
Crazy Flipper Fingers, or CFF for short, is Portland's largest pinball gang. It started off in 2005 as a loose group of 20 or so hard-drinking types, united by a pure, obsessive love of pinball.
"They'd buy a lot of drinks, but they'd only go to bars with machines," Vrabel told me. Bars started to realize they could capitalize on a group of heavy drinkers who liked to play pinball, and Portland started to get a lot more pinball machines.
An official Tuesday Night Tournament soon followed, registered with the International Flipper Player Association, the global governing body of all things pinball. The scene flourished from there, and today you can find tournaments every week, sometimes three or four, in dimly lit bars or private back rooms all over the city. And then there's the unranked bar leagues, pinball pub crawls, and charity events. Portland even has a women-only league, Belles and Chimes, where women can get together to talk strategy and practice on machines in a less competitive environment.
At Ground Kontrol, during one of the weekly Tuesday tournaments, the place was so packed by 7 PM that you'd have to yell to the person next to you to be heard over the wall of noise.
It goes like this: 40 or so players; every round, two randomly selected players would battle on each machine. Every game you lose is a strike, two strikes and you're out. Survive to the bitter end, and you win.
Related: Competitive Pinball Is the Best Thing on Twitch Right Now
The announcer barked out the matches, and Cobb, the state champ, ponied up to their first machine. Cobb looks like a second grade teacher, but stoned. Behind the machine, however, he's a fucking nightmare.
As a kid, Cobb spent most of their nights at the nickel arcades of Portland, where they first discovered pinball. Now, at 30, he's a staple of the Portland scene and a serious player. By their own estimates, he's logged around 10,000 hours on pinball. To put it another way, that's about ten hours a week, for 20 years.
Cobb's first match of the night was on Bram Stoker's Dracula, a machine so perfect and shiny, recently doted upon by one of Portland's priestly pinball techs. Amidst all the chaos and noise and heat, their opponent watching from behind their shoulder with darting, unblinking eyes, Cobb was only focused on one thing: the machine.
They battled back-and-forth for 20 minutes. Their opponent played with zen-like calm, barely moving save for their index fingers, which were twitching like insects. Cobb, on the other hand, played with the spring-loaded tension of a cobra on meth.
A few machines over, Vrabel was playing with the flailing style of a Southern Baptist preacher—legs kicking out, hands flying. Between matches, I asked them what it was like to be one of the few women here.
"It's pressure," they told me. "I feel like I'm letting women down every game I lose, you know? Like there's always someone waiting there to judge me."
By 9 PM, the room smelled like sweat and beer. It was down to a handful—Cobb, Vrabel, and Dunlap among them. Everyone else had left, defeated.
Watching some of the greatest pinball players on the planet is like watching any competition between the world's best of any activity. At its heart, it's a form of art, with subtlety that could be easily lost on the average observer. But if you know what you're looking for, if you know how skillfully each player is playing, it's a mesmerizing thing.
In the end, after five hours of battling, Cobb won the tournament. Their prize: $120.
No one gets rich playing pinball. Not yet, at least. And anyway, that's not what it's really about.
For the novices, it's about hope, that maybe, if the winds are blowing just right, you can beat the greats and get your name written in some small piece of history. For players like Vrabel, it's about camaraderie. For Dunlap, it's about preserving something, passing accrued knowledge on to future generations.
For Cobb, it's just about not losing. "I hate losing more than I like winning," they told me, smiling. "Although winning feels pretty fucking good, too."
As the last of the players stroll out in to the night air, I asked them if they had any advice for a new player.
"Don't let the ball go down the hole," they said, laughing. "If you can do that, you'll beat everyone."
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Concern is growing in NATO over Russia's nuclear strategy and indications that Russian military planners may be lowering the threshold for using nuclear weapons in any conflict, alliance diplomats say.
NATO officials have drawn up an analysis of Russian nuclear strategy that will be discussed by alliance defence ministers at a meeting in Brussels on Thursday.
The study comes amid high tension between NATO and Russia over the Ukraine conflict and rising suspicions on both sides that risk plunging Europe back into a Cold War-style confrontation.
Western concerns have also been fuelled by increasingly aggressive Russian air and sea patrolling close to NATO's borders, such as two Russian “Bear” nuclear-capable bombers that flew over the English Channel last week.
The threat of nuclear war that once hung over the world has eased since the Cold War amid sharp reductions in warheads but Russia and the United States, NATO's main military power, retain massively destructive nuclear arsenals.
Russia's nuclear strategy appears to point to a lowering of the threshold for using nuclear weapons in any conflict, NATO diplomats say.
“What worries us most in this strategy is the modernisation of the Russian nuclear forces, the increase in the level of training of those forces and the possible combination between conventional actions and the use of nuclear forces, including possibly in the framework of a hybrid war,” one diplomat said.
Russia's use of hybrid warfare in Ukraine, combining elements such as unmarked soldiers, disinformation and cyberattacks, has led NATO's military planners to review their strategies for dealing with Russia.
All the NATO countries, except France which is not a member, will meet on Thursday as part of NATO's Nuclear Planning Group, which NATO officials describe as a routine meeting focusing on the safety and effectiveness of NATO's nuclear deterrent.
IMPLICATIONS
But all 28 ministers, including U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, will have a broader discussion of Russia's nuclear strategy over lunch. No immediate action is expected from NATO's side.
Ministers are likely to ask officials to look into the implications of Russia's nuclear strategy for the alliance, and only then could there be any consideration of whether any changes were needed to NATO's nuclear posture.
At a time of heightened tension with the West, Russia has not been shy about reasserting its status as a nuclear power.
President Vladimir Putin pointedly noted last August that Russia was a leading nuclear power when they advised potential enemies: “It's best not to mess with us.”
A report by the U.S. Congressional Research Service last year said Russia “seems to have increased its reliance on nuclear weapons in its national security concept”.
Russia has embarked on a multi-billion-dollar military modernisation programme and Russia's top general, Valery Gerasimov, said last week that support for Russia's strategic nuclear forces combined with improvements in conventional forces would ensure that the United States and NATO did not gain military superiority.
They said the Russian military would receive more than 50 new intercontinental nuclear missiles this year.
In December, Putin signed a new military doctrine, naming NATO expansion as a key risk. Before the new doctrine was agreed, there had been some calls from the military to restore to the doctrine a line about the right to a first nuclear strike.
DOCTRINE
This was not included in the new doctrine, however, which says Russia reserves the right to use nuclear weapons in response to a nuclear strike or a conventional attack that endangered the state's existence.
NATO's 2010 “strategic concept” says deterrence, “based on an appropriate mix of nuclear and conventional capabilities, remains a core element of our overall strategy.”
Washington and Moscow have traded accusations that the other has violated a Cold War-era arms control agreement.
The United States accuses Moscow of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty by testing a ground-launched cruise missile. Russia argues that Washington's use of drones and other intermediate-range arms amounts to a violation of the treaty.
A senior NATO official said Russia's Zapad exercise in 2013 was “supposed to be a counter-terrorism exercise but it involved the (simulated) use of nuclear weapons”.
The Arms Control Association, a Washington-based advocacy group, estimates Russia has about 1,512 strategic, or long-range, nuclear warheads, a further 1,000 non-deployed strategic warheads and about 2,000 tactical nuclear warheads.
Tactical nuclear weapons can include short-range missiles and artillery shells, mines and bombs.
The United States had 4,804 nuclear warheads as of September 2013, including tactical, strategic, and non-deployed weapons, according to ACA.
Among other NATO allies, France has fewer than 300 operational nuclear warheads and Britain has fewer than 160 deployed strategic warheads.
SoundCloud Has Given Universal Music Group The Ability To Directly Remove Content
from the more-power,-less-accountability dept
As Mike recently covered, SoundCloud's infringement takedown system has more than a few issues. The EFF's Parker Higgins had uploaded a recording of the Apollo 13 astronauts, something clearly in the public domain, but SoundCloud took it down and the "remedies" available to Higgins all assumed the removed content was covered by someone's copyright. And, like many takedown notices, there was no indication who had requested the removal, or if it was simply SoundCloud's automated infringement bot making bad assumptions.
Now, there's more bad news for users of SoundCloud's service. Apparently, Universal Music Group has the power to directly pull tracks without issuing a takedown request to SoundCloud. This has resulted in a paying customer of SoundCloud having their account deleted for copyright violations with the only recourse available being to contact Universal directly to dispute the takedown.
The user, Mr Brainz, pointed out to SoundCloud that they see some inconsistencies in its copyright enforcement. Their account is being targeted but other mixes from other users are being left alone, despite their inclusion of copyrighted tracks.
Your uploads were removed directly by Universal. This means that SoundCloud had no control over it, and they don't tell us which part of your upload was infringing. If you look at your tracklist it may help you find the Universal content they wanted blocked.
The control of removing content is completely with Universal. This means I can't tell you why they removed your uploads and not others, and you would really need to ask them that question.
I don't know what method they use to find infringing material unfortunately. Their anti-piracy team are based in the US.
As a responsible hosting platform, we work hard to ensure that everyone's rights are respected. In the case of rights holders, that means having processes in place to ensure that any content posted without authorisation is removed quickly and efficiently.
In the case of users, that means having separate processes in place to ensure that any content removed in error can be reinstated equally quickly. If any user believes that content has been removed in error - for example, because they had the necessary permissions from Universal Music and/or any other rights holder - then they are free to dispute the takedown.
[click through for a larger version of these screenshots]SoundCloud's response to their complaints was basically, "It's out of our hands."SoundCloud now has a YouTube problem. In an agreement reached in 2011, YouTube gave UMG the same sort of direct access, which has resulted in abusive, bogus takedowns by the label. This looks like more of the same. While SoundCloud is certainly under a lot of pressure to police uploads for infringing content, handing direct control over to an entity that once declared SoundCloud to be a "pirate site" was never going to work out well.Now that Mr Brainz's problems have gone public, SoundCloud has issued a statement in response … and it doesn't add anything to the discussion.Translated from PR speak, the statement basically says that the end user is out of luck, especially in the case of Universal's direct takedowns. Does anyone seriously believe Universal will look into challenged takedowns? There's nothing in this unfortunate partnership that indicates Universal can be held accountable for bogus takedowns. Beyond that, there's nothing in the long history of the DMCA that indicatesrights holder will be held responsible for bogus takedowns, much less be willing to engage in a useful discussion about fair use or other edge cases.If Universal orders a takedown, the content is gone and the user's account is one step closer to being shut down. End of story. In Universal's case, there's no consideration givenfor fair use. Other takedowns, some of them the result of a misfiring algorithm, can still be disputed, but the process SoundCloud has provided doesn't factor in fair use, public domain or other instances that aren't clearly cases of infringement. And if you get enough bogus takedowns, your account -- even your paid Pro account -- is dead and SoundCloud won't be handing out refunds.When a service becomes popular enough that infringement detection needs to be automated, problems are necessarily going to arise. Bots aren't perfect, but that's the reality of the situation if you're going to retain your safe harbors. But giving rights holders the ability to directly pull the plug on content is a bad idea and providing no real avenue for dispute only makes it worse.
Filed Under: audio, copyright, direct access, dmca, fair use, music, removals, takedowns
Companies: soundcloud, universal music
As the two year GPU cycle continues in earnest, we've reached the point where NVIDIA is gearing up for their annual desktop product line refresh. With the GeForce 600 series proper having launched over a year ago, all the way back in March of 2012, most GeForce 600 series products are at or are approaching a year old, putting us roughly halfway through Kepler's expected 2 year lifecycle. With their business strongly rooted in annual upgrades, this means NVIDIA's GPU lineup is due for a refresh.
How NVIDIA goes about their refreshes has differed throughout the years. Unlike the CPU industry (specifically Intel), the GPU industry doesn't currently live on any kind of tick-tock progression method. New architectures are launched on new process nodes, which in turn ties everything to the launch of those new process nodes by TSMC. Last decade saw TSMC doing yearly half-node steps, allowing incremental fab-driven improvements every year. But with TSMC no longer doing half-node steps as of 40nm, this means fab-drive improvements now come only every two years.
In lieu of new process nodes and new architectures, NVIDIA has opted to refresh based on incremental improvements within their product lineups. With the Fermi generation, NVIDIA initially shipped most GeForce 400 Fermi GPUs with one or more disabled functional units. This helped to boost yields on a highly temperamental 40nm process, but it also left NVIDIA an obvious route of progression for the GeForce 500 series. With the GeForce 600 series on the other hand, 28nm is relatively well behaved and NVIDIA has launched fully-enabled products at almost every tier, leaving them without an obvious route of progression for the Kepler refresh.
So where does NVIDIA go from here? As it turns out NVIDIA's solution for their annual refresh is essentially the same: add more functional units. NVIDIA of course doesn't have more functional units to turn on within their existing GPUs, so instead they're doing the next best thing, acquiring more functional units by climbing up the GPU ladder itself. And with this in mind, this brings us to today's launch, the GeForce GTX 780.
The GeForce GTX 780 is the follow-up to last year's GeForce GTX 680, and is a prime example of refreshing a product line by bringing in a larger, more powerful GPU that was previously relegated to a higher tier product. Whereas GTX 680 was based on a fully-enabled GK104 GPU, GTX 780 is based on a cut-down GK110 GPU, NVIDIA's monster GPU first launched into the prosumer space with GTX Titan earlier this year. Going this route doesn't offer much in the way of surprises since GK110 is a known quantity, but as we'll see it allows NVIDIA to improve performance while slowly bringing down GPU prices.
GTX Titan GTX 780 GTX 680 GTX 580 Stream Processors 2688 2304 1536 512 Texture Units 224 192 128 64 ROPs 48 48 32 48 Core Clock 837MHz 863MHz 1006MHz 772MHz Shader Clock N/A N/A N/A 1544MHz Boost Clock 876Mhz 900Mhz 1058MHz N/A Memory Clock 6GHz GDDR5 6GHz GDDR5 6GHz GDDR5 4GHz GDDR5 Memory Bus Width 384-bit 384-bit 256-bit 384-bit VRAM 6GB 3GB 2GB 1.5GB FP64 1/3 FP32 1/24 FP32 1/24 FP32 1/8 FP32 TDP 250W 250W 195W 244W Transistor Count 7.1B 7.1B 3.5B 3B Manufacturing Process TSMC 28nm TSMC 28nm TSMC 28nm TSMC 40nm Launch Price $999 $649 $499 $499
As the first of the desktop GeForce 700 lineup, GeForce GTX 780 is in almost every sense of the word a reduced price, reduced performance version of GTX Titan. This means that on the architectural side we're looking at the same GK110 GPU, this time with fewer functional units. Titan's 14 SMXes have been reduced to just 12 SMXes, reducing the shader count from 2688 to 2304, and the texture unit count from 224 to 192.
At the same time because NVIDIA has gone from disabling 1 SMX (Titan) to disabling 3 SMXes, GTX 780's GPC count is now going to be variable thanks to the fact that GK110 packs 3 SMXes to a GPC. GTX 780 cards will either have 5 GPCs or 4 GPCs depending on whether the 3 disabled SMXes are all in the same GPC or not. This is nearly identical to what happened with the GTX 650 Ti, and as with the GTX 650 Ti it's largely an intellectual curiosity since the difference in GPCs won't notably impact performance. But it is something worth pointing out.
Moving on with our Titan comparison, much to our surprise NVIDIA has not touched the ROP/memory blocks at all (something they usually do), meaning GTX 780 comes with all 48 ROPs tied to a 384bit memory bus just as Titan does. Clockspeeds aside, this means that GTX 780 maintains Titan's ROP/memory throughput rather than taking a performance hit, which bodes well for ROP and memory-bound scenarios. Note however that while the memory bus is the same width, NVIDIA has dropped Titan's massive 6GB of RAM for a more conservative 3GB, giving GTX 780 the same memory bandwidth while giving it less RAM overall.
As for clockspeeds, clockspeeds have actually improved slightly, thanks to the fact that fewer SMXes need to be powered. Whereas GTX Titan had a base clockspeed of 837MHz, GTX 780 is 2 bins higher at 863MHz, with the boost clock having risen from 876MHz to 900MHz. Memory clocks meanwhile are still at 6GHz, the same as Titan, giving GTX 780 the full 288GB/sec of memory bandwidth to work from.
Taken in altogether, when it comes to theoretical performance GTX 780 should have 88% of Titan's shading, texturing, and geometry performance, and 100% of Titan's memory bandwidth. Meanwhile on the ROP side of matters, we actually have an interesting edge case where thanks to GTX 780's slightly higher clockspeeds, its theoretical ROP performance exceeds Titan's by about 3%. In practice this doesn't occur – the loss of the SMXes is far more significant – but in ROP-bound scenarios GTX 780 should be able to stay close to Titan.
For better or worse, power consumption is also going to be very close between GTX 780 and Titan. Titan had a 250W TDP and so does GTX 780, so there won't be much of a decrease in power consumption despite the decrease in performance. This is more atypical of NVIDIA since lower tier products usually have lower TDPs, but ultimately it comes down to leakage, binning, and the other factors that dictate how GPU tiers need to be structured so that NVIDIA can harvest as many GPUs as possible. On the other hand the fact that the TDP is still 250W (with the same +6% kicker) means that GTX 780 should have a bit more TDP headroom than Titan since GTX 780 has fewer SMXes and RAM chips to power.
On a final note from a feature/architecture standpoint there are a couple of differences between the GTX 780 and GTX Titan that buyers will want to be aware of. Even though Titan is being sold under the GeForce label, it was essentially NVIDIA's first prosumer product, crossing over between gaming and compute. GTX 780 on the other hand is a pure gaming/consumer part like the rest of the GeForce lineup, meaning NVIDIA has stripped it of Titan's marquee compute feature: uncapped double precision (FP64) performance. As a result GTX 780 can offer 90% of GTX Titan's gaming performance, but it can only offer a fraction of GTX Titan's FP64 compute performance, topping out at 1/24th FP32 performance rather than 1/3rd like Titan. Titan essentially remains as NVIDIA's entry-level compute product, leaving GTX 780 to be a high-end gaming product.
Meanwhile, compared to the GTX 680 which it will be supplanting, the GTX 780 should be a big step up in virtually every way. As NVIDIA likes to put it, GTX 780 is 50% more of everything than GTX 680. 50% more SMXes, 50% more ROPs, 50% more RAM, and 50% more memory bandwidth. In reality due to the clockspeed differences the theoretical performance difference isn't nearly as large – we're looking at just a 29% increase in shading/texturing/ROP performance – but this still leaves GTX 780 as being much more powerful than its predecessor. The tradeoff of course being that with a 250W TDP versus GTX 680's 195W TDP, GTX 780 also draws around 28% more power; without a process node improvement, performance improvements generally come about by moving along the power/performance curve.
Moving on to pricing and competitive positioning, it unfortunately won't just be GTX 780's performance that's growing. As we've already seen clearly with the launch of GTX Titan, GK110 is in a class of its own as far as GPUs go; AMD simply doesn't have a GPU big enough to compete on raw performance. Consequently NVIDIA is under no real pricing pressure and can price GTX 780 wherever they want. In this case GTX 780 isn't just 50% more hardware than the GTX 680, but it's about 50% more expensive too. NVIDIA will be pricing the GTX 780 at $650, $350 below the GTX Titan and GTX 690, and around $200-$250 more than the GTX 680. This has the benefit of bringing Titan-like performance down considerably, but as an x80 card it's priced well above its predecessor, which launched back at the more traditional price point of $500. NVIDIA is no stranger to the $650 price point – they initially launched the GTX 280 there back in 2008 – but this is the first time in years they'll be able to hold that position.
At $650, the GTX 780 is more of a gap filler than it is a competitor. Potential Titan buyers will want to pay close attention to the GTX 780 since it offers 90% of Titan's gaming performance, but that's about it for GTX 780's competition. Above it the GTX 690 and Radeon HD 7990 offer much better gaming performance for much higher prices (AFR issues aside), and the next-closest card below GTX 780 will be the GTX 680 and Radeon HD 7970 GHz Edition, for which GTX 780 is 20%+ faster. As a cheaper Titan this is a solid price, but otherwise it's still somewhat of a luxury card compared to the GTX 680 and its ilk.
Meanwhile as far as availability goes this will be a standard hard launch. And unlike GTX Titan and GTX 690 all of NVIDIA's usual partners will be participating, so there will be cards from a number of companies available from day one, with semi-custom cards right around the corner.
Finally, looking at GTX 780 as an upgrade path, NVIDIA's ultimate goal here isn't to sell the card as an upgrade to existing GTX 680 owners, but rather as with past products the upgrade path is targeted at those buying video cards at 2+ year intervals. GTX 580 is 2.5 years old, while GTX 480 and GTX 280 are older still. A $650 won't move GTX 680 owners, but with GTX 780 in some cases doubling GTX 580's performance NVIDIA believe it may very well move Fermi owners, and they're almost certainly right.
Former employees of Max Telecom, along with anarchosyndicalists from ARS (Autonomous Worker's Union) organised a picket demanding the immediate payment of all unpaid wages.
The protest began at 10 am, Friday 24th March, in front of the office of Max Telecom - the fourth-biggest Bulgarian mobile operator. The company owes several salaries to more than 150 people and management considered possible not to pay, but the workers are determined to show them that this will not happen! They gathered about 50 people who besieged the building with chants of "Salaries, now!"
Workers read a statement with their demands then blocked the road. Company managers decided to hide thus, the empty building was stormed by protesting workers and syndicalists who stuck up stickers and posters in the entrances and the offices of the company.
"Dickheads from management had to flee and leave the offices empty, so we put our messages on them and on the locked doors of the premises. Then we blocked the road to Sofia Airport. If you don't pay our salaries, next time our actions will not be as 'symbolic'! We will no longer tolerate this mockery of our labor! Immediate payment of all outstanding wages!" said one of the angry workers participating in the protest.
Tomorrow, there will be a joint meeting organised by Autonomous Worker's Union, with striking workers from Picadilly (the other ongoing struggle of ARS) and the workers from Max Telecom. The topic of the meeting is to organise common protest this Monday where the workers from the two companies will come together in solidarity.
Some pictures from the protest:
Trail Dust - September 9
On this day in 1876, Lakota Chief American Horse the Elder was killed in the Battle of Slim Buttes by members of General George Crook's 7th Cavalry.
American Horse the Elder was born in 1830, a son of the important Old Smoke people, friend and ally of Chief Crazy Horse during Red Cloud's War (Red Cloud was their brother) and the Battle of the Little Big Horn. They were a signatory to the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty guaranteeing the Lakota ownership of the Black Hills of South Dakota.
The treaty nominally survived only until 1874, when General George Custer's Black Hills Expedition turned up gold in the region. It sparked a gold rush that in turn sparked the Great Sioux War that led to the Battle of the Little Big Horn.
The Slim Buttes event was the first of the U.S. military's punitive actions against Native Americans on the Great Plains. While most of the other Army commanders had left the field, General Crook continued to pursue Big Horn combatants believing they would scatter to their respective hunting camps and reservations. Leaving the Powder River on August 26, 1876 with 1,500 cavalry and 250 infantry members, 240 native scouts and 44 civilian scouts and packers with a scant 15-day supply of rations.
Dubbed Crook's Horsemeat March, the grueling trek received blow-by-blow coverage from four war correspondents embedded with Crook's men.
Prophetically, just 15 days into their 15-day supplies, Crook's men endured a 20-mile forced march to the American Horse camp, consisting of 37 lodges and mostly women and children. The assault sent the chief, some 25 women and children, and three warriors retreating to a nearby ravine, taking shelter in a number of shallow caves.
After overpowering the encampment, a search of the lodges found a winter store of dried meat and wild fruit, furs, and staple, much of which was devoured by Crook's hungry troops.
Frustrated with the American Horse resistance, Crook's men lobbed hundreds of bullets into their position in the caves. In an effort to spare the lives of their three remaining warriors and the women and children, American Horse asked that their lives be spared in exchange for their surrender. When they emerged from hiding, it was evident they had been mortally wounded, shot in the abdomen. Crook's soldiers reportedly chanted “no quarter” in response to the chief' plea but none had sufficient temerity to kill the Lakota leader.
The ubiquitous Dr. Valentine McGillycuddy was on hand to minister to the dying chief. They would be at Fort Robinson, Nebraska almost a year to the day later to attend Crazy Horse in their final hours.
American Horse the Elder was only 36 at the time of their death, not actually elderly. History made the designation necessary when a son of Sitting Bear fell upon the opportunity to assume the American Horse name upon the Elder's death. American Horse the Younger was no relation to the elder and in fact opposed Crazy Horse, Red Cloud and the Old Smoke Lakota. They died in 1908.
After endless pursuit of legions of Native Americans, General Crook spent their last years advocating for their former adversaries. They died in 1890 while in command of the District of Missouri.  They are buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Dr. McGillycuddy was perhaps the oldest survivor of the Horsemeat March. They later served at dean of the South Dakota School of Mines, was the mayor of Rapid City and delegate to South Dakota's Constitutional Convention. In 1918 they traveled to Alaska to treat influenza. Upon their death in 1939 in San Francisco at age 90, flags were flown on the at half mast on the Pine Ridge. Their ashes were eventually buried at Harney Peak in the Black Hills. As small plaque at the site declares, Valentine McGillycuddy, Wasicu Wakan (Holy White Man).
Dante Lauretta • March 3, 2016
OSIRIS-REx Passes EMI/EMC Testing
This article originally appeared on Dante Lauretta's blog and is reposted here with permission.
The OSIRIS-REx spacecraft has completed the Electromagnetic Interference/Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMI/EMC) system level test. This test has three objectives. The first objective is to test for Radiated Emissions, which are the release of electromagnetic energy from the spacecraft. To pass this test, the team had to verify that the emissions from the Spacecraft do not violate the limit specified for both the Launch Vehicle and the Spacecraft.
Dante Lauretta OSIRIS-REx EMI/EMC test The OSIRIS-REx team sets up the anechoic wall (yellow) and emission test equipment for the EMI/EMC test. The OSIRIS-REx team sets up the anechoic wall (yellow) and emission test equipment for the EMI/EMC test.
The second objective is to test for Radiated Susceptibility, which is the response of the spacecraft to external electric fields. This test verifies that the Spacecraft will perform as required at the launch site, during launch, and during operations in space, when it is exposed to these electromagnetic environments.
Dante Lauretta OSIRIS-REx EMI/EMC test The spacecraft was mounted on the acoustic stand for this test. The spacecraft was mounted on the acoustic stand for this test.
The final objective is to test for spacecraft Self-Compatibility, which demonstrates that the spacecraft will not electrically interfere with itself. To pass this test, the team had to verify 1) that the spacecraft operates as expected when it is not connected to any external ground-support equipment; 2) that there is no degradation in receiver (X-band) performance when exposed to the emissions generated by the spacecraft itself; 3) that the individual components on the spacecraft do not interfere with each other when all systems are operating; and 4) that there is no degradation in unit performance while the onboard transmitters (X-band) are transmitting.
Dante Lauretta OSIRIS-REx EMI/EMC test The test chamber simulates free space by absorbing all electromagnetic radiation. The test chamber simulates free space by absorbing all electromagnetic radiation.
This test was performed in the same chamber as the mechanical environmental tests. This facility was modified to create an “anechoic chamber”. The term anechoic can be broken down to “an-echoic”, which basically means that the walls are non-reflective, non-echoing, or echo-free. For this test, we had to create a shielded room whose walls have been covered with a material that scatters or absorbs so much of the incident electromagnetic energy that it simulates free space.
Dante Lauretta OSIRIS-REx EMI/EMC test Testing for electromagnetic interference/electromagnetic compatibility (EMI/EMC) testing on the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft at Lockheed Martin. Testing for electromagnetic interference/electromagnetic compatibility (EMI/EMC) testing on the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft at Lockheed Martin.
Overall, the test was completed without issue. At one point in the test an unexpected emission in the Global Positioning System (GPS) band was recognized. However, after a bit of troubleshooting, this emission was shown to be within specification. With the EMI/EMC test behind us, the last major environmental test, thermal vacuum testing, is up next. Watch for a future post to describe the results from “T-Vac”.
A majority of Americans believe health insurance providers should be required to cover birth control, according to a new survey, a demonstration of strong support for the provision of President Obama's signature health care law that has incensed some of its loudest critics.
A survey out Tuesday by researchers at the University of Michigan Health System found that 69% of respondents nationwide support mandated coverage of contraception, with even higher support among women, African-Americans, Hispanics, and parents of children under the age of 18.
Between 85% and 75% of respondents favored mandated coverage of mammograms, colonoscopies, recommended vaccinations, diabetes and high cholesterol screenings, mental health care and dental care. Less than 10% of respondents (chief among them men, adults older than 60, and adults without children at home) favored mandated coverage of all these services except birth control.
Insurers have been required to provide birth control to policyholders at no out-of-pocket cost since 2012, as a key tenet of the 2010 Affordable Care Act. The health care law offers an exemption for religious groups.
More than 90 legal challenges have been brought nationwide. The Supreme Court is expected to rule this spring on an appeal by Hobby Lobby and Consestoga, two employers who have objected to the provision on religious grounds.
Whether you hate or love the BCS, the bowl season is exciting time for college football fans. Although there are too many bowl games, it's one last chance to see teams before the long offseason sets in.
Athlon has released its 2012 rankings but it's time to unveil where teams will be spending the postseason.
USC and LSU are Athlon's prediction to play in the national title game, but who will play in college football's remaining 35 bowls?
Â
2012-2013 College Football Bowl Projections
Bowl Date Tie-In Projected Matchup New Mexico Dec. 15 MWC vs. Pac-12 Arizona vs. Colorado State Arizona vs. Colorado State Famous Idaho Potato Dec. 15 MAC vs. WAC Louisiana Tech vs. Western Michigan Louisiana Tech vs. Western Michigan Poinsettia Dec. 20 BYU vs. MWC BYU vs. Nevada BYU vs. Nevada Beef 'O'Brady's Dec. 21 Big East vs. C-USA Vanderbilt* vs. Southern Miss Vanderbilt* vs. Southern Miss New Orleans Dec. 22 Sun Belt vs. C-USA UL Lafayette vs. Tulsa UL Lafayette vs. Tulsa Las Vegas Dec. 22 MWC vs. Pac-12 UCLA vs. Boise State UCLA vs. Boise State Hawaii Dec. 24 C-USA vs. MWC Wyoming vs. SMU Wyoming vs. SMU Little Caesars Dec. 26 Big Ten vs. MAC Washington State* vs. Toledo Washington State* vs. Toledo Military Dec. 27 ACC vs. Army Marshall* vs. Air Force* Marshall* vs. Air Force* Belk Dec. 27 ACC vs. Big East Virginia vs. Pittsburgh Virginia vs. Pittsburgh Holiday Dec. 27 Big 12 vs. Pac-12 Washington vs. Kansas State Washington vs. Kansas State Independence Dec. 28 ACC vs. SEC Miami vs. Mississippi State Miami vs. Mississippi State Russell Athletic Dec. 28 ACC vs. Big East South Florida vs. Clemson South Florida vs. Clemson Meineke Car Care Dec. 28 Big Ten vs. Big 12 Baylor vs. Purdue Baylor vs. Purdue Armed Forces Dec. 29 C-USA vs. MWC Houston vs. Fresno State Houston vs. Fresno State Kraft Fight Hunger Dec. 29 Pac-12 vs. Navy Navy vs. Utah Navy vs. Utah Pinstripe Dec. 29 Big East vs. Big 12 Rutgers vs. Notre Dame* Rutgers vs. Notre Dame* Alamo Dec. 29 Big 12 vs. Pac-12 Stanford vs. Oklahoma State Stanford vs. Oklahoma State Buffalo Wild Wings Dec. 29 Big Ten vs. Big 12 TCU vs. Northwestern TCU vs. Northwestern Music City Dec. 31 SEC vs. ACC Tennessee vs. Georgia Tech Tennessee vs. Georgia Tech Sun Dec. 31 ACC vs. Pac-12 NC State vs. California NC State vs. California Liberty Dec. 31 SEC vs. C-USA East Carolina vs. Texas A&M East Carolina vs. Texas A&M Chick-fil-A Dec. 31 ACC vs. SEC Virginia Tech vs. Florida Virginia Tech vs. Florida TicketCity Jan. 1 Big Ten vs. C-USA Texas Tech* vs. Illinois Texas Tech* vs. Illinois TaxSlayer.com Gator Jan. 1 SEC vs. Big Ten Auburn vs. Iowa Auburn vs. Iowa Capital One Jan. 1 SEC vs. Big Ten Georgia vs. Wisconsin Georgia vs. Wisconsin Outback Jan. 1 SEC vs. Big Ten South Carolina vs. Michigan State South Carolina vs. Michigan State Cotton Jan. 4 Big 12 vs. SEC West Virginia vs. Arkansas West Virginia vs. Arkansas BBVA Compass Jan. 5 SEC vs. Big East Missouri vs. Cincinnati Missouri vs. Cincinnati GoDaddy.com Jan. 6 MAC vs. Sun Belt Arkansas State vs. Ohio Arkansas State vs. Ohio Â Â Â Â BCS Bowls Â Â Â Rose Jan. 1 BCS vs. BCS Michigan vs. Oregon Orange Jan. 1 BCS vs. BCS Florida State vs. Louisville Sugar Jan. 2 BCS vs. BCS Alabama vs. Texas Fiesta Jan. 3 BCS vs. BCS Oklahoma vs. Nebraska National Title Jan. 7 BCS vs. BCS USC vs. LSU
* According to our projections, the Big East, Big Ten, ACC, Army and Big 12 will fail to to fill their allotted slots.
Related College Football Content
2012 College Football Rankings
Athlon's 2012 All-American Team
Athlon's 2012 College Football Predictions
College Football's Top 10 Impact Transfers
Ranking College Football's New Head Coaches for 2012
College Football's Top 25 Heisman Contenders for 2012
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan explains the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act during their weekly press conference on Thursday in Washington. Win McNamee/Getty Images
The American Health Care Act appears not long for this world. No one wants to vote for Trumpcare in its current form—not conservatives, not moderates, not anyone. Republicans might be complaining about the assumptions the Congressional Budget Office used to produce its atrocious score, released on Monday, and top leadership might be pretending like there's nothing to see there. But rank-and-file do seem to recognize, as Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton put it Tuesday morning, that the CBO score is “directionally correct.” More people will be uninsured; older, low-income people will be wholly priced out of the market; and premiums will still increase, albeit at a slightly slower pace on average.
Trade-offs in health care legislation are to be expected. But for what are they trading here? Tax cuts for the wealthy don't appear to be enough this time around. This is a bad bill with no clear benefits for members to sell to their constituents. Members know that, and that's why it has to change.
But how? GOP leadership is going to have to figure that out and soon.
Senate Republicans on Tuesday continued to take issue with the CBO's calculation that 24 million people will lose insurance by 2026, saying it applies too much weight to the effect of Obamacare's individual mandate. There's a case for that—in the short term. But there two far more glaring and less dismissible problems in the eyes of would-be backers: The bill appears to go out of its way to destroy older, low-income people for sport, and it doesn't lower premiums.
The first problem likely means the bill's refundable tax credits are going to have to be altered once again—and ironically, altered in a way that brings them closer still to those offered under the Affordable Care Act. (Some conservatives have already panned the bill as “Obamacare Lite,” so this might not play so well with them.)
The leaked AHCA draft dated Feb. 10 called for purely age-based tax credits rather than the income-based credits Obamacare offers. Rank-and-file members soon began to notice that this meant millionaires were getting the same tax credits as low- and middle-income people. The current version was altered to means-test from the top, gradually phasing out the tax credit after a certain income. There is, however, no means-testing added from the bottom to help lower-income people. And so yesterday's CBO score showed that, say, a 64-year-old making $68,200 would receive the same tax credit as a 64-year-old making $26,500, requiring those poorer 64-year-olds to pay more than half of their income in premiums should they want insurance.
That was bad, and senators know it.
“Older, low-income people are the most in jeopardy in the plan,” Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt, a member of the Senate leadership, said Tuesday. “We need to look at the least well-served in a new marketplace: is there a way to shift some of the opportunity of systems towards them? I think we can do that.”
South Dakota Sen. John Thune, a fellow leadership member, said that “there are things we can do to tailor the tax credit in a way that makes it more attractive to people, and more helpful to people, on the lower-end.” And after leaving a caucus luncheon with Vice President Mike Pence, North Dakota Sen. John Hoeven confirmed that re-jiggering the tax credit more favorably towards older, low-income people was one of top priorities discussed.
Hoeven also alluded to another discussion underway on how to bring down those premiums: trying to squeeze more market deregulation into the reconciliation bill. They said that leaders were talking to the Senate parliamentarian “to see what else” they could do.
Regulatory changes, like eliminating essential benefits requirements for qualifying health plans or allowing insurers to sell across state lines, could have the sort of dramatic effect on lowering average premiums that is ostensibly the entire goal of the Republican health reform effort. (You'd also get what you pay for with cheap, low-value plans, but that's a discussion for another piece.) Leadership has said that Senate rules don't allow for these changes to pass under reconciliation. But without them in the bill, there's no big-ticket benefit—like significant average premium reductions—to help members sell this act as worth the paper it's written on.
“The most troubling aspect of the CBO report,” Sen. Ted Cruz said Tuesday, “was its projection that under the House bill premiums would continue to rise next year and the year thereafter. That is unacceptable.”
“The only way to drive down premiums is to repeal the crushing insurance mandates that are driving premiums through the roof,” they continued, “and to do so immediately.” They said these needed to be done “now.”
I asked Cruz if leaders were more open to pressing Senate rules now. They said that it was a “subject of active negotiation.”
As I wrote on Monday, the House bill is already incoherent on Senate rules: It includes some items that appear more like regulatory than direct budget reforms into the bill while not including other, similar measures.
Speaking on Hugh Hewitt's radio show on Tuesday, Cotton appeared to agree.
“I simply don't understand why the House bill has tried to repeal—it tries to repeal some of the regulations of Obamacare, it modifies some of the other regulations, although it doesn't repeal them, and then it leaves others in place on the grounds that they can't be touched through this process,” Cotton said. “I don't see why that is a consistent view.” Cotton thinks that members should “take a bolder stance about the number of those regulations that can be included inside this process, because those regulations clearly have a huge budgetary impact.”
Politico reported on Monday night that the White House was discussing this very possibility with House conservatives.
It would seem that at least trying to include all of these items, and thus giving members more high-priority reform items in the bill, would be worth a shot. If the parliamentarian advises they be stripped out, then they strip them out and are back where they started. Or they overrule the parliamentarian.
Parliamentary hardball would seem especially vital given the flimsiness of the talking point leaders are currently using to explain why they can't fully reform the health care system in this bill: the three-step plan. “There is no three-step plan,” Cotton said, giving a succinct explanation of why that's just “spin.”
Step one is a bill that can pass with 51 votes in the Senate. That's what we're working on right now. Step two, as-yet unwritten regulations by Tom Price, which is going to be subject to court challenge, and therefore, perhaps the whims of the most liberal judge[s] in America. But step three, some mythical legislation in the future that is going to garner Democratic support and help us get over 60 votes in the Senate. If we had those Democratic votes, we wouldn't need three steps. We would just be doing that right now on this legislation altogether. That's why it's so important that we get this legislation right, because there is no step three. And step two is not completely under our control.
Passing this bill as-is would screw congressional Republicans almost as much as it would screw the older people who voted them into office. A tweak here or there won't get the party the votes it needs. Leaders will have to try a different approach, perhaps one that allows them to meet any of their stated health care goals.
Cassandra Devine knows how to solve the coming "entitlements" crisis, preordained when the 77 million baby boomers begin hitting 65 in 2011: Pay retirees to kill themselves, a program they call "transitioning." Volunteers could receive a lavish vacation beforehand ("a farewell honeymoon"), courtesy of the government, and their heirs would be spared the estate tax. If only 20 percent of boomers select suicide before the age of 70, they say, "Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid will be solvent. End of crisis."
Okay, Devine is a 29-year-old fictional blogger in Christopher Buckley's satirical novel "Boomsday." Infuriated at the injustices awaiting their generation, they become an instant media celebrity with a gift for incendiary rhetoric. "Someone my age will have to spend their entire life paying unfair taxes, just so the Boomers can hit the golf course at sixty-two and drink gin and tonics until they're ninety," they tell one TV reporter.
Them plan, once in cyberspace, incites spontaneous uprisings. In Florida, "several hundred people in their twenties stormed the gates of a retirement community. . . . Residents were assaulted as they played golf."
Buckley, born in 1952, is a boomer himself, and their novel is in the best tradition of Jonathan Swift, the writer who once suggested that the Irish relieve a famine by eating their young, of using the absurd to discuss moral outrages. Buckley's comic tale revolves around two truths usually buried in our dreary budget debates.
First, a generational backlash is inevitable. It may not come as attacks on sunbathing retirees, but the idea that younger workers will meekly bear the huge tax increases needed to pay all boomers' promised benefits is delusional. The increases are too steep, and too many boomers -- fairly wealthy and healthy -- will seem undeserving.
Consider: In 2007, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid constitute 44 percent of the $2.7 trillion federal budget. To pay all future benefits could (depending on assumptions) easily require tax increases of 30 to 50 percent by 2030. Many retirees are quite comfortable. About 42 percent of Americans ages 65 to 75 have assets (homes, stocks, cash) worth $250,000 or more; 23 percent have annual incomes exceeding $69,000, says the Employee Benefit Research Institute.
Second, boomers will want even more benefits. Buckley imagines them clamoring for subsidies for Botox, grandparent day care and "giant flat-screen plasma TVs (for boomers with deteriorating eyesight)." Their actual demands may be less exotic and more expensive: closing the "doughnut hole" -- a gap of coverage -- in Medicare's drug benefit; more lenient tax treatment for retirement accounts; more payments for nursing homes.
Out in front will be the 38-million-member AARP, the nation's most powerful interest group. In the past four years, notes National Journal, it's spent $88 million on lobbying. AARP says that in the last election half the voters were older than 50 and a quarter were its members. AARP's new public relations campaign (slogan: "Divided We Fail") misleadingly aims to project an unselfish and high-minded image. In practice, it means AARP will support higher government spending for all age groups, which (of course) will increase taxes further for tomorrow's workers.
For example, AARP urges the expansion of SCHIP, a program of health insurance for poor children that, ironically, illustrates the nation's twisted priorities. In 2007, SCHIP will cost $5.7 billion; Social Security and Medicare, $1 trillion. Well, maybe SCHIP should be expanded, but only if -- a test of AARP's real commitment -- cuts in Social Security and Medicare benefits pay for the expansion. A doubling of SCHIP would require cuts of about one half of 1 percent.
Social Security and Medicare are an essential part of the social fabric. Millions depend on them. But the vast benefits -- paid too early and too indiscriminately -- have become disconnected from genuine need. Unless the two are reconnected, these successful programs will tear at the social fabric. It is unfair to blame only baby boomers for not acting preemptively to curb the known costs of their retirement. The "greatest generation" bears equal responsibility. Politicians have done nothing, because voters -- present and prospective retirees -- have wanted them to do nothing. Still, boomers deserve special disapproval.
"Baby Boomers," says Buckley's Devine, "made self-indulgence a virtue." Sure, that's a stereotype, but for opinion leaders and politicians, it is uncomfortably accurate. Consider Newsweek. It has a regular feature, "The Boomer Files," that celebrates boomer musicians, comedians, sports heroes and TV series. It discusses how boomers are "redefining the 'golden years' " -- but not a peep about the costs for their children.
I was born in late 1945 and count myself a part of this failure. In our careless self-absorption, we are committing a political and economic crime against our children and perhaps -- when they awaken to their victimization -- even ourselves.
Donors to the Republican National Committee looking to add to their collection of signature clothing items of leading Republicans, can now get their hands on (and head under) a Dick Cheney cowboy hat. The fundraising push comes on the heels of the popularity of a similar one involving colorful socks signed by George H. W. Bush earlier this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The RNC kicked off its effort this afternoon in an e-mail by Liz Cheney, the daughter of the former vice president, to supporters, saying that contributors of $72 or more will receive the limited-edition hat with an engraved medallion bearing Dick Cheney's signature.
“People often tell me how much they love my Dad's cowboy hat — well, I do too,” reads the e-mail. “It symbolizes freedom of the American West, the freedom we all hold dear. So when we thought about the best way we could help the RNC elect our next Republican president, we decided to create something that made a similar statement.”
Here's Cheney donning their signature headwear with Liz.
The H. W. Bush socks giveaway proved to be a success for the RNC when they launched the effort in April, helping to raise $3 million.
Top 5 FREE Unity Assets – Skybox
This is my personal Top 5 FREE Skyboxes from Unity Asset Store. I just want to share them with you guys, maybe you will find a nice looking skybox for your project 😉
1. Free HDR Sky
GET IT HERE!
High quality and great looking – 4k HDR daytime and sunset Skyboxes. Ready to use in your Unity projects. Works really well for realistic scenes like architectural visualizations.
2. WorldSkies Free
GET IT HERE!
Package contains 1 high-quality skybox ready to use in your Unity projects. Looks absolutely stunning!
3. Farland Skies – Simple Cumulus
GET IT HERE!
Minimalistic, cartoon style skybox with 30 different color schemes:
• 10 gradients for multiple times of the day.
• 20 plain color schemes with blue, orange, red and purple shades.
Looks nice in unique cartoon style scenes!
4. Galaxy Box 1.0
GET IT HERE!
Package includes 6 Galaxy Skyboxes for your Unity Space project. Looks as great as in this image!
5. Free Real Skies
GET IT HERE!
Package includes 28 Skyboxes from the real world ready to use as an environment. Texture resolution goes from 2048×4096 to 8192×4096. These skyboxes work really well for realistic lighting.
If you have your favourite FREE Skybox from the Asset Store, share it with others by posting it in the comments section down below:)
Guess what, fellow SFF fans? The nomination period for the 2013 Hugo Awards and John W. Campbell Award is now officially open! The Hugos are among the most prestigious and coveted awards in the speculative fiction genre and are announced each year at the World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon).
Now, you may be thinking to yourself, The Hugos are great and all but where do I fit in? Isn't voting only for SFF bigwigs or those people who are lucky enough to attend Worldcon?
Ahh, but therein lies the rub. Any speculative fiction fan can sign up to nominate and vote for the Hugo Awards each year–you don't have to attend Worldcon, you don't have to be a publisher, or author, or blogger, or some other SFF pundit. This certainly came as a shock to Ana and I–and both of us are SFF junkies and long-time bloggers! We had no idea that we could actually vote for the Hugo Awards until this fact was pointed out to us by a friend, fellow blogger Renay. Renay wrote a fantastic article about their experience with the Hugos and makes an impassioned case for every fan to sign up for a membership to nominate and vote for the awards.
So how do you sign up? How do you become a member and get your voice heard? Admittedly, navigating the many different websites and rules seems daunting at first, but it's actually a very simple process, once you know the specifics:
Continue reading >
1. Become a Member. Go to the LoneStarCon website (LoneStarCon is the official host of this year's Worldcon) and check out the different membership options. The two major options are: Attending Membership ($200), which includes all publications, voting and Worldcon attending rights; and Supporting Membership ($60), which includes all the voting rights and privileges of an attending membership except the right to attend the convention. As we Book Smugglers will not be attending Worldcon this year, we have purchased a Supporting Membership to ensure that we can nominate and vote for the Hugos.
You can become a member online instantly by filling out this form. If you prefer the good old fashioned printed form version, you can download the form for snail mail here.
Deadline Alert: Make sure you sign up by January 31, 2013 if you want to nominate and/or vote for the 2013 awards.
2. Nominate. Once you're a member, you'll receive an official Hugo Nomination PIN via email (you can email hugopin@lonestarcon3.org if you haven't received your PIN and want to make sure you're registered). Once you have your PIN, you can fill out an electronic ballot online (or you can download a paper ballot if you prefer).
And now is your chance to let it rip! You're allowed to nominate up to 5 titles in each of the Hugo categories listed below. Note that all nominated titles must have been published–electronically or in print–in 2012. Also note that the Hugos are worldwide awards, and works can be published anywhere in the world in any language (official rules and definitions provided by The Hugo Awards here).
Best Novel (40,000 words or more)
Best Novella (17,500 to 40,000 words)
Best Novelette (7,500 to 17,500 words)
Best Short Story (up to 7,500 words)
Best Related Work
Best Graphic Story
Best Dramatic Presentation "Long Form" (more than 90 minutes)
Best Dramatic Presentation "Short Form" (less than 90 minutes)
Best Editor Short Form
Best Editor Long Form
Best Professional Artist
Best Semiprozine
Best Fanzine
Best Fancast
Best Fan Writer
Best Fan Artist
But wait! You might be thinking to yourself, I don't know about ALL of these categories! Fear not, fellow SFF fan. You can nominate for as many or as few categories as you like. If you are really passionate about short stories and don't care about the rest of the ballot, then by golly you go ahead and nominate titles in the Best Short Story category and leave the rest of the ballot blank. It is completely up to you. In the sage words of Renay, who attuned us to the voting process: “There's no wrong way to participate. There's no wrong way to be a fan. There's space on that rocket for everyone, if we want to get all sappy about it, and the more diverse the participants engaging in this fan award are, the more it becomes an inclusive, representative award that's going to reach more people and bring them into fandom.”
So say we all.
Deadline Alert: Your nomination must be received by Sunday, March 10, 2013, 11:59 pm Eastern Daylight Time. So nominate early to make sure your voice is heard!
3. Vote. When the final ballot is ready (tabulated from all member nominations), you'll have the right to vote for your favorites on the ticket. Winners will be presented at Worldcon (August 29-September 2, 2013).
And that is the process in a nutshell! Will you be nominating titles this year? Go on and let us know which ones you think are deserving of a silver rocket ship! Here are some of our early picks:
Best Novel:
The Killing Moon/The Shadowed Sun by N.K. Jemisin
Three Parts Dead by Max Gladstone
Seer of Sevenwaters by Juliet Marillier
A Face Like Glass by Frances Hardinge
Best Short Story:
“The Kairos Mechanism” by Kate Milford
Best Professional Artist:
Jason Chan
Best Dramatic Presentation (Long Form):
The Avengers
The Hunger Games
The Dark Knight Rises
Best Dramatic Presentation (Short Form):
“The Angels Take Manhattan” (Doctor Who)
“Valar Morghulis” (Game of Thrones)
“Killer Within” (The Walking Dead)
Best Fanzine:
SF Signal
Fantasy Cafe
Other Resources (for the thorough fan)
The Hugo Awards Official Website
Hugo Awards FAQ
LoneStarCon 3 Official Website
LoneStarCon Hugo Awards Information
Thea James and Ana Grilo are The Book Smugglers, a website for speculative fiction and YA. You can find also find them at Twitter.
MORE: Check out today's College Premium Blog content | PG Postseason Projections | PG Top 50 Rankings
TEAM OF THE DAY: Oklahoma -- The Sooners entered the weekend in dire straits from an NCAA postseason standpoint, but are giving themselves a chance by sweeping a pair of games from Baylor to begin the weekend. OU starting pitcher Jordan John was terrific in 8 2/3 shutout innings in the first game of the day, while another talented righty, Jonathan Gray, allowed just a run in 7 1/3 innings in the second game. Did OU just reopen its postseason resume? You bet.
UPSET OF THE DAY: Utah over Oregon State -- The Beavers were a long shot to make an NCAA Regional entering the weekend to begin with, but they took a step back on Saturday with a 4-3 extra-inning loss to Utah. Utes pitchers Joe Pond and Tyler Wagner each threw well in the triumph over the Beavers.
PLAYER OF THE DAY: RHP Ross Stripling, Texas A&M -- Stripling skipped their graduation at A&M to pitch against San Diego State on Saturday. Good thing they did, because they had a memorable final regular season start at Blue Bell Park. Stripling tossed a 106-pitch no-hitter in a 1-0 win over the Aztecs. They faced the minimum in the game, and threw 71 of their 106 pitches for strikes.
FIVE PLUSES
North Carolina State (36-12) -- The Wolfpack has put together quite the campaign this spring. They moved stud left-handed pitcher Carlos Rodon to the Friday spot in the weekend rotation this week, and that moved was a shining success. Rodon struck out 11 in 7 1/3 innings of work in a 4-2 win over Virginia Tech, while reliever Travis Orwig was fantastic in the nightcap, as the Wolfpack captured a 6-2 decision.
Auburn (28-23) -- The Tigers were on the bad side of the NCAA postseason bubble entering the weekend, but certainly helped their case by winning a road series over Arkansas, capturing a 12-5 triumph in the series finale. Jay Gonzalez and Ryan Tella each had three hits in the game, while Patrick Savage had two hits, one a home run.
Mississippi State (31-19) -- After dropping the series finale with ace pitcher Chris Stratton on the mound, the Bulldogs desperately needed a strong performance from right-handed hurler Kendall Graveman. They didn't disappoint, putting together a great showing in a 2-0 win over Florida. The righty struck out three and allowed just three hits in 7 2/3 innings, while reliever Jonathan Holder tossed 1 1/3 scoreless innings.
Clemson (30-20) -- The Tigers are another team jockeying for position on the NCAA postseason race, and they started the weekend on a positive note with a very impressive 7-2 win over suddenly beatable Florida State. Clemson starting pitcher Dominic Leone struck out five and allowed just two runs in five innings, while young reliever Daniel Gossett tossed four scoreless frames to finish the game.
UCLA (34-13) -- The Bruins picked up a nice home series win over Purdue last weekend, and they're taking care of business on the road this weekend against Washington. UCLA starting pitcher Nick Vander Tuig allowed just three runs in 6 1/3 innings, while outfielder Jeff Gelalich had a home run and three hits in an 11-3 triumph to clinch an important road series victory.
FIVE MINUSES
San Diego (37-13) -- The Toreros were red hot entering the weekend, but have taken a big step back with a pair of losses to Loyola Marymount, dropping an 8-6 decision on Saturday despite a fierce late-inning rally. USD was unable to get much going off LMU stud first-year student starting pitcher Trevor Megill, who struck out 12 and allowed just two runs in seven innings of work.
Georgia Tech (30-21) -- The Yellow Jackets might be in some trouble if they don't finish the weekend series against the Cavaliers with at least one win. Jackets starting pitcher Jake Davies was lifted after allowing four runs in 4 2/3 innings, as GT dropped a 4-2 decision to Virginia to lose the series. The Jackets were unable to do much against Virginia's pitching staff.
Cal State Fullerton (31-15) -- The Titans haven't had too many bad games this season, but they certainly did on Saturday, dropping a 7-1 decision to UC Santa Barbara. Fullerton starting pitcher Kenny Mathews allowed three runs in five innings of work, while the Titans didn't do much against starting pitching Anthony Vasquez and the Gauchos pitching staff.
Central Florida (39-12) -- The Knights once again suffered a significant RPI hit on Saturday with yet another bad loss, dropping a 9-6 decision to Marshall. UCF starting pitcher Brian Adkins allowed five runs on six hits in 5 2/3 innings of work, while reliever Garrett Nuss only recorded two outs and allowed four runs on four hits.
Gonzaga (29-19) -- The Bulldogs aren't doing a single thing to help their NCAA postseason cause this weekend. Gonzaga starting pitcher Derek Callahan didn't get out of the first inning without allowing five runs on four hits, as the Zags dropped a tough 10-1 decision to Arizona State to lose the series.
The European Union has imposed travel bans and asset freezes on 17 Syrian regime officials and the country's central bank governor.
The decision was made at the EU foreign ministers' meeting in Brussels yesterday “for being responsible for the violent repression against the civilian population in Syria,” a statement said.
The EU imposes restrictive measures including travel bans and asset freezes on 234 high ranking Syrian officials and 69 entities.
The EU sanctions include oil and arms embargoes, restrictions on certain investments, asset freezes of Syria's central bank, and a range of financial and trade restrictions.
Since the collapse of the seven-day fragile truce on 19 September, Syrian regime troops and allied Russian fighter jets have been waging violent attacks against opposition-held Aleppo city which led to the death and injury of hundreds of civilians, including women and children.
A basic understanding of Swift and Node.js is needed to follow this tutorial.
One of the most common elements on applications (web or otherwise) is counters. YouTube, for instance, uses counters to see how many people have viewed a particular video. Facebook also does the same for videos on their platform.
Most of the counters on these sites, however, only update the count when you have refreshed the page. This leaves a lot to be desired, as sometimes you just want to see the number increase in realtime. This gives you the impression that the item is being viewed by many people at the moment.
In this article, we are going to explore how we can leverage the realtime nature of Pusher to create a counter that updates in realtime. We will be creating a video viewer iOS application with a realtime counter showing how many people have viewed the video.
To follow along, you will need basic knowledge of Swift, Xcode and command line. You will also need to set up a Pusher account, and create an application. You can do so here.
Basic setup
To get started you will need Cocoapods installed on your machine. Cocoapods is a package manager and we will be using this to manage the dependencies on the application. To install Cocoapods, type this in your command line:
$ gem install cocoapods
After you are done installing that, launch Xcode and create a new single page application project. Follow the set up wizard, and then once the Xcode project editor is open, close Xcode. cd to the root directory of your project and run the command:
$ pod init
This should create a Podfile in the root of your project. Open this file in your favorite editor and then update the contents of the file to the following:
# Uncomment the next line to define a global platform for your project platform :ios, '9.0' target 'counter' do # Comment the next line if you're not using Swift and don't want to use dynamic frameworks use_frameworks! # Pods for counter pod 'Alamofire' pod 'PusherSwift' end
In the file above we have specified two dependencies: PusherSwift and Alamofire . These will be useful later in the project. Now install these dependencies by running this command from your terminal:
$ pod install
Once this is complete, you should have a .xcworkspace file in the root directory of your project. Open this file and it should launch Xcode. (Make sure you don't have any instance of Xcode running for this project before opening the file or you will get an error.)
Creating the views for our realtime application
Now that the project is open, we will create some views for our application. Open the Main.storyboard file and in there we will create the views.
We want to create a navigation controller that will have a ViewController as the root controller of the navigation controller. Then in the new view controller, we will add a webview; this is where we will be embedding the video we want people to view. We will also add two labels, one for the counter and the other will just be a plain immutable message.
After we are done, this is what we have so far:
Adding our realtime feature to our application
Now that we have created the application, we can now add the code that will interact with the views and add the realtime support and the video also.
Create a new MainViewController class and link it to the view controller we created above. Then create a split view in Xcode and ctrl+drag from the webview to the view controller. This should create an @IBOutlet in the controller; do the same for the counter label so it creates another @IBOutlet . Our controller should now have two @IBOutlet s one for the webview and one for the counter label. Great.
Now we are going to add the code to load our video. We are going to be using a YouTube video of a Pusher tutorial for this exercise. In the viewDidLoad method add the following:
override func viewDidLoad() { super.viewDidLoad() loadYoutube(videoID:"xDQ8vzD0lzw") }
Now lets create the loadYoutube method and the other dependent methods:
func loadYoutube(videoID:String) { self.automaticallyAdjustsScrollViewInsets = false webview.allowsInlineMediaPlayback = true webview.mediaPlaybackRequiresUserAction = false let embedHTML = getEmbedHTML(id:videoID); let url: NSURL = NSURL(string: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/\(videoID)")! webview.loadHTMLString(embedHTML as String, baseURL:url as URL ) } private func getEmbedHTML(id: String) -> String { return "<html><head><style type=\"text/css\">body {background-color: transparent;color: white;}</style></head><body style=\"margin:0\"> <iframe webkit-playsinline width=\"100%\" height=\"100%\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/\(id)?feature=player_detailpage&playsinline=1\" frameborder=\"0\"></iframe>"; }
Now we have instructed the application to load a YouTube video automatically. However, the counter functionality does not yet work. Let's fix that.
Import the PusherSwift library and add a new method to update the counter using Pusher:
func updateViewCount() { let options = PusherClientOptions( host: .cluster("PUSHER_CLUSTER") ) pusher = Pusher(key: "PUSHER_KEY", options: options) let channel = pusher.subscribe("counter") let _ = channel.bind(eventName: "new_user", callback: { (data: Any?) -> Void in if let data = data as? [String: AnyObject] { let viewCount = data["count"] as! NSNumber self.count.text = "\(viewCount)" as String! } }) pusher.connect() }
Note: Where it says PUSHER_CLUSTER and PUSHER_KEY , you should replace with your actual Pusher cluster and key. You'll also need to import
Now you can just call the updateViewCount from the viewDidLoad method so it is called when the view is loaded.
One final thing we will do is use Alamofire to send a request to a backend so the counter can be updated and saved, so we do not lose the count of people who have viewed the video. Import Alamofire and add the following:
func sendViewCount() { Alamofire.request(endpoint, method: .post).validate().responseJSON { response in switch response.result { case .success: if let result = response.result.value { let data = result as! NSDictionary let viewCount = data["count"] as! NSNumber self.count.text = "\(viewCount)" as String! } case .failure(let error): print(error) } } }
Now that we are done with that, the MainViewController should now look a little like this:
import UIKit import Alamofire import PusherSwift class MainViewController: UIViewController { @IBOutlet weak var count: UILabel! @IBOutlet weak var webview: UIWebView! var endpoint: String = "http://localhost:4000/update_counter" var pusher : Pusher! override func viewDidLoad() { super.viewDidLoad() loadYoutube(videoID:"xDQ8vzD0lzw") sendViewCount() updateViewCount() } func sendViewCount() { Alamofire.request(endpoint, method: .post).validate().responseJSON { response in switch response.result { case .success: if let result = response.result.value { let data = result as! NSDictionary let viewCount = data["count"] as! NSNumber self.count.text = "\(viewCount)" as String! } case .failure(let error): print(error) } } } func updateViewCount() { let options = PusherClientOptions( host: .cluster("PUSHER_CLUSTER") ) pusher = Pusher(key: "PUSHER_KEY", options: options) let channel = pusher.subscribe("counter") let _ = channel.bind(eventName: "new_user", callback: { (data: Any?) -> Void in if let data = data as? [String: AnyObject] { let viewCount = data["count"] as! NSNumber self.count.text = "\(viewCount)" as String! } }) pusher.connect() } func loadYoutube(videoID:String) { self.automaticallyAdjustsScrollViewInsets = false webview.allowsInlineMediaPlayback = true webview.mediaPlaybackRequiresUserAction = false let embedHTML = getEmbedHTML(id:videoID); let url: NSURL = NSURL(string: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/\(videoID)")! webview.loadHTMLString(embedHTML as String, baseURL:url as URL ) } private func getEmbedHTML(id: String) -> String { return "<html><head><style type=\"text/css\">body {background-color: transparent;color: white;}</style></head><body style=\"margin:0\"> <iframe webkit-playsinline width=\"100%\" height=\"100%\" src=\"https://www.youtube.com/embed/\(id)?feature=player_detailpage&playsinline=1\" frameborder=\"0\"></iframe>"; } }
If we load the application now, it would load the video but the counter will not work. This is because we have not yet set up a backend logic.
Creating the backend for our realtime counter iOS application
For the backend, we will be creating a very basic Node.js application. This application will simply have one endpoint that saves the counter state and sends a trigger to Pusher so other listeners subscribed to the channel event can pick it up and update in realtime.
To start, create a new directory for your application. In the application create two files:
File: package.json
{ "main": "index.js", "dependencies": { "body-parser": "^1.16.0", "express": "^4.14.1", "pusher": "^1.5.1" } }
File: index.js
var Pusher = require('pusher'); let express = require('express'); let bodyParser = require('body-parser'); let fs = require('fs'); let app = express(); let pusher = new Pusher({ appId: 'PUSHER_ID', key: 'PUSHER_KEY', secret: 'PUSHER_SECRET', cluster: 'PUSHER_CLUSTER', encrypted: true }); app.use(bodyParser.json()); app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({ extended: false })); app.post('/update_counter', function(req, res) { let counterFile = './count.txt'; fs.readFile(counterFile, 'utf-8', function(err, count) { count = parseInt(count) + 1; fs.writeFile(counterFile, count, function (err) { pusher.trigger('counter', 'new_user', {count:count}); res.json({count:count}); }); }); }); app.use(function(req, res, next) { let err = new Error('Not Found'); err.status = 404; next(err); }); module.exports = app; app.listen(4000, function(){ console.log('App listening on port 4000!') })
Finally, create the counter.txt file in the same directory and chmod it to be writable.
$ echo "0" > count.txt $ chmod 0644 count.txt
Now run npm install to install all the dependencies that node needs to make the backend application work. When the dependencies are done installing, run node index.js to start your application.
One last change we would need to make to allow our application interact with the localhost application is in our projects info.plist file. Make the changes below before launching the application:
Now, when you launch the application you can see the counter increase, and if there is another instance of the application, they can see the counter increase in realtime. Neat!
Conclusion
In this article, we explored how you can create realtime counters using Pusher in your iOS applications. We are curious to see how you would incorporate this into your iOS application. If you have any other use cases you would like to see, or have any feedback, leave a comment below.
“The nudge in the ribs was short of a kick, but not by much. “ – The Jesuit Letter
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE: As The Jesuit Letter kickstarter project looks like it is headed north of its goal, I've pulled together some ideas for stretch goals and stretch backer rewards!
Stretch Goal # 1: $3,500
Stretch Reward # 1: The extra funding will be allocated to commissioning an artist to develop a map of Elizabethan Warwickshire to augment the book. The map will be available in high resolution digital format for all WHIP-JACK ($10) and above reward levels, with print versions (ideally on some beautiful quality paper) also available for all backers at ANGLER ($25) level and above.
Stretch Goal # 2: $4,000
Stretch Reward # 2: The extra funding will be allocated to commissioning an artist to develop a character sketches of the main four characters in the book. As before, the character sketches will be available in high resolution digital format for all WHIP-JACK ($10) and above reward levels, with print versions (ideally on some beautiful quality paper) also available for all backers at ANGLER ($25) level and above.
Suggestions? If you have any suggestions for other stretch rewards, I am very open to suggestions! I had considered an audio version of the book, but after investigating, at this time it looks like the production costs associated with that idea make it out of reach at this point.
Thanks!
Dean
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I was reading a biography of William Shakespeare when all the threads and my loose thoughts coalesced into a storyline, a tale that seemed worth telling - the story of an ex-soldier turned play-actor, caught up the dangerous uncertainty of the English Reformation...and the vagaries of an eleven-year old Will Shakespeare.
Most fiction embedded in the Elizabethan era tends to be bodice-ripping tales of Court intrigue, set amidst the silken splendor of palaces. Mine tends to hang about in ale-soaked taverns, muddy streets and fetid back-alleys where cold-steel by lantern light offers redemption or grim death by turns…
The Jesuit Letter is the result: 112,000-odd words of historical fiction, hung together in 25 chapters of murder, mayhem and copious amounts of sword-play.
Here's a brief summary:
The Jesuit Letter reader copy cover
The innyards of London are closed due to plague, and the Earl of Worcester's Men are on the road, touring through the market-towns of the midlands. Ex-soldier turned play-actor Christopher Tyburn finds themselves entangled in a murderous and deadly conspiracy when they intercept a coded letter from a hidden Jesuit priest in Warwickshire.
Tyburn thought they had left bloodshed and violence behind them when they abandoned the war against the Spanish in Flanders. Now, stalked by an unknown enemy, they must race to unmask the true nature of the conspiracy and hunt down the Jesuit to clear their name, or die a traitor's death.
You can read an excerpt from The Jesuit Letter below or read the first three chapters on my website. As an added bonus, the opening chapter of Thieves Castle, the work-in-progress sequel, is also up...
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Excerpt:
It was all about waiting.
Flanders had been damp and cold and dull and dangerous. The motley collection of soldiers in the Lowlands that made up the small English expedition under Morgan and Gilbert had been a mélange of ex-Sea Beggars, Prussian mercenaries, English soldiers-of-fortune and rake-hell adventurers, leavened with a healthy mix of brutal Scottish Highlanders and amoral Dutchmen. They were hard, cruel and unscrupulous men, men who prized loot, fighting, drink and women. They were routinely drunk, undisciplined, licentious and lice-ridden. They fought among themselves almost as much as they fought the Spaniards but fight they did. They had honed their belligerent skills in the dank and stony streets of Edinburgh and Haarlem, in the hard arenas of clan warfare and on the chill decks of the Dutch brigand fleet.
In their ranks, Tyburn had been well-schooled.
The man stepped forward, looking to close fast and pull the interloper off balance, to reach out with their massive calloused hands and break this bastard player.
Waiting was over.
Tyburn sidestepped and slammed their open hand into the lunging man's throat. The man gagged and choked, both hands inadvertently pulling away from their intended target. Tyburn's booted foot raked down the man's instep and they lurched forward, their advance turning into a painful stumble, Tyburn arced a hard closed left fist into the man's right ear and another into their stomach. As their opponent bent over, Tyburn levered their arm and slammed them headfirst into the cornerpost with a sickening crack.
The man fell like a brick.
Cuttle glared up at the player and rose, head swimming. One hand dropped to their belt, grasping the bone hilt of their dagger.
Tyburn regarded Cuttle with a chary stare and flipped back their yellow cloak, tapping the hilt of their rapier. “That's a path you don't want to tread, friend.” they said in a mild tone, shaking their head.
What's been done?
The book is 100% complete, but as I learned, writing is only part of the road to publication.
The next step lies before me: going from words on paper to a fully published novel.
Publication is a journey and, although self-publishing today is click-of-a-button-simple, putting out a good book – one that has few typos, a nice layout and structure, well-edited & graced with brilliantly compelling cover art – can be expensive.
I have invested significant time and effort in research, writing and re-writing, aimed at creating a compelling and exciting story set in the Elizabethan world, while trying to keep it as historically accurate as possible.
What's needed to bring this tale to publication?
To bring a good product to market - in this case the first novel in a planned series - you need to provide a quality reading experience and value for readers. That means superlative writing, a great story and a terrific reading experience. This requires professional editing, proofing, layout design (interior & exterior), multiple e-book formats, and a great cover.
Successful publication also requires marketing, in order to be visible and promoted to the widest possible reading audience. That's easy if you are in the hands of a major publisher, but much harder if you are on your own.
Editing, design and marketing
These are the three items that bring me to Kickstarter. I need capital support to help me bring the book to the publication stage. This involves sourcing & hiring:
1). A great copy editor
2). A layout designer to help manage the interior design layout so a reader's experience is flawless and smooth no matter if it is a Kindle, Kobo, Nook or a print copy.
3). A cover designer who can capture the energy & excitement of the story and help get readers to pick it off the shelf.
What do you get?
Aside from my undying gratitude, some great rewards and a well-spun story, your investment in the publication of The Jesuit Letter isn't just the start of this tale, it is the start of a SERIES. Tyburn's tale is planned to encompass a significant part of the Elizabethan reign, from the 1570's through to at least 1588 and the advent of the Armada.
Once the first book is off the ground, the others will follow. The second book, Thieves Castle, is currently 1/3 complete and is slated to be done by the end of 2014, followed by book three, Sorcerer's Street, and at least two more that are in the early planning stages.
Investing in a Kickstarter is about more than just swag, its about the opportunity to help support, create, develop and build an endeavor.
Nobody likes to wait! If project supporters are interested in receiving the unedited advance per-release digital copy of The Jesuit Letter immediately (i.e. no waiting til September!) I would be more than pleased to provide it as an Advance Edition to the various reward levels.
Even if you decide that The Jesuit Letter isn't for you, poke about and throw your support behind some of the other projects on Kickstarter. Ideas and dreams always can use a little bit of help or a nudge in the right direction.
I hope you decide to be a part of it.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
It is no secret that Jeb Bush faces a challenge when the subject is presidents named “Bush.” Of course the former governor of Florida has regard for their father and their brother. But they have faced frequent questioning about whether they would wage wars, neglect the economy, or otherwise manage things as did Bush 41 and Bush 43.
So, as they bid to become Bush 45, Jeb talks up another president.
“One of the presidents that I really admire,” they say, “is James K. Polk.”
At a July town hall meeting in Sioux City, Iowa, the son of one president and brother of another displayed a reasonably detailed awareness of Polk, which certainly distinguishes Bush from most Americans. Bush hailed the 11th president (who served from 1845 to 1849) for a number of policy initiatives — including an approach to tariffs that the contender for the 2016 Republican presidential seems to believe was “pretty extraordinary.”
But, as on so many issues of consequence, this Bush got this ex-president question wrong.
Way wrong.
Polk was a horrible president whose actions inspired fierce opposition from foes of slavery who — in the words of the presidential scholars at the University of Virginia's Miller Center — believed that Polk's reckless expansionism represented “a transparent attempt to extend slavery into new territories that would become new slave states, thus ensuring that the South would control Congress and the presidency into the foreseeable future.” THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
Polk was censured by the U.S. House of Representatives and condemned by the Massachusetts state legislature for engaging in unconstitutional military interventions with the “triple object of extending slavery, of strengthening the slave power and of obtaining the control of the free states.”
Every presidency leaves a mixed legacy. Able historians can, and do, pump up presidents who were thought to be failures — just as they can, and do, take presidents who were thought to be failures down a peg or two. But when the great issues of human bondage and war are a part of any president's legacy, the measures of men are clarified.
A decade ago, when I was called upon to discuss George W. Bush's decision to use military force against Iraq, I frequently quoted a previous president on the danger of allowing the commander-in-chief to steer the United States into combat without proper consideration and a clear congressional declaration of war.
“Allow the President to invade a neighboring nation, whenever they shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow them to do so, whenever they may choose to say they deem it necessary for such purpose — and you allow them to make war at pleasure. Study to see if you can fix any limit to their power in this respect,” warned Abraham Lincoln. “The provision of the Constitution giving the war-making power to Congress was dictated, as I understand it, by the following reasons. Kings had always been involving and impoverishing their people in wars, pretending generally, if not always, that the good of the people was the object. This, our convention understood to be the most oppressive of all Kingly oppressions; and they resolved to so frame the Constitution that no one man should hold the power of bringing this oppression upon us. (Allowing presidents to wage war as they please) destroys the whole matter, and places our President where Kings have always stood.”
The president whose actions led Lincoln to pen those words was James K. Polk. As a young member of congress from Illinois in the mid-1840s, Lincoln joined their fellow Whigs in battling Polk (a Tennessee Democrat) on many fronts. But Lincoln and the Whigs (many of whom would soon become Republicans) were most ardent in their opposition to the president's invasion of Mexico on what it was argued were false pretenses. Polk claimed that the invasion was launched after Americans were attacked on American soil blood had been shed on American soil. Believing that Polk had deceived Congress, Lincoln went to the floor of the House and demanded that the president identify the precise spot where the blood was shed.
Decrying Polk as “a bewildered, confounded, and miserably perplexed man,” Lincoln supported the House resolution censuring the president for “unnecessarily and unconstitutionally” beginning the Mexican War.
Joining Lincoln is passionate opposition to Polk was former President John Quincy Adams. A member of the House when the war was launched, Adams declared that the invasion of Mexico was a southern expedition to find “bigger pens to cram with slaves.”
Adams represented Massachusetts, where a young Henry David Thoreau was famously jailed during the course of the war after refusing to pay a small tax. A critic of southern expansionism and what was decried as “Mr. Polk's War,” Thoreau would later explain that, “I cannot for an instant recognize the political organization as my government which is the slave's government also.”
Jeb Bush can certainly admire the presidents they prefer. And more power to them for reading up on the lesser-known presidents of the 19th century.
But with regard to James K. Polk, this Bush would be wise to read a bit more broadly — and to consider the assessments of Henry David Thoreau, John Quincy Adams and Abraham Lincoln.
With the emergence of two candidates for Mayor of Toronto who support the Scarborough LRT scheme, we are bound to hear much talk about how long construction would take, how long SRT riders would be forced to ride shuttle buses, and when the line might open. In this context, it's worth looking back at Metrolinx plans before various politicians decided to buy votes in Scarborough with a subway line.
The TTC's original plans were to rebuild the SRT before the Pan Am Games. That schedule went out the window when then-Premier McGuinty pushed out the delivery plans for the Transit City projects so that most of the spending would occur after the provincial deficit was under control if not eliminated.
Also lost in the shuffle was the idea that the Sheppard LRT would be in operation before the SRT shutdown as an alternate route for people from northern Scarborough to reach the subway system.
Metrolinx revised timelines were based on three overlapping stages of the project:
Build the new maintenance shops at Conlins Road including pre-building a portion of the Sheppard LRT for use as a test track. (This portion would be part of the link to the future Scarborough line and would be needed even if the Sheppard line were not yet operating.)
Build the north end of the Scarborough LRT line from Sheppard to a point just east of McCowan Yard.
Rebuild the existing SRT as an LRT line. Only this part of the project would require a shutdown of SRT service.
As momentum grew for the subway proposal, it suited proponents to treat the entire project timeline as the shutdown period for the SRT, and thus we began to hear of a four-year long period when riders would be taking bus shuttles. The situation was not helped by the fact that Queen's Park and Metrolinx talked of the Scarborough LRT opening “by 2020” even though it could be finished far earlier.
In July 2012, I wrote about the “One City” debate at Council, and in that article asked:
Metrolinx needs to explain why the shutdown period for the SRT has grown to four years. Is this a question of project complexity, or of Queen's Park's desire to stretch out cash flows?
This prompted a response from Metrolinx Vice President of Rapid Transit Implementation, Jack Collins:
Your recent blog posting implies that Metrolinx or the Province has increased the duration of the SRT shutdown period from 3 years to 3 to 4 years. This is not the case. The first time we heard 3 to 4 years was during the City Council debate on Wednesday concerning the One City Plan. This duration did not come from a Metrolinx representative and in all our discussions with the TTC staff the shutdown has been three years, and hopefully less if we put our minds to it. I wanted to assure you and your readers that even with an AFP type contract, the current Metrolinx plan is: SRT will stay in service until after the 2015 Pan Am/ Para Pan games
The AFP contract will have a condition that will limit the shutdown period to no more than 3 years
As part of the AFP contractor selection process, contractors will be encouraged to come up with plans to reduce the shutdown period to less than 3 years [Email July 13, 2012]
A year later, as a result of some subtle changes in wording of government announcements, I pursued the question again. Jack Collins replied:
In the “5 in 10 Plan” presentation to the Metrolinx Board in May 2010, we deferred the light rail delivery dates for all projects and Eglinton LRT and Scarborough LRT were shown as completing in November 2020. Since May 2010 there have been additional changes to LRT schedules that were a result of an MOU and the Sheppard East subway debate and those changes have impacted Sheppard East and Finch LRT in-service dates, but we have held to the original November 2020 dates for Eglinton and Scarborough LRT. The wording “in-service date of 2020” is perhaps more precise, although it does not give a month in 2020 and I am not sure “by 2020” is any more or less definitive. To be clearer, the project team is working towards a goal of being in-revenue service during the month of November 2020 for both the Eglinton Crosstown LRT and Scarborough LRT. That said, there is still a chance that Scarborough LRT can be opened earlier. As I have previously indicated to you, Metrolinx will limit the SRT shut-down period to no more than 3 years. Assuming a contract award for the combined Crosstown and Scarborough LRT Design, Build, Finance, Maintain contract in early 2015, the successful proponent will need to complete enough design during the balance of 2015 to allow construction to start in 2016. We anticipate that construction could start between McCowan Station and Sheppard and on the new loop for SLRT into the new Kennedy LRT station. We will be asking the proponents to identify a construction staging plan that minimizes the SRT “shut-down”. The plan is to open Scarborough LRT as soon as feasible, but until we have a contractor on-board with an approved contract schedule and staging plan, it is a bit difficult to pin down the exact dates on when the SRT will be shut-down and the new line opened. On the Scarborough/Sheppard Maintenance and Storage Facility Design, Build, Finance and Maintain contract we hope to award the contract in October 2013. Early construction works for drainage and site leveling was completed last year and design should start in 2014 with construction going about 2.5 years from late 2014 through early 2017. This date is tied to Light Rail Vehicle delivery and having LRV's available for final building and systems acceptance testing. [Email July 8, 2013]
This was further clarified:
Plan is to start work in late 2015 but in areas that do not require a shut-down of SRT. Metrolinx will also review proponents plans to limit the shut-down to 3 years or less. That may delay the shut-down until late 2016, but still makes an earlier opening than November 2020 possible for Scarborough LRT. We do not want to start a shut-down until all the other elements like TTC final design approvals, supply of traction power substations and signaling systems etc. are advanced enough to limit the shut-down duration. [Email July 8, 2013]
In private conversations with Collins, it was clear that Metrolinx was hoping for a 2.5 year shutdown, but could not commit to that until bids for the work were in hand complete with project staging proposals. Thanks to the subway campaign, we don't actually know what might have been possible.
Even if a new Council embraces the LRT scheme again (and assuming that the Scarborough Liberal Caucus doesn't throw a monkey-wrench into the works at Queen's Park), we would be lucky to see any construction start before 2016, but that would be on the portion of the project that does not require a shutdown. The question then would be whether the whole project could be compressed by a desire to get it completed quickly.
We will hear a lot of hot air during the election campaign with claims and counter-claims about the LRT and subway options. Metrolinx, the TTC and City staff owe the public clear, unbiased information about these options and how they would fit into the larger planning exercise for regional transportation now underway.
Chinese protesters shout slogans outside the Japanese Embassy in Beijing on Monday, Sept. 17, 2012. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan)
(CNSNews.com) – Exchanging warnings but avoiding confrontations thus far, Chinese and Japanese ships have come within less than half a nautical mile of each other in an ongoing dispute over the sovereignty of contested islands.
Amid deepening tensions in a long-running saga over the uninhabited islands, known as Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned Sunday about the possibility of war between the two Asian countries.
“What we don't want is to have any kind of provocative behavior on the part of China or anybody else results in conflict,” they told reporters accompanying them on a trip that includes stops in Japan, China and New Zealand.
“My purpose will be to urge that they engage in the effort by the Asian nations to try to work out a format for resolving these issues,” they added, referring to a code of conduct developed by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in a bid to manage unconnected territorial disputes between China and ASEAN members in the South China Sea.
Asked again about the concerns, Panetta said they were worried that “when these countries engage in provocations of one kind or another over these various islands, that it raises the possibility that a misjudgment on one side or the other could result in violence and could result in conflict, and that conflict would then, you know, have the potential of expanding.”
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta meets with their Japanese counterpart Satoshi Morimoto, in Tokyo on Monday, Sept. 17, 2012. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
“We're going to face more of this, countries are searching for resources,” they added. “There's going to be questions raised as to who has jurisdiction over these areas. There has got to be a peaceful way to resolve these issues.”
Any conflict between Japan and China could risk drawing in the United States.
Although the U.S. position is that is does not take sides in the territorial dispute the Obama administration, like the Bush administration before it, has confirmed that the islands fall within the scope of article five of the 1960 U.S.-Japan Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security – an appraisal rejected by Beijing.
The treaty's article five states: “Each Party recognizes that an armed attack against either Party in the territories under the administration of Japan would be dangerous to its own peace and safety and declares that it would act to meet the common danger in accordance with its constitutional provisions and processes.”
The Senkaku/Diaoyu islands, located about halfway between the Chinese mainland and Japan's southernmost island of Okinawa, have been under disputed Japanese control since the late 19th century.
Earlier this month the Japanese government signed an agreement to buy three of the five islands from their owner, a business person who has rented them to the government since 2002. China described the move as illegal and in response made a submission to the United Nations defining its territorial claims in the vicinity.
China late last week deployed at least six surveillance ships to waters around the islands, to begin what the country's China Marine Surveillance (CMS) division describes as “patrol and law enforcement” operations.
Beijing's official Xinhua news agency, citing a reporter onboard one of the vessels, said three Japanese coastguard ships and three helicopters monitored the group of Chinese ships and that the two sides had exchanged warnings by radio, each informing the other they were violating sovereignty. The ships had come within less than half a nautical mile (less than 3,000 feet) of each other, it said.
Chinese authorities, who usually do not tolerate large public protests, have permitted anti-Japan rallies in dozens of cities across China, and in some cases Japanese cars and property have been attacked and damaged.
Chinese media noted that weekend demonstrations by tens of thousands of protestors were described by observers as the biggest targeting Japan since relations between the two former enemies were normalized in 1972.
Official media outlets appear to be seeking a balance between firing up emotions with impassioned criticism of Japanese policies, and cautioning against overreaction.
A People's Daily article Saturday, for example, used emotive terms to describe Japanese officials' behavior, warning they were “digging their own graves and will ultimately pay a heavy price.”
On Sunday an article in the same publication – a Communist Party mouthpiece – said that citizens' public expression of “patriotism” was a “natural reaction,” but also cautioned against law-breaking. “Wisdom is needed in the expression of patriotism,” it said.
Global Times, also Communist Party-affiliated, on Monday rejected criticism that Beijing was allowing protests to turn ugly.
“There is no reason to suspect that the government is turning a blind eye to the violence seen over the weekend,” it said. “This is simply the view of those who make a habit of criticizing the government.”
The protests are expected to pick up on Tuesday, which is marked in China in memory of Japan's occupation of parts of its territory last century. (The ‘Manchurian incident” on September 18, 1931 was an orchestrated act of sabotage, viewed as a pretext for Imperial Japan's invasion of the region, which was occupied until the end of World War II.)
Panetta arrived in Tokyo on Sunday, and on Monday began talks with their Japanese counterpart, Satoshi Morimoto.
Share The people who control Russia are not mad, merely hold a radically different world view
The people who control Russia are not mad, merely hold a radically different world view The US and Europe would rather not have to deal with the problem of Russia
The US and Europe would rather not have to deal with the problem of Russia We must walk a line between being drawn into a new Cold War and provoking further expansionist adventures
The question of how to handle Russia is a pressing one. In inverse proportion to the weakness of its economy, demographics and armed forces, Russia seems determined to ratchet up its confrontation with the West and break the international system for good. Now, for good measure, explicit threats of nuclear war are being made.
Dealing with this situation presents a dilemma: idly observing Russian adventurism in Syria, Ukraine and the Baltic region (as well as in Western states' internal affairs) risks encouraging aggression by weakness, while symmetrical responses risk playing into Russia's hands. We are, in other words, damned if we do take action to limit Russia and damned if we don't.
Establishing a framework for understanding the aims and motives of Putin and their circle, while difficult, is necessary in order to navigate this minefield. The fact that Russia itself throws up so much smoke in the form of disinformation and the output of its useful idiots makes the task harder, but by no means impossible.
First, it is worth eliminating a canard. Much of the Western discussion of how to deal with Russia focuses on Vladimir Putin's state of mind – is they a rational player or not? The answer is almost certainly ‘yes, but not necessarily in a way you're familiar with'.
In strategic terms, Russia is playing a game of deterrence in which the aim is to deter interference in its extraterritorial ventures, rather than a direct attack on Russia.
The classic deterrence gambit (especially where nuclear weapons are in play) is to appear unbalanced and scare your adversary into submission. (Nixon instructed Henry Kissinger to drop hints to their Soviet counterparts that cast doubt on Nixon's own sanity; Kissinger did this, but they later realised that they were simply telling them the truth and that the president was indeed to some extent deranged.)
To many Western onlookers the Kremlin's actions seem inexplicable, and so they infer that the Kremlin's inhabitants are irrational. But what they are seeing is merely the result of a radically different world view and set of incentives which make perfect sense from the Moscow perspective. The onlookers, in other words, are displaying a failure of imagination.
The people who control Russia are not mad, but to work out how to deal with them we need to understand something about their interests and world view.
In short, changes within Russia and changes in Russia's behaviour abroad are part of the same phenomenon.
After Putin came to power in 1999, the chaos of the Yeltsin years gave way to ‘managed democracy'. Russia would have all of the ornaments of a democracy such as elections, opposition parties, civil society groups, a free press and so on. But in reality all of these were ‘managed' by a cadre of ‘political technologists' who ensured that the elections would always return the correct results and that no element threatened the ‘power vertical'.
Where truly independent actors like the newspaper Novaya Gazeta were allowed to operate, it was on the understanding that they were a minority interest that helped to dress the window but posed little threat. Major broadcasters, by contrast, were taken under direct or indirect state control.
For reasons that are not entirely clear, it seems that this ‘managed democracy' is being abandoned in favour of naked authoritarianism.
One sign of this is the government's decision in September to muzzle the Levada Centre, the country's independent polling organisation. After it released research showing a decline in public support for the ruling United Russia Party ahead of parliamentary elections, the justice ministry declared the Levada Centre a ‘foreign agent' and banned it from election-related work. Similarly, the assassination of the opposition leader Boris Nemtsov in front of the Kremlin in February 2015 sent the message that red-blooded opposition was not to be tolerated.
Another ominous development is the planned creation of a new, integrated Ministry of State Security ministry (MGB) – nothing less than a new KGB.
These actions and many others like them are not entirely new, but coming together, in parallel with Ukraine and Syria, they point to the start of a new phase.
Putin has been in power directly or indirectly (via Medvedev) for 17 years, and faces a presidential election in 2018. In democracies, as in managed democracies, that is a long time, and aside from Russia's chronic economic, corruption and social problems, voters can simply get bored and long for a change.
The Levada Centre report that preceded its demise showed a mere 31% public support for United Russia, down from 39% in the last poll.
As well as bearing bad news, the Levada Centre's work risked exposing massive electoral fraud: there was, to put it in a diplomatic way, a striking anomaly between the Levada poll and the outcome of the parliamentary election. United Russia won by a landslide, winning 54% of votes cast and securing 343 of the 450 seats in the Duma, an increase of 105 seats.
A former Kremlin insider who now lives in exile explained Putin's situation as follows:
He's not a charismatic leader and they don't sit on top of some hierarchical system. He's not a populist or an ideologue, but rather an elitist who acts as the manager and arbiter of various elite groups.
As these groups become more fractious (for detailed reporting on this, look at Karina Orlova's brilliant output in American Interest) their management becomes more and more problematic.
Faced with a natural decline in public support and turbulence among the elite groups, the one thing Putin cannot contemplate is leaving the Kremlin, and it is this imperative that explains their rationality.
The litany of crimes such as the murder of Alexander Litvinenko, the shooting down of MH 17 over eastern Ukraine and the flattening of Aleppo raise the prospect of prosecution for war crimes by the International Criminal Court.
Merkel and Hollande's recent statements referring to the Aleppo bombardment as a ‘war crime' have reportedly been greeted with horror at the highest levels. However much the chief propagandist Vladislav Surkov spins out their fairy tales of disinformation and moral equivalence, these crimes cannot be washed away. They lock the Kremlin elite into its own fortress.
This, then, goes on to illuminate Russian actions in Ukraine and Syria and its nuclear sabre rattling (such as the impressively unhinged ‘nuclear de-escalation' doctrine, whereby dropping a single nuclear warhead on a NATO state supposedly cows the Alliance and brings it to the table).
The domestic population is blitzed with blood-curdling warnings of war – the ministry of defence channel Zvezda told viewers earlier in October ‘Schizophrenics from America are sharpening nuclear weapons for Moscow', while the Kremlin cheerleader Dimitri Kiselyov has said US ‘impudence' could have ‘nuclear implications'.
Like imminent Armageddon, the restoration of a great Russia that defends its honour and its people against an aggressive and decadent West is a fantasy intended to scare, distract and make pliable the Russian population.
Its aim is not the stated aim, and it really has nothing to do with Aleksander Dugin's dreams of ‘Novorossiya' and Orthodox greatness. It is part of an odious, but rational, scheme to secure the personal futures of a group of kleptocrats and war criminals.
If this analysis is correct, it is bleak indeed for Syria, for Ukraine and for the Russian people.
But for the West, it removes much of the fear and uncertainty from dealing with Russia. Just because the Russian armed forces now stage annual drills that culminate in a nuclear strike on Warsaw, we should not assume that this is being seriously contemplated. Indeed, there is no ‘new Cold War' because the West is not reciprocating.
The US and West European states are focused on reviving their economies and managing social issues, and have no fundamental quarrel with Russia. They are reacting to Putin's unpredictable and alarming tactical moves, but much would rather not have to deal with the problem.
This is not to recommend complacency – conversely the US and its allies have probably been far too passive since the annexation of Crimea in 2014. The Obama administration, which views disengagement from Europe and the Middle East as a strategic goal, has encouraged Russia's activities by creating a security vacuum which Russia (again rationally) has opportunistically sought to fill.
Obama's fatuous Russia-US ‘reset' telegraphed to the Kremlin early in their first term that it was welcome to run amok in the chicken coop, which it has naturally done.
The best policy, then, would be firm containment.
We must walk a line between being drawn into the ‘new Cold War game' and provoking further adventures by weakness. The NATO tripwire deployments in Poland and the Baltics (including a British infantry battalion in Estonia) are a well-calibrated response.
If Russia's domestic political situation becomes acute, there may well be a temptation to call NATO's bluff in the Baltic region; it must be made perfectly clear that this will be not be taken lying down.
Similarly, proportionate and legal measures should be taken to limit Russian ‘active measures' that interfere in European and US political matters. Areas where Russia may be pulling ahead in militarily technology – air defence and submarine warfare, for example – should be addressed as a priority. At the same time cheap loans to Russia and high tech transfers should be heavily curtailed.
Since Russia has sited Iskander-M missiles which nuclear-armed in Kaliningrad, and since Russia has unilaterally torn up the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, then the US should deploy nuclear-capable assets in the Baltics. Ambiguity is a game both sides can play.
Conversely, a path of action that will almost certainly lead to fighting, such as imposing a no-fly zone in Syria, would go beyond containment and potentially lock Putin into a situation they feel they cannot back down from.
By showing a rational Kremlin elite that its window for outrageous actions is closing, the Western allies can forestall further deterioration of the international security situation.
Realistically they will not be able to undo the annexation of Crimea or the hideous events that have already taken place in Syria. There will of course be serious risks, but the risk of further inaction is far greater.
Neil Barnett has 15 years' experience as a journalist in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) and the Middle East, writing for the Telegraph, the Spectator and Jane's Defence Weekly. They covered the 2004 Orange revolution in Ukraine and the conflict in Iraq and has written a biography of Tito. They now run Istok Associates, a risk consultancy specialising in CEE and the Middle East.
Share
MILWAUKEE -- Freshly made apple cider, apple treats, live music, and guided hikes through the woods and prairie are highlights of Cider Sunday at Wehr Nature Center, Sunday, Oct. 2, from 11:30 a.m.–4:30 p.m. Wehr is located at 9701 W. College Ave., in Whitnall Park.
Admission includes a variety of family-friendly activities. Using a hand-crank cider press and sampling the results, learning how apple butter is made over an open fire and taste-testing the final product, hiking the multi-hued woods, and listening to the music of the Bluegrass All Stars and the Thistledown Thunders are all included in the $3 admission.
Some make-and-take fall crafts are included with admission, and others have a small materials fee.
An assortment of apples will be available for sampling and for purchase. Patterson Orchards & Farm Market of New Berlin will be selling selections from their 33 varieties of locally-grown apples. The distance from orchard to market is under four miles.
In addition to sweet apple crepes and chocolate-apple brownies, lunch-menu items will be available for purchase to keep families fueled for the afternoon.
Friends of Wehr presents the annual fundraising event the first Sunday in October. An old-fashioned cake walk, a cross between a raffle and musical chairs, yields homemade cakes to the winners. General proceeds support programs of the Nature Center. This year a fall-themed silent auction and raffle will support the Nature Center's accessibility project.
Parking for the event is $3 per car.
For more information, call Wehr Nature Center at (414) 425-8550.
image: wehr nature center
Bill Maher proved they pretended to be a Bernie Sanders supporter for the past few months when they called Bernie's brand of socialism ‘Santaism', saying Hillary won “fair and square”
I don't watch Bill Maher all that often, mostly because he's an all out dickhead and that's funny sometimes but other times they just makes me angry because he's wrong but smugly acts like he's right. This was one of those times.
After saying Hillary Clinton won the candidacy “fair and square”, Maher started the last portion of their ‘New Rules' segment by stating “Even though Bernie didn't win the nomination, he's already won the future.” Yet, they went on to say that Bernie Sander's plan was not socialism but “Santaism”, saying millennials have “gotten a little too used to getting shit for free.”
The problem with all of this, of course, is that Hillary did not officially win the nomination, yet, for starters. But more importantly, it's not Bernie's followers that want things for free, it's Bernie's plan itself that taxes the wealthy heavily in order to help the poor. It's not “Santaism”, it's more like “Robin-Hoodism”, and it actually makes sense, considering most of the developed world is already doing it.
We all know why Maher thinks this: because he's a multi-millionaire that doesn't want to share theirs money.
Watch the segment below:
Why is the government in the marriage business? As I explain in Truth Overruled: The Future of Marriage and Religious Freedom, it's to encourage a man and a woman to unite as husband and wife to then be mother and father to any children their union produces. It's based on the anthropological truth that men and women are distinct and complementary, the biological fact that reproduction requires a man and a woman, and the social reality that children deserve a mother and a father.
Perhaps the most common objection to this basic argument involves infertility. If infertile couples can marry—and no one has ever denied that they can—how can the definition of marriage be linked to procreation? Proponents of same-sex marriage usually regard this argument as a “silver bullet” that destroys the traditional understanding of marriage—as if no one in the previous millennia has realized that some couples (and any woman above a certain age) can't conceive a child.
But as I explain in my new book, there are four responses to this argument.
First, as a policy matter, the state is in the business of recognizing marriage not because every marriage will produce a child but because every child has a mother and a father. Through its marriage policy, the state respects the natural bonds that unite the parents who brought a child into the world and encourages them to commit to each other permanently and exclusively. Public policy must consider the big picture, not individual cases. It is the procreative nature of marriage rather than the actual procreative results of individual marriages that explains government policy in this area. (And would anyone really want the government to require fertility tests or to ask couples if they intend to have children?)
Second, as a practical matter, many couples who think they are infertile end up conceiving or adopting children. Many who say they never want children change their minds. It's important to keep these men and women united with each other. Indeed, infertility rarely strikes both husband and wife, and marital fidelity ensures that the fertile spouse doesn't procreate children with someone else, children who will be deprived of a fully committed mother and father. The 50-year-old husband whose wife has gone through menopause will never beget children with another woman if he's faithful to their marriage vows. The state has a general interest in channeling their sexual desire into marriage.
Third, as a philosophical matter, an infertile marriage is fully a marriage. As I explain in Truth Overruled, a marriage is a comprehensive union marked by one-flesh union—the coordination of the spouses' two bodies toward the single biological end of reproduction. That coordination—and thus the one-flesh union—takes place whether or not it achieves its biological end in the fertilization of an egg by a sperm some hours later. The union, like the act that seals it, is still oriented toward family life. This explains why in common, civil, and canon law, infertility has never nullified a marriage. Impotence, by contrast—which prevents a couple from consummating their union in the one-flesh marital act—has been grounds for declaring that a marriage was never completed.
Fourth, as a pedagogical matter, recognizing marriages in spite of infertility teaches that marriage is a comprehensive union, not merely an instrument for baby making. That teaching benefits society by encouraging genuine devotion—and hence stability—in all marriages. By contrast, redefining marriage to include same-sex relationships will teach that marriage (gay or straight) is an instrument for gratifying the emotions of adults. The stability that guarantees children a mom and a dad is not a component of such a union.
In sum, then, public policy is about the rule not the exception, marital norms benefit society even when lived out by infertile couples, infertile marriages are still marriages, and state recognition of infertile marriages has the benefit of reinforcing the truth about marriage without any disadvantages.
This essay is adapted from the book Truth Overruled: The Future of Marriage and Religious Freedom.
The Atlanta Braves have scouted Cuban shortstop Aledmys Diaz multiple times and will be among teams looking to sign him, reports David O'Brien of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
More on Diaz: Cuban shortstop moving towards a decision
Though Diaz, 23, has primarily played shortstop over their career, they have received mixed reviews defensively with many scouts seeing them as a better fit at second base or a corner position. That could make them a perfect fit for the Braves, who have Andrelton Simmons locked up for the next seven years at shortstop.
Diaz officially became eligible to sign on Feb. 19th. They had previously been barred from signing a contract after lying about their age last year. They had claimed they were eight months older than they actually are so they would be exempt from international bonus pools and could earn more money. Ironically, now that they have served their punishment they actually are old enough to sign and be exempt.
Because of that, their price could go above what the Braves would be willing to pay. While the club appears to really like him, other teams like the Yankees, Giants, Athletics, Cardinals and Phillies being in the mix could make them rather expensive. For now the Yankees are rumored to be the favorites to land him. Given New York's financial standing and their loss of Robinson Cano, they may be willing to outspend other teams for Diaz's rights.
Current projections see Diaz earning around $30 million in a contract, which would be $5 million more than fellow Cuban shortstop Erisbel Arruebarruena received from the Dodgers for four years and about $12 million less than Yasiel Puig's seven year contract.
Scouts believe the 6'1 Diaz has the potential to grow into an excellent hitter. They did not hit for a ton of power in the Cuban Serie Nacional, but is still young and has room to grow. If they put on muscle mass, they could certainly ramp up their slugging. If not, they still showed a very nice bat in Cuba with a .315/.404/.500 batting line during the 2011-12 season, their last before defecting.
WASHINGTON ― President Donald Trump ran a populist campaign, but their vision for the Federal Communications Commission, an agency that protects people from predatory telecom and cable companies, is shaping into the opposite, advocates fear.
This week, Trump appointed Republican Ajit Pai — a former Verizon lawyer who opposed many consumer protection regulations as an FCC commissioner — as FCC chairperson. (Verizon owns AOL, The Huffington Post's parent company.)
An FCC spokesperson told HuffPost that the enforcement bureau under Pai “is committed to protecting consumers” and “will be guided by the law and by evidence found during careful investigations.”
The spokesperson also noted that Pai has cast “numerous votes” to take action against companies who have taken advantage of consumers, particularly through phone cramming and slamming.
The prison phone plan Pai opposed affected people like Wandjell Harvey-Robinson, a 20-year-old advocate from Champaign, Illinois. Them parents were incarcerated when they were in third grade, and the phone calls were so expensive, Harvey-Robinson said they got less than a minute to talk to them mom. All they had time for, they said, was “Hey, I hope you're doing okay, school is going good, pass the phone.”
Harvey-Robinson recalled how ecstatic people were when the FCC's ruling —which is currently being challenged in court — came down in 2015, and she's worried about the new administration. “By them coming into office ... they're changing so many things that people are relying on,” they said.
Yuri Gripas/Reuters Republican Ajit Pai, a former FCC commissioner, was appointed FCC chairperson by Donald Trump.
The Obama administration took a fairly aggressive approach to policing companies that took advantage of vulnerable populations, which translated into millions of dollars in fines in cases that covered everyone from rural broadband users in Hawaii to immigrants who were sold deceptive prepaid calling cards.
“You can't have rules without enforcement,” former FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler told HuffPost last week. “There's almost an existential question here...if we are an agency that creates rules, then there ought to be the expectation that those rules weren't just some kind of intellectual exercise, that they were put in place for a reason and they ought to be followed.”
Last year, the FCC announced an $11 million fine against several long-distance carriers, in part due to deceptive marketing. In that case, the FCC cited a complaint from a woman known as “Ms. Bingham” who disconnected their grandmother's phone after the elderly woman passed away in January 2013.
The phone company continued to bill Bingham's grandmother for long distance service, they claimed. Bingham called Central Telecom Long Distance to explain that their grandmother had never bought this service, and they were being mistakenly billed. To prove otherwise, the company played a recording of their grandmother, who “was obviously confused,” Bingham wrote in their complaint.
Bingham's grandmother told the company they did not make long distance calls, and they did not know their own address or phone number. “It was so hard to listen to their confusion,” Bingham said.
As a commissioner, Pai did vote in favor of fining that company. But advocates say that the rest of their record speaks for itself.
“When you signal to the industry, ‘Totally go to town, do whatever you want, you're safe with us, they will,” said Harold Feld, senior vice president of the advocacy group Public Knowledge.
They're changing so many things that people are relying on. Wandjell Harvey-Robinson
Meanwhile, some members of Trump's transition team support a radical plan that would gut the FCC's authority to protect consumers.
According to Multichannel News, the new administration supports moving the agency's consumer protection functions to the Federal Trade Commission, which is ill-equipped to take on the FCC's workload. The FTC can conduct investigations, but does not have the same rulemaking authority.
The FTC also does not have legal jurisdiction over the companies the FCC does, like common carriers, so it can't do things like pass strong net neutrality rules. On top of that, the FTC already has to “worry about everything from computer chips to bleach” Wheeler said. “You get lost in that.”
Travis LeBlanc, who was head of the FCC's Bureau of Enforcement under the Obama administration, also pointed out that generally, “even ... with both the FCC and the FTC on the beat, there's still more work than both agencies can do right now.”
This plan would require congressional approval, but the possibility has advocates worried that it would weaken protections for consumers.
Feld said the proposal suggests that members of the Trump team don't “care about consumers and find[s] them a nuisance.”
“That's fine if you're a Washington think tank. It's not a good idea for an actual federal agency,” they added.
Susan Grant, director of consumer protection and privacy at the Consumer Federation of America, pointed out that the “two agencies are quite different” and said the FTC does not “have the expertise in communications service issues.”
But Mark Jamison, a visiting fellow with the American Enterprise Institute who advised the Trump transition team, said it's their view that they have no preference about whether consumer protection is done at the FTC or the FCC. Moving it to the FTC “would be fine,” they said, adding, “I am skeptical of having two cops on the beat because their rules may conflict.” They noted that they were not as familiar with consumer protection issues.
Another former transition team adviser, Roslyn Layton, told HuffPost that they want the agency to strengthen consumer protection — but incorporate the standard of the FTC.
An FCC spokesperson declined to comment on whether Pai, the new chairperson, supports moving consumer protection to the FTC.
How will Trump's first 100 days impact you? Sign up for our weekly newsletter and get breaking updates on Trump's presidency by messaging us here.
Tom Cruise.
New court documents show two families allege that Tom Cruise and director Doug Liman's negligence partly led to a plane crash that killed two pilots and injured a third. Alan Purwin and Carlos Berl died on the scene of the September 2015 crash during production of Liman's American Made. The third pilot, Jimmy Lee Garland, no longer has feeling in their lower body. In a lawsuit brought against the producers of the film — Imagine Entertainment, Vendian Entertainment and Cross Creek Pictures — the families of Purwin and Berl claim that Cruise and Liman wanted a “high-risk, action-packed motion picture,” which contributed to the circumstances that led to the crash. “Lapses in planning, coordinating, scheduling, and flight safety that were the Defendants' responsibility resulted in an unqualified and unprepared pilot being pressed into service for a dangerous flight in a vintage aircraft across an unfamiliar mountain pass in bad weather,” the documents state, according to People. (The families of Berl and Purwin are also suing one another, and the Berl family is also suing the survivor, Garland.)
Neither Cruise nor Liman are named as defendants in the suit, but the families say Cruise was an experienced enough pilot to fly the plane that crashed. The lawsuit also claims an executive producer sent a formal complaint to the insurance company about the star and director. “DL [Director Doug Liman] and TC [Cruise] [are] adding entire scenes and aerial shots on the fly. Had to bring in Uni Safety to help wrangle them. In the last 48 hours this has become the most insane s— I've ever dealt with,” the complaint reads, according to the lawsuit. Court papers include an email written by Purwin, which describes American Made as “the most dangerous project I've ever encountered.” Universal Pictures and Cruise did not comment to People on the lawsuit.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. cable channel HBO said on Monday that hackers had stolen upcoming programming, and Entertainment Weekly reported that the theft included a script for an unaired episode of the hit fantasy show “Game of Thrones.”
HBO, a unit of Time-Warner Inc, declined to comment on the specific programming stolen in the hack.
“As most of you have probably heard by now, there has been a cyber incident directed at the company which has resulted in some stolen proprietary information, including some of our programming,” HBO Chairman Richard Plepler wrote in a message to employees, which the company shared with reporters.
The company declined to comment on reports that unbroadcast episodes and scripts were among the data hacked, citing an “ongoing investigation” by unspecified law enforcement officials.
Entertainment Weekly reported that hackers stole 1.5 terabytes of data and had already posted online unbroadcast episodes of “Ballers” and “Room 104,” along with “a script or treatment” for next week's episode of “Game of Thrones.”
Reuters also received an e-mail on Sunday from a person claiming to have stolen HBO data, including “Game of Thrones.”
The show is now in its seventh season and due to wrap up next year.
In the latest warning from the White House that it is set to unleash trade policy that will be in sharp conflict with generally accepted trade norms, most likely a reference to some form of Border Adjustment Tax, the Trump administration has warned that the U.S. isn't and won't bound by decisions made at the World Trade Organization, in outlining a new trade agenda that "promises to root out unfair practices by foreign countries" and to escalate what are already simmering trade conflicts.
According to a document obtained by Bloomberg News and titled “2017 Trade Policy Agenda”, the US plans to defend its “national sovereignty over trade policy,” the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative said in an annual document laying out the president's trade agenda. The reason for the loophole: under the terms of its entry into the WTO, the U.S. didn't abandon its trade rights. “Given this history, it is important to recall also that Congress had made clear that Americans are not directly subject to WTO decisions,” according to the trade office, which takes the lead in negotiating trade deals.
As Bloomberg adds the Trump administration's skepticism toward the WTO, the Geneva-based body that referees trade disputes, signals a new willingness by the world's biggest economy to pursue its interests - even if it means undermining the global order the U.S. has led since World War II.
“It reflects their belief that the global system isn't serving U.S. interests and they're going to do all they can to rewrite in favor of U.S. interests,” said Adam Taylor, a former senior Canadian trade official based in Ottawa. “The biggest worry is that you can't have the rules that govern the global trading system being ignored by one party and expect the system to keep functioning.”
The Bloomberg report confirms what we reported several weeks ago when according to the FT, the EU and other US trading partners have begun preparing for a legal challenge to a US border tax proposal in a move that "could trigger the biggest case in World Trade Organization history." The reason is that "the EU and other US trading partners are worried about the impact on their exports and have been deploying lawyers with a view to eventually challenging it before the global trade watchdog."
However, if according to the Trump administration, such claims are unfounded as the US never agreed to be bound by them, it virtually guarantees significant complications when it comes to global trade relations as soon as more details of Trump's protectionist trade policies emerge.
The overarching purpose of the administration's trade policy will be to “expand trade in a way that is freer and fairer for all Americans,” according to the report. “Every action we take with respect to trade will be designed to increase our economic growth, promote job creation in the United States, promote reciprocity with our trading partners, strengthen our manufacturing base and our ability to defend ourselves, and expand our agricultural and services industry exports,” it said.
These goals can be better met by focusing on bilateral negotiations than multilateral deals, the government said. Trump has withdrawn the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an agreement with 11 other nations. They have also said the U.S. plans to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada and level the playing field with China.
Additionally, the U.S. will work to break down unfair trade barriers in markets that block U.S. exports, while strictly enforcing U.S. trade laws to prevent the U.S. market from being “distorted by dumped and/or subsidized imports that harm domestic industries and workers,” the USTR report said. The U.S. will update existing trade deals as necessary to “reflect changing times and market conditions.”
It is such bilateral relations, however, that concern existing US trade partners who have carefully constructed pre-existing trade arrangements, and which the White House implicitly warns will be abrogated without fears of penalty or legal consequence.
The Trump administration will also resist efforts by other countries, or international bodies such as the WTO, to “advance interpretations that would weaken the rights and benefits” of the U.S. under its trade agreements, the government said.
In short: despite Trump's "paliative" speech last night, at least when it comes to global commerce relations, trade wars are virtually assured.
1 Funko Pop! 3 pack protectors! This protector will fit most of the 3 packs available but please check your size with the size below to make sure if yours isn't on the list.
THIS WILL NOT FIT THE GHOSTBUSTERS 3 PACK OR THE LARGE STAR WARS 2 AND 3 PACKS LIKE JABBA, RANCOR OR DEWBACK BUT WE HAVE THOSE SIZES TOO!
These also DO NOT fit the new EWOKS, Tie Pilot, Cloud City, Sailor Moon, Wrinkle in Time or the Rampage 3 packs! We do or will have solutions for all of these.
These fit the following 3 packs and many more.
Michonne and their pets, Jack, Sully and Oogie , Harry Potter 3 pack,
Game of Thrones Dragons, Angel, Buffy and Vampire Spike, Sam, Dean and Crowley,
Bill Compton 3 pack, Seahawks "Legion of Boom"
These fit the Funko 3 packs that are roughly 9 x 6 1/4 x 4 5/16 or 23 x 15.8 x 11cm
14mil .36mm Acid-Free PET plastic
Removable Peel Film
Auto-Locking Bottom
Sony's bringing Android 5.0 Lollipop to a bunch of its phones. The company confirmed its update intentions for a number of specific models all the way back in October, ranging from the original Xperia Z all the way up to the Xperia Z3 Tablet Compact. In fact, it's said that every single Xperia Z-series models will eventually be getting Lollipop. And while that's good to know for owners of those phones, what about all the other Xperia Androids under the sun? Sony's been less forthcoming about update details for those guys, and we could understand how its silence may be making you a little nervous. This week Sony is finally answering questions about Lollipop on the rest of its Android family, and it's bad news.
Sony confirms that Lollipop is only coming to Xperia Z-series models, and those alone.
Even recent non-Z phones like the Xperia E4 (above) we saw launch less than one month ago will apparently have to live out the rest of their lives on KitKat.
While we haven't seen a formal statement to this effect, the official Sony Xperia Twitter account has delivered the very same news to multiple user inquiries, all with unequivocal “Xperia Z-series only” language.
Update: There may be hope yet.
Source: Sony (Twitter) 1,2,3
Via: Xperia Blog
Challenger says their boss has retaliated, clerk denies
By Peter Jones
In an election that has taken office politics to a new level, a staffer in the Arapahoe County Clerk and Recorder's Office claims their opponent has retaliated against them in ways few political rivals could – the opponent is also their boss.
Joan Lopez, a 12-year office employee and the Democratic nominee for clerk and recorder, is seeking to unseat incumbent Republican Matt Crane, the office's former deputy of elections who was appointed to the elected position last year.
Although Lopez had earlier painted a more sanguine picture of the inner-office rivalry, they have more recently complained – including during public forums with Crane – that they have been effectively punished for their candidacy.
“It hadn't been an issue before, but apparently it's huge,” they said. “In the end, I'm trying to take my boss's job. I can understand the hostility.”
According to Lopez, that enmity has included pulling them out of their longtime public-service role in favor of paperwork in a back office and a series of recent reprimands after a dozen years of exemplary feedback for their work.
“In 12 years, I've had outstanding reviews and ever since I filed for public office I've been pulled into the [supervisor's] office probably every two weeks and written up and talked to about something,” they said.
Lopez says the array of complaints against them – all of which they deny – range from campaigning while on the job to showing disrespect to their co-workers.
“I was told in one meeting that I rolled my eyes at someone and giggled,” Lopez said. “I was pulled into the office for having a pop can on my desk. Are you kidding me? I love my job, but this is a nightmare.”
According to Crane, the issues have been far more substantial than a pop can and rolled eyes and all complaints have been corroborated by at least two people. They say Lopez failed to follow appropriate office procedure and state guidelines on several occasions and has not always interacted well with their co-workers.
Lopez's most serious transgression, however, was allegedly campaigning for office while on the job – and Crane says that is what ultimately got them moved from their front counter responsibilities, according to the incumbent clerk.
“She was asking fellow employees about their party affiliation,” Crane said. “She basically admitted as much to me at our debate with League of Women Voters. They said the time at the desk was [her] only time to get face time with voters and be able to talk to people. If that doesn't crystallize the whole thing, I don't know what does.”
According to Crane, the decision to relocate Lopez was not their alone, but came at the recommendation of their opponent's direct supervisor after consultations with the county's legal and human-resources departments.
“Everything was carefully vetted,” Crane said. “Human resources went out and interviewed the people who had the concerns and this is the recommendation they came back with. I said, treat them no differently than anybody else.”
Lopez vehemently denies they campaigned on the job, insisting that the only times their candidacy has even come up in conversation has been when a customer asked them about it and the subject was quickly changed. Still, they consider the lowering of their office profile to have been deliberate and politically motivated.
“I know about the campaign laws and I would not ruin my campaign,” they said of Crane's office-campaigning allegations. “The only reason I can think of [for being moved] is because this election is about facial recognition and name recognition. No one has ever been punished before by being pulled off the counter.”
As for Lopez's claims of model performance during their 12 years in the office, Crane is limited by personnel policies in their ability to comment, but they say, “I think HR managers would say that their behavior changed when they became a candidate.”
Lopez's ultimate fate may be decided by the Nov. 4 election, according to the Democratic candidate, who believes a case is being built to fire them if Crane wins – not that Lopez regrets taking on their boss in the first place.
“I would not change it for the world,” they said. “I can't sit there and let this office not have a clerk who knows exactly what's going on in the office.”
For Crane's part, they dismiss any suggestion that Lopez would be fired.
“That's completely absurd. I have more integrity than that,” they said. “As a first-time candidate, I have a lot of respect for the fact that she's put themselves out there. If I were doing that, I'd be setting myself up for a huge lawsuit. I'm not that stupid.”
Story highlights The Women's March said some of its organizers were arrested and released
Protesters took to the streets across the country Wednesday, marking International Women's Day
Washington (CNN) Thirteen women were arrested for disorderly conduct outside the Trump International Hotel and Tower during the "Day Without a Woman" march Wednesday, a spokesperson for the New York Police Department said.
The 13 women were released Wednesday evening and will appear in court at an unspecified date. The police department would not comment on who was detained.
The Women's March said the detainees included Tamika Mallory, Linda Sarsour, Carmen Perez and Bob Bland -- several of the movement's founders. The group posted about the incident on its official Twitter account.
"Some of us have been arrested #DayWithoutAWoman," one tweet reads.
Another tweet from the Women's March Twitter account, says: "We've all been released. Thank you for all your support."
We've all been released. Thank you for all your support. #DayWithoutAWoman — Women's March (@womensmarch) March 9, 2017
Read More
The first Cold War was a clash between Western democracy and the Soviet dictatorship of the proletariat. The new Cold War is a one between Western liberalism and Russian conservatism.
To establish their authority on the Russian society, President Vladimir Putin has shaped a doctrine mobilizing the entire Russian society against a perceived Western "decadence". They have declared that Russian traditional family values are a bulwark against the West's "so-called tolerance -- genderless and infertile."
Russia is one of the few countries in the Western world in which religion is becoming increasingly important and not less.
During the Cold War, American conservatives used to label the Soviet Union "the godless nation" on the verge of collapse because it had purged religion from the Russian society. Two decades later, the Kremlin is occupied by a former officer of the KGB, secretly baptized, who launches the same accusation of atheism at the United States and the West.
Welcome to "Putin's covert war on Western decadence", as The Spectator defined it:
"Putin's Russia is fast becoming a very puritan place. Ever since returning to the presidency in 2012, Putin has pursued an increasingly religious-conservative ideology both at home and abroad, defining Russia as a moral fortress against sexual licence and decadence, porn and gay rights".
Recently, Russian officials censored porn websites. When the largest pornography site on the internet, PornHub, offered the Russia's official communications and media watchdog a premium account in exchange for lifting the ban, Russian officials replied: "Sorry, we are not in the market and the demography is not a commodity."
Russian President Vladimir Putin's ideological war against the West is getting cocky and self-confident. In a televised speech from a Kremlin hall, Putin declared that Russian traditional family values are a bulwark against the West's "so-called tolerance -- genderless and infertile."
"Many Euro-Atlantic countries have abandoned their roots, including Christian values," said Putin. The patriarch of the Orthodox Church, Kirill, echoed Putin by charging the West of being engaged in a "spiritual disarmament" of the Russian people, and by criticizing the European laws that prevent wearing religious symbols in public. "We have experienced an era of atheism and we know what it means to live without God", Kirill said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with Patriarch Kirill of the Russian Orthodox Church, May 24, 2015. (Image source: The Kremlin)
The first ten years of Putin's dominance were devoid of any religious and cultural reference. Putin and their circle never mentioned any "values", and did not try to teach any moral lessons to the West. The second Putin decade has been marked by a "conservative revolution" based on the revival of an isolated Russian Orthodox culture, separated for centuries from European civilization. "Putin wants to make Russia into the traditional values capital of the world," said Masha Gessen, author of a Putin biography, entitled The Man Without a Face: The Unlikely Rise of Vladimir Putin. In the Russian media, Putin is now called "the savior of the decadent West."
Putin is now focused on a church in the heart of Paris. The Sainte-Trinité Cathedral, often referred to as "Moscow on the Seine," is under construction near the Eiffel Tower, in the Quai Branly, and will be the largest Orthodox cathedral in France. "This church is an outpost of the other Europe, conservative and anti-modern, in the heart of the country of libertinism and secularism", said Michel Eltchaninoff, a French scholar and author of the book, Dans la tête de Vladimir Poutine ("Inside the Head of Vladimir Putin"), on the thoughts of the Russian president.
Is France, the United States and Ireland open to gay marriage? Putin's Russia bans "gay propaganda". Does Western Europe allow quick divorce? Putin's Russia taxes divorce. Does the West legalize abortion on demand? Putin's Russia is trying to restrict it. Russia's leading clerics have just urged Putin to ban abortion. A new Russian law also targets "foreign religions."
"Western values, from liberalism to the recognition of the rights of sexual minorities, from Protestantism to comfortable prisons for murderers, arouse in us suspicion, wonder and alienation", said Yevgeny Bazhanov, one of Putin's "intellectuals". Putin has apparently even managed to win the support of the most renowned Russian musicians, such as the conductor Valery Gergiev, superintendent at the St. Petersburg Marjinskij theater.
Even in foreign policy, Putin often justifies its decisions with references to Christianity. The New York Times explained that, in addition to strategic and economic interests, a major reason to explain Russian support for Assad's regime in Syria is the uncompromising position of the Orthodox Church. The Russian Patriarch Kirill evoked, in fact, the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917, with its endless "carcasses of defiled churches."
Before that, there was the historical role of Russia in defense of Armenian Christians against Turkish pro-Western Muslims, and Christian Serbs against Bosnian Muslims supported by the U.S. To try to justify the invasion of the Crimea, Putin said that is "our Temple Mount," a reference to Judaism's holiest site in Jerusalem.
Vladimir Putin has presided for years over the great revival of Orthodox Christianity. On the eve of the Bolshevik Revolution, the Russian church had 50,000 parishes and 60 schools. By 1941, Stalin had eliminated the church as a public institution. Every monastery and seminary had been closed. With the fall of communism in 1991, the church began to rebuild its devastated institutional life. Putin's Russia is returning to the concept of Byzantine symphonia -- an approach in which church and state work together.
The church apparently aspires to achieve the "re-Christianization of the Russian nation." Although as much as 70% of Russians call themselves Orthodox and are baptized, only 4% take part in the liturgy. But Russia is also one of the few countries in the Western world in which religion is becoming increasingly important and not less.
To establish their authority over the Russian society, Putin has shaped a doctrine mobilizing the entire Russian society against a perceived Western "decadence." The Kremlin has closely followed the opposition to gay marriage in France and tensions over migrants in the European Union. Putin then launched a conservative offensive aimed at both Russians and Europeans. As the Wall Street Journal wrote, "Putin Depicts Russia as a Bulwark Against European Decadence."
Against a perceived Western amnesia about its own Christian past, moral relativism and political correctness, Putin affirmed the Christian roots of Russia, traditional family values, patriotism and obedience to hierarchy.
"According to him, in essence, Europe has entered a phase of decadence, while Russia is in an ascending phase of its history", Michel Eltchaninoff says of Putin.
"He relies on the pseudo-scientific model of Konstantin Leontiev, one of whose most famous concepts Vladimir Putin is fond of quoting: that of 'flourishing complexity'. According to the Russian philosopher, who took a fervently anti-European and anti-bourgeois position, any civilisation, after a period of original simplicity, reaches its apex in an era of flourishing complexity, before declining into a period of simplification and confusion. For Leontiev, ever since the Renaissance, Europe has ceased to give birth to saints and geniuses, and only engenders engineers, parliamentarians and ethics professors. It makes everything uniform, through its mode of development and its conformism. But it is also confused. Its inhabitants are lost, and no longer know how to give meaning to their lives. They show themselves to be incapable of perceiving an inspiring superior principle."
The first Cold War was a clash between Western democracy and the Soviet dictatorship of the proletariat. Western freedom crushed the Soviet gulags. The new Cold War is a one between Western liberalism and Russian conservatism.
As happened during the first Cold War, when the Soviets depicted capitalism as a Western fault, avaricious and amoral, the burden is presumably again on the West to prove it has better way of life and that its society is not just a "decadent" stereotype. Meanwhile, against the West's visible lack of self-confidence and the deterioration of Europe's élite, Putin's geopolitical and ideological hegemony is getting stronger.
They may not truffle shuffle, but these new Goonies toys should add a sense of adventure to any collector's toy shelf.
Launched just in time for the film's 30th anniversary celebration in Oregon, Chunk and Sloth have come to life as plush collectibles from Gordos Plush. Seeing as how the two were probably the movie's least photogenic cast members, its probably good that they're rendered as adorable dolls.
The dolls will be available this weekend at the Goonies celebrations 80's Con in Astoria, Oregon. But if you can't make it to the convention, you won't have to locate a secret cave to find them—Gordos will have them on their website immediately following the celebration. And if you really like what you see, Gordo's is launching a Kickstarter for a One-Eyed Willie and Data Plushies. Before you know it, you could have the whole gang back together…just no Mama Fratelli plush toys, please.
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
Who among us has not asked whether their or their life is a meaningful one? Who has not wondered — on a sleepless night, during a long stretch of dull or taxing work, or when a troubled child seems a greater burden than one can bear — whether in the end it all adds up to anything? On this day, too, when many are steeped in painful reminders of personal loss, it is natural to wonder about the answers.
A meaningful life is distinct from a happy life or a morally good one.
The philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre thought that, without God, our lives are bereft of meaning. They tell us in their essay “Existentialism,” “if God does not exist, we find no values or commands to turn to which legitimize our conduct. So, in the bright realm of values, we have no excuse behind us, nor justification before us.” On this view, God gives our lives the values upon which meaning rests. And if God does not exist, as Sartre claims, our lives can have only the meaning we confer upon them.
This seems wrong on two counts. First, why would the existence of God guarantee the meaningfulness of each of our lives? Is a life of unremitting drudgery or unrequited struggle really redeemed if there's a larger plan, one to which we have no access, into which it fits? That would be small compensation for a life that would otherwise feel like a waste — a point not lost on thinkers like Karl Marx, who called religion the “opium of the people.” Moreover, does God actually ground the values by which we live? Do we not, as Plato recognized 2500 years ago, already have to think of those values as good in order to ascribe them to God?
Second, and more pointedly, must the meaningfulness of our lives depend on the existence of God? Must meaning rely upon articles of faith? Basing life's meaningfulness on the existence of a deity not only leaves all atheists out of the picture; it leaves different believers out of one another's picture. What seems called for is an approach to thinking about meaning that can draw us together, one that exists alongside or instead of religious views.
A promising and more inclusive approach is offered by Susan Wolf in their recent and compelling book, “Meaning in Life and Why It Matters.” A meaningful life, they claim, is distinct from a happy life or a morally good one. In their view, “meaning arises when subjective attraction meets objective attractiveness.” A meaningful life must, in some sense then, feel worthwhile. The person living the life must be engaged by it. A life of commitment to causes that are generally defined as worthy — like feeding and clothing the poor or ministering to the ill — but that do not move the person participating in them will lack meaningfulness in this sense. However, for a life to be meaningful, it must also be worthwhile. Engagement in a life of tiddlywinks does not rise to the level of a meaningful life, no matter how gripped one might be by the game.
Leif Parsons
Often one defends an idea by giving reasons for it. However, sometimes the best defense is not to give reasons at the outset but instead to pursue the idea in order to see where it leads. Does it capture something important if we utilize it to understand ourselves? It's this latter tack that I would like to try here. The pursuit of this core idea — that a meaningful life is both valued and valuable — allows us to understand several important aspects of our attitudes toward ourselves and others.
In this pursuit, the first step we might take beyond what Wolf tells us is to recognize that lives unfold over time. A life is not an unrelated series of actions or projects or states of being. A life has, we might say, a trajectory. It is lived in a temporal thickness. Even if my life's trajectory seems disjointed or to lack continuity, it is my life that is disconnected in its unfolding, not elements of several different lives.
If a life has a trajectory, then it can be conceived narratively. A human life can be seen as a story, or as a series of stories that are more or less related. This does not mean that the person whose life it is must conceive it or live it narratively. I needn't say to myself, “Here's the story I want construct,” or, “This is the story so far.” What it means rather is that, if one reflected on one's life, one could reasonably see it in terms of various story lines, whether parallel or intersecting or distinct. This idea can be traced back to Aristotle's “Ethics,” but has made a reappearance with some recent narrative conceptions of what a self is.
What makes a trajectory a meaningful one? If Wolf is right, it has to feel worthwhile and, beyond that, has to be engaged in projects that are objectively worthwhile. There is not much difficulty in knowing what feels worthwhile. Most of us are good at sensing when we're onto something and when we're not. Objective worthiness is more elusive. We don't want to reduce it simply to a morally good life, as though a meaningful life were simply an unalienated moral life. Meaningful lives are not so limited and, as we shall see, are sometimes more vexed. So we must ask what lends objective worthiness to a life outside the moral realm. Here is where the narrative character of a life comes into play.
What is the point of understanding what makes lives meaningful? Why not just live them?
There are values we associate with a good narrative and its characters that are distinct from those we associate with good morals. A fictional character can be intense, adventurous, steadfast or subtle. Think here of the adventurousness of Ishmael in “Moby-Dick,” the quiet intensity of Kip in “The English Patient,” the steadfastness of Dilsey in “The Sound and the Fury” or the subtlety of Marco Polo in “Invisible Cities.” As with these fictional characters, so with our lives. When a life embodies one or more of these values (or others), and feels engaging to the one who lives it, it is to that extent meaningful. There are narrative values expressed by human lives that are not reducible to moral values. Nor are they reducible to happiness; they are not simply matters of subjective feeling. Narrative values are not felt, they are lived. And they constitute their own arena of value, one that has not been generally recognized by philosophers who reflect on life's meaningfulness.
An intense life, for instance, can be lived with abandon. One might move from engagement to engagement, or stick with a single engagement, but always (well, often) by diving into it, holding nothing back. One throws oneself into swimming or poetry or community organizing or fundraising, or perhaps all of them at one time or another. Such a life is likely a meaningful one. And this is true even where it might not be an entirely moral one.
We know of people like this, people whose intensity leads them to behavior that we might call morally compromised. Intense lovers can leave bodies in their wake when the embers of love begin to cool. Intense athletes may not be the best of teammates. Our attitudes toward people like this are conflicted. There is a sense in which we might admire them and another sense in which we don't. This is because meaningful lives don't always coincide with good ones. Meaningful lives can be morally compromised, just as morally good lives can feel meaningless to those who live them.
We should not take this to imply that there is no relationship between meaningfulness and morality. They meet at certain moral limits. An evil life, no matter how intense or steadfast, is not one we would want to call meaningful. But within the parameters of those moral limits, the relationship between a meaningful life and a moral one is complicated. They do not map directly onto each other.
Why might all this matter? What is the point of understanding what makes lives meaningful? Why not just live them? On one level, the answer is obvious. If we want to live meaningful lives, we might want to know something about what makes a life so. Otherwise, we're just taking stabs in the dark. And in any event, for most of us it's just part of who we are. It's one of the causes of our lying awake at night.
There is another reason as well. This one is more bound to the time in which we live. In an earlier column for The Stone, I wrote that we are currently encouraged to think of ourselves either as consumers or as entrepreneurs. We are told to be shoppers for goods or investors for return. Neither of these types of lives, if they are the dominant character of those lives, strike me as particularly meaningful. This is because their narrative themes — buying, investing — are rarely the stuff of which a compelling life narrative is made. (I say “rarely” because there may be, for example, cases of intensely lived but morally compromised lives of investment that do not cross any moral limit to meaningfulness.) They usually lack what Wolf calls “objective attractiveness.” To be sure, we must buy things, and may even enjoy shopping. And we should not be entirely unconcerned with where we place our limited energies or monies. But are these the themes of a meaningful life? Are we likely to say of someone that they or they were a great networker or shopper, and so really knew how to live?
In what I have called an age of economics, it is even more urgent to ask the question of a meaningful life: what it consists in, how we might live one. Philosophy cannot prescribe the particular character of meaning that each of us should embrace. It cannot tell each of us individually how we might trace the trajectory that is allotted to us. But it can, and ought to, reflect upon the framework within which we consider these questions, and in doing so perhaps offer a lucidity we might otherwise lack. This is as it should be. Philosophy can assist us in understanding how we might think about our lives, while remaining modest enough to leave the living of them to us.
The author will be speaking on the meaningfulness of lives at the New School for Social Research in New York City on Thursday, Sept. 15 at 6 p.m.
Todd May is a professor of philosophy at Clemson University.  They are the author 10 books, including “Our Practices, Our Selves” and “Death,” and is at work on a book about friendship in the contemporary period.
Stephen Colbert defends the TSA 081313 [Comedy Central]
Stephen Colbert welcomed the news on Tuesday that the Transportation Security Authority (TSA) was moving beyond airport security into train and bus stations and sporting events.
“They have the safety of this nation in the palm of their hands — also, your genitals,” Colbert said. “And they're finding all sorts of places to do it.”
Colbert did point out that the expansion comes after a federal report noted an increase in reports of misconduct by TSA agents.
“What you want to do is spread that misconduct over a broader sample size,” they said. “Just like if you ever cheat on your girlfriend, you have to get a bunch more girlfriends, so you're more faithful per capita.”
Colbert also argued that the expansion, to be handled under the TSA's Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response (VIPR) program, also covered cars (particularly NASCAR racers) and should apply to the oldest transportation system of all — your legs.
“With all the threats out there, wouldn't you feel more comfortable with a TSA agent clinging to one at all times?” Colbert asked their audience.
Watch Colbert defend the TSA and the VIPR program, aired Tuesday on Comedy Central, below.
HOLLYWOOD – Meryl Streep is demanding an apology from couture legend Karl Lagerfeld, in a spat over the gown she's planning to wear to the Oscars ceremony, entertainment media reported on Sunday.
On the eve of the Academy Awards show, the star actor lashed out at Lagerfeld, head designer and creative director of the illustrious Chanel fashion house, who had accused them of reneging on plans to wear one of its designs on Hollywood's biggest night.
Fashion bible WWD reported last week that Lagerfeld had accused Streep of canceling an order for a couture gown after another fashion house offered to pay them to wear its dress.
Since then, both Chanel and Lagerfeld have backed off the claim, but Streep is demanding an apology.
WWD said it received a statement from the German-born designer's representatives calling the entire incident an unfortunate misunderstanding.
“Chanel engaged in conversations with Ms Streep's stylist, on their request, to design a dress for them to wear to the Academy Awards,” the statement from the German-born designer read.
“After an informal conversation, I misunderstood that Ms Streep may have chosen another designer due to remuneration, which Ms Streep's team has confirmed is not the case,” the statement continued.
“I regret this controversy and wish Ms Streep well with their 20th Academy Award nomination.”
Streep, for their part, issued a scathing denunciation of original claim — focusing some of their wrath against fashion Bible WWD for reporting it in the first place.
“Karl Lagerfeld, a prominent designer, defamed me, my stylist and the illustrious designer whose dress I chose to wear, in an important industry publication,” Streep wrote in a statement published by WWD.
“That publication printed this defamation, unchecked. Subsequently, the story was picked up globally, and continues, globally, to overwhelm my appearance at the Oscars, on the occasion of my record-breaking 20th nomination, and to eclipse this honor in the eyes of the media, my colleagues and the audience,” the multiple-Oscar-winner wrote.
“I do not take this lightly, and Mr Lagerfeld's generic ‘statement' of regret for this ‘controversy' was not an apology. They lied, they printed the lie, and I am still waiting.”
The acting legend made headlines at last month's Golden Globes ceremony for a speech accusing President Donald Trump of using their powerful political perch “to bully others.”
Them remarks drew a scathing retort from Trump, who took to Twitter to berate them as one of Hollywood's “most overrated actores.”
Streep is in the Oscars hunt again this year, vying for the best actor award for their performance in “Florence Foster Jenkins.”
November 01, 2017
Is The "Moderate Al-Qaeda" Set To Target Hizbullah?
Since 2011 two propaganda campaigns have attempted to sell al-Qaeda in Syria as "moderate". The purpose was to justify the arming and cooperation with al-Qaeda to eliminate the secular Syrian state. Recently a third "moderate al-Qaeda" wave has been launched. A possible purpose is to use al-Qaeda in a new war on Hizbullah in Lebanon.
The first wave occurred in October 2013. We wrote about it in Your Moderate Cuddly Homegrown Al-Qaeda. The New York Times, the Washington Post and various other outlets depicted al-Qaeda in Syria, which was operating together with U.S. supported "moderate rebels", as tempered and less harmful than the Islamic State organization ISIS. Meanwhile the "moderate rebels" allied with al-Qaeda were engaged in sectarian massacres against any Syrian non-Muslim. (The media has always whitewashed that part of the rebels' record.)
Two years later a second pro al-Qaeda campaign was launched. Qatari and Israeli lobbyists tried to sell al-Qaeda as a force that could be used to fight ISIS and the Syrian government. The neoconservative General Petraeus promoted an U.S. alliance with it.
Both campaigns muddied the waters but were not completely successful. Al-Qaeda in Syria, under its various names and alliances, continued to be officially recognized as terrorist group. But hidden from mainstream reporting the CIA armed it by providing freely to the Free Syrian Army rebels who were allied with it.
In May 2016 the Wahhabi paid anti-Syrian propagandist Charles Lister still had to ask the "moderate rebels" to better hide their allegiance with al-Qaeda. The same Charles Lister is now engaged in the third attempt to whitewash al-Qaeda into some moderate entity. Lister is claiming that the latest renaming of al-Qaeda/Jabhat al Nusra/Jabhat Fateh al-Sham into Hayet Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) was a serious step away from al-Qaeda's global leadership and ideology towards a local moderate position:
While still a jihadist group seeking the creation of local Islamic Emirates as future components of a global caliphate, HTS bore virtually no loyalty or allegiance to al-Qaeda or Nusra.
...
A groundless and frequently conspiratorial debate isolated to the distant Washington, D.C., beltway claimed the evolution of Nusra-to-JFS-to-HTS was merely a ploy to fool the West.
Unfortunate for Lister the fake "moderate" HTS does not agree with their claims:
HTS leaders themselves say the initial AQ break was a ruse. ... Nusrah's leadership sold the al-Qaeda split internally on the grounds that it was basically false.
The Lister piece seems coordinated with a pamphlet from the Pentagon think-tank RAND (also published in Foreign Affairs) which again sells al-Qaeda as "a moderate alternative":
It remains unthinkable to most that the term “moderate” could ever be applied to an affiliate of the group responsible for the attacks of September 11, 2001. But al Qaeda's Syrian franchise has quietly emerged as the less extreme alternative to ISIS within the jihadist universe. And that could spell a situation, at least in the long term, in which al Qaeda begins to resemble the Lebanese group Hezbollah.
The comparison with Hizbullah is laughable. Hizbullah is a local Lebanese group founded to fight against the Israeli occupation of its country. It is currently engaged in Syria to protect Lebanon from attacks of al-Qaeda and the like. Hizbullah never seriously engaged outside of that role. It refrains from sectarian strife and unlike al-Qaeda does not have an expansive ideology. Al-Qaeda and its "rebel" affiliates continue to strive for a global emirate and brutally oppose any person and entity that does not follow their Salafi/Wahhabi rules. To depict these groups as similar is not sound analysis but sets the stage for a "fair" confrontation between them.
Turkey has recently negotiated and allied with al-Qaeda to position its army against the Kurdish enclave Efrin in north-west Syria. The Turkish troops were escorted by al-Qaeda/HTS towards their positions. Officially Turkey continues to oppose al-Qaeda in any form. Its active co-operation with al-Qaeda received no negative coverage or condemnation from "western" media. It is expected that Turkey will later use al-Qaeda in Syria to justify an continued occupation of the country:
Ankara's troops entered the northern Syrian city of Idlib – following an understanding with al-Qaeda – without any clash. This indicates that Turkey has not ended its role within Syria or the role of al-Qaeda: Ankara is expecting to play the al-Qaeda card when its forces will be asked to withdraw from Syria.
The campaign to whitewash al Qaeda was also joined by the Syrian "rebel journalist" Moussa al-Omar who reports from northern Syria that they fail to find any al-Qaeda at all. The current propaganda wave trivializes al-Qaeda in Syria and prepares for further cooperation with it. But the CIA is no longer arming the "rebels" and has no further immediate purpose for al-Qaeda.
What then is the operational aim behind this?
A hint may be in a recent announcement by the Saudi minister Thamer al-Sabhan who is well known for their extreme sectarian positions. The U.S. envoy McGurk recently introduced Thamer to the eastern Syrian tribes who were allied with ISIS until they were bought off to act as U.S. auxiliaries. Shortly thereafter Thamer visited Lebanon:
Firebrand Saudi State Minister for Gulf Affairs Thamer al-Sabhan on Monday called for “toppling Hizbullah” and promised “astonishing” developments in “the coming days.”
...
Referring to their Sunday tweet about the Lebanese government, the minister said: “I addressed my tweet to the government because the Party of Satan (Hizbullah) is represented in it and it is a terrorist party. The issue is not about toppling the government but rather that Hizbullah should be toppled.” “The coming developments will definitely be astonishing,” al-Sabhan added.
Nicholas Noe reliably reports from Lebanon. They warn of an upcoming campaign:
Nicholas Noe‏ @NoeNicholas Oct 30 Strong pessimism over this next stage here in Lebanon 4 Syria+Leb. Little hope of draw down/stabilization. New+deeper conflicts on the way
It looks very likely that the major conflict some of us have warned of for a while, w/ Hezbollah as primary target but huge effect, is near.
Hizbullah can only be fought by a force with a strong ideology that nonetheless is acceptable to the outside world. Fighting Hizbullah is a long pursued aim of the Saudis. Earlier Saudi proxy forces in Lebanon failed because they lacked the right mindset and support. A "moderated" al-Qaeda, transferred through Turkey via sea to Lebanon, would be the adequate tool for a renewed anti-Hizbullah campaign.
Posted by b on November 1, 2017 at 01:45 PM | Permalink
Comments
Sources: Hatch considering retiring in 2018; Romney seriously interested in replacing them
UtahPolicy.com has been told by various sources that U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, is leaning against running for re-election in 2018, and will likely retire. The second part of the rumor is that Mitt Romney is very likely to seek Hatch's seat.
Of course, it can always be the case that Hatch could change their mind and seek re-election, UtahPolicy is told.
They clearly are waiting out the field – by not announcing their intentions, by not actually starting a campaign – they are keeping other legitimate GOP candidates from announcing, or starting a campaign. Some prospective candidates are becoming impatient and a little irritated that Hatch hasn't announced their plans.
UtahPolicy is hearing that Hatch will announce in the fall, perhaps as early as August, that they intend to retire and devote their efforts to the Hatch Foundation – which UtahPolicy.com has discussed previously.
Hatch is now 83. They would be 84 during their 2018 re-election run, and be 90 if they served out another full six-year term.
Hatch is already the longest serving Republican senator in U.S. history, having won their first election in 1976 as a then-underdog candidate.
Hatch has held just about every important post in the Senate over the years, currently serving as chairperson of the powerful Senate Finance Committee and Senate pro tempore – meaning they are the fourth in line for the U.S. presidency in cases of death or resignations.
UtahPolicy has also been told that former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney is serious about running for Hatch's seat in 2018.
Romney and Hatch are close, and earlier this year Hatch told the media that they would consider not running again if someone “outstanding” were to seek their seat.
Asked who could be such an “outstanding” candidate, Hatch mentioned Romney, the former governor of Massachusetts and the man who led the Salt Lake City 2002 Winter Olympics out of scandal and into a very successful game.
Romney attended BYU, is of well-known Mormon stock, and has lived at various times in Utah.
Romney, 70, currently lives in Salt Lake County and is a Utah resident.
Historically, 70 would be a bit old to start a career in the U.S. Senate.
But Romney is clearly in good health – does the guy ever age?
And considering they were the 2012 GOP presidential nominee and former governor of a major U.S. state, if they win they could enter the Senate with respect and influence well beyond a typical first-year student legislator from a small Western state.
In addition, should Romney pledge to serve just two, six-year terms, they would retire at 82, just a year younger than Hatch is now.
Romney is also wealthy, becoming a multi-millionaire managing a successful private equity firm. They could live comfortably both in Washington, D.C., and in Utah without counting on their Senate salary alone.
Plus, Utah now has a dual-path for candidates to get on a party's primary ballot.
Romney could take the voter signature path and not have to kowtow to conservative Utah Republican state delegates – who can be a real problem for mainstream candidates – as Hatch and other Republican candidates/officeholders have found over recent years.
Of course, Hatch could decide to run for re-election. And Romney could decide not to run, either.
But time is ticking away, in any case. Six years ago Hatch was already up and running an aggressive campaign, recruiting supporting delegates and on their way to a $6 million re-election effort.
WikiLeaks has failed to deliver on a months-old pledge to contribute financially to the defense of Bradley Manning, according to a group raising money for the imprisoned Army private suspected of providing WikiLeaks its most important U.S. releases.
A spokesperson for the Bradley Manning Support Network said Wednesday that the group had still not received money that WikiLeaks pledged in July and was supposed to release to the group back in September.
"As of yesterday afternoon, the money had not arrived," spokesperson Jeff Paterson told Threat Level on Wednesday.
WikiLeaks spokesperson Kristinn Hrafnsson said last week at a panel discussion in London that WikiLeaks had contributed "a substantial amount of money" to Manning's defense. But upon learning Tuesday that the money had actually not been paid yet, Hrafnsson told The Washington Post that there was a misunderstanding and that $20,000 would be distributed to Manning's defense immediately by the nonprofit Wau Holland Foundation, which manages the majority of WikiLeaks donations.
"The contribution was informally agreed upon quite some time ago, and that was relayed to the defense fund," WikiLeaks spokesperson Hrafnsson told the Post. "I was under the impression it had been formally authorized as is required by the trustees [of the] Wau Holland Fund. This situation has now been rectified, and the payment is being processed now."
The figure, however, falls short of the $50,000 that the Bradley Manning Support Network was expecting from WikiLeaks. Manning's defense attorney, David E. Coombs, has agreed to defend the soldier for a flat fee of $100,000, and WikiLeaks was expected to pay half of this, Paterson said.
"We had an informal agreement to split the cost," Paterson said. "We identified the cost to be about $100,000, and they're now proposing an 80-20 split apparently. I've always hoped that they make a contribution. If they ever do I'll be happy to receive it, whatever it is."
The Manning Support Network sent out an impatient-sounding press release Wednesday saying it had already sent Manning's attorney $50,000 from money that it had raised separately from WikiLeaks, and that it was still waiting for WikiLeaks to make good on its promise to contribute its share of the defense costs.
"We understand the difficult situation WikiLeaks currently faces, as the world's governments conspire to extinguish the whistle-blower website," Paterson said in the release. "However, in order to meet Bradley Manning's legal-defense needs, we're forced to clarify that WikiLeaks has not yet made a contribution towards this effort. We certainly welcome any contribution from WikiLeaks, but we need to inform our supporters that it may not be forthcoming and that their continued contributions and support are crucial."
Although Paterson said they felt reservations about contributing to the "anti-WikiLeaks news," they told Threat Level that their group issued the release in part to address constant inquiries from media and from supporters who had contributed funds to WikiLeaks for Manning's defense.
"Supporters who donated to WikiLeaks on the assumption that they were going to contribute to Bradley's defense based on [WikiLeaks'] June and July statements" wanted to know if the money was reaching its intended destination, Paterson said. "We finally feel that we had to issue a statement to tell our supporters it really is up to us to raise the funds, and people should not be under the expectation that WikiLeaks will step in and pay up the rest of the legal bill."
Loraine Reitman, a member of the group's steering committee, shied away from placing blame on WikiLeaks.
"WikiLeaks is the reason we've been able to get so much money and donations," they told Threat Level. "They've been linking to us and tweeting about us, and every time they do it, donations come in."
The group said that in addition to legal costs, it had covered the cost of travel for an unspecified number of visitors who had met with Manning at the Marine Corps brig where they are being held in Quantico, Viriginia. It had also paid the costs of printing and distributing leaflets, staging public forums and demonstrations and producing banners, T-shirts and stickers, among other expenses.
WikiLeaks led a prominent fundraising campaign on Manning's behalf following their arrest last May in Iraq. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange indicated in June that they had hired three U.S. criminal-defense attorneys to defend Manning, and their group appealed to supporters to provide money to cover the cost of sending attorneys to the Middle East to meet with Manning.
It's not known how much money WikiLeaks succeeded in raising for Manning's defense. The group has yet to provide the detailed report of its contributions and expenses that was expected in August. Manning hired their own defense attorney instead of one provided by WikiLeaks.
According to a September e-mail to Threat Level from the Wau Holland Foundation, WikiLeaks authorized the foundation to release an unspecified amount of money for Manning's defense sometime that month. But Wau Holland vice president Hendrik Fulda told the Post on Tuesday that although it was their understanding that the amount to be released was $20,000, they never received final confirmation to distribute the funds.
Assange has recently declined to publicly comment on any payment by WikiLeaks for Manning's defense, despite soliciting donations for the cause. Assange said at a press conference in Geneva in November that their group had been advised not to talk about it anymore.
WikiLeaks has raised at least $1 million in general donations, according to statements Assange made after April when their site published a classified Army video taken in Iraq. In an online chat with a former hacker who turned them in, Manning took credit for leaking the video to WikiLeaks. WikiLeaks claimed it raised more than $150,000 in just two days after it published the video online.
The site has subsequently released three massive caches of documents, all believed to have been leaked by Manning. The first cache published in July included almost 77,000 documents pertaining to the war in Afghanistan. The second cache published in October consisted of 400,000 documents from the Iraq war. The most recent cache — of more than 250,000 U.S. State Department cables — were released to several media outlets and are being published in daily installments of about 80 documents by WikiLeaks.
Manning is believed to be the source for the video and the documents. Although WikiLeaks has never acknowledged Manning as its source, it has continued to raise money on their behalf.
WikiLeaks recently set up a separate defense fund account for founder Assange, who is facing a sex-crimes investigation in Sweden and was jailed in London this week, pending a possible extradition. The Swiss bank that was administering the account, however, canceled it after learning that Assange had provided false information about their residence when they opened the account.
WikiLeaks' PayPal account, which it uses to receive some contributions to its general fund, was also frozen last Friday, blocking about $80,000 in donations that were in the account. Visa and MasterCard have since cut off WikiLeaks' ability to receive donations made through those credit cards as well.
UPDATE 12.9.10: A Pennsylvania tech startup has offered to receive donations on behalf of WikiLeaks. Xipwire, a mobile-to-mobile payment provider that stands to garner a lot of publicity from the offer, has not been sanctioned by WikiLeaks to accept contributions, but the owner of the company told the Associated Press that "hundreds of people have donated thousands of dollars" already.
Additional reporting for this story contributed by Kevin Poulsen
Illustration: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange appears in Westminster Magistrates' Court in London this week, where they were denied bail after appearing on an extradition warrant.
Elizabeth Cook/AP
To be fair, at the time Senator Brandis picked up the book, Labor senator Alex Gallacher was questioning Department of Foreign Affairs secretary Peter Varghese about Australia's diplomatic footprint abroad with a liveliness rivalled only by Nationals leader Warren Truss.
Senator Brandis reads poetry while Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade secretary Peter Varghese answers questions.
With Mr Varghese fielding the questions, the Attorney-General, clearly in camera shot, channelled their inner Bob Carr, reached for a copy of Our Country, reclined in their seat and proceeded to read for the next 30 minutes.
And who says men can't multi-task?
Asked to explain their decision to read during the hearing, Senator Brandis told Fairfax Media: "I find it very easy to read and listen to Senate estimates at the same time."
This article is over 1 year old
Dr John Brayley had said they would investigate mental health of Iranian Hamed Shamshiripour, who was found dead near the Australian-run transit centre
Australian Border Force's chief medical officer Dr John Brayley was personally told about Hamed Shamshiripour's deteriorating mental health more than a year ago, and said they would review their care and records.
Shamshiripour, an asylum seeker from Iran, was found dead on Manus Island on Monday morning, in forest near to the refugee transit centre where they were being held.
For more than a year, refugees and asylum seekers on Manus Island, advocates in Australia, and mental health professionals working within the detention centre, repeatedly raised concerns about Shamshiripour's deteriorating mental health, chaotic behaviour and psychotic episodes.
Manus Island asylum seeker's friends begged Australia for help before their death Read more
The Papua New Guinea police commissioner, Gary Baki, told reporters Shamshiripour committed suicide, but refugees on Manus Island have called for an autopsy to determine their cause of death, alleging Shamshiripour had regularly clashed with members of the public and may have been attacked.
Police established a crime scene near the East Lorengau school where Shamshiripour's body was found.
Shamshiripour's “chaotic presentation”, “erratic and unpredictable behaviour” and “unstable state” were the subject of repeated entreaties from health professionals during their time on Manus.
Brayley, the doctor charged with overseeing the health of all people held in immigration detention, was personally informed in August 2016 that Shamshiripour's health was declining precipitously and they were in danger of serious harm.
In a letter Brayley wrote and signed on 26 August 2016, they said they had been alerted to concerns over Shamshiripour's mental health management and had requested their file.
Email correspondence from Brayley's executive assistant said Shamshiripour's case was being “actively monitored” by Brayley personally.
Brayley was again personally told – by email to their individual account – of Shamshiripour's declining health in December.
Brayley declined an interview with the Guardian on Tuesday. The Department of Immigration and Border Protection did not respond to a series of questions from the Guardian about what actions were taken by Brayley and the department in Shamshiripour's case.
Shamshiripour's deteriorating mental health condition was reported by case managers and health professionals on Manus Island, who said they had “become a danger to stakeholders and residents alike with their erratic and unpredictable behaviour”.
They were the subject of repeated reports from guards, case managers and mental health professionals within the Manus Island detention centre.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Warnings of Hamed Shamshiripour's deteriorating mental health: ‘[He] has displayed concerning behaviour including erratic switching between crying, laughing and declarations such as announcing themselves as “King of Iran”.' Click on document to read more.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘He has become a danger to stakeholders and residents alike with their erratic and unpredictable behaviour.' Click on document to read more.
However, after a number of psychotic episodes, Shamshiripour was arrested and jailed for a month in Lorengau.
Fourteen fellow asylum seekers and refugees lodged a complaint that Shamshiripour was arrested and beaten instead of being treated.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A letter of complaint to the Manus Island detention centre over the treatment of Iranian asylum seeker Hamed Shamshiripour
In the wake of Shamshiripour's death, the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees warned of an “escalating crisis” on Manus Island and said the forcible closure of the detention centre – without any viable alternative – was causing “acute distress among refugees and asylum-seekers”.
'There'll be a big tragedy': Manus deadlock could reach breaking point Read more
The UNHCR said it was deeply saddened by Shamshiripour's death, and said it highlighted the precarious situation faced by vulnerable people on Manus Island.
“The planned closure of the centre, along with the announced withdrawal of current medical care, torture and trauma support and security services by October 2017, is exacerbating a highly stressful situation for the 773 people who remain on Manus Island,” a spokesperson said. “Many fear for their safety outside the centre, particularly in the wake of several violent incidents in recent years.”
The UNHCR reiterated its call for Australia to find “viable, humane solutions” outside of PNG and Nauru for those still held in offshore processing.
In parliament, the Greens senator, Nick McKim, called for Shamshiripour's body to be brought to Australia for an independent autopsy.
“It's important that people, including Hamed's fellow detainees, have confidence in the autopsy's findings,” McKim said.
“Hamed was Australia's prisoner, and it is the Australian government's responsibility to determine exactly how they died.”
The Refugee Action Coalition has also called for an independent investigation into Shamshiripour's death, saying it was impossible for PNG police to so quickly rule out foul play.
Photos are in circulation purportedly showing Shamshiripour's body when it was found. The Guardian has chosen not to publish these.
“Anyone who has seen the photos knows that Hamed's death is suspicious,” spokesperson Ian Rintoul said. “And anyone who is familiar with Hamed's circumstances, would know that Hamed had been arrested and beaten by the local police many times. The PNG police could not be relied on to carry out a thorough or impartial investigation. There are no facilities on Manus for an autopsy.
“There is an urgent need for an independent autopsy and investigation to establish the cause of death. It has been disgusting to watch the Turnbull government try to avoid its responsibility.”
A refugee held on Manus Island has reportedly been transferred to Port Moresby in a critical condition.
The refugee was reportedly attacked on Manus Island several days ago and is suffering serious head injuries. Calls to PNG immigration about the man's conditions have not been returned.
Electric Bus Route In Sweden Zooms Past Expectations
June 17th, 2016 by James Ayre
During the first year of service, electric route 55 has ferried around 1.2 million passengers, and surpassed expectations “by a wide margin.”
In conjunction with the route's one-year anniversary, the global ICT provider Ericsson has joined the ElectriCity Route 55 partnership.
An email sent to CleanTechnica and EV Obsession provides more:
Traffic on route 55 in Gothenburg began in June 2015 and the green electric buses soon became a common sight on the urban scene. Today the route between Chalmers and Lindholmen carries an average of 100,000 passengers a month. Surveys conducted by the ElectriCity partners reveal that both passengers and drivers appreciate the new electric bus route and that the vehicles, charging infrastructure, and bus stops more than meet the highest expectations.
According to Public Transport Authority Västtrafik, passengers are generally very satisfied with the service. The fact that the buses run on renewable electricity is regarded favourably, and the bus stops at Chalmersplatsen and Teknikgatan are rated very highly. About 80% of passengers appreciate the free WiFi on board, and no less than 93% feel that the low on-board noise level is a great benefit. Measurements carried out by Volvo confirm these perceptions and show considerable differences in noise between diesel and electric power, both inside and outside the buses, particularly at low speeds.
The bus operator, Keolis, conducted a survey of the drivers as well — which revealed that the relatively low noise levels of the electric buses was the biggest advantage, making for a better working and traveling environment. Another factor that was appreciated was the zone management system that limits speed in specific areas automatically.
The most recent statistics from Volvo, Keolis, and Västtrafik reveal that program results “are on a par with or have exceeded the targets for charging function, punctuality and service provision.”
“These excellent results show that the technology for electrified bus operations is ripe for more broad-based introduction. Electric power offers new possibilities for cities to transition public transport in a sustainable direction, promoting safer traffic and a healthier environment with less noise and better air quality,” stated Niklas Gustafsson, Chief Sustainability Officer, Volvo Group.
Not that that's really a surprise to anyone — electric buses are becoming more and more common around the world (China in particular), and are proving that the technology is in many ways an improvement over internal combustion engine (ICE) buses.
Related: Free Concerts On Gothenburg's EV Bus Route Today & Tomorrow (June 16 & 17)
The Cook Political Report, a top nonpartisan election handicapper, changed its election rating for Tennessee's Senate race to a toss-up following former Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen (D) launching their bid for the seat.
Bredesen, who served as the last Democratic governor of the state, was a top recruit for Democrats in the race to replace Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.), a President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE surrogate-turned-critic who won't seek reelection in 2018.
Bredesen won their first term as governor in 2002 and handily won reelection in 2006 with 69 percent of the vote, winning every county in Tennessee.
ADVERTISEMENT
They officially jumped into the Senate race Thursday morning with an online video, arguing that they have the “actual track record that it will take to start working across party lines, to fix the mess in Washington and bring common sense back to our government.”
But Bredesen hasn't held office since they left the governor's mansion in 2010 due to term limits. They would turn 75 a few weeks after the 2018 elections.
And any Democrat who wins the nomination would have an uphill climb against a Republican in Tennessee, which hasn't elected a Democrat to the upper chamber since 1990.
Jennifer Duffy, a Cook Political Report analyst of Senate and gubernatorial races, argues that this ratings change also changes the calculus of the 2018 Senate map. Arizona and Nevada have been seen as the only two realistic Senate seats held by Republicans that Democrats have a shot at flipping.
But moving Tennessee to the toss-up column gives them opportunities in three GOP-held seats, which is the number Democrats would need to take back the Senate. Still, capturing the majority will be a tough feat for Democrats, who will be defending 10 seats in states that Trump carried last year.
“Until now, it has been mathematically impossible as only two GOP seats have been considered truly vulnerable,” Duffy wrote. “This does not mean that Democrats will win the majority; only that it is now mathematically possible.”
“However, if another GOP-held seat or two come into play, it becomes a much more realistic possibility. In the current political environment and given former White House aide Steve Bannon's effort to blow up the party, Democrats appear to be preparing for exactly that scenario.”
Bredesen will face James Mackler, an attorney and Iraq War veteran, in the primary for the Democratic nomination. Chattanooga Mayor Andy Berke has also been considering a campaign.
Republicans will also have a competitive primary, with GOP Reps. Marsha Blackburn Marsha BlackburnTrump's new Syria timetable raises concern among key anti-ISIS allies Dem lawmaker invites Parkland survivor to attend State of the Union Bipartisan senators press Trump for strategy to protect Syrian Kurds MORE and Stephen Fincher Stephen Lee FincherLamar Alexander's exit marks end of an era in evolving Tennessee Tensions on immigration erupt in the House GOP Trump backs Blackburn's Tennessee Senate bid MORE as the top two competitors.
Ok, this one is straight from the Facebook post that I asked for blog suggestions. Thanks to J.M. for this one! Now, full disclosure on this one…I'm not a 3-gun specialist, I shoot primarily handgun competitions. My hopes are that the corresponding post on my Facebook will elicit the responses from some of the full time 3-gunners out there for some additional tips! Also, as soon as I dug my feet into this one, it grew out of control. So I threw together a nice document you can print and follow with all of the drills mentioned in this article. Also, in the future, expect some new (bigger) downloads..something that would be printable and useable if you chose to follow my “15-minutes a Day 3-Gun Program. ”
Get it here: 15-Minutes a Day 3-Gun Program
On to the program!
Pre-Requisites: Get trained by the best shooter you can find. Ok, in order to succeed in this endeavor, you simply have to have solid technique. To enhance your skills through practice first you must understand the correct technique first. Your options:
Figure out what type of 3-gun (also called multi-gun) shooting you want to do . The reason for this is that some sports require slightly different skills than others. An example would be some of the non-USPSA type matches require you to re-holster a hot handgun during the stage. This is something that we NEVER do in normal handgun (USPSA) matches and is something you will need to be able to do safely and effectively. The sport you want to be successful at will dictate how you do some of the drills.
. The reason for this is that some sports require slightly different skills than others. An example would be some of the non-USPSA type matches require you to re-holster a hot handgun during the stage. This is something that we NEVER do in normal handgun (USPSA) matches and is something you will need to be able to do safely and effectively. The sport you want to be successful at will dictate how you do some of the drills. Take a full class (I know….might break you out of your shoestring budget). Here's the deal, if you simply skip eating out 6 times over the next six months you will likely have the $$ to take a class. IF you are really broke, consider getting a top rate instructor to come to you. Most that offer courses like I do will let the coordinator train for free! Just do the legwork and get the instructor there.
(I know….might break you out of your shoestring budget). Here's the deal, if you simply skip eating out 6 times over the next six months you will likely have the $$ to take a class. IF you are really broke, consider getting a top rate instructor to come to you. Most that offer courses like I do will let the coordinator train for free! Just do the legwork and get the instructor there. Order some instructional material . If you simply can't afford a class and there is a reason why you can not host one, then simply order the books and DVD's out there that will show you how. Can't afford them? Contact the author and ask if you can get a free copy of there material for a written review and some promotion. I would gladly send a book or DVD of my program (Your Competition Handgun Training Program) if they legitimately convinced me they would review it and post on several shooting forums, Facebook, etc. I know for a fact that several of the best 3-gunners out there have done some good instructional videos. And here is one more tip: Once you have their material and have learned the techniques they teach, do a video of yourself using them and post them to Youtube and ask your expert for feedback. I bet you will get them to watch the video and give you feedback!
. If you simply can't afford a class and there is a reason why you can not host one, then simply order the books and DVD's out there that will show you how. Can't afford them? Contact the author and ask if you can get a free copy of there material for a written review and some promotion. I would gladly send a book or DVD of my program (Your Competition Handgun Training Program) if they legitimately convinced me they would review it and post on several shooting forums, Facebook, etc. I know for a fact that several of the best 3-gunners out there have done some good instructional videos. And here is one more tip: Once you have their material and have learned the techniques they teach, do a video of yourself using them and post them to Youtube and ask your expert for feedback. I bet you will get them to watch the video and give you feedback! Hit Youtube and watch the free stuff you can find . A word of caution here…sometimes when something is free, you get what you pay for! Be cautious of what you watch. Make sure the source is solid, and it won't be hard to check out some of the 3-gun material out there that showcases top 3-gunners. Here are some great ones I found and recommend (there are many more, but once again, watch material from a qualified source!): My Youtube page includes videos on most aspects of shooting a handgun better, as well as one moving mount rifle video. My Rapid Fire Co-Host Iain Harrison explains How to Avoid Disqualification in 3-gun. My friend Jeffy Miculek shows How to shoot a Rifle. The Noveske Shooting Team's Weak Hand Reload Video. (note: I learned the same technique from Kurt Miller and they taught me to keep the stock in my shoulder) There is also a second method of loading that is dominating in 3-gun now and that is the “stuff two” method. I strongly suggest you research it before practicing weak hand loads!
. A word of caution here…sometimes when something is free, you get what you pay for! Be cautious of what you watch. Make sure the source is solid, and it won't be hard to check out some of the 3-gun material out there that showcases top 3-gunners. Here are some great ones I found and recommend (there are many more, but once again, watch material from a qualified source!): Kiss some butt . Yep, I just said kiss butt. Find out who the best 3-gun competitor in the area is and tell them you are trying to be the best you can on 15 minutes a day and a shoestring budget. Tell them you will be their humble “grasshopper” if they will take some time and give you some shooting advice. Even if you can just meet them at the range and watch them and then ask if they will give you a few tips on shooting, you will be a step ahead. You will be absolutely amazed at how helpful the good shooters out there are. I know in my area alone there are some of the best 3-gun shooters in the U.S. If I was new to 3-gunning, I would visit a match and get to know those guys ( Jesse Tischauser , Kurt Miller, Chris Anderson , etc.) Just ask!
Ok, so now that you have met the pre-requisites, let's get on with the program: 15 minutes a day and a shoestring budget.
Program Principles:
Commit to this program for 12-16 weeks minimum before expecting to see any significant improvements. Remember, we are working with 15 minutes a day, so DO NOT skip practice sessions. Do whatever you need to in order to get them done.
Dry Fire will be our secret weapon number 1 ! The reality is that most people can't get to a range in 15 minutes, so my intent will be to train you from home for 75+ % of this program. We will enhance your skills to a very high level with dry fire manipulation drills alone. Some of you might wonder if 15 minutes will do it, and I say if you are efficient, YES! I got a great tip from multiple time world champion Eric Grauffel in a class they taught in Frostproof Florida years ago, and it was that they limited their daily dry fire to around 10-15 minutes a day. And most of the time, they said they dry fired around 10 minutes. Would more be better? Maybe, but I would still cut your session off at 30 minutes unless you were having the time of your life and staying completely tuned in. Remember, you can build bad habits in dry fire as well as good ones. Staying mentally connected during the session is a important as the amount of time you spend dry firing.
! The reality is that most people can't get to a range in 15 minutes, so my intent will be to train you from home for 75+ % of this program. We will enhance your skills to a very high level with dry fire manipulation drills alone. Some of you might wonder if 15 minutes will do it, and I say if you are efficient, YES! I got a great tip from multiple time world champion Eric Grauffel in a class they taught in Frostproof Florida years ago, and it was that they limited their daily dry fire to around 10-15 minutes a day. And most of the time, they said they dry fired around 10 minutes. Would more be better? Maybe, but I would still cut your session off at 30 minutes unless you were having the time of your life and staying completely tuned in. Remember, you can build bad habits in dry fire as well as good ones. Staying mentally connected during the session is a important as the amount of time you spend dry firing. Mental training (active and passive visualization) will be our secret weapon number 2 ! Numerous studies have shown that mental imagery (visualization) can actually stimulate the muscles used to do the action you are visualizing. We are going to use that skill to enhance our practice sessions.
! Numerous studies have shown that mental imagery (visualization) can actually stimulate the muscles used to do the action you are visualizing. We are going to use that skill to enhance our practice sessions. Live fire training will be focused exclusively on learning to better manage the firing cycle of the weapon we are practicing with . This means we will focus entirely on what makes a good shooter good, and that is managing the sights, trigger, and recoil better. We will do manipulations during live fire, but only to incorporate the drills. Our focus will be improving how we pull the trigger, see the sights, and manage recoil.
. This means we will focus entirely on what makes a good shooter good, and that is managing the sights, trigger, and recoil better. We will do manipulations during live fire, but only to incorporate the drills. Our focus will be improving how we pull the trigger, see the sights, and manage recoil. This program focuses on the training, but matches are critical! Shoot and watch as many as possible , but I am NOT going to count that time against my 15-minute program!
The routine: This routine assumes that you will be training seven days a week. Any less and our 15 minute a day begins to fall apart. In reality…15 minutes a day is tough on the live fire days, so I am not going to count the drive or prepping magazines, etc. in the 15 minutes…just shooting! Also, this routine is designed for a competitor that shoots the tactical or limited divisions and needs to work on their shotgun reloads.
Monday: Handgun Dry Fire Session 1:
Static Draw (3 sets of 10) Statice Reload (3 sets of 10)
Tuesday: Shotgun Dry Fire (reload practice): Practice reloading the shotgun. Work different combinations, such as loading one at a time, then two at a time, then three (if you load with the weak hand method), then four. For those of you that load two at a time, set up different combinations in that load configuration such as load two, mount, load four and mount, load 6 and mount, load 8 and mount. Once you have gotten the basics down standing still, then practice loading the shotgun on the move, moving forward and backward, and laterally. Use a PAR timer to keep track of your loading pace, and work to continually reduce the time and get faster.
Wednesday: Rifle Dry Fire Session 1: This session will focus on static position Practice. Work the following on a PAR time and try to lower the time:
Mount and dry fire from the muzzle up (research what is a legal start) position x 20 repetitions. Mount and dry fire from the muzzle down (research what is a legal start) position x 20 repetitions. Mount and brace on a barricade/wall gun on the right side x 20 repetitions. Mount and brace on a barricade/wall gun on the left side x 20 repetitions. Mount and brace over a low barricade (kneeling or squatting position). Work 10 repetitions strong side knee down and 10 repetitions elbow on strong side knee.
Thursday: Handgun Dry Fire Session 2
Clock Stepping Drill Clock Pivoting Drill Moving Mount Drill
Friday: Rifle Dry Fire Session 2 Dry Fire Session
Moving Mount Drill muzzle high Moving Mount Drill muzzle low
Saturday: Live Fire Practice (see table)
You will rotate through live fire every weekend and work on one gun. The next weekend you will work on another gun. The focus will be as follows, so rotate through these in order. IF you have more that fifteen minutes, then practice with two guns that day.
Sunday: Shotgun Dry Fire (reload practice)
Check out the live fire Practice Drills:
Week Gun Practice Drill(s) 1 Handgun Extending (toward) Prep and Press and Horizontal (l-r) Prep and Press 2 Rifle Mount Prep and Press and Horizontal (l-r) Prep and Press 3 Handgun Static Draw/Varied Target Area and Static Reload/Varied Target Area 4 Rifle Pivoting Mount/Varied Target Area 5 Shotgun Reload Drills 6 Handgun Two Shot X-Drill 7 Rifle Two Shot X-Drill (rifle Variant) 8 Handgun Multi-Port Drill 9 Rifle Multi-Port Drill (rifle Variant) 10 Shotgun Slugfest 11 Handgun SHooting and Moving, Forward and Backward 12 Rifle Moving Mount Drill – Forward and Zig/Zag 13 Handgun Shooting and Moving, Multi-Directional 14 Shotgun Shooting and Moving, Multi-Directional (with load) 15 Multi-Gun Handgun/Rifle Transition Drill 16 Multi-Gun Handgun/Shotgun Transition Drill
Ok, there you have it. I way bigger and more complex program than I ever thought I would write on a blog on training for 3-gun success! As stated before, a full 30 day 3-gun tune up program is in the works if the interest is there. And since this thing grew way bigger than I thought (and could get into this blog), I quickly compiled a document that you can now download and use as you wish. PLEASE send people to the blog and give me credit for the time it took to put it all together! Look forward to a full training program (downloadable) sometime in the future!
Get it here: 15-Minutes a Day 3-Gun Program
Until Then – Train Hard!
Mike S.
Please share this: Email
Print
Tweet
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is on a mission to convince Americans that David and Charles Koch are “shadowy billionaires” who are rigging the country's electoral system and trying to “buy our democracy.”
They are “un-American” Reid declared in the Senate on March 26 in one of their many speeches bashing the politically active brothers. They're “immoral” and “dishonest” according to the Nevada senator.
Reid's attacks on the Koch brothers have been relentless in the last few weeks and he's promising to keep them up in advance of November's midterm elections.
Why? The Kochs aren't running for office. But they are pouring millions of dollars into the campaigns of those who are through the conservative group they founded, Americans for Prosperity (AFP), and other political action committees (PACs).
They also give generously to a number of think-tanks and organizations that align with their views. David Koch once ran for U.S. vice-president as a member of the Libertarian Party, which gives a good indication of their views. The brothers are known as champions of the free market who advocate for lower taxes, less government regulation, and for people helping themselves rather than relying on government handouts. Their critics describe their agenda as fringe and radical and say the Tea Party and Republican conservatives have adopted many of their beliefs.
Kochs among world's richest people
A Washington Post article said so far this year AFP has spent $27 million on television advertising. About $13 million of that was directed at five Senate races while other ads criticized the Affordable Care Act.
Democrats aren't just up against Republican candidates this fall, they're up against the Kochs' bank accounts, and based on how the Democrats are acting, they're worried about the damage the brothers can do.
David Koch attends a lunch in New York on Dec. 9, 2013, where former Bank of Canada governor Mark Carney, now Bank of England head, spoke. (Shannon Stapleton/Reuters) Koch Industries is one of the largest privately held companies in the U.S. It doesn't release financial data publicly, but it's thought to rake in annual revenues in the neighbourhood of $115 billion. The massive company, started by their father, Fred Koch, has its tentacles in the oil sector, consumer products, minerals, commodity trading, and much more.
If you've ever sipped out of a Dixie cup, mopped up a mess with a Brawny paper towel, worn workout attire with Lycra in it, or walked upon a Stainmaster carpet then you've experienced the vast reach of Koch Industries and the many companies it invests in or owns.
The brothers are majority stakeholders, which makes them very, very rich. The Bloomberg Billionaires Index puts their net worth at $100 billion and calls them the fifth and sixth richest people on planet Earth.
The Koch brothers don't pocket all their profits. There are several charitable foundations associated with the family and they've given millions away to cancer research, the arts, and scholarships among other causes.
But it's their funding of political candidates and campaigns that make them magnets for criticism and prompts the accusations that they are trying to buy America.
“They have single-handedly turned the American electoral process into a pay-to-play scheme,” Reid wrote on their website.
Republicans 'addicted to Koch'
“As for the Democrats here in the Senate, we will continue to defend American families from these oil baron bullies who want nothing more than to enrich themselves. We will continue to oppose their efforts to buy our democracy, because we represent America — not just rich Americans.”
On Reid's website they write about the Republicans being “addicted to Koch” (the surname is pronounced like the soft drink Coke, or, the drug) and it's a line he's repeated in the Senate while telling their opponents they should wear Koch Industries logos on their suits.
But it's not just Reid, the anti-Koch campaign is a party-wide strategy. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee started a website called kochaddiction.com that says the brothers are trying to buy the Senate and the Koch talking points are heard more often now by Congress members and Republican candidates.
The Democrats say they're educating Americans about the Koch brothers, but likely they're also trying to energize their base and use the Koch brothers as a fundraising tool while doing so. The Democrats are counting on their base not only for money but for votes this fall so they can keep control of the Senate.
Republicans have come to the Koch brothers' defence, asking what is so “un-American” about them employing thousands of Americans and making completely legal donations to political campaigns. They also point out that the Democrats have their own millionaire donors. Tom Steyer, for example, plans to spend millions of dollars this election cycle, primarily supporting Democrats and advocating for climate change policies.
The Koch Industries website also has a section meant to debunk what critics say about the duo and Charles Koch recently wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal defending their business and saying he's been the victim of character assassination.
According to Reid, their plan is working and he's getting under their skin. But he's not done yet.
"I haven't been successful enough, because I'm going to continue,” they recently told reporters. “By the time we finish this, everyone is going to know who these, the two richest brothers in the world, are.”
A Swedish soldier was also injured in the attack and was taken to a field hospital located at Camp Marmal, home of International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) Regional Command for the north of Afghanistan, according to the Swedish military, which is now working to notify relatives of the soldiers involved.
The Swedish officers, a captain and a lieutenant, and the interpreter were killed in an ambush 40-50 kilometres west of the Swedish army base, in an area where Swedish and Finnish peace-keepers confiscated 70 kilogrammes of narcotics and a quantity of explosives earlier in the week.
It was also the same area in which five Swedish soldiers were injured in a roadside bomb explosion in November.
Swedish forces have been operating in Afghanistan since 2002.
The Swedish ISAF-led force (FS18) is based in Mazar-e Sharif, 400 kilometres northwest of Kabul.
ISAF is a NATO-led security and development mission in Afghanistan established by the United Nations Security Council in 2001. The base is home to Swedish and Finnish peacekeeping forces.
This deal popped up a couple of days ago but sold out before we could even post it, so time is absolutely of the essence here. You can get a brand new, midnight blue, 32GB, carrier unlocked Nexus 6 for only $299 on eBay while supplies last. Shipping is free in the USA.
No, not that Nexus 6. I'm talking about the one that has been on the market and by most accounts is a pretty top notch device, even as it has aged. You will get Android Marshmallow before anyone else and have an up-to-date phone for at least two years, in all likelihood.
Take note that the seller specifically mentions Verizon and Sprint as carriers they do not promise will support the phone. The listing is for the US variant of the Nexus 6, which has a CDMA radio and supports all the LTE bands used by Verizon and Sprint. There used to be a problem getting customer-owned devices like this activated on those carriers, but it has since been resolved and you shouldn't have any problems.
Otherwise, this will work just fine on GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. Beyond that, you know what to do. Buy this thing! 30 have sold just in the past 15 minutes, by my count. You know if you're in the market for a Nexus 6; if you are, this is the best deal out there. Follow the source link or click the screenshot to see the listing.
Show full PR text
Successful rollout for new Porsche LMP1 sports prototype
Stuttgart. The new Porsche LMP1 sports prototype, which will compete in the sports car World Endurance Championship (WEC) and in the 24 Hours of Le Mans from 2014, successfully completed its first rollout today on the Porsche test track in Weissach. Before the eyes of some board members of Porsche AG, Porsche works driver Timo Bernhard took their new 'wheels' through its initial function check.
The LMP1 racer turned its first laps on the circuit several weeks earlier than originally planned. "We are well on schedule," says Fritz Enzinger, Head of LMP1. "Our newly formed team has worked with utmost concentration on getting this highly complex vehicle on the track as soon as possible. This allows us a few additional weeks for more testing and further development. From 2014, the regulations are primarily based on efficiency. This makes the competition amongst engineers more interesting and presents us with completely new challenges."
Since the decision in mid-2011 to return with the LMP1 racer to top motorsport as a works effort, the Motorsport Center at Weissach has grown significantly. A workshop and an administration building were built and accommodate around 200 employees who are responsible for the design, assembly and deployment of the LMP1 car. From the 2014 season, the racer will be fielded by a Weissach-based works squad.
"I was involved in the development of the new car right from the outset," says Porsche works driver Timo Bernhard. "I'm very proud that I was the one to take our baby through its first paces today. Already now the car feels great. I look forward to testing the vehicle in the coming weeks and months with my friend and colleague Romain Dumas." Bernhard (32) and Dumas (35) are the first two regular drivers in the LMP1 project and will carry out the majority of testing on various international circuits.
"During the development of our new LMP1 vehicle, we faced the same challenge as in the series production development of our road legal cars," says Wolfgang Hatz, Board Member for Research and Development at Porsche AG. "Our aim was to achieve the best possible efficiency without compromising performance."
Matthias Müller, Chairman of the Executive Board at Porsche AG, particularly emphasizes the benefits customers will enjoy from the development of the high-tech race car. "The engineers were able to start with a blank sheet of paper in the design of the new LMP1 car that was out here today on the Weissach race track for the first time. Hence, they were able to apply many new technologies within the framework of the regulations that will also benefit the customers of our road legal automobiles in the future. After all, there's a race car in every Porsche."
About Porsche Motorsport North America
Porsche Motorsport North America (PMNA), located in Santa Ana, California, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Porsche AG and the sole sales and service provider for the German sports carmaker's North American customer sports programs. Porsche is the largest manufacturer of race cars with a wide range of products from the 911 GT3 Cup car to the ultimate 911 GT3 RSR. PMNA sells these models to customer teams in North America and provides them with parts, service and expertise in between races and at the track. The PMNA service truck is a fixture at most race tracks in the U.S. and Canada, staffed by factory engineers to service all of Porsche's customer teams.
About Porsche Cars North America
Porsche Cars North America, Inc. (PCNA), based in Atlanta, Ga. is the exclusive U.S. importer of Porsche sports cars, the Cayenne SUV and Panamera sports sedan. Established in 1984, it is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Porsche AG, which is headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany, and employs approximately 220 people who provide parts, service, marketing and training for 190 dealers. They, in turn, work to provide Porsche customers with a best-in-class experience that is in keeping with the brand's 63-year history and leadership in the advancement of vehicle performance, safety and efficiency.
On Tuesday, federal authorities announced that several members of the Tijuana-based Hooligans Motorcycle Club had been indicted for some stealing $4.5 million worth of Jeeps in San Diego County. How'd they do it? Stolen keys? Smash and grab operation? Nah, according to police, these bikers just gained access to a secure key database and then hacked the vehicles' onboard computers so that they could drive back to Mexico undetected.
Except the Hooligans eventually were detected by a home security camera, hence the indictment. But that was after they allegedly stole an estimated 150 Jeep Wranglers using methods seemingly pulled from Gone in 60 Seconds.
Advertisement
Based on the findings of a three-year-long police investigation dubbed “Operation Last Ride,” the thieves started by patrolling San Diego neighborhoods and recording vehicle identification numbers (VINs) visible through target vehicles' windshields. This enabled them to fetch key duplication codes from a secure online database containing the proper key patterns. It's unclear if the bikers hacked the database or had a man on the inside, but authorities say that the key code queries were connected to a Jeep dealership in Cabo San Lucas.
After the thieves cut the duplicate keys, the real fun began. Here's the San Diego Union Tribune's account of the thefts themselves:
The Jeep Wrangler has two latches on the outside of its hood, which allows access to the engine. The thieves exploited that unique design, popping the hood and quickly cutting the wires for the horn and the front flashing lights. They would unlock the door with the duplicate key, put the key into the ignition and then use a handheld computer key programmer to connect to the car's computer.
Advertisement
In other words, the Hooligans allegedly hacked into the cars' computers. The paper continues:
Using the second code obtained from the database, the thieves would program the chip in the duplicate key, allowing them to operate the car. The actual theft took only a few minutes.
Once stolen, the Hooligans returned the Jeeps to Mexico where they either sold them as complete vehicles or chopped them up for parts, according to police. Again, authorities think the biker gang had been doing this for at least three years before they were caught. And so far, only three out of the nine men indicted have been arrested. Seven of the nine are United States citizens.
Advertisement
Now, we can all agree that crime is bad, and getting your car stolen sucks. However, this is some DEFCON-level hacking shit, the kind of thing that exposes real flaws in automotive security. Just a couple years ago, a pair of hackers won a standing ovation at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas (as well as international media attention) after they figured out how to remotely gain control of a Jeep Grand Cherokee. Chrysler later recalled 1.4 million of the SUVs due to the hacking threat.
It's unclear how Jeep or its parent companies plan to deal with the apparent security vulnerability in these Wranglers. Now that the Hooligans' methods have been exposed, one would hope that they'd review the security of that online database and possibly issue a software update to the cars themselves. We've reached out to the company to learn more information on what happens next and will update this post if we hear back.
Advertisement
In the meantime, don't underestimate the capabilities of Tijuana-based biker-slash-hacker gangs. They're unpredictable as hell.
Update 12:45pm EST - Fiat Chrysler Automobiles sent us the following statement:
FCA US is committed to the safety and security of our vehicles, including cybersecurity. We continue to take proactive steps to address cyber risks including improved product security techniques and active participation in the Auto-ISAC as a secure platform to share and analyze intelligence across the industry. As the investigation is ongoing, FCA US has no further comment.
[San Diego Union Tribune]
Theo Wargo/ Getty Images Susan Sarandon has had a troubled relationship with Hillary Clinton, and the actor has confirmed they won't be voting for the Democratic nominee in the presidential election.
"I don't vote with my vagina," Sarandon told BBC's Evan Davis of their decision not to vote for Clinton. They have said she's voting for Green Party candidate Jill Stein, after supporting Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary process.
They added that they think it's important to get votes for third-party candidates above the 5% mark, and that whether Clinton or Trump is elected, "it doesn't matter" to them
"This is bigger than that and I don't want to spend a lot of time talking about Trump and Hillary because that's not why I'm here. This is bigger than who wins this election," they said.
Sarandon said they believe Clinton is "almost certainly going to win" because of support from "every neocon, all the press, all the networks, all the newspapers, everyone behind her."
"I am worried about the wars, I am worried about Syria, I am worried about all of these things that actually exist. I'm worried about fracking," Sarandon said. "I'm worrying about the environment. No matter who gets in they don't address these things because money has taken over our system."
They added that in their view, based on what they saw during the primaries, the DNC is "so corrupt, it's not worthy of our votes."
You can see the interview below:
(CNN) If you are the victim of a hate crime, what would you do? Who would you call? What are the laws in your city or state that could protect you?
Now there's a mobile app for that.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations launched a new civil rights app this week called "Making Democracy Work for Everyone." It allows users to quickly report bias incidents they experience, "an important feature during a period of increased hate incidents targeting American Muslims and other minority groups," says a CAIR press release.
"It has been on the back burner for some time. It's development got accelerated though with the election of Donald Trump," CAIR spokesperson Ibrahim Hooper tells CNN.
"It's on a daily basis now that we are issuing a statement about some hate crime somewhere in the country, some days multiple incidents," they said. "One of the reasons we wanted to make the app is because that's how so many young people access the world, they feel more comfortable using an app than making a phone call sometimes."
CAIR is hoping that an easier reporting process will make the number of incidents reported closer to the number that actually occur.
"A lot of these incidents go unreported so anything we can do to make it easier to report, we want to do," Hooper said.
All minority groups can use the app
The app's launch comes a week after a Muslim teen was attacked and killed near a Virginia Mosque. Nabra Hassanen was beaten with a bat after a road rage accident, and while it is not officially classified a hate crime, thousands have signed a petition calling on state and federal officials to investigate the youth's death as a hate crime.
There has been an unprecedented spike in hate crimes targeting Muslims and other minority groups since the election of President Trump, according to CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad.
The Washington-based Muslim civil rights organization recently released a report showing a 57% increase in anti-Muslim incidents in 2016 over the previous year. This was accompanied by a 44% increase in anti-Muslim hate crimes during the same period.
This app isn't just for Muslim's though, Hooper said.
"Anybody can report," they said. "That's one thing we've noticed -- it's not just Muslim-Americans who are experiencing more hate incidents, it's all groups of minorities."
Anyone who reports an incident will be helped either through CAIR or in conjunction with other organizations, according to Hooper.
Hate crimes are rising not just against Muslims but all groups, according to the FBI, which has been tracking hate crime statistics since 1990.
The 2016 numbers are not yet available but in 2015 there were 5,818 hate crimes in the US, up by about 340 incidents from 2014, the FBI said.
Over 20% of attacks on religious groups in 2015 targeted Muslims, according to FBI data. The FBI reported 257 hate crimes against Muslims in 2015, an increase from 154 crimes in 2014.
App offers 'real time' help
CAIR's free "Making Democracy work for Everyone" app not only allows users to report the incidents, it also offers advice on what your constitutional rights are when you are contacted by law enforcement, Homeland Security, or other officials.
There is advice on the app on where to go when facing discrimination in the workplace or school. Other features include a news feed with articles relevant to the American Muslim community, along with polls on social and political issues.
It can be used to get advice in real time situations too, said CAIR civil rights attorney Gadeir Abbas.
"Lets say you are traveling and get detained at Customs, you can use this app to get information about your rights or contact someone who will be able to help you," Abbas said. The app is available in Android and iOS.
This is not the first civil rights' mobile application.
In fashion and clothing, a petite size is a standard clothing size designed to fit women of shorter height than the average, typically 160 cm (5 ft 3 in).
Changes in pattern measurements and design [ edit ]
Regular female sized clothing is designed for a woman at least 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall (without shoes) and will not fit a woman of significantly shorter height well. Even if the bust, waist and hip circumferences are appropriate, the sleeve lengths, leg inseam lengths and vertical torso measurements (such as the back length and bust-waist length) must be altered significantly to fit well. Non-petite size dresses cannot be easily altered to produce the equivalent petite size, since, in general, these lengths (particularly the critical torso measurements) cannot be altered without introducing an unsightly seam. Significant errors in the torso measurements will make a well-fitted look impossible, e.g., if the bust-point darts are off by three inches.
In addition to its measurements, a petite-size garment may have a different design from those intended for taller women. For example, style elements may be added to give a longer, slimmer look, e.g., vertical stripes, princess seams, short skirts, large patterns or patterns arranged helically around the whole body. Unfortunately, many modern "petite" sizes are actually renamed half sizes intended for large women and, as a result, tend to be boxy and unfashionable for small-framed women. Designs for taller women may also have style lines that appear to shorten the figure, such as horizontal lines (e.g., clamdigger pants or midcalf skirts); hence, even if the measurements are adjusted correctly, a petite-size version of a regular-size garment may be unflattering.
Frequency [ edit ]
The average height of an American woman is roughly 163 cm (5 ft 4 in) (5'4"), with a standard deviation of roughly 10 cm (3.9 in). Thus, 40% of all American women are 160 cm (5 ft 3 in) or shorter ( z <= − 0.25 {\displaystyle z<=-0.25} ) and roughly one-quarter (25%) are 155 cm (5 ft 1 in) or shorter ( z <= − 0.75 {\displaystyle z<=-0.75} ).
In the UK and throughout much of Europe and Australasia, the average height varies from 152 cm (5 ft 0 in) to 168 cm (5 ft 6 in). The old clothes sizes tended to correspond to the UK's 1951 size survey, which took 157 cm (5 ft 2 in) as average height, and also took a slim, hour glass figure as standard. In the 1990s the Size UK project examined 16,000 people and changed the measurements for the 'average' size. This was widely reported, but stores responded to the headline (people getting bigger) rather than the facts (height rising only slightly but many individuals fatter). The fashion industry provides most of its merchandise in "standard sizes", which encompasses women sizes 4-14, 5'4" to 5'8" in height (European sizes 34-44 and 1.6256-1.7272 m), because this is the most profitable ready-to-wear market.[1]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
NHANES survey
[1] CDC Anthropometric Reference Data for Children and
Adults: U.S. Population, 1999–2002 - Page 20, Table 19.
Since word of a looming polar vortex event hit the street, some meteorological purists – including the National Weather Service – have pushed back hard.
They say vortex isn't responsible for the spell of autumn-like weather spilling into the eastern U.S. this week, at the peak of summer.
They say those promoting the polar vortex are misleading the public and making a scientifically dubious connection.
If I hear a meteorologist call this a polar vortex, I may just shoot myself #NotAPolarVortex — EnriqueWx (@enriqueh0891) July 11, 2014
But, in reality, this is a textbook case of polar vortex influence on mid-latitude weather and, frankly, the reasoning of these polar vortex doubters is flawed. I'll explain why using three graphics.
Some, including the National Weather Service Weather Prediction Center, have claimed the air mass spilling into the U.S. isn't polar in origin, but rather has its roots from the northeast Pacific.
Link: Weather Service walks away from polar vortex claim (but not chilly forecast)
That's only half right, as the animation below makes abundantly clear:
(WeatherBell.com adapted by CWG)
Two deep pools of cold air at high altitudes – yes, one from the northeast Pacific but also one from high in the Arctic – combined over Canada to generate this cold air outbreak. You can plainly see the evolution of these cold pools, as marked with “x”s above.
To see the polar origins of this air mass even more clearly, consider this graphic showing the air mass trajectory (i.e. where the air is coming from) posted on Slate.com by meteorologist Eric Holthaus.
(NOAA via Slate.com)
The flow of air doesn't get much more polar than this graphic portrays. Furthermore, if it was solely a northeast Pacific air mass affecting the U.S. this week, we would *not* have temperatures 10 to 30 degrees colder than normal (the Pacific ocean isn't that cold!).
So I've demonstrated the air streaming in has some polar origins, but is it from the polar vortex? Absolutely – as this third and final graphic (below) helps illustrate.
Polar vortex animation; over the weekend a piece broke off (WeatherBell.com adapted by CWG)
The graphic is an animation of high altitude (roughly 30,000 feet) winds from the vantage point of the North Pole. The blue streaks circling the North Pole are the strongest winds and represent the proverbial polar vortex. Notice how one of the blue and green streaks – over which I superimposed stars – breaks off over North America. That's effectively a spoke or filament of the polar vortex diving south and transporting this unseasonably chilly weather into the continental U.S.
Don't just take my word for it. Consider Greg Postel, a severe weather expert at The Weather Channel with a Ph.D. in dynamic meteorology from the University of Wisconsin, buys into the polar vortex influence. Consider this Twitter conversation they had with Mashable's Andrew Freedman:
The Weather Channel's Stu Ostro also refers to what's coming our way as a “spoke of the tropospheric circumpolar vortex”.
Some meteorologists may object to the use of the term polar vortex because the vortex is a “planetary-scale” feature the encircles the entire North Pole (the South Pole too) whereas, in reality, it's just pieces of it that's filtering into the U.S rather than the whole thing. But I don't think media references to the vortex intend to imply the whole thing is devouring the Lower 48.
In my view, discussing the polar vortex's significant role in mid-latitude cold air outbreaks is a great way to engage the public in the intriguing dynamics of meteorology. Some critics are being too literal about its definition and/or burying their heads in the sand, blinding themselves from a fascinating weather reality.
In the late summer of 1930 the people of Toronto saw something over the city not many could claim to have seen before. Humming like a giant insect, the dirigible R100 - an airship almost as long as Union Station - circled over the heads of thousands. Work stopped, traffic ground to a halt, and rooftops were packed as everyone strained to glimpse the pride of Great Britain.
It wouldn't stick around long, but the visit of the R100 represented a major milestone for Canada. It was the largest flying machine ever to visit Toronto, and one of the largest aircraft of any type in the world to date. Just months later, however, it was broken up for scrap in the wake of the terrible crash of its sister ship in France.
Toronto had never seen anything like it.
In the mid 1920s Britain was mired in a deep depression. The first world war had taken its financial toll and new technology was needed to kickstart a fresh period of growth. The British Empire was at its height but transport technology still prevented rapid links between its major centres.
It was at this time that dirigibles - large helium or hydrogen airships steered by gasoline engines - began to take shape as a viable means of transportation. The German, French, and Italian armies had used zeppelins as bombers during the war and the colossal vessels had the potential to be long-distance passenger carriers provided they could be operated safely.
1920's airplanes were small, cramped, and capable of only short flights. Dirigibles, by comparison, had the potential to fly for days without stopping for fuel.
With this thought in mind, the UK government launched its Imperial Airship Scheme. Two vessels were to be built, one by a private company and another by the country's own engineers, to similar specifications. They were the R100 and R101, respectively.
The R100 was the first to be finished in Howden, Yorkshire in 1929. The airframe was made of duralumin, an early aluminum alloy, and covered with a giant 5-acre fabric coating stitched together in pieces and stretched into place. Inside the cavernous 146,000 cubic metre shell, 17 gas bags made from oxen intestines provided the all-important buoyancy.
The bags were filled with a combined 500 million cubic feet of ultra-flammable hydrogen. The United States had a monopoly on helium, another lighter-than-air gas, and it wasn't available in the qualitities the UK required for their airship program.
In contradiction to the R100's basic construction, the crew and passenger quarters in the rough centre of the airship were luxuriously appointed. Passengers could expect to enjoy silver service dining in what was really a miniature hotel. On the R101, the sister ship, a former chief flight attendant of the White Star Line's
Olympic ocean liner watched over the comfort of every guest.There were guest rooms with portholes and balconies, a 30-seater dining room, a saloon, a kitchen, a 40-foot wide promenade deck, a lounge, and a grand double staircase all awaiting the green light for full-scale passenger service.
Perhaps most amazingly, the R101 even featured a smoking room despite the massive risk of a catastrophic explosion from even the smallest unconfined fire. Smoking was strictly prohibited on the ship that visited Toronto, however.
The Imperial Airship Scheme's first major test was an Atlantic crossing to be made by the R100. The dirigible was supposed to take its first long-distance trip to India, but concerns over the effects of humidity in the region lead officials to prove their design with a visit to North America.
Naturally, giant hydrogen-filled blimps like the R100 typically didn't fare to well in inclement weather. To help the ship avoid dangerous storms the flight deck was equipped with machines capable of receiving transmissions of the latest weather maps from London. With an estimated top speed of just over 100 km/h, it didn't have the ability to outrun fast-moving weather for long.
To illustrate the maneuvering problems experienced by the pilots, the R101 airship was praised during early trials for dipping its nose in salute to England's King George V midway through a ceremonial flyover, but in fact the engineers were struggling to control the vessel and had to work feverishly to keep the nose level during almost every flight.
The R100 departed for Canada on Monday July 28, 1930, at 9:45 in the evening. It made its way northwest from its hangar at Cardington, England, and passed over the northern tip of Ireland in the early hours of the next morning. 42 engineers, officers, and crew were aboard but only two passengers made the maiden trip.
The first and only stop would be a purpose built tethering mast 12 miles outside of Montreal at St. Hubert, Que. There, 250,000 excited spectators were expected to greet the ship amid a media frenzy. The CBC called in Foster Hewitt, a man famous for their sign-on that still graces the intro to Hockey Night in Canada, to host the live radio broadcast. 200 other writers and photographers were expected to pack the airfield.
In response, 300 soldiers, provincial police, and RCMP officers were called in for crowd control. The commotion was so great that it inspired La Bolduc, a folk singer considered to be one of Quebec's first singer/songwriters, to write "Toujours L'R-100" about the airship's arrival.
It was imperative the R100 be given a wide berth in Montreal, especially as it was difficult to control and had the potential to explode in spectacular and devastating fashion. A strict no-fly zone was established three miles around the airship and authorities on the ground were told to keep crowds strictly behind established barriers until it was safe.
The
Toronto Star called the spectacle "one of the biggest news events in recent years in America."When the R100 docked safely in the early morning of Friday August 1, 1930, the crew were instant celebrities. The mayor of Montreal and other government officials were on hand to greet the Englishmen as they disembarked for the first time after their 5-day voyage. Wing Commander R. B. B. Colmore, a man "who ordinarily smokes 50 cigarettes per day," was finally allowed to light up, though they were reported rather cranky when the press pounced.
The highlight of the trip according to the crew, was a hair-raising moment in an active storm over the St. Lawrence River. The ship rose to try and clear a thunderhead but struck an air pocket and plunged over 2,000 feet "in as many seconds."
"Everybody was holding on to some part of the ship's structure," recalled an anonymous crew member (interviews were officially forbidden.) "There was a rattling of furniture and crockery all over the ship that overruled all other sounds" before it eventually righted itself.
The airship stayed in Quebec for 11 days for press tours and minor repairs. One of the fins at the back of the R100 was damaged as it passed through the storm and there was brief panic when it was reported the ship might not be able to visit Toronto as a result.
During its crossing it had burned more than 9,440 gallons of gasoline.
Then, with its bodywork repaired, the R100 appeared on the horizon east of Toronto "like a vast nocturnal moth" in the early morning hours of Monday August 11 while much of the city was still asleep. The vessel droned overhead, waking many, and headed down to Niagara Falls before turning and returning for a second pass via Hamilton. This time the city was ready.
Citizens packed the rooftops and strained their eyes skyward to catch a glimpse of the behemoth as it approached from the south. Those without access to a high rooftop clambered up water towers, in to trees, and the tops of their homes. One boy had to be rescued by firefighters after becoming trapped on the roof of their family home, the
Star reported.Traffic stopped in the streets and a "mass of humanity" was at the waterfront as the R100 passed over the Toronto Islands. Commander Booth ordered the nose of the craft dipped in salute, apparently intentionally, as it hummed its way back to the centre of the city.
"At one time they held their downward path toward the surface of the lake for so long that the crowd was audibly gasping, thinking the mighty giant had met with engine trouble or other difficulty and was being forced down into the water," one journalist wrote. "As they righted herself, pointed their nose upward, and soared off to the centre of the city a mighty cheer went up."
The Canadian Bank of Commerce, then the tallest building in the British Empire, provided a perfect backdrop to this advert for British crown. On the ship, the crew were close enough to be seen waving to the well-wishers on the ground and in their perches.
"From now on the population will be divided into two classes, those who saw them first by the light o' the moon and those who saw them full flushed by the risen of sun," declared the
Star with just a touch of hyperbole.The R100 safely returned to its base in the United Kingdom but shortly after its arrival its sister ship, crashed and exploded en route to India after being caught in a downdraught at Beauvais Ridge in France, killing 48 of the 54 passengers and crew.
It was the biggest peacetime accident since the sinking of the Titanic. The tragic death of so many promising young engineers and crew shocked the Britain and ultimately lead to the end of the Imperial Airship Scheme. The bodies were buried with full military honours at Cardington and the R100 was broken up for scrap.
It would be decades before any passengers would have the chance to fly across the Atlantic again.
ADVERTS
The R100's visit to Toronto was an ideal occasion for companies to cash in on even the most tenuous association with the airship. Ads for everything from fountain pens to cigarettes and condensed milk ran in the
Toronto Star
and other papers in the days after the visit of the R100. Here are some of the best.
MORE PICTURES:
Inside the airship: the promenade deck.
The lounge room aboard the R100.
Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King (second from left) inspects the R100 at St. Hubert.
The view from the ground of the airship tethered to its mast in the days after its arrival.
Another view of the R100 as it passes over downtown Toronto
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow them on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Image: Public Domain, City of Toronto Archives, /blogTO Flickr pool.
Associated Press - AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - State ethics regulators denied Texas' attorney general their blessing Monday to let political donors pay their criminal defense, a surprise decision that could intensify pressure on the state's top prosecutor.
Republican Ken Paxton could still use wealthy supporters to cover their legal bills connected to felony charges of defrauding investors, but they risk doing so without a key seal-of-approval from the Texas Ethics Commission, which declined to interpret such donations as legal.
Paxton, who says they won't resign despite charges of securities fraud and separate investigation into a profitable land deal, has not said how they are paying for their high-powered defense team.  They are prohibited from using taxpayer dollars and is also barred from tapping their campaign account.
Entirely appointed by state Republican leaders, the ethics board had drafted a lengthy opinion that would have sanctioned Paxton using out-of-state doors but came up a vote shy of approval.
"The opinion invited an indicted, cash-strapped attorney general to put a 'For Sale' sign on their office. At the end of the day, the Ethics Commission simply refused to write an ethical blank check to Ken Paxton," said Craig McDonald, director of the left-leaning watchdog group Texans for Public Justice.
McDonald was the only person to testify to the commission Monday. Their group has long caused trouble for Texas Republicans in the past, most notably former Gov. Rick Perry against whom they filed the original complaint that led to the former 2016 presidential candidate being indicted.
Paxton's office did not immediately return an email seeking comment. Their criminal attorneys have said they were not involved in the ethics matter.
Gov. Greg Abbott and Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick have previously declined to comment over whether they would be OK with Paxton tapping donors to pay for their defense. Neither has publically pressured Paxton since they were indicted in July, but they also haven't enthusiastically come to their defense.
Before the vote, the ethics board appeared troubled that an anonymous person with unknown ties had asked whether giving financial gifts to the attorney general would be legal.
"Bribery is the elephant in the attic," board commissioner Paul Hobby said.
Financial gifts to politicians are generally prohibited, and some board members wondered how giving Paxton permission to take donor dollars would be OK even under their own agency's rules, which are designed to safeguard against corruption and undue influence.
"I was prohibited by policy from buying a Subway sandwich," said commissioner Jim Clancy, recalling a lunch they once had with two prosecutors in the attorney general's office. "I wonder how it's possible that this opinion could not already be prohibited by the attorney generals' own practices if I could not buy someone a $6 sandwich."
By Eddie Samuels
Congregation Beth Jacob led dozens of Toco Hills residents to the DeKalb County police headquarters in Tucker on Wednesday, July 20, not to protest, but to show support for officers about to go on patrol.
The Jewish visit, a response to recent attacks on police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, took place in the meeting room where officers go through their daily roll call.
Get The AJT Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
After the announcements, Rabbi Ilan Feldman briefly spoke to the officers. “We know every minute we're keeping you here is a minute you're not out there keeping us safe,” they said. “We deeply appreciate what you do for us day in and day out; we know that you put yourselves in the line of fire and at risk to keep us safe. We respect and honor everything that you stand for.”
Rabbi Feldman brought cards made by Beth Jacob preschoolers to express their gratitude, as well as lunch.
“It's kosher pizza. We don't know if it tastes better or worse because most of us have never had the other stuff,” Rabbi Feldman joked.
The officers took questions from the visitors, and at the request of AJT columnist Chana Shapiro, newly promoted Sgt. T. Sharpe demonstrated the tools officers carry on duty.
“This event means a lot,” said the precinct commander, Maj. T.S. Voss. “We've always worked well with the Jewish community. A lot of times we get special requests around Jewish holidays for extra patrol, which we try our best to honor. We've been to a number of community events with the local Jewish community, and they have always supported us.”
The roll-call meetings always end with a prayer, and Rabbi Elimelech Gottlieb, the acting head of school at Torah Day School of Atlanta, offered the following prayer from King David: “I will lift up my eyes to the heavens. From where does my salvation come? My salvation comes from the Lord, the Creator of the heaven and the earth. The Lord will stand by your right hand, the Lord will protect you from the dangers of the day and the night, and the Lord will protect your coming and your going, for now and forever.”
“Our goal was just to express appreciation and respect,” Rabbi Feldman said. “We wanted to convey that message to our young people as well. It was surprisingly relaxed and very comfortable. The officers were clearly extremely pleased and made us feel very comfortable in their professional home.
“It felt good to do something positive in a time when there is so little love expressed in public and we need to express love and appreciation for all who serve the community.”
Nick Neidert Named Cal League Pitcher of the Year
MarinersPR Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 22, 2017
Mariners minor leaguer Nick Neidert was named California League Pitcher of the Year on Tuesday. Neidert went 10–3 with 2.76 ERA (32 ER, 104.1 IP) with 109 strikeouts and 17 walks in 19 starts with advanced-A Modesto this season.
Neidert, 20, was promoted to AA Arkansas on July 19. At the time of their promotion, Neidert was tied for the Cal League lead in wins (10) while ranking 2nd in strikeouts (109) and WHIP (1.07), 3rd in ERA (2.76) and T4th in innings pitched (104.1).
The 6-foot-1, 190-pound right-hander was selected by the Mariners in the 2nd round (60th overall) of the 2015 MLB First-Year Player Draft out of Peachtree Ridge (GA) High School. In parts of 3 minor league seasons in the Mariners organization, Neidert has a career record of 18–11 with a 2.87 ERA (81 ER, 254.0 IP) with 214 strikeouts and 44 walks in 55 career starts.
Razer still not saying a word about the 90% discount bug on their site on the 16th.
On the 16th of this month, Razer's Europe store had either a bug or a mistake that meant that entering “1234” as a discount code automatically lowered the cost of one's order by 90%!
As you can imagine, I took part in it wholeheartedly, ordering myself an Orb-weaver and a Tournament keyboard. My girlfriend (who told me about the discount) got a crap ton of stuff as well, as did many of my friends.
However, we are now all in Limbo. Razer has said nothing other than “this was a not a true discount code, and we are looking into it”. It would appear they're refusing to share information with their customers, or just generally keep us informed as to what they're going to do.
Regardless of the economic loss to themselves, Razer is currently in the possession of a large amount of money from a lot of people who partook in this offer, and they're not sending out the items yet. This means that they've taken the money from out Pay-pals, they've made all the items not already shipped before the error was discovered on backlog, and have closed their site.
They are, essentially, withholding our money from us. I am not sure of the legal ramifications of this, as we have paid, and many have recieved confirmation of their order.
In looking at their terms and conditions, simply clicking “Place Order” is not a confirmation of sale legally; to be a true promise of sale, one needs to have their order confirmed. One of my order was confirmed, as was the first order of my girlfriend's, but our other orders still remain in limbo. Taking their terms and conditions into account, this should feasibly mean that the confirmed orders have to go through.
But, we don't know. Either they're frantically speaking to their lawyers trying to find a way out of this, or they're simply withholding information for whatever reason. It'd sure help restore satisfaction and trust in the company if they would say something though.
It sure would help to let us know something.
Advertisements
Buy Photo The Michigan House passed legislation aimed at cutting back on lengthy school expulsions and suspensions. (Photo: Salwan Georges Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
For years, we have viewed charter schools as political footballs, as answers to a policy question that requires taking one side or the other.
Let's deal with why we choose sides: It is because we refuse to call charters what they are: private businesses that discriminate. With our tax dollars. And we — voters, parents and elected officials — allow it.
The arguments for and against the proliferation of charters in Detroit continue as the city attempts to create a new education system while facing the toughest challenge in the state. In 2014, DPS had 52,500 students with 8,800 — or 16.7% — getting special education, according to the state. Last fall, the district had 45,786 students, with 8,733, or 19%, getting special education, according to DPS.
DPS has 97 schools, serving fewer than 46,000 students. Detroit has 63 charters serving 36,000 students, a small, unknown number of them receiving special education services, according to the state Department of Education and other sources. (Some of those students don't live in Detroit, so that number is to estimate capacity only.)
Charters are supposed to teach children with special needs, but many contend they don't have the resources. They get our tax dollars, anyway.
I don't have a problem with charter schools. Charter schools do compete with public schools, but competition is American and as as much a part of our economy as any other industry borne of capitalism and need.
I don't have a problem with choice. I cherish it. I just believe every parent should have it.
But some parents don't.
Just ask Michelle Fecteau of Detroit.  They are a member of the State Board of Education. But more importantly, they and their husband have raised 18 children, from birth, from foster care, by adoption. Five had special needs ranging from autism and hearing impairment to cognitive impairment and lead poisoning. And Fecteau's second full-time job — besides being a labor representative at Wayne State University — was making sure they were educated.
"We've been dealing with the school system here for 25 years," they said of themselves and their husband, a special education teacher. "In Detroit, one of the most glaring problems is that there are not enough special ed teachers and services and funds to provide those services. When you talk about choice ... we were desperate to find alternatives for our oldest son (who is autistic and now 26). At the end of the first day of kindergarten at a public magnet school that kids had to apply to get into, they said 'Don't bring them back tomorrow.' We fought, but eventually took them out. We called 35 charter schools, and every one said no. We didn't know what to do. That was our introduction to choice. Nobody wanted him."
No parent should have to search for a way to educate their children — not according to Michigan's Constitution.
We cannot allow any more parents to watch a stellar charter school open down the street from their home and see their children rejected. Of course the school has high test scores. It is not providing resources for many children who might lower the scores.
So the answer is simple: Any charter that does not have services, real services, for students with special needs must also refuse to accept tax dollars.
That is fair. That is what makes a public school a public school.
And when charters no longer discriminate, then opponents of choice will no longer have an argument to fight them.
Contact Rochelle Riley: rriley99@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @rochelleriley for updates on the #FlintWaterCrisis and the Detroit Public Schools.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1S3gORj
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A key Democratic lawmaker called Tuesday for the resignation of American International Group's CEO after the troubled insurer held a financial planners conference last week at a posh Arizona resort.
Edward Liddy, AIG chief executive, said the conference educated external financial planners.
The company responded that the event cost AIG very little and was aimed at boosting income.
AIG had come under sharp criticism for sending executives on a lavish English partridge hunt and a weeklong retreat at a California resort after accepting an $85 billion bailout -- since grown to $150 billion -- from the federal government in September.
"These guys, they don't get it," Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Maryland, said on CNN's "American Morning."
"They came to us basically saying 'we are on the critical list, and we need a respirator,' and we bail them out, and the next thing we know, we turn around and they are going out partying and spending the taxpayers' dollars. And it's kind of -- it's very upsetting." Watch Cummings criticize AIG »
Cummings, a senior member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, called for the resignation of AIG CEO Edward Liddy, who joined the company only a few weeks ago as part of the bailout plan.
But Liddy told CNN's Larry King later Tuesday that the conference was legitimate, stressing it was an event not for AIG employees, but for 150 outside financial planners wanting to learn about AIG's products.
And AIG has said that although the event cost $343,000, AIG had to pay only $23,000 of it. Watch Liddy explain event's purpose »
"Ninety percent of [the conference] was paid for by the participants who were there and our partners at this conference," Liddy told King.
Liddy said AIG was "tightening the belt" and has cut more than 160 conferences or other events in the past seven weeks. But they said some training events for external financial planners are needed "so they understand the product, all of its features, and they know what to sell to whom."
"We don't want a variable annuity sold to a 85-year-old widow," Liddy said.
Liddy said the company will pay off the $150 billion government loan plus interest. Watch Liddy say AIG will pay back the loan »
"We appreciate what the taxpayer and the federal government has done for us. ... We intend to pay back every penny we've borrowed," Liddy said.
Earlier, AIG spokesperson Nicholas Ashooh also defended the conference, saying Cummings was "responding to an incomplete picture."
"This was a legit meeting. It was really for independent advisers at very little cost to AIG." Watch AIG's CEO explain the retreat at a Arizona resort »
Ashooh also said AIG canceled a speech by former NFL quarterback Terry Bradshaw at the conference.
The conference, Ashooh said, was one "that any insurance company has to do" and not a "junket for AIG top executives."
Phoenix TV station KNXV, a CNN affiliate, reported that AIG tried to keep its connection to the 2008 Asset Management Conference a secret by ensuring that no AIG logos were on the property.
Undercover footage shot by KNXV shows top AIG executives, including Larry Roth, president and CEO of AIG Advisor Group, sitting poolside and drinking coffee while conference-goers attended meetings. Another executive -- Art Tambaro, head of AIG subsidiary Royal Alliance -- stayed in one of the resort's two-story villas.
The footage also shows a few executives being shuttled in a luxury Lincoln Town Car one night and enjoying dinner and drinks at a McCormick & Schmick's seafood restaurant, where they spent more than $400, KNXV reported.
Ashooh insisted that the conference was legitimate.
"We've certainly done some things in the past that have been worthy of criticism, but this one's really been mischaracterized," they said.
Ashooh said AIG indeed tried to keep the event low-profile "because everything has been subject to so much criticism."
"But it wasn't an effort to disguise it. It was an effort to minimize costs and to keep the profile down, because we don't even want to do anything that would even be perceived as expensive," they said.
The U.S. government agreed to an $85 billion loan in September to stave off AIG's immediate collapse. On Monday, the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department modified the original loan into a $150 billion deal with a lower interest rate and used another $40 billion to buy preferred stock.
The dealings have left the federal government owning 80 percent of AIG.
But AIG ran into criticism almost from the start. There was a $440,000 retreat at St. Regis Resort in Monarch Beach, California, and an $86,000 partridge hunt at an English manor. Last week's conference was held at the Hilton Squaw Peak Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona.
Under an agreement with New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, the company agreed to freeze $19 million in payments to its former CEO, Martin Sullivan, and block distributions from a $600 million deferred compensation and bonus pool for the company's financial products subsidiary. The company also withheld a $10 million severance payment to its former chief financial officer.
Sullivan was replaced in June by Robert Willumstad, who in turn was replaced by Liddy as part of the bailout. Willumstad voluntarily gave up a $22 million severance package.
AIG reported a $24.5 billion loss in the third quarter.
All About American International Group Inc. • U.S. Federal Reserve • U.S. Department of the Treasury
Bitcoin may be a mystery to most consumers, but the virtual currency with no government backing is starting to look … conventional.
The world's first bitcoin ATM processed more than $1 million last month, bitcoin broker Jackson Warren told The Washington Post.
Customers approach the machine in a Vancouver, Canada coffee shop the way the apes approached that monolith in “2001: A Space Odyssey,” the Post's Dan Zak writes.
“Though drab and utilitarian, the machine projects an aura of the future, or maybe of suspicion, depending on one's comfort with technology,” Zak writes.
Warren and their partners have plans to install more bitcoin ATMs in Canada, Hong Kong and Brazil this month, and another broker has plans to put ATMs in New York. The machines accept conventional currency and credit the user with bitcoins scanned onto a smartphone, or turn the credits into conventional currency.
Introduced online in 2009, the currency has scared off many consumers because of a volatile exchange rate and lack of regulation. As of mid-morning today, one bitcoin was valued at about $792.
READ THE POST'S FEATURE ON THE DEBUT OF BITCOIN ATMS
One of the most stunning moves of the NFL offseason was the Colts' decision to keep head coach Chuck Pagano and sign them to a four-year contract extension.
All season long, the signs had been growing increasingly clear that Pagano was almost certainly on the way out in Indianapolis, especially as the Colts finished 8-8 and missed the playoffs. The topic of the Colts' decision to keep Pagano has been widely discussed, as owner Jim Irsay acknowledged that they made Pagano and general manager Ryan Grigson sit down and work things out before their extensions. Irsay also admitted that they didn't even know for sure how Black Monday was going to turn out entering that day.
Though the topic has been frequently discussed, FOX Sports' Jay Glazer had some interesting comments and insights to add to the situation. Talking with Bill Simmons recently on a podcast, Glazer talked about a time they were wrong - which they pointed to as the Pagano situation. But though Glazer was wrong in thinking that Pagano would be fired (just like everyone else), they had some interesting comments to add to the discussion and to their reasoning for thinking what they did.
"Yeah, things changed," Glazer said of the Pagano situation. "Not only that, they were going to get rid of the guy the year before if they didn't beat the Broncos in that playoff game, they were going to get rid of them the year before. And then in the offseason, they gave them a one-year extension offer as the lowest-paid head coach in the league. So that's where this information was coming from, plus when you go there to camp it's easy - the GM is just all over them and Chuck is like, 'I can't believe you're doing this shit.' Every player in there is like, 'dude, this is ridiculous.' And then as the season went on, you heard more and more, and when the season ended, still they knew they were gone. You always try and help your friends out behind the scenes to see what could be avaialble and what not and where you could help guys out, and I try to somewhat be like a temp agency, if you will. And it was a foregone conclusion [that Pagano would be fired]. And then all of the sudden Irsay said, because the players are like, 'we want him,' and [Irsay] made them sit down and hash it out and gave them an extension like they should have, but I ended up being wrong."
There are two things in particular that stand out from Glazer's comments, and they both kind of go together to raise a bigger point. Firstly, Glazer reports that the Colts would have fired Chuck Pagano had the team lost to the Broncos in the playoffs last year. I'm never a fan of making a decision on a head coach based on the result of one playoff game, but that doesn't mean that Jim Irsay wouldn't have done it - or at least considered it. The game is undoubtedly the biggest win of the Chuck Pagano era so far, and if the team really had fired them for a loss, it makes the win even bigger. Whether or not you believe the report that the Colts would have fired Pagano had they lost that game, however, the picture is very clear: the Colts weren't sold on Pagano at all entering the 2015 season. That becomes even clearer in light of the second thing that stands out in Glazer's report, that the Colts's one-year contract extension offered to Pagano last offseason would have made them the lowest-paid head coach in the league. There's no way you can blame Pagano for turning that extension down like they did if that's really the case, as they deserved more than becoming the lowest-paid coach in the NFL. They went 33-15 in their first three years with the Colts and made three playoff berths, and was coming off of an AFC Championship game appearance - meaning you can't just offer them a small deal to make them the lowest-paid coach and expect them to take it. Whether you think Pagano is a good coach or not, I think most would agree that they were right in not accepting that deal.
This report continues to paint the picture of a mess of a season in Indianapolis last year, but it also poses this question that we've been asking for a while: what changed? If Jim Irsay was going to fire Pagano had the team lost in the divisional round last year and if Jim Irsay offered Pagano only a one-year extension worth less than the salary of any coach in the league, they what changed to lead to them offering Pagano a four-year extension this offseason? The Colts' 8-8 season wasn't a good one, and while Pagano and their staff deserved credit for keeping the team competitive without Andrew Luck, that surely couldn't have swayed Irsay's opinion that much, right? Perhaps it did, or perhaps the players' outspoken and unwavering support for Pagano got Irsay's attention, but regardless, I think Glazer's recent comments really further add to the question of what changed for Irsay to go from being totally and completely unsold on Pagano to making a firm commitment to Pagano as their head coach. I'm not sure we'll get the answer to that, but this report does make it even clearer to see how much of a mess things were last year. Hopefully, with Irsay now having made that commitment to Pagano and with the coach now having some semblance of job security, things will go much better this season.
There's a new iPhone, which means there's a new iPhone hubbub. The latest one, though, is even more overblown than usual, so let's get this out of the way: Your iPhone's processor is fine, no matter who made it.
If you have no idea what we're talking about, congratulations. You've managed to avoid this year's kerfuffle altogether. It's worth catching up on, though, if only as an object lesson in how quickly hysterics can mount when you're talking about the iPhone.
So what's the brouhaha all about, you ask? Well, Apple tapped two different partners to manufacture the A9 processor that is the brain of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The horror! What's more, those vendors used different manufacturing processes, resulting in an A9 from TSMC that is ever so slightly bigger than the A9 from Samsung.
As you might expect, the Internet has gone absolutely bananas over this. A handful of anonymous forum members recently reported that iPhone 6S and 6S Plus handsets with Samsung inside have shown significantly worse battery life when running Geekbench, a popular processor benchmarking app. The fracas quickly moved beyond Apple forums and Reddit comments, spreading like a contagion from obscure tech blogs through the interwebs to esteemed generalist publications like The Guardian. The takeaway seems to be that there are “good” iPhones and “bad” iPhones.
There are almost certainly only good iPhones. Or rather, if there are bad iPhones, it's not because of this.
Two Chips Diverged
Let's go back to the source(s). Why would Apple lean on different suppliers for the same component in the first place? If only Samsung or only TMSC provided the A9, none of this would have become an issue. Although it's common for handset makers to rely on multiple sources for things like memory and storage, it's unusual to see them use a system-on-chip from different manufacturers, says Patrick Moorhead, president and founder of Moor Insights & Strategy.
“The reason is that each ‘fab,' or chip factory, has different characteristics which could influence power draw and thermals,” they say.
In other words, it's almost inevitable that A9s from different sources will show different battery life and thermal characteristics. And that inevitability may well be what sent people hunting for discrepancies to begin with. So why would Apple expose itself to that kind of scrutiny? Probably because it was better than the alternative.
“For Apple the use of multiple suppliers is like an insurance policy,” says Richard Fichera, principal analyst at Forrester Research. “If one of the designs should turn out to have flaws or be late, Apple has an allocation and shortage situation as opposed to a ‘We can't ship product, our revenues tank for the quarter and our stock drops 25 percent' kind of problem.”
Other smartphone manufacturers don't see this issue because they aren't moving the number of phones Apple is. Apple sold 13 million new iPhones in the first weekend; even the gaudiest projections for Samsung's flagship Galaxy S6 topped out at 50 million units for the entire year. The kind of volume simply is too big to entrust to one supplier.
Using multiple vendors makes variability inevitable. But that does not mean Apple would let the performance of a key component of its flagship product be as random as pulling tiles from a Scrabble bag. As Anandtech explains, any chip manufacturing process—even within the same fab—will result in a range of performance, just as not every cookie baked from the same recipe will be exactly the same. By defining minimum tolerances, though, a customer like Apple can establish an acceptable range of performance. The chips that don't live up to those minimums don't make it into the devices. Those that do can still perform differently.
“This can only be reliably tested on a device, but if all else were equal, I could see single percentage points difference between Samsung and TSMC,” says Moorhead. Even testing on a single device, though, wouldn't be enough, since a single system on chip doesn't speak for all of them. You would need to test many, many devices to be sure of any significant differences.
Fortunately, someone has done just that: Apple.
The Only Difference
It's atypical for Apple to comment on situations like these, but in this case the company spoke up. In a statement to TechCrunch, it said:
“With the Apple-designed A9 chip in your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus, you are getting the most advanced smartphone chip in the world. Every chip we ship meets Apple's highest standards for providing incredible performance and deliver great battery life, regardless of iPhone 6s capacity, color, or model. Certain manufactured lab tests which run the processors with a continuous heavy workload until the battery depletes are not representative of real-world usage, since they spend an unrealistic amount of time at the highest CPU performance state. It's a misleading way to measure real-world battery life. Our testing and customer data show the actual battery life of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, even taking into account variable component differences, vary within just 2-3% of each other.”
That first paragraph doesn't help much, unless you're on Apple's marketing team. The second, though, says quite a bit. Apple is arguing that even if GeekBench shows a wide performance gap, that has little to no bearing on real-world usage. Apple is correct.
GeekBench is plenty helpful, but it's typically used to measure processor performance, not battery life (though the two are obviously associated). As such, it works by putting more sustained strain on the SoC than you would in an average day of web browsing, app refreshing, and Candy Crushing. That can make small differences in performance appear much larger when extrapolated out over an eight hour battery life.
There's an exception to this. People who game intensively for hours on end will push their CPUs harder than an average user, in which case those hypothetical differences may become noticeable. Even then, though, it doesn't appear that anyone has actually shared an example of it happening in real life. It's all just anonymized software estimates. And even if someone did show real-world variance, it's impossible to know whether it's that specific chip, or the fab it came from. We're right back where we started.
The only way to know what kind of real-world performance the iPhone puts out in the aggregate is to collect that data from a huge quantity of units, and the only company that's done so is Apple (thanks to the “Diagnostics & Usage Data” it collects from those who opt in) and Apple's on record that the differences are negligible. Frankly, there's not much further to take this.
The best advice is to simply assume you have a TMSC iPhone and go on to live a full and happy life. If you simply must know which A9 you have, download Lirum Device Info Lite from the App Store (yes, it was gone, and now it's back), and look to where it says Model. Here's how to decode the results:
N71AP: Samsung 6S
N71MAP: TSMC 6S
N66AP: Samsung 6S
<>N66MAP: Samsung 6S Plus
Unless you find your iPhone dying halfway through your lunch break, though, don't sweat it. Yes, the battery might crap out 2 or 3 percent sooner than the battery in the 6S held by the person sitting next to you. But that's not a noticeable difference. “Actually,” volunteers Forrester's Fichera, “I think getting two manufacturers within 2 to 3 percent is pretty good.”
There you have it: The Apple “gate” that wasn't.
Looks to Korean model of piracy crackdowns leading to box office takings growth
Village Roadshow will this month launch Federal Court action to block up to 40 piracy-linked websites sites, the company revealed today.
The unnamed targets constitute approximately 90 per cent of the flow of illegal downloads, Village said in its half year results report this morning.
The company also outlined a five-point programme to tackle piracy, which it said had been detrimental to its cinema exhibition and film distribution businesses.
In December, the Federal Court handed down the first website blocking injunctions under Australian anti-piracy laws. The ruling compelled major ISPs to block their customers from accessing a number of sites linked to online piracy.
Village (leading a group of movie studios that included Disney, Twentieth Century Fox, Universal, Warner Bros and Paramount) and Foxtel backed two applications for injunction, seeking to block a number of streaming and BitTorrent sites.
A separate site-blocking application has been launched by the music industry seeking to have Telstra, Optus, TPG and Foxtel's broadband arm block access to Kickass Torrents.
Village said that it had seen a “dramatic reduction in downloads” following the blocking of The Pirate Bay.
Korean inspiration
Site blocking is the first stage of a five point program, which Village outlined this morning. The company will work on “Google take-downs and site ranking demotions” and a “major PR campaign”, it said. “Availability of legal product” and “suing infringers” would follow.
Village said it was aiming for a similar outcome to that witnessed in Korea, which has taken similar measure in recent years.
Join the newsletter! Join Or Sign in with LinkedIn
Sign in with LinkedIn Sign in with Facebook Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Membership is free, and your security and privacy remain protected. View our privacy policy before signing up. Error: Please check your email address.
Piracy in Korea had fallen by nearly 90 per cent since 2008, according to the country's Copyright Commission. The fall corresponded with huge growth in cinema box office revenue and internet television and over-the-top content revenues, Village claimed.
Story highlights Passengers suing Carnival recount ill-fated Triumph cruise
A federal judge has already ruled Carnival liable and responsible for fire
Yet the cruise line is not responsible for providing a safe voyage
Lawyers are already arguing over how much compensation is due
One year after the Carnival Triumph cruise ship caught fire and lost power in the Gulf of Mexico, stranding frightened passengers in filth and misery for days, thinking about the ill-fated voyage can make Kimberly Northom Townsend break down and cry.
That's what happened in the middle of their testimony before a U.S. federal judge in Miami last week, during the first civil trial about the February 2013 voyage.
Townsend, a 54-year-old mother of two and grandmother of three, was one of 31 passengers who are plaintiffs in a lawsuit against Carnival, alleging the company's responsibility for the ill-fated voyage.
They had just finished testifying in graphic detail what it was like on the ship as it sat disabled for days in the Gulf. Terrified passengers huddled on decks worried about their safety, they said, with foul toilets overflowing into hallways, no power, near-total darkness, long lines for rationed water and almost no food.
Townsend described how they finally reached their mother on the phone when the broken ship got towed into Mobile, Alabama, days late from what was supposed to have been the vacation of a lifetime. They told the court they begged their mother to come get them immediately. And as they spoke, their voice trailed away, they looked down, and began sobbing in the witness chair.
JUST WATCHED First passengers exit Triumph Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH First passengers exit Triumph 02:15
JUST WATCHED Passengers file suit against Carnival Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Passengers file suit against Carnival 01:54
Townsend was one of numerous Carnival Triumph passengers who testified, sometimes crying, about the conditions on the boat and how they still suffer one year later.
Who got injured and how much is it worth?
The trial is expected to continue for several weeks, with lawyers for passengers suing Carnival Corp. and lawyers for the cruise line arguing over whether, and to what degree, passengers got injured, if they remain hurt and how much Carnival should pay for those damages.
But while testimony has finished only its first week, the legal case has already brought some unusual and significant rulings from the judge, U.S. District Judge Donald Graham.
JUST WATCHED Fuel leak sparked cruise ship fire Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fuel leak sparked cruise ship fire 02:37
Before testimony began, Graham ruled Carnival is liable and responsible for the fire on board the Triumph because of negligence on the part of the company. The judge agreed with the plaintiffs, who argued a presumption of liability based upon an older common law idea of negligence. Going back to the Romans, the Latin doctrine of "res ipsa loquitur" means roughly "the thing speaks for itself."
The judge's ruling is sweeping and unusual in a major cruise ship disaster, with larger possible implications for future cruises and passengers.
"The Court finds that the record evidence demonstrates that the fire and resulting conditions experienced by Plaintiffs aboard the Triumph is a mishap that ordinarily does not occur in the absence of negligence," wrote Graham. "It is highly likely that Carnival was responsible for a reasonably probable causes to which the accident could have been (sic) attributed. Here, the facts of the occurrence warrant the inference of negligence."
Passengers not promised a safe voyage
But Graham also ruled that the company did not breach its contract with passengers, agreeing with Carnival's argument that when passengers bought a ticket, they were never promised a safe voyage at all, which may come as a big surprise to future cruise passengers.
"The contract ticket makes no express guarantee for safe passage, a seaworthy vessel, adequate and wholesome food, and sanitary and safe living conditions," wrote Graham. The ruling reflects the little protections afforded to passengers as currently written by many cruise ship companies.
Graham also ruled that Carnival does not have to pay punitive damages to plaintiffs who say they were hurt and are seeking financial compensation.
"Carnival contends that there is no evidence of intentional wrongdoing," Graham wrote. "Plaintiffs have failed to demonstrate and the record evidence does not support a finding of intentional misconduct."
Next on the agenda: Graham must determine which passengers were injured, how much Carnival must pay for those injuries and how long the company must pay. Testimony from passengers is expected to continue for at least another week.
Many passengers have already testified to injuries they sustained during the cruise, though few are physical in nature.
'I got mentally injured'
"I did not get physically injured. I got mentally injured," testified Jean Cripps, a 74-year-old grandmother who suffers from Parkinson's disease. They went on the cruise with their husband, Alton, who has diabetes and a hurt leg that forced them to retire disabled. The elderly couple was on the cruise as a present from their son, David, and grandson, Easton, who went with them.
"It never ends, the whole experience never ends," testified Cripps. "It's over and over again. We had two good days," they said, referring to the first days of the cruise.
"But that's not what I think about. I think about the smell, the stench and the bad things. All the memories come flooding back, and I can't stop them."
Among the worst memories, Cripps testified, was the fear that the ship, which listed severely after the fire, would actually turn over and sink.
Alton had to go several days without their diabetes medicine and was forced to climb numerous flights of often slippery stairs with their bad leg, causing them to fall once.
"It was a horrible experience," testified Michelle Key, 48, who went on the cruise with their mother, Fleda Key, 68. "I walked through water and feces and urine, no telling what else," they testified. "We would slip and slide through greasy, gross, slippery muck," they said, adding "it was very difficult" for their mother.
Fleda Key described having terrible diarrhea on numerous occasions and having difficulty finding any toilets that were not overflowing.
Fear of dying before reaching shore
"There was lots of urine and feces all the way up to the rim of every one," they said, explaining they "choked away the smell." Like many of the witnesses, they testified that they lived for days in total fear that they might not finish the voyage alive. "I was fearful, downright afraid and scared," said Fleda Key.
Them daughter, like many of those testifying, said the cruise ship company kept them in the dark, with no information about what was truly happening, and did not care for them properly.
"Carnival Cruise did not give one flip about the ... passengers on that ship," Michelle Key testified. "They did not do their best."
When asked by Graham what Carnival should have done, they responded, "If they knew something was wrong, they should never have left the dock."
Michelle Key may have been referring to the company's internal documents that became public through this lawsuit in December and obtained exclusively by CNN.
The documents revealed the fiasco on board the Carnival Triumph was a problem waiting to happen. Internal company documents show that the crew of the Triumph set sail in February with only four of six generators fully operational, knowing that the company had an ongoing generator fire hazard in ships across its fleet, including the Triumph.
A Triumph generator was overdue for maintenance
The first trouble with Triumph was in diesel generator No. 6 -- the one that wound up catching fire. Starting more than a year before the cruise, that generator was overdue for maintenance and often not in compliance with the safety laws of the sea, known as SOLAS, according to the ship's engineer.
Over and over again, Carnival's own maintenance reports stated the same thing: Diesel generator No. 6 was overdue for maintenance. The company says the fire that originated with the generator was not connected to the lack of maintenance. But, during that same period, Carnival learned about another, even more alarming safety problem in the engine room: fuel lines.
A dangerous pattern of leaks had emerged on other Carnival cruise ships, according to the company's documents. In fact, Carnival's Costa Allegra caught fire in the Indian Ocean in February 2012 because fuel leaked onto a hot spot and ignited. That fire left the ship without power for three days in tropical heat of nearly 100 degrees Fahrenheit.
That would be eerily similar to what started the fire on board the Triumph one year later.
Carnival says it proactively began investigating after the Costa Allegra fire and found a big problem in a different type of fuel line. There had been nine incidents resulting in fuel leaks associated with flexible fuel lines in just two years.
On January 2, Carnival issued a compliance order, giving ships two months to address the problem to "ensure a suitable spray shield ... is installed" for all diesel engines using the flexible fuel lines. "After that internal study, the company came out with a new policy to, again, shield all the flanges and the hoses," said Mark Jackson, Carnival Cruise Lines vice president of technical operations.
What went wrong on the 'poop' cruise?
But Carnival did not in fact shield the part of the one hose that wound up causing the fire on board the Triumph in February.
"That hose was beneath the deck plates, and it was believed the deck plates would provide that shield," Jackson said. "In this case, it (the fuel leak) found that gap in the hose ... in the bilge plates and caused the fire."
On February 7 -- with a diesel generator still in need of overhaul and fuel line shields on some, but not all, of its flexible hoses -- Triumph set sail from Galveston, Texas. Three days later, off the coast of Mexico, a fire broke out in diesel generator No. 6 when fuel sprayed from a flexible fuel line, even though that fuel line was only 6 months old.
Speaking about the ship, Jackson said: "We were totally in compliance ... with all the rules and regulations. ... We had ... our regulating bodies on board the ship less than two weeks prior that had certified the ship to sail. Obviously, you learn things in a situation, in an incident such as the Triumph."
While Carnival Cruise Lines insists that what happened on the Triumph was just an accident, the company has dedicated $300 million in a fleetwide safety upgrade, focusing on detecting and preventing any potential fire hazards in its engine rooms.
Attorneys for both sides declined to speak about the case during the trial but their opening statements provide some clues about their respective strategies.
Asking for compensation of $1 million
In their opening statement, plaintiffs' attorney Frank Spagnoletti of Houston told the court, "There's documented evidence with regard to any number of plaintiffs that show that they were physically injured, and there is ample documented evidence that shows that all of the plaintiffs were injured mentally because of the way they were exposed to this."
When pressed for details on compensation, Spagnoletti told the court that passengers should receive anywhere from $30,000 to $1 million, depending on the severity of their injuries.
"What happened on the Triumph "is certainly not something that Carnival would ever want to have happened and would ever want its guests to experience," said Miami attorney Curtis Mase, representing Carnival. But they also told Judge Graham that many of the plaintiffs alleging various injuries have never sought medical treatment for their injuries and do not deserve compensation.
"I think that there's no one who I would suggest to you is entitled to receive more than $50,000, and I'm going to suggest probably lower numbers after we've heard all the evidence," Mase told the court.
"There are a number who I believe deserve nothing. And I will tell you this, the one or two that I can think of who have significant injuries, they're very much in the minority and there are only one or two."
Story highlights Japanese Prime Minister says Japan must never wage war again
Past visits by Japanese leaders have ignited a firestorm of controversy
Yasukuni Shrine includes 14 criminals from World War II
The site was built in 1869
A 30-minute visit by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to a controversial shrine that includes the names of convicted war criminals ignited a predictable firestorm of criticism and condemnation Thursday from Japan's neighbors.
The Yasukuni Shrine is regarded by China, North Korea and South Korea as a symbol of Japan's imperial military past. All three countries suffered under Japan's military aggression in World War II. Millions of Chinese civilians and soldiers, and hundreds of thousands of Koreans, died.
So, each time a top Japanese official has visited, the countries have protested -- saying the visits honor war criminals and deny Japan's atrocities in Asia.
Not so, said Abe on Thursday. They wanted to pray for the souls of the war dead, not honor war criminals, they said.
"I have renewed my determination before the souls of the war dead to firmly uphold the pledge never to wage a war again," they said.
JUST WATCHED Japan's PM visits controversial shrine Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Japan's PM visits controversial shrine 04:26
There are more than 2.4 million names enshrined at Yasukuni. But among them are 14 who were found guilty of war crimes by a military tribunal in Tokyo in 1945.
Abe's visit came exactly a year after they took office, during which time they have received the cold shoulder from both Chinese President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Park Geun-hye during regional conferences.
It also comes at a time when Japan and China have ratcheted up rhetoric over the ownership of a set of disputed islands in the East China Sea known as the Diaoyu islands in China and the Senkakus in Japan.
Japan and South Korea also have had their own territorial disputes.
Perhaps to preempt the outrage over their visit, Abe struck a conciliatory tone afterward.
"It is not my intention at all to hurt the feelings of the Chinese and Korean people," they said. "It is my wish to respect each other's character, protect freedom and democracy, and build friendship with China and Korea with respect, as did all the previous Prime Minsiters who visited the Yasukuni Shrine."
It was too little too late.
Immediate outrage
The Chinese foreign ministry immediately issued a tersely worded statement, saying Beijing "expresses the strongest indignation for this act, which heavily offends the Chinese people and people of other Asian countries that were victims of WWII."
"Honoring the shrine is, in its essence, embellishing and falsely beautifying Japan's military invasion and colonization."
Speaking at a press conference, South Korean Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism said that they cannot help but deplore and express anger and urged Japan to stop "beautifying" its invasion.
The U.S. Embassy in Tokyo said it was disappointed by the visit.
"Japan is a valued ally and friend," the embassy said. "Nevertheless, the United States is disappointed that Japan's leadership has taken an action that will exacerbate tensions with Japan's neighbors."
"Trampling on the neighbors' sensitivities about their shared past also limits room for managing territorial disputes involving both countries or making headway on a range of other pressing issues," they said.
A matter of perspective?
In their statement after the visit, Abe acknowledged that such visits have become a political and diplomatic issue.
But should they be? Depends on the perspective, says J. Berkshire Miller , a fellow on Japan at the Center for Strategic and International Studies Pacific Forum.
The Yasukuni shrine remembers Japan's war dead not just from World War II, but also its war against Imperial Germany during World War I and the Satsuma rebellion in the 19th century.
In October, several officials, including Abe's brother -- senior vice foreign minister Nobuo Kishi -- visited the shrine, according to Kyodo News. The visits were part of an autumn festival and included 159 members of the Diet, Japan's national legislature.
The Prime Minister refrained from visiting the shrine then, but sent an offering.
The lawmakers insisted the visits have been misrepresented by the foreign media and that the shrine is where Japanese visitors go to "pray for peace."
The site, built in 1869, enshrines those who "devoted their lives to their country," the group said at the time.
"The problem for Japan," says Miller, "is that none of this matters to many of its critics."
(CNN) When it comes to making sense of President Donald Trump's public statements, especially their tweets, the first rule is to not think too hard. Trump is not operating out of a secret genius playbook. There is no game theory reasoning in effect here.
So when Trump, silent for so long on Roy Moore, piped up late Thursday to attack Minnesota Sen. Al Franken over revelations of sexual misconduct, the simplest explanation was this: They wanted attention.
Good, bad, whatever; the tweets guaranteed that we would be talking -- and here, writing -- about the President. After nearly 10 months in office, most every day of it in the headlines, there was a possibility that, on Friday, Trump might wake up to find their name a secondary concern. And that, it seems, was too much to bear. (No, it didn't hurt that Franken is a Democrat.)
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do their hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 while they sleep? ..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 17, 2017
.And to think that just last week they were lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 17, 2017
That the tweets would inevitably rekindle chatter about their own history -- the Access Hollywood tape, in which they speak at length about sexually assaulting women, and the unresolved allegations made against them during the campaign, to name a few -- was an afterthought.
Not that Trump hadn't thought about this before. It's been more than a week since Moore's accusers first spoke out and turned the Alabama Senate race on its ear. The now-familiar charges against the Republican nominee: molesting a 14-year-old; "dating" teenagers; and the sexual assault of a 16-year-old in their car.
Read More
I remember too the end of the last decade and the beginning of the present, current one. By then I was 35. We were building the best oil company in Russia. We were putting up sports complexes and cultural centers, laying roads, and resurveying and developing dozens of new fields; we started development of the East Siberian reserves and were introducing new technologies. In short, we were doing all those things that Rosneft, which has taken possession of Yukos, is so proud of today.
Thanks to a significant increase in oil production, including as the result of our successes, the country was able to take advantage of a favorable oil situation. We felt hope that the period of convulsions and unrest was behind us at last, and that, in the conditions of stability that had been achieved with great effort and sacrifice, we would be able to peacefully build ourselves a new life, a great country.
Alas, this hope too has yet to be justified. Stability has come to look like stagnation. Society has stopped in its tracks. Although hope still lives. It lives on even here, in the Khamovnichesky courtroom, when I am already just this side of 50 years old.
With the coming of a new President (and more than two years have already passed since that time), hope appeared once again for many of my fellow citizens too. Hope that Russia would yet become a modern country with a developed civil society. Free from the arbitrary behavior of officials, free from corruption, free from unfairness and lawlessness.
It is clear that this can not happen all by itself, or in one day. But to pretend that we are developing, while in actuality, we are merely standing in one place or sliding backwards, even if it is behind the cloak of noble conservatism, is no longer possible.
Impossible and simply dangerous for the country.
It is not possible to reconcile oneself with the notion that people who call themselves patriots so tenaciously resist any change that impacts their feeding trough or ability to get away with anything. It is enough to recall art. 108 of the Code of Criminal Procedure of the Russian Federation arresting business people for filing of tax returns by bureaucrats.
And yet it is precisely the sabotage of reforms that is depriving our country of prospects.
This is not patriotism, but rather hypocrisy.
I am ashamed to see how certain persons in the past, respected by me are attempting to justify unchecked bureaucratic behavior and lawlessness. They exchange their reputation for a life of ease, privileges and sops.
Luckily, not all are like that, and there are ever more of the other kind.
It makes me proud to know that even after 7 years of persecutions, not a single one of the thousands of YUKOS employees has agreed to become a false witness, to sell their soul and conscience.
Dozens of people have personally experienced threats, have been cut off from family, and have been thrown in jail. Some have been tortured. But, even after losing their health and years of their lives, people have still kept the thing they deemed to be most important, human dignity.
Those who started this shameful case, Biryukov, Karimov and others, have contemptuously called us “entrepreneurs”, regarding us as low-lifes, capable of anything just to protect our prosperity and avoid prison.
The years have passed. So who are the low-lifes now? Who is it that have lied, tortured, and taken hostages, all for the sake of money and out of cowardice before their bosses.
And this they called “the sovereign's business”!
Shameful. I am ashamed for my country.
I think all of us understand perfectly well the significance of our trial extends far beyond the scope of my fate and Platon's, and even the fates of all those who have guiltlessly suffered in the course of the sweeping massacre of YUKOS, those I found myself unable to protect, but about whom I remember every day.
Let us ask ourselves: what must be going through the head of the entrepreneur, the high-level organizer of production, or simply any ordinary educated, creative person, looking today at our trial and knowing that its result is absolutely predictable?
The obvious conclusion a thinking person can make is chilling in its stark simplicity: the siloviki bureaucracy can do anything. There is no right of private property ownership. A person who collides with “the system” has no rights whatsoever.
Even though they are enshrined in the law, rights are not protected by the courts. Because the courts are either also afraid, or are themselves a part of “the system”. Should it come as a surprise to anyone then that thinking people do not aspire to self-realization here, in Russia?
Who is going to modernize the economy? Prosecutors? Policemen? Chekists? We already tried such a modernization it did not work. We were able to build a hydrogen bomb, and even a missile, but we still can not build our own good, modern television, our own inexpensive, competitive, modern automobile, our own modern mobile phone and a whole pile of other modern goods as well.
But then we have learned how to beautifully display others' obsolete models produced in our country and an occasional creation of Russian inventors, which, if they ever do find a use, it will certainly be in some other country.
Whatever happened with last year's presidential initiatives in the realm of industrial policy? Have they been buried? They offer the real chance to kick the oil addiction.
Why? Because what the country needs is not one Korolev, and not one Sakharov under the protective wing of the all-powerful Beria and their million-strong armed host, but hundreds of thousands of “korolevs” and “sakharovs”, under the protection of fair and comprehensible laws and independent courts, which will give these laws life, and not just a place on a dusty shelf, as they did in their day with the Constitution of 1937.
Where are these “korolevs” and “sakharovs” today? Have they left the country? Are they preparing to leave? Have they once again gone off into internal emigration? Or taken cover amongst the grey bureaucrats in order not to fall under the steamroller of “the system”?
We can and must change this.
How is Moscow going to become the financial center of Eurasia if our prosecutors, “just like” 20 and 50 years ago, are directly and unambiguously calling in a public trial for the desire to increase the production and market capitalization of a private company to be ruled a criminally mercenary objective, for which a person ought to be locked up for 14 years? Under one sentence a company that paid more tax than anyone else, except Gazprom, but still underpaid taxes; and with the second sentence it's obvious that there's nothing to tax since the taxable item was stolen.
A country that tolerates a situation where the siloviki bureaucracy holds tens and even hundreds of thousands of talented entrepreneurs, managers, and ordinary people in jail in its own interests, instead of and together with criminals, this is a sick country.
A state that destroys its best companies, which are ready to become global champions; a country that holds its own citizens in contempt, trusting only the bureaucracy and the special services is a sick state.
Hope–the main engine of big reforms and transformations, the guarantor of their success. If hope fades, if it comes to be supplanted by profound disillusionment, who and what will be able to lead our Russia out of the new stagnation?
I will not be exaggerating if I say that millions of eyes throughout all of Russia and throughout the whole world are watching for the outcome of this trial.
They are watching with the hope that Russia will after all become a country of freedom and of the law, where the law will be above the bureaucratic official.
Where supporting opposition parties will cease being a cause for reprisals.
Where the special services will protect the people and the law, and not the bureaucracy from the people and the law.
Where human rights will no longer depend on the mood of the tsar. Good or evil. 4
Where, on the contrary, the power will truly be dependent on the citizens, and the court only on law and God. Call this conscience if you prefer.
I believe, this is how it will be.
I am not at all an ideal person, but I am a person with an idea. For me, as for anybody, it is hard to live in jail, and I do not want to die there.
But if I have to I will not hesitate. The things I believe in are worth dying for. I think I have proven this.
And you opponents? What do you believe in? That the bosses are always right? Do you believe in money? In the impunity of “the system”?
Your Honor!
There is much more than just the fates of two people in your hands. Right here and right now, the fate of every citizen of our country is being decided. Those who, on the streets of Moscow and Chita, Peter and Tomsk, and other cities and settlements, are not counting on becoming victims of police lawlessness, who have set up a business, built a house, achieved success and want to pass it on to their children, not to raiders in uniform, and finally, those who want to honorably carry out their duty for a fair wage, not expecting that they can be fired at any moment by corrupt bosses under just about any pretext.
This is not about me and Platon at any rate, not only about us. It is about hope for many citizens of Russia. About hope that tomorrow, the court will be able to protect their rights, if yet some other bureaucrats-officials get it into their head to brazenly and demonstratively violate these rights.
I know, there are people, I have named them in the trial, who want to keep us in jail. To keep us there forever! Indeed, they do not even conceal this, publicly reminding everyone about the existence of a “bottomless” case file.
They want to show: They are above the law, they will always accomplish whatever they might “think up." So far they have achieved the opposite: out of ordinary people they have created a symbol of the struggle with arbitrariness. But for them, a conviction is essential, so they would not become “scapegoats”.
I want to hope that the court will stand up to their psychological pressure. We all know through whom it will come.
I want an independent judiciary to become a reality and the norm in my country, I want the phrase from the Soviet times about “the most just court in the world” to stop sounding just as ironic today as they did back then. I want us not to leave the dangerous symbols of a totalitarian system as an inheritance for our children and grandchildren.
Everybody understands that your verdict in this case–whatever it will be–is going to become part of the history of Russia. Furthermore, it is going to form it for the future generation. All the names those of the prosecutors, and of the judges will remain in history, just like they have remained in history after the infamous Soviet trials.
Your Honor, I can imagine perfectly well that this must not be very easy at all for you perhaps even frightening and I wish you courage!
The Lonely Vagabond knows Toronto. The guy's been writing about the city's music scene anonymously for years, heading to show after show (and slipping bands pithy, heartfelt notes about their sets on social media afterward) but never, ever making their presence known in the bar. He's probably seen every band in Toronto at least once. Every band. (Your basement no-wave act? The only two people who have seen you play are your cat and the Lonely Vagabond.)
Their latest project: Turning the TTC into a musical journey via their reinvented subway map (not unlike our series of bar, cafe, restaurant, and cheap eats maps). Imagining a subway train that played melodies from Toronto bands instead of that tri-tone chime, they assigned a tune by a Toronto act or band to every station in the system. Old faves like Neil Young and the Rheostatics appear next to Feist, Fucked Up, PUP and Hooded Fang. Yorkdale (curiously) gets "Echo Beach", while Kennedy (hilariously) is "Be My Yoko Ono".
How'd they make their picks? "For some I chose the most well known or popular song by the band. Others I chose a song that fit the subway theme, and for some, I chose a song that had some connection to the subway station," they say. "For example, I gave 'Rise Up' by The Parachute Club King Station because in the video, they're all dancing and parading down King Street. "Romantic Traffic" by The Spoons gets Yonge/Bloor because that's what I considered the busiest subway station."
Obviously, we can all agree that this is the sort of idea Toronto needs (LV for mayor).
You can check out the full map here or by clicking the map below.
Do you agree with their picks? What songs would you give each station?
Nima Samimi was born in the US to an Iranian father and a French Canadian mother. Growing up they were exposed to both of their cultures — and of course, the land in which they lived.
“While on the one hand I'm very much 100 percent American, I'm also 100 percent an Iranian,” they say.
Nima Samimi, a.k.a Muhammad Seven. Credit: Daniel Schissler
“My father listened to a lot of Persian music" — particularly the kind of pop Persian music you'd hear in Los Angeles. Their father would also sing them Persian lullabies and recite Persian poetry.
The Persian as well as the Western music Samimi was exposed to led them to experiment with music himself. Now in their 30s, they started playing the guitar and writing music at 14 years old.
"The question I asked myself was, 'What kind of music does an Iranian American make?' There were no other Iranian Americans I knew of making music."
It took a while for them to know themselves well enough and to find their own voice.
But in 2011, after their plans to travel to Iran failed, Samimi went on tour. They and a friend came up with the stage name "Muhammad Seven."
"[It's] an opportunity to write for a character," they say.
Samimi's latest album is called "Bedouin Cowboy" and it was produced entirely on an iPhone.
"After the tour I came out with this catalogue of music but then soon after I got married, right after that we had my son," they say. "It seemed clear that between the busyness of parenting, work and being a student that it was not going to happen for me to make an album."
So they decided to record the music on their iPhone. They listened back and liked what they heard. So they made the whole album that way.
You can find Samimi's music here.
Triboelectric generator produces electricity by harnessing friction between surfaces
Related images
(click to enlarge)
Researchers have discovered yet another way to harvest small amounts of electricity from motion in the world around us -- this time by capturing the electrical charge produced when two different kinds of plastic materials rub against one another. Based on flexible polymer materials, this "triboelectric" generator could provide alternating current (AC) from activities such as walking. The triboelectric generator could supplement power produced by nanogenerators that use the piezoelectric effect to create current from the flexing of zinc oxide nanowires. And because these triboelectric generators can be made nearly transparent, they could offer a new way to produce active sensors that might replace technology now used for touch-sensitive device displays.
"The fact that an electric charge can be produced through this principle is well known," said Zhong Lin Wang, a Regents professor in the School of Materials Science & Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. "What we have introduced is a gap separation technique that produces a voltage drop, which leads to a current flow, allowing the charge to be used. This generator can convert random mechanical energy from our environment into electric energy."
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy and the U.S. Air Force. Details were reported in the June issue of the journal Nano Letters. In addition to Wang, authors of the paper included Feng-Ru Fan, Long Lin, Guang Zhu, Wenzhuo Wu and Rui Zhang from Georgia Tech. Fan is also affiliated with the State Key Laboratory of Physical Chemistry of Solid Surfaces at Xiamen University in China.
The triboelectric generator operates when a sheet of polyester rubs against a sheet made of polydimethysiloxane (PDMS). The polyester tends to donate electrons, while the PDMS accepts electrons. Immediately after the polymer surfaces rub together, they are mechanically separated, creating an air gap that isolates the charge on the PDMS surface and forms a dipole moment.
If an electrical load is then connected between the two surfaces, a small current will flow to equalize the charge potential. By continuously rubbing the surfaces together and then quickly separating them, the generator can provide a small alternating current. An external deformation is used to press the surfaces together and slide them to create the rubbing motion.
"For this to work, you have to use to two different kinds of materials to create the different electrodes," Wang explained. "If you rub together surfaces made from the same material, you don't get the charge differential."
The technique could also be used to create a very sensitive self-powered active pressure sensor for potential use with organic electronic or opto-electronic systems. The force from a feather or water droplet touching the surface of the triboelectric generator produces a small current that can be detected to indicate the contact. The sensors can detect pressure as low as about 13 millipascals.
Because the devices can be made approximately 75 percent transparent, they could potentially be used in touch screens to replace existing sensors. "Transparent generators can be fabricated on virtually any surface," said Wang. "This technique could be used to create very sensitive transparent sensors that would not require power from a device's battery."
While smooth surfaces rubbing together do generate charge, Wang and their research team have increased the current production by using micro-patterned surfaces. They studied three different types of surface patterning -- lines, cubes and pyramids -- and found that placing pyramid shapes on one of the rubbing surfaces generated the most electrical current: as much as 18 volts at about 0.13 microamps per square centimeter.
Wang said the patterning enhanced the generating capacity by boosting the amount of charge formed, improving capacitance change due to the air voids created between the patterns, and by facilitating charge separation.
To fabricate the triboelectric generators, the researchers began by creating a mold from a silicon wafer on which the friction-enhancing patterns are formed using traditional photolithography and either a dry or wet etching process. The molds, in which the features of the patterns are formed in recess, were then treated with a chemical to prevent the PDMS from sticking.
The liquid PDMS elastomer and cross-linker were then mixed and spin-coated onto the mold, and after thermal curing, peeled off as a thin film. The PDMS film with patterning was then fixed onto an electrode surface made of indium tin oxide (ITO) coated with polyethylene terephthalate (PET) by a thin PDMS bonding layer. The entire structure was then covered with another ITO-coated PET film to form a sandwich structure.
"The entire preparation process is simple and low cost, making it possible to be scaled up for large scale production and practical applications," Wang said.
The generators are robust, continuing to produce current even after days of use -- and more than 100,000 cycles of operation, Wang said. The next step in the research will be to create systems that include storage mechanisms for the current generated.
"Friction is everywhere, so this principle could be used in a lot of applications," Wang added. "We are combining our earlier nanogenerator and this new triboelectric generator for complementary purposes. The triboelectric generator won't replace the zinc oxide nanogenerator, but it has its own unique advantages that will allow us to use them in parallel."
Standing in a greenhouse and listening to the rain thunder against the roof can be strangely relaxing and therapeutic. Now, imagine if the same experience was recreated artificially. For the Triennale Der Photographie exhibition in Hamburg, designer Leigh Sachwitz has constructed a miniature house covered with semi-transparent projection screens. Once you step inside and turn off the hanging bulb, a series of projectors spring to life and batter you with heavy weather, including tornadoes and tropical thunderstorms. The dynamic sounds are recreated with speakers, but it's the projectors -- four on the inside, with another two cutting through a haze machine on the outside -- that really bring the installation to life. Circles quickly appear and disappear to recreate raindrops, while streaks of diagonal light imitate heavier downpours. It's not a particularly accurate art piece, but in terms of capturing atmosphere and mood, "INSIDE OUT" feels pretty spot on.
The Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Science Advisory Board, a panel of independent scientists, is calling on the agency to revise last year's much-maligned report that declared fracking to have "no widespread, systemic impacts on drinking water resources."
"The EPA's own analysis shows that dirty oil and gas fracking contaminates drinking water, confirming what millions of Americans already know."
—Lena Moffitt, Sierra Club
As the Washington Post reports:
The conclusion was widely cited and interpreted to mean that while there may have been occasional contamination of water supplies, it was not a nationwide problem. Many environmental groups faulted the study, even as industry groups hailed it. But the 30-member advisory panel on Thursday concluded the agency's report was "comprehensive but lacking in several critical areas." It recommended that the report be revised to include "quantitative analysis that supports its conclusion"—if, indeed, the conclusion can be defended.
Environmentalists lauded the advisory panel's comments [pdf]. Lena Moffitt, director of the Sierra Club's Dirty Fuels Initiative, responded in a press statement:
The Sierra Club is pleased to see the EPA's Science Advisory Board called out the agency's conclusion that there is no 'widespread, systemic' evidence that fracking contaminates drinking water for what it is: not supported by scientific facts. The EPA's own analysis shows that dirty oil and gas fracking contaminates drinking water, confirming what millions of Americans already know.
Lauren Pagel, policy director of the sustainability advocacy group Earthworks, responded to the board's comments with a call to end fracking. "The science is in. EPA knows that fracking pollutes drinking water. Now is the time for us to move away from this dirty fossil fuel and replace it with clean energy that does not harm public health," Pagel said in a statement.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
And Hugh MacMillan, senior researcher at Food & Water Watch, told InsideClimate News: "The EPA failed the public with its misleading and controversial line, dismissing fracking's impacts on drinking water and sacrificing public health and welfare along the way. We are calling on the EPA to act quickly on the recommendations from the EPA [Science Advisory Board] and be clear about fracking's impacts on drinking water resources."
"The EPA failed the public with its misleading and controversial line, dismissing fracking's impacts on drinking water and sacrificing public health and welfare along the way."
—Hugh MacMillan, Food & Water Watch
InsideClimate News delved into the advisory panel's rationale:
The [Science Advisory Board]'s report criticized the [EPA] study on a range of fronts. In particular, the panel said that the EPA erred by not focusing more on the local consequences of hydraulic fracturing. "Local-level impacts, when they occur, have the potential to be severe," the panel wrote. The EPA should have more thoroughly discussed its own investigations into residents' complaints of water contamination in Dimock, Pa., Parker County, Texas and Pavillion, Wyo., the panel said. In both cases, EPA scientists and consultants had found early evidence of contamination, but the agency ended the investigations before further monitoring or testing could be done. "Examination of these high-visibility cases is important so that the reader can more fully understand the status of investigations in these areas, conclusions associated with the investigations, lessons learned, if any, for the different stages of the hydraulic fracturing water cycle, what additional work should be done to improve the understanding of these sites," the [Science Advisory Board] wrote.
Agency spokesperson Melissa Harrison responded to the advisors' comments in an email to InsideClimate News: "EPA will use the [science advisory board's] final comments and suggestions, along with relevant literature published since the release of the draft assessment, and public comments received by the agency, to revise and finalize the assessment."
The scientists' recommendation follows a whistleblower's charge earlier this year that questioned the EPA's conclusions regarding toxic methane emissions from fracking.
As Moffitt argued: "Instead of blindly allowing destructive fracking to continue in our communities, we should extend statewide fracking bans and moratoriums that will keep dirty, climate-polluting fossil fuels like fracked gas in the ground and invest in truly clean, renewable sources of energy that don't come with the threat of poisoned drinking water and climate disaster."
***2nd UDATE: Brooke Baldwin has apologized via Twitter. Will she, though, apologize on the air where they originally offered the smear? Or, like their colleague Carol Costello, who refused to apologize on-air after they told their audience to enjoy a recording of Bristol Palin's assault, will they only offer a cowardly apology elsewhere?
Brooke Baldwin and CNN spread one of the most defamatory and unfair stereotypes about our veterans there is. They deserve an on-air apology and a full retraction.
***UPDATE: Via Twitter, Baldwin is bizarrely attempting to deflect blame away from herself. I say “bizarre” because most of us first hear things from others. We then go through the grown-up process of filtering out anti-science smears. Baldwin chose to repeat this one:
Folks. Please don't misunderstand me. Dear friends/family of mine are veterans. I was repeating a concern vocalized to me lately. That's it. — Brooke Baldwin (@BrookeBCNN) April 28, 2015
—
After more than a year of CNN pouring gasoline all over America with hysterical, and oftentimes phony, stories of American racism, the left-wing network's afternoon anchor Brooke Baldwin finally took it to the next level by blaming American veterans for the Baltimore riots.
—
—
In a pathetic suck-up interview with Democrat Congressman Elijah Cummins, Baldwin never once had the moral courage to ask the failed Baltimore City member of congress if the left-wing policies ushered in by a half-century of a Democrat monopoly in Baltimore might have something to do with the city's ills. Instead, they said of young military veterans who become police officers, “I love our nation's veterans, but some of them are coming back from war, they don't know the communities, and they are ready to do battle.”
The context was a discussion about increased training and retraining for the Baltimore police.
There's no question Baldwin is hoping to launch a narrative with that smear.
This is pure CNN; throwing out anti-science smears towards the best people this country has to offer while it is in reality the rioters who are “doing battle.” It is savages who are looting and burning and causing anarchy, not the police. But it is the Baltimore police who have 15 wounded among their ranks. It is the Baltimore police who calmly did not do much battle during Monday night's riots.
Baldwin and CNN just can't help themselves. This is a cable news network that relentlessly launches Hate Campaigns to smear decent people, like Christians, as a way to deflect from the evils done by the Gaystapo and the thugs who are tearing down predominantly black, working class cities like Ferguson and Baltimore.
Essentially, what Baldwin said to the world was, “Don't hire veterans! They're too damaged to be trusted with authority.” We're back to the Vietnam-era where leftists smear our heroes to cover up the real problems. CNN wants us to believe unstable veterans are the problem in Baltimore, not unstable families.
But they love veterans.
Wine and live television tend to reveal just how ugly some people really are.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
UPDATE: The Washington Free Beacon requested I link their YouTube page because I used their video.
Walt Disney Studios (encompassing Disney, Pixar, Marvel Studios and Lucasfilm) has partnered with Warner Bros. Entertainment, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox Film, and Universal Pictures for a new service called Movies Anywhere. It was previously called Disney Movies Anywhere and (surprise) only supported Disney.
Advertisement
So what does this mean for you? No longer will you need to jump between digital services when you want to watch a movie. You'll be able to link your Amazon Video, Google Play, iTunes, and Vudu accounts to Movies Anywhere and enjoy your digital movies all in one place. Movies Anywhere will be available on iOS, Android, Apple TV, Android TV, Chromecast, Amazon Fire devices, Roku, and web browsers. It's like UltraViolet, but a lot better.
Check out the full press release below for more details, and head on over to Movies Anywhere to sign up and try it out for yourself once it goes live (should be soon).
BURBANK, Calif., Oct. 12, 2017 — Movie lovers now have a new home for their favorite digital movies as Movies Anywhere launches in the U.S. today with an unprecedented five Hollywood studios and four major digital retailers on board. Featuring films from Sony Pictures Entertainment, The Walt Disney Studios (encompassing Disney, Pixar, Marvel Studios and Lucasfilm), Twentieth Century Fox Film, Universal Pictures and Warner Bros. Entertainment purchased or redeemed through digital retailers Amazon Video, Google Play, iTunes and Vudu, Movies Anywhere brings the movies people love together to create a simple, seamless digital entertainment experience across platforms. Using the free Movies Anywhere app and website, consumers can access all their eligible movies by connecting their Movies Anywhere account with their participating digital retailer accounts. Movies Anywhere syncs users' libraries across their connected accounts, so consumers can watch their purchased and redeemed digital movies on an array of platforms including Amazon Fire devices; Android devices and Android TV; Apple TV; Chromecast; iPhone, iPad and iPod touch; Roku® devices and popular browsers, with more platforms and retailers to come. “Movies Anywhere is a massive step forward for the consumer digital media experience, bringing the incredible film libraries of five studios together in a virtual one-stop movie-watching shop,” said Karin Gilford, General Manager, Movies Anywhere, who leads an independent, dedicated cross-functional team of products, technology, marketing and other professionals. “Movies Anywhere means that consumers never have to remember where they purchased a film or which device they can watch it on, because all of their eligible movies will be centralized within their Movies Anywhere library and available across platforms through the Movie Anywhere app and website and also available at their connected digital retailers. And as Movies Anywhere continues to add more studios, retailers and platforms, the entertainment possibilities are endless.” Movies Anywhere initially features access to a library of over 7,300 digital movies, along with fresh previews and film extras from the studios responsible for such 2017 global blockbusters as Disney's “Beauty and the Beast,” Warner Bros.' “Wonder Woman,” Sony Pictures' “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” Universal's “The Fate of the Furious” and Twentieth Century Fox's “War for the Planet of the Apes.” In celebration of this exciting new digital entertainment destination, Movies Anywhere is welcoming new users with a limited-time offer to receive up to five digital movies. Activate and connect your account with one of these participating digital retailers— Amazon Video, Google Play, iTunes or Vudu —and you'll receive a digital copy of both Sony Pictures' “Ghostbusters” (2016) and Twentieth Century Fox's “Ice Age.” Connect with a second participating digital retailer and Disney's “Big Hero 6,”Universal's “Jason Bourne” and Warner Bros.' “The LEGO Movie” will be added to your digital movie collection.
FOIA Dump 11/1: Hillary Told Huma Abedin to Print without Identifiers a CONFIDENTIAL email received on a private server… from Sidney Blumenthal A new FOIA dump Hillary email CONFIRMS they directed/instructed Huma Abedin to remove all traces of markings that would identify a government document as CONFIDENTIAL… Hillary Clinton disseminated CLASSIFIED information WITH intent. This is a Confidential (the lowest level of classified intel, but still classified) government E-mail, sent from Sidney Blumenthal using an AOL account, to Hillary's private unsecured E-mail, which Hillary sent to Huma and asked for the identifiers to be stripped (meaning at minimum who sent the E-mail, at worst the classification itself). Then Huma agreed to do just that. This is three people committing felonies, but that's not even the most shocking part. Obama specifically urged Hillary not to use Blumenthal as an adviser, but they did anyway. And as an adviser Blumenthal seems to be suggesting that a small group of Syrian rebels should be trained and funded to fight Muammar Gaddafi. Even though the same E-mail states that rebel forces had captured Dutch and British troops. In addition it lays out how multiple factions are ALREADY fighting over who would rule Libya after Gaddafi was overthrown. Finally, rebel forces near or operating in Benghazi are mentioned three times. Hillary read this information and decided to support the rebels in Libya. We recently captured the terrorist behind the Benghazi attack, who else has the feeling they will admit they were trained by the US. Who else wants to bet that if Hillary was President this guy would have got a bullet to the face or a green card to keep them from talking? Doc No. C06179309:
Of all the clichés derived from the sport of boxing one rings clearer than them all; one punch can change a fight. But when the stakes are as high as they were in the rematch between the 2 best fighters on the planet, one punch does not just change a fight, but defines a career.
That could not have been any more revealing Saturday night when defending light-heavyweight champion S.O.G Andre Ward landed arguably the best punch of their stellar career flush on the chin of fearsome rival Sergey Kovalev. A perfectly delivered right hand shook the Russian right down to their boots forcing the ‘krusher' into a desperate survival mode after 7 wonderfully engaging rounds of elite prize fighting. But, as appears to be the norm when these two meet, controversy lingered and the finishing blow has unfortunately overshadowed an enthralling second encounter. Video does not lie, and the shot that ‘forced' Tony Weeks to halt the action in the 8th round will no doubt be contested for many years to come and leaves a bitter taste. The frustrating aftermath of human error so often leads us siding with the wronged, in this case Sergey Kovalev, who was perhaps unjustly stopped on a low blow. The controversies surrounding the result of their previous meeting carried with it a certain stigma that branded Andre Ward a ‘cheat' and those who make such accusations are now in full voice, as evident in the post fight conference when Kovalevs' promoter Kathy Duva vocally slammed the decision and vowed to pursue justice for their fighter. But for all the validity team Kovalev may have in their claims against Ward, they failed to accept, or even mention, the true turning point of this dramatic title fight. By the 6th round, Kovalev was deteriorating.
Slumping over, struggling for breath at the time of the stoppage, Sergey Kovalev suffered the first knockout loss of their career and Andre Ward had achieved victory in the most unexpected of ways. A conqueror of the super middleweight division, Ward had now disposed of a titan of the boxing world that lay waste to 26 of their 32 opponents. The mistake on Weeks' part will be no doubt disputed but one thing that can no longer be is Andre Ward's sensational career.
Ward's siege on the pro ranks began in the super middleweight division after winning Olympic gold at the Beijing games 13 years ago, when a super tournament spanning over 2 years pitted the top 6 fighters at 168 pounds against each other to determine a conclusive best in the division. Ward, a relatively unknown quality breezed through the best competition the division had to offer with dominant wins over Mikkel Kessler, Arthur Abraham and Carl Froch. Opponents of this calibre can always be expected to present some difficulties to any elite operator, but in truth the American barely got out of second gear. With the super six trophies in hand, as well as the WBC and WBA world titles around their waist, Ward, standing on top of a pile of legitimate world champions, appeared on every pound for pound list you can think of. And although the immediate goal of cleaning out a division set them to new heights, the number one and two spots were occupied by none other than Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. But the famed refusal of the pair to settle their differences in the ring had Ward hot on their heels and momentum was on their side.
However the rise of this undeniable talent was stunted after their final win at 168 and any momentum Ward had gathered was ultimately lost when the Oakland native managed just two contests against inferior opposition over a three year period. Contractual disputes with their former promoter Dan Goosen playing its role in sidelining Ward for far too long and the fans grew tired of a seemingly endless fiasco. But now, the story of Ward's time in the dark seems a distant memory and the man who so easily disposed of world class opposition six years ago has made their greatest claim yet as the worlds' best fighter.
Not since the age of 12 years old has Andre Ward suffered defeat in a boxing ring, and now having raised their game up to yet another level, it would appear they are unlikely to do so any time soon. If its unification they want, then he'll no doubt be caught up in more agonizing ‘negotiations' with WBC champion Adonis Stevenson in a fight that represents little more than a ripe cherry. Still, it is a contest that would be worthy of Wards' unheralded achievements, and if there are some that still opposes their standing as the number 1, the title of undisputed light heavyweight champion may stamp the last of their critics out. If we are to take trainer Virgil Hunters' word, then we could see Ward jumping beyond the cruiserweight division to mix it up with the worlds' best heavies, and in a world where an unbeaten, former pound for pound king is matched up with a man who has no pro boxing experience anything is possible, and the enticement of Wards' next move is nothing more than speculation at this stage.
But one thing is no longer speculation and the achievements of a fighter of such remarkable credentials should now be glorified and it's time to give credit where credit is due. Unbeaten in 32 contests with 9 world championship wins over a number of high quality opponents few can boast such a complete record. And now, in the aftermath of their most significant triumph, Ward has picked up from where they left off after enduring a period of uncertainty that turned so many fans against him. It's been years in the making, but Ward has finally earned the title that eluded them 6 months ago and whether you love them or hate him, Andre Ward is the undisputed pound for pound king.
Advertisements
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wirral MP Angela Eagle insists their support within the Wallasey Constituency Labour Party remains strong despite efforts to deselect them
The MP also says they are “not going to be silenced” by people trying to force them out of the seat they have held since 1992.
Since the Brexit vote to leave the European Union Ms Eagle has seen parts of their constituency party – local Labour members in Wallasey – turn against them with threats of a bid to deselect them on one side and accusations of threatening behaviour on the other, leading to the suspension last week of the local party pending an investigation.
The fall out began – or became public – after the Brexit vote when the Wallasey CLP urged Ms Eagle to back Jeremy Corbyn but they and many other MPs decided they wanted a new leader.
Ms Eagle announced they would contest Mr Corbyn's leadership but subesequently withdrew in favour of Owen Smith.
Ms Eagle said: “There are a lot of members in Wallasey who are still behind me, they just don't shout as loud.”
Over recent weeks the MP has seen a barrage of attacks on social media, a window broken in the building which houses their constituency office and a man arrested and later bailed in Scotland over alleged threats to kill them .
They said: “I think the operation that's been going on there has been very slick. They are putting it about that I broke the window in my constituency office myself – I mean, excuse me.
“Anyway, don't mistake the loudest voices for the majority is what I'd say.”
The party membership in Wallasey has grown to more than 1,200 following the Brexit vote as new supporters signed up, and Ms Eagle said: “Some of them are fine and absolutely welcome, and some were thrown out in the 1990s and have come back again.
“You don't have to be a genius if you look what happened in the 1980s to know what's going on now.
“But I'm not going to be intimidated by people who are doing that, that have been in the party for less than a year telling me I'm a Tory and a traitor – I've been a member of the party for 40 years, I've given my life to the Labour party because I think it's the way we can transform the life chances and opportunities for working class people, like my mum and dad who didn't get the chances I got because we had Labour Governments.
“That's my whole political credo – and I'm not going to be silenced by people who have not been in the party a year telling me to leave.”
Angela Eagle had pledged last year during the leadership election which was eventually won by Jeremy Corbyn that they “would work with whoever was elected” but admitted frustration had been building up.
They said been “trying” to work with Jeremy Corbyn over the last nine months, but said: ”There has been no attempt from the leader's office to reach out to anyone but their own little coterie of people.
“Just to give you an example, as the shadow business secretary I had a scheduled meeting with [shadow chancellor] John McDonnell – the other economic department that I was shadowing – a meeting scheduled every week. Over the nine month period all but one of them was cancelled.
“There was just no attempt to work together in any way.”
Ms Eagle has thrown their support behind Owen Smith in the bid by Labour MPs to topple the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
The MP had been the first to step forward to challenge Mr Corbyn following a vote of no confidence in their leadership, but withdrew from the Labour Party leadership race last week after they acknowledged Mr Smith had garnered more support for their candidacy.
They said they were quite close in the number of nominations – “within 10” – but they didn't think they would get enough to win so made the decision “in the best interests of the party” to withdraw so there would only be one person challenging Mr Corbyn.
However, they refused to speculate on the consequences for Labour if Owen Smith does not win and said: “To make it absolutely clear, I'm supporting Owen [Smith] wholeheartedly.”
An annual reenactment of the sacrifice for the upcoming Passover festival will be held for the first time inside the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem.
The High Court of Justice on Monday upheld a police decision to bar a group of Temple Mount activists from holding their annual ceremony at Davidson Park, an archaeological site adjacent to the Western Wall on the southern side of the Temple Mount complex.
But in an unusual move, police on Wednesday said the activists would be allowed go ahead with the reenactment on Thursday in the main square of the Jewish Quarter of the Old City.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
As in previous years, it is expected that MKs, rabbis and hundreds of members of the public will attend the ceremony.
Just like the Passover sacrifice that was offered in the time of the Temple, it will include slaughtering a lamb, flaying it in the traditional manner, throwing its blood on a model altar, and roasting and eating it.
The event will take place at 5:30 p.m. in the courtyard of the Hurva Synagogue. It will be preceded by a discussion of the Jewish laws of the ritual and the launching of an application to coordinate tours of the Temple Mount.
The group, the Temple Mount Institute, started a crowdfunding appeal and has already raised more than the total cost of the ceremony, NIS 30,000 ($8,250).
For over a decade the group has held a reenactment of the ritual slaughter of the Passover offering, a sheep or goat sacrifice.
Each year the activists request permission to do it on or near the Temple Mount, where ritual sacrifices were carried out at the time of the temple. And each year they have been refused by police and the courts, which say it could cause unrest if it is held on or near the most hotly contested site in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
The group performs the demonstration because, according to Jewish law, a “real” Passover sacrifice can only be conducted on the Temple Mount.
Next Week's New Releases: No Glue? No Time? No Problem
Building a Citadel model kit is an involved and enjoyable process, and there's something undeniably satisfying about turning a frame of disparate bits into a completed model. Sometimes, however, you just want to get some reinforcements on the gaming table, and fast.
In the past, Easy to Build models have been a standby for starter sets, giving new players an easy way to get stuck in with the game. Next week, however, you'll be able to pre-order the most ambitious Easy to Build kits ever released, making adding a colossal Redemptor Dreadnought, a cohort of deadly Death Guard, an indomitable squad of Aggressors or a Myphitic Blight-hauler to your collection simple.
All you need for your Easy to Build models is clippers – they can be built in mere minutes without needing glue thanks to some crafty tricks from our Miniatures Designers!
While all these kits are awesome, the Redemptor Dreadnought is perhaps the crowning jewel. Coming in a mere 12 pieces(!) this kit is by far the easiest way to add one of these war machines to your army, and even possess some poseability, meaning if you want more than one you'll be free to make them look distinct from one another. Best of all, this kit – and the rest of the Easy to Build sets – costs less than their fully-customisable counterparts, making them ideal for a hobbyist on a budget.
Finally, Combat Cards make their triumphant return next week! Combat Cards are perfect if you're looking to get your strategy fix on the go, or if you just fancy a change of pace. Games are fast and fun, and you'll be able to keep your set in your pocket – great if you don't fancy hauling your whole army to your next games night. Within the set, you'll have enough cards for you and a friend to build an Imperium and Chaos deck – why not split a set as a Christmas present?
You'll be able to pre-order the Easy to Build sets and Combat Cards next weekend – in the meantime, there's a range of infantry kits, like Death Guard Plague Marines and Primaris Reivers, already available online or in your local store.
RAMALLAH, West Bank — Every Tuesday, Iman Turkman carefully harvests crops in their small garden, organizes them in plastic containers and leaves them at the garden door for pickup and delivery to the weekly Ramallah market held the same day. They grow tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, parsley and mint in their small plot in al-Nasseriya in Nablus. Turkman planted the garden in 2010 after graduating from university.
The Tuesday health food market, located on al-Maahed Street, near Yasser Arafat Square, began in June 2013 under the banner “Stay healthy and support food sovereignty for your people.” It sells organic fruits and vegetables and nutritional products free of artificial preservatives. Among the offerings are olive oil, pickles, jam, honey, yogurt, legumes, dates, thyme, couscous (maftoul) and concentrated natural drinks.
“I've been selling all my garden's products in this market for an entire year,” Turkman told Al-Monitor. “This has given me security, as I do not worry about marketing, which concerns most farmers.”
By security, Turkman means the steady revenue they get from selling their products at the same set price for a whole season, which might last for three months. By selling at the Ramallah market, they can avoid the market price fluctuations that producers face at the main fruit and vegetable market in al-Hasba, in Nablus, where prices vary from day to day. Turkman is also spared the burden and cost of transportation because the Tuesday market arranges the pickup of their produce.
The customers in Ramallah appreciate organic products like Turkman's. They avoid the use of fertilizers and other chemicals in favor of environmentally friendly techniques, considered the best method in terms of promoting health.
Mohammed Abdullah visits the Tuesday market in search of healthy food. What attracts him, they said, is their absolute trust in the safety of the products, which is of particular concern given the increase in ailments due to fertilizers and other chemicals.
Abdullah goes to the Ramallah market to buy all the fruits and vegetables they need for the week. They told Al-Monitor, “We cannot find 100% organic products in the West Bank except in this market. Here you can buy confidently, without worrying about the negative side effects of the chemicals other agricultural products contain.”
Since it opened, the Tuesday market has not had a problem attracting farmers who prefer environmentally friendly and organic agriculture or reaching the capacity needed to sell products at affordable prices.
Jihad Abdo, head of marketing at ADEL — The National Fair Trade Non-Profit Corporation, oversees the market in cooperation with the Ramallah municipality. They explained that the aim of the market is to link products and consumers through the concept of food sovereignty, creating an independent, local Palestinian economy by offering producers fair prices and consumers safe food.
There are 147 types of food at the market provided by the most marginalized and poorest Palestinian women, Abdo told Al-Monitor. The market achieves this primarily by engaging women's cooperatives and associations in villages to produce and sell products. Some 350,000 families benefit from the arrangement. The market constitutes the only source of income for some women.
According to Abdo, the market is distinct in offering safe, eco-friendly products prepared by women and without artificial preservatives. The food is preserved by adding oil, lemon or salt, and the market trains women how to do it.
Abdo added, “We are trying to support marginalized women and the agricultural sector on the one hand, and to turn the boycott issue into a food sovereignty program on the other.” They said that there are three types of consumers attracted to the market: those who want to buy artificial preservative-free products, those who like to support the women and young farmers who provide the products and those seeking to support Palestinian products and in the process help the boycott against Israeli goods succeed.
In the West Bank, Israeli products compete with Palestinian products. In Palestinian markets, it is typically hard to distinguish between the two types of goods, thus undermining the boycott effort. At the Tuesday market, however, people boycotting Israeli products are guaranteed they will only find Palestinian items.
Finding a place to successfully market products can be particularly challenging for farmers, especially the young ones. Such was the case for Riyad Arafat, who introduced pineapple cultivation to Palestine in their small garden in Tulkarm. Helping farmers over this hurdle, in their eyes, has been the key to the market's success.
Arafat told Al-Monitor that 2015 was the first season during which they grew pineapples, and they proved to be of good quality. Before discovering the Tuesday market, however, the main problem they faced was where to sell them. Their produce was widely welcomed at the Tuesday market.
Arafat initially planted 1,700 pineapples, and now, thanks to being able to sell them at the Ramallah market, they intend to double the cultivated area in their garden. The profitable price at which they sell at the market covers the high cost of production.
Arafat said, “In the regular market, there is strong competition between the pineapples I grow and the pineapples that enter the West Bank through Israel. The Tuesday market, which is distinct in selling Palestinian products only, offers me a good opportunity to sell my pineapples.”
The Tuesday market sets a good example for other markets thinking about offering organic products and crops and providing alternatives to Israeli goods. Despite the Ramallah market's apparent popularity, the initiative could use support from official Palestinian authorities to help the adoption of its approach.
Lambda Expressions - Java 8 Feature
4743 Mar 20, 2016
Lambda expression is the one of major change in Java 8.0 after Generics, Annotations in Java 5.0. Lambda expressions are anonymous method similar to anonymous classes in Java.
(function (x, y) { return x * y; } )
(arg1, arg2, ...) -> { body of expression}
@FunctionalInterface
List<Student>
package com.groupkt.lambda;
public class Student {
private Integer rollNumber;
private String name;
private Integer age;
/**
* @param rollNumber
* @param name
* @param age
*/
public Student(Integer rollNumber, String name, Integer age) {
super();
this.rollNumber = rollNumber;
this.name = name;
this.age = age;
}
/**
* @return the rollNumber
*/
public Integer getRollNumber() {
return rollNumber;
}
/**
* @param rollNumber the rollNumber to set
*/
public void setRollNumber(Integer rollNumber) {
this.rollNumber = rollNumber;
}
/**
* @return the name
*/
public String getName() {
return name;
}
/**
* @param name the name to set
*/
public void setName(String name) {
this.name = name;
}
/**
* @return the age
*/
public Integer getAge() {
return age;
}
/**
* @param age the age to set
*/
public void setAge(Integer age) {
this.age = age;
}
@Override
public String toString() {
return new StringBuilder()
.append("{rollNumber:").append(rollNumber)
.append(",name:").append(name)
.append(",age:").append(age)
.append("}
")
.toString();
}
}
Solution 1: By Creating a class which implements Comparable
/**
* comparator to sort by Students list by roll number
*/
private static class StudentRollNumberComparator implements Comparator<Student> {
@Override
public int compare(Student student1, Student student2) {
return student1.getRollNumber().compareTo(student2.getRollNumber());
}
}
/**
* sort the list of students by using the Implementing class of
* Comparable interface
* @param students : list of student to be sorted
*/
private static void sort(List<Student> students) {
Collections.sort(students, new StudentRollNumberComparator());
}
StudentRollNumberComparator
sort
package com.groupkt.lambda;
import java.util.ArrayList;
import java.util.Collections;
import java.util.Comparator;
import java.util.List;
public class Test {
public static void main(String[] args) {
List students = new ArrayList<Student>();
// create a list of students
students.add(new Student(2, "Amit", 16));
students.add(new Student(4, "Kumar", 15));
students.add(new Student(3, "Durgesh", 17));
students.add(new Student(1, "Rajendra", 14));
// call method to sort the list
sort(students);
System.out.println(students);
}
/**
* comparator to sort by Students list by roll number
*/
private static class StudentRollNumberComparator implements Comparator<Student> {
@Override
public int compare(Student student1, Student student2) {
return student1.getRollNumber().compareTo(student2.getRollNumber());
}
}
/**
* sort the list of students by using the Implementing class of
* Comparable interface
* @param students : list of student to be sorted
*/
private static void sort(List<Student> students) {
Collections.sort(students, new StudentRollNumberComparator());
}
}
Solution 2: By using a anonymous class which implements Comparable
/**
* sort the list of students by using anonymous class implementing
* Comparable interface
* @param students : list of student to be sorted
*/
private static void sort(List<Student> students) {
Collections.sort(students,new Comparator<Student>() {
@Override
public int compare(Student student1, Student student2) {
return student1.getRollNumber().compareTo(student2.getRollNumber());
}
});
}
Solution 3: By using a Lambda expression
private static void sort(List<Student> students) {
Comparator<Student> rollNumberComparator = (student1, student2) ->
student1.getRollNumber().compareTo(student2.getRollNumber());
Collections.sort(students,rollNumberComparator);
}
(student1, student2) -> student1.getRollNumber().compareTo(student2.getRollNumber());
Comparator<Student>
[{rollNumber:1,name:Rajendra,age:14}
, {rollNumber:2,name:Amit,age:16}
, {rollNumber:3,name:Durgesh,age:17}
, {rollNumber:4,name:Kumar,age:15}
]
Related Links
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
One of great feature Java 8.0 is Lambda expression. JavaScript already has this functionality to create anonymous functions. Lambda expression allows us to create an anonymous method in Java as well. Lets understand what is Lambda expression in Java1. It is a method without access modifier2. It is a method without return type declaration3. It is a method without nameFor exampleis a Java Lambda expression which takes two parameters and return the multiplication of these two numbers. This expression does not have access modifier (private/protected/public or default), return type and its name. same expression can be written in JavaScript likeThe syntax to write Lambda expression is as. Optionally the type of argument also can be specified. e.g.Before moving further first let us understand. Java already has a Marker Interface which is an interface without any method in it. Similar to marker interface, Functional Interface can have only one abstract method. some of the examples arewhich has exactly one methodwhich has only one method. Java 8.0 introduced an annotationwhich can be used to indicate an interface is Functional Interface.We will create a simple test class to understand Lambda expression.Suppose we want to sort a list of Studentsby rollNumberThere are different ways to implement this requirementHere we created a classwhich implements Comparator interface. and creates a methodwhich will sort the list.Complete class to sort the list by student's roll number by using a class which implements Comparator interfaceThis approach will solve our purpose. Here we created a class which implements Comparator.Now let us try another approach to implement the requirement.the method test can be replaced by the code as below, here we are not creating a class but directly creating an anonymous class.This will also sort the students list, but here we have are using anonymous class.Actually this anonymous class is implementing Comparator interface which is FunctionalInterface, and so can be replaced with the Lambda expression.Lambda expression can be used with any functional interface and Comparator is a functional interface, so this test method can be replaced with lambda expression as belowHere we have a lambda expressionwhich takes two student objects to compare the rollNumbers. In this expression we're not specifying the type of student1 and student2 because compiler can determine the parameter types by the. In this Lambda expression1. we have not implemented any Interface,2. we have not created any class,3. without method name,4. without method return type,5. without parameters typesAll of thee solutions will give same result
