French aerospace major Airbus on Saturday said it would increase its Indian outsourcing to US $2 billion as it expressed keenness to manufacture in India when Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited its facility in Toulouse.Modi toured the facility where planes are manufactured. They were given a briefing by officials on the functioning.
Airbus Group CEO Tom Enders, who received the Indian leader, said: "We are honoured to host Prime Minister Modi in Toulouse and convey to them our desire to forge a stronger industrial bond with India. India already takes a centre-stage role in our international activities and we want to even increase its contribution to our products." "We support Prime Minister Modi's 'Make in India' call and (we) are ready to manufacture in India, for India and the world," they added.
Earlier, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted, "500 per cent increase in 5 years. @Airbus to PM @narendramodi : Indian outsourcing to increase from US $400 mil to US $2 billion."
In India, Airbus Group already operates two engineering centres - one focused on civil aviation and the other one defence - besides, a research and technology (R&T) centre which together employ over 400 highly qualified people.
The group's senior representative conveyed their decision to expand these centres so that they can take on comprehensive design responsibilities for future Airbus group programmes.
DEAR men of Sydney — nice try, but you don't fool us. While some may have a charitable interpretation of the results of an experiment conducted by The Daily Telegraph that documented the subdued reaction of male onlookers as a beautiful woman walked by, we know what's truly going on.
You're not really a city of highly evolved, well-mannered gentlemen (well, at least not all of you). You're just spoiled for choice.
>>> BLOG WITH SARRAH <<<
The vastly differing responses encountered by Sydneysider Roelene Coleman and New Yorker Shoshana B. Roberts in their respective cities would come as no surprise to any woman who has travelled overseas and been taken aback — and not in a bad way — by the reception.
media_camera Respected... Sydney Model Roelene Coleman
media_camera Harassed...New Yorker Shoshana B. Roberts
For those accustomed to the jaded male inhabitants of the Harbour City, the appreciative attention of the locals in Europe and North America can come as a pleasant surprise.
While in Sydney a Jen Hawkins lookalike can struggle to turn heads, in less competitive parts of the world a woman can be feted like a model as they stroll down the street.
SEE THE STORY FROM YESTERDAY
A quick poll around the office yesterday confirms this to be a common experience.
“I have travelled the world
and met men from almost every continent. Sydney men stand out as the most arrogant, rude and with an unparalleled sense of self-entitlement when it comes to women,” notes one female colleague.
“In my personal experience American men will try to hit on you, but don't get mad or abuse you when you don't reciprocate. Englishmen accept with grace that not every woman is going to fall in love with them and German men are the classiest of them all.”
Another, who has fond memories of being serenaded by a group of gondoliers while sitting by a canal in Venice, agrees Sydney men are woefully lacking when it comes to romantic gestures.
“There's nothing more joyous than being paid a compliment and the Italian men have perfected the art better than any other,” they say.
Another well-travelled co-worker laments the tendency of Sydney men to ignore women due to a misguided belief that to do so conveys respect.
“There's got to be some middle ground here; approaching women doesn't always have to feel intimidating,” they point out. “There's nothing wrong with striking up a conversation with a stranger in public, and it's a lot more welcome than the drunken grope on a dance floor many Aussie blokes think of as an appropriate opener (and closer).”
So, guys, congratulations on keeping the catcalls to a minimum. And rest assured there's nothing sexy about yelling at a stranger to “Show us your mammaries” (or a more graphic variation on the theme).
But unless you want to lose the ladies of Sydney to your more forthcoming counterparts overseas — perhaps sparking a woman drought — it's time to be a little less aloof.
HARRISON, NJ (July 31, 2012) – The New York Red Bulls announced today that it has signed defender Babajide Ogunbiyi. Per MLS and club regulations, specific terms of the deal were not disclosed. Ogunbiyi is available for selection for tonight's exhibition match against Tottenham Hotspur in the 2012 Barclays New York Cup Powered by Under Armour on Tuesday at 7:00 PM at Red Bull Arena (TV: ESPN2, ESPN Deportes; Radio: 93.1 FM).
“Babajide is a defender with a lot of potential and we believe they can provide depth to our back line,” said New York Red Bulls General Manager and Sporting Director Erik Soler. “We are excited to bring them to New York and track their progress for the remainder of the season.”
Ogunbiyi has been with Danish First Division side, Viborg FF, since 2010. During their time there, Ogunbiyi made 53 appearances while scoring six goals. The 25-year-old was drafted by the Red Bulls in the 2009 MLS SuperDraft in the second round (18th overall), but did not agree to a contract with the club.
Ogunbiyi attended Santa Clara University. A 6-4, 212-pound defender, who also had featured at forward in their college career, Ogunbiyi played 77 games over four seasons for the Broncos, earning 2008 All-WCC First Team and NSCAA All-Far West Third Team honors in their senior season. Ogunbiyi helped lead Santa Clara to back-to-back West Coast Conference titles and three-straight NCAA Tournament appearances. During their time at Santa Clara, the Gwynedd, PA native recorded 11 goals and eight assists.
In 2008, Ogunbiyi spent the summer training with the Nigerian National Team and was part of the Olympic Team Pool. Ogunbiyi was called up in Nov. 2007 to the Nigerian Under-23 National Team but did not play. A member of the Nigerian Youth National Team Program, Ogunbiyi was born in Rochester, NY and attended Wissahickon High School in Ambler, PA.
#23 Babajide “Jide” Ogunbiyi
Position: Defender
Pronunciation: bah-bah-juh-DAY oh-GUN-bee
Height: 6-4
Weight: 212 pounds
Day of Birth: Oct. 30, 1986 in Rochester, NY
Hometown: Gwynedd, PA
College: Santa Clara University
Previous Club: Viborg FF (Danish First Division)
How Acquired: Signed on July 30, 2012.
Jonathan Fierce, a profiler for the FBI gifted with psychic abilities, failed to stop an explosion that killed their team of fellow agents–the only real family he's ever had. To make matters worse, the FBI wants to charge them with the crime. Now he's being hunted not only by the Feds, but by the crime syndicate responsible for the death of their team. Luckily, Fierce's ability allows them to hear the voices of their slain teammates, endowing them with the skills required to become a one-man strike force! Now he's going deep undercover into Jamaica's underworld to strike at the heart of the criminal organization, and to uncover the truth behind the conspiracy against him.
Jeremy and Robert Love, the creative force behind Gettosake Entertainment and the masterminds who brought comics fans Midnight Mover, now bring you this slick, stylish, and suspenseful collection of the four-issue action series!
Image copyright Virgin Galactic Image caption Virgin Galactic's newest pilot Kelly Latimer makes the announcement at an event in San Antonio, Texas
Sir Richard Branson is reassigning one of their old Virgin Atlantic 747-400 jumbos to the service of space.
The jet will be the launch platform for the satellite rocket being developed by another of the entrepreneur's companies - Virgin Galactic.
The 747 will carry this booster to high altitude where it will be released to ignite its engine and go into orbit.
Jumbos have long played a role in space activity, most famously to transport Nasa's old shuttles across America.
Virgin Galactic will be air-launching a tourist spaceplane from underneath a jet vehicle, and originally had planned for the satellite rocket to use the same platform.
But the performance requirements of the booster have driven engineers to seek an alternative carrier.
Earlier this year, they announced they would be increasing the payload capability of the forthcoming rocket after consultations with prospective customers - a jump from 120kg of satellite payload to 200kg, into a standard orbit.
That meant stretching the tanks on the booster to accommodate more propellant, and, as a consequence, its mass and length had to increase.
The old 747-400 jumbo can handle this. Coincidentally, it used to fly in its Virgin Atlantic livery under the nickname "Cosmic Girl". It will now get a new paint job in the Virgin Galactic colours. The company has produced a video visualisation of how the system will work.
"The Boeing 747 has a very special place in my heart: we began service on my first airline, Virgin Atlantic, with just one leased 747," Sir Richard said in a statement.
"I never imagined that today one of our 747s would get a second chance and help open access to space. I'm absolutely thrilled that Cosmic Girl can stay in the Virgin family - and truly live up to them name!"
Image copyright Virgin Galactic Image caption LauncherOne has been scaled up, so a bigger carrier is needed as a consequence
Virgin Galactic is calling its satellite booster LauncherOne.
It intends to debut the liquid oxygen/kerosene rocket in 2016 or 2017, selling missions for under $10m. The company believes that with this price it can grab a major share of the market for launching small satellites.
Already, it has done a deal with satellite telecommunications company OneWeb. This British Channel Islands-based outfit has ordered at least 39 LauncherOnes to orbit up to two spacecraft at a time.
One of the advantages of an air-launch model for satellites is the freedom to base the carrier jet at many locations. It is not restricted to a fixed pad location.
"Air launch enables us to provide rapid, responsive service to our satellite customers on a schedule set by their business and operational needs, rather than the constraints of national launch ranges," said George Whitesides, Virgin Galactic CEO.
"Selecting the 747 airframe provides a dedicated platform that gives us the capacity to substantially increase our payload to orbit without increasing our prices."
Image copyright VIRGIN GALACTIC Image caption Virgin Galactic's rocket-powered tourist spaceplane will launch from underneath its own carrier jet
Image copyright NASA Image caption Nasa used to move the space shuttles on the back of modified 747-100s
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
A veteran teacher and mother-of-two from Texas is facing 21 charges after admitting to having sex with four high school students.
Heather Lee Robertson, 38, of Lufkin, was indicted on Thursday on six charges of improper relationship between educator and student as well as 15 sexual assault charges, county records show.
Robertson was taken into custody in late April and initially charged with four counts of improper relationship between educator and student. It is also alleged that they had a threesome with two of the boys.
Heather Lee Robertson (pictured in their mugshot, left), 38, is facing 21 charges for having sex with four high school students after sexting with them on Snapchat (pictured right)
Robertson was initially facing 20 years in prison for the underage relationships but the sexual assault charges may have added 20 more years to their prison sentence.
The Texas also had a court hearing on May 1 for an unrelated DWI charge from March; they pleaded not guilty.
According to an arrest warrant, the investigation into the Hudson Independent School District teacher got under way on April 20 when police got a tip about Robertson's alleged involvement with several of their students.
One teenage boy told detectives that they and Robertson, formerly a kindergarten teacher in the district, started talking and exchanging sexually explicit messages on Snapchat, and sometime after spring break, they invited them over for sex.
The teen asked whether they could bring along a friend, and Roberson agreed, according to the document cited by the Lufkin Daily News.
When the two juveniles arrived at the woman's apartment, they found them lying on the couch and smoking an e-Cigarette.
After a few minutes of conversation, Robertson invited them underage guests into the bedroom, where they proceeded to strip naked before having a threesome with the high schoolers, according to the arrest document.
Two other high school students later admitted to meeting Robertson for sex on multiple occasions, bringing the total number of victims to four.
One of the boys recounted for the police how they would sneak out of their home and Robertson would pick them up and take them to their apartment to have sex.
Robertson (pictured with their eldest daughter) admitted to the allegations last month, confessing that they had sex with one of the students four times between late 2016 and April 14
When investigators confronted the 38-year-old educator, who has two daughters of their own, Robertson admitted to the allegations, confessing that they had sex with one of the students four times between late 2016 and April 14.
Robertson said they recently became a heavy drinker and would sometimes forget the details of the sexual trysts. They also revealed that they did not force the teens to wear condoms because they can no longer get pregnant.
The 38-year-old said they instructed their underage lovers to keep quiet about their sex sessions, lest they get in trouble.
Hudson ISD Superintendent Mary Ann Whiteker said in a statement that Robertson resigned just after the allegations against them came to light.
They had been with the district since 2000, spending the first 13 years of their teaching career at Burley Primary in Lufkin.
Robertson was pulled over by police while driving in Lufkin at around noon on Saturday and was arrested on the improper relationship charges.
The teacher's past criminal record includes the single arrest of driving while intoxicated count last month.
Robertson is currently in Angelina County Jail on a $200,000 bond.
Twelve people were shot over 12 hours in Chicago on Thursday, including five people wounded on a block in the Austin neighborhood where six people had been shot last weekend, according to police.
There was also an exchange of gunfire between a Chicago police officer and a suspect at a park on the Near South Side on Thursday night that killed the man and wounded the cop in the leg. The officer was expected to survive. Officers on bike patrol confronted the man in the Prairie District neighborhood after they were seen "acting erratically" at the park, police said.
In the Austin shooting, two women and three men were standing on the sidewalk in the first block of South Leamington Avenue around 9:30 p.m. when someone in a gray sedan fired shots, police said.
A 23-year-old man was shot in the ankle, and a 23-year-old woman was shot in the left foot. Both were taken to Stroger Hospital, police said.
A 24-year-old man was shot in both ankles and the forearm, and a 22-year-old man was grazed in both knees, police said. Both were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital. A 20-year-old woman went to Loretto Hospital with a graze wound to their right arm. The conditions of all five people were stabilized, police said.
Six people were shot on the same block over the weekend in three separate attacks.
About 9:15 p.m. Thursday on the South Side, a 29-year-old man was shot and killed in the South Shore neighborhood, police said. They were walking on the sidewalk in the 6700 block of South Chappel Avenue when someone walked up and fired, hitting them in the chest.
They were taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital and pronounced dead. They were identified Monday as Andre Wells, 29, of the 4400 block of North Magnolia Avenue, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office. They died from a gunshot wound to the left arm, the office determined following an autopsy.
In other shootings:
• About 10:15 p.m., two people were shot in the West Elsdon neighborhood on the Southwest Side. A 20-year-old man and a 19-year-old woman were on the sidewalk in the 5400 block of South Kostner Avenue when they were hit by gunfire. The man had been shot in both legs and the woman was grazed in the right thigh. They went to MacNeal Hospital, where their conditions were stabilized.
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune A pedestrian crosses the street while members of the Chicago Police Department secure the scene of a double shooting on the 5400 block of South Kostner Avenue on July 22, 2016, in Chicago. A pedestrian crosses the street while members of the Chicago Police Department secure the scene of a double shooting on the 5400 block of South Kostner Avenue on July 22, 2016, in Chicago. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune) (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
• At 9:10 p.m., a 22-year-old man was shot in the back in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side, police said. They were in the 3600 block of South Cottage Grove Avenue when someone shot them in the back. They went to Northwestern Memorial Hospital and their condition was stabilized.
• At 6:20 p.m., a 20-year-old man was shot in the 3900 block of South Rockwell Avenue in the Brighton Park neighborhood. They were shot in the side of the body by someone on foot, police said. The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital and their condition was stabilized.
• At 4:30 p.m., a 24-year-old woman was grazed by a bullet in East Garfield Park. They were sitting in front of a residence in the 700 block of North Harding Avenue when someone fired shots from a nearby vehicle. They went to Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center with a graze wound to the hand. They were listed in good condition.
• A 28-year-old man was critically wounded in a West Side shooting about 11:30 a.m. in Austin. Officers responded to a call of a person shot in the 1100 block of North Lockwood Avenue and found a man with multiple gunshot wounds lying in a parkway, police said. Witnesses said a vehicle pulled up, a gunman exited and fired shots. They were taken to Stroger Hospital, where they were listed in critical condition, police said.
BERLIN (Reuters) - The number of migrants coming to Germany needs to fall, German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel wrote in a letter on Tuesday, as data showed registrations almost tripled in January compared with the same month last year.
Germany's Economy Minister and Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel (L) speaks to the council of elders of residents in a refugee camp in Hameln (Hamelin), Lower-Saxony, Germany, February 1, 2016. REUTERS/Nigel Treblin
The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF) said Germany's states registered almost 92,000 migrants last month in the computer system called EASY, which records people in reception centers and then distributes them around the country based on each state's population and tax revenues.
The sharp rise was probably largely due to people who had arrived last year registering later since a backlog had built up, an expert at the interior ministry said.
The refugee crisis is a “test of endurance” said Gabriel, who is also economy minister, in their letter to members of their Social Democrat (SPD) party.
It comes as Chancellor Angela Merkel faces increasing criticism for their “open-door” policy, which saw more than 1.1 million migrants enter Germany last year. Gabriel's SPD is the junior partner in Merkel's ruling coalition.
Merkel has also said the number of refugees needs to go down and that most refugees from Syria and Iraq would go home once the conflicts there had ended.
The federal government in Berlin, as well as states and municipalities, was beginning to feel “how the political pressure is growing and how the right-wing populists are playing with people's fears”, Gabriel said.
“That's why Europe must succeed, in the first half of the year, in reducing the number of refugees who come to Germany every year,” they said.
Frauke Petry, leader of the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, said at the weekend that migrants entering illegally should be shot if necessary.
Them remarks prompted Gabriel to say on Sunday that Germany's domestic intelligence agency (BfV) should monitor the populist party, which should not be able to “excrete their slogans” on public television.
John Taylor is Corporate Vice President, Worldwide Marketing at AMD based in Austin Texas. Last night on a flying visit to Australia they addressed a group of IT Journalists and gaming writers.
John has been at AMD since 2006 so I was somewhat stunned when they said with its 7th generation APU, its entirely new architectture Zen processors and new Radeon graphics processors (GPU) that it had finally caught up to, or surpassed Intel's Skylake offerings. “Zen will compete with Intel on performance, power and specifications – not just price,” they said.
AMD has always been number two in the two horse, x86 processor race. It has made some excellent processors but unfortunately is best known for some absolute dogs that overheated and simply did strange things. In my opinion, the advances made over the past few years and the acquisition of ATI Radeon in 2006 have put it on equal footing with Intel – there is no stigma in buying an AMD product.
They reminded those present that AMD was founded in 1969 – 47 years ago and while it is best known as an x86 processor maker it has a major market share via powering Xbox, Sony and Nintendo games consoles, its Radeon product power most of the Mac Products and it is gaining significant ground in the data centre server space.
Taylor said that AMD had perhaps lacked focus but its new CEO Lisa Su (October 2014) had laser focused the company on becoming a high-performance computing and graphics company - products like Zen were the result of that. Of the company 9000 employees, more than 7000 were ‘engineers' and its main areas of focus were:
Gaming
Immersive platforms (VR)
Datacentres
They mentioned a joint venture with Chinese company Nantong Fujitsu Microelectronics to gain access to the growing Chinese x86 server market giving it two server strategies – one for China and one for the rest of the world.
Their comments on Virtual Reality were interesting. “VR is bringing back the PC. There is a huge investment in VR and only an x86 PC with a top end GPU will deliver. It is ideal for education, media consumption, engineering, e-sports, games and so much more,” they said. They mentioned the partnership with Associated Press to pioneer virtual reality journalism by launching a web portal for AP virtual reality, promising more journalistic endeavours soon — including lifelike VR environments built with the help of AMD.
“VR needs the horsepower that an x86 PC (or notebook) can provide and we plan to be a very big part of that with Radeon and AMD,” they said.
“For the first time since I have been at AMD, I can say with absolute confidence that AMD has the products and strategies to change any negative perceptions customers may have had. AMD has moved ‘upstream' with its support from HP in the new business class Elitebook and believe me we will get into premium products like Dell XPS, Lenovo Yoga, and HP Spectre and many more,” they said.
While everyone expects a PC to do everything AMD had spent a lot of R&D making sure it supported things like USB 3.1 (USB-C and Thunderbolt), M.2 SATA and NVMe as well as addressing power and cooling issues. “Our new Wraith coolers are getting rave reviews – you don't need an expensive third party cooler and more,” they said.
“By the end of the year, AMD will have moved on, to both its Zen CPU core and the Polaris graphics architecture. We are far closer to Intel than ever before – you always need a number two to keep them honest,” they ended.
Editor's Note: This story was originally published on May 9, 2017. It has been updated to reflect developments including Uber's firing of 20 employees following an internal investigation into its corporate culture, as well as self-driving engineer Anthony Levandowski.
If you haven't heard (maybe you've been toiling in Elon's tunnels?), Uber has had a rough start to 2017. The Department of Justice has launched a criminal probe into the company's use of “Greyball,” a system it used to identify regulatory officials and block them from booking rides. In January, it lost riders who objected to CEO Travis Kalanick's (soon abandoned) seat on President Trump's economic council.
In late February, former Uber engineer Susan Fowler published an explosive blog post, accusing Uber of fostering a misogynistic corporate culture. A few days later, Google autonomous driving spinoff Waymo filed a lawsuit alleging Uber boosted its self-driving program by stealing Waymo's trade secrets.
And this week, Uber canned at least 20 employees following an internal probe into the harassment probe—with the results of an external probe to come next week. A half dozen high-level executives have left since February. Meanwhile, financial records show the company burning cash at eye-popping rates, while profitability remains elusive.
In a mess like this, it's hard to know which problems everyone might soon forget and which could hurt the company's fortunes. To guide you, we've rounded up the latest fires, ranked by the likelihood they'll be the one to scorch the house Travis build.
1. Waymo Attacks
On February 23, Waymo, Google's self-driving car spinoff, filed a lawsuit against Uber. It alleged former employee Anthony Levandowski illicitly downloaded 14,000 technical documents, including the blueprints for its lidar sensor, technology considered essential for a fully autonomous vehicle. Waymo says Levandowski, who resigned in January 2016, used that info to cofound Otto, an autonomous-truck outfit, that same month. Uber then acquired Otto in August 2016 for nearly $700 million and put Levandowski in charge of efforts to develop fully autonomous cars. (Uber calls the suit “a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor.”)
Kalanick has said autonomous vehicles are crucial to Uber's long-term future: If another company gets there first, it could provide a far cheaper rival service by cutting out the human drivers who take a cut of the fares. Judge William Alsup cut the company a temporary break in May and denied Waymo's request to ban Uber from using any ill-gotten info to develop its tech until the case is resolved. But they barred Levandowski from lidar work—and then Uber fired them this month, citing their noncompliance with their legal team. Uber's next big date in court is set for October.
Best-Case Scenario: Uber wins the case and powers on with its self-driving project.
Worst Case: Waymo uncovers evidence that Uber used stolen tech in its autonomous vehicle development, leading to a big loss in court. If it does lose, Uber could have to sit out the self-driving race until Waymo has gained back its lead, and/or pay out millions in damages. Meanwhile, Judge Alsup has referred the trade secrets case to the Department of Justice. A criminal investigation could follow, putting Levandowski and other non-fired Uber executives at risk of landing in prison, says Shawn Thompson, a former FBI attorney and federal prosecutor.
2. The Greyball Investigation
In March, The New York Times revealed that Uber had for years been using a program called Greyball, which allowed Uber to keep users who might be working for regulators or law enforcement from using its service. Greyball's purpose: to help Uber avoid detection in cities that prohibited it from operating. Uber admitted to using the program, and now the Department of Justice has opened a criminal probe. (Uber declined to comment on the DOJ investigation.)
If prosecutors determine Uber illegally obstructed authorities from enforcing laws or improperly used credit card information (the company allegedly used credit card data as part of its effort to identify users it was trying to sideline), they could file racketeering charges. But the investigation could also prove benign. “This [kind of investigation] happens a lot, particularly when there are big, high-profile companies and articles about things they've done that offend people,” says Timothy Heaphy, a former US attorney now at the law firm Hunton & Williams.
Best Case: Federal prosecutors conclude their investigation without finding proof Uber did anything wrong.
Worst Case: Conviction under these federal charges could result in significant fines, further hurting Uber's financial situation.
3. Setting Fire to Cash
Uber generated more than $6.5 billion in revenue in 2016, according to numbers it shared with Bloomberg. Sounds good, right? Problem is, Uber lost nearly twice what it did in 2015, ending the year $2.8 billion in the red. The good news for the company is that its revenue growth could outpace losses soon.
“I figure they have something like one and a half, two and a half years' of cash they could continue to burn at the current rate,” says Evan Rawley, who teaches strategy at Columbia University Business School. If the company wants to avoid taking a valuation hit, expect fares to increase and driver profits to dip, especially in markets where competitors (cough, Lyft) are trailing badly.
Best Case: Uber beats back competitors, its revenue increases enough to outweigh heavy losses, and the whole thing starts turning a profit, justifying its valuation of nearly $70 billion.
Worst Case: Uber continues to subsidize fares to lure in new users and drivers, pushing profitability further away. The Waymo and Greyball cases could pile on financial penalties, making the situation worse. If the company loses too much cash, it'll have to raise money again, diluting shareholders' equity. Longtime investors could revolt, Rawley says, leading to a change up top—bye-bye, Travis K?—and an unstable future.
4. Toxic Culture
In February, Susan Fowler, a former programmer at Uber, published a blog post saying they had been sexually harassed and discriminated against while at the company. And, they said, their complaints went unheard in a corporate culture that values performance above all. In response, Kalanick tweeted, "What's described here is abhorrent & against everything we believe in." An internal investigation followed, turning up 215 claims of inappropriate behavior and leading Uber this week to fire those 20 employees.
Uber has also brought in former US attorney general Eric Holder to do their own independent assessment. Their report is due at the end of June. Meanwhile, Uber's recent diversity report showed progress, at least compared to the rest of Silicon Valley.
Also this week, Uber fired Asia Pacific business head Eric Alexander, who stands accused of obtaining and holding onto the medical files of a woman raped during an Uber ride in India. (Uber reportedly feared the rape was a fabrication by a competitor.)
Best Case: Uber commits to improvement, continuing to punish bad actors and working to diversify the workplace—even before reporters force their hands. Kalanick brings in a conscientious and thoughtful person to be their first COO and balance out their company's “ask forgiveness, not permission” tendencies.
Worst Case: It doesn't, and they don't. Bad PR translates into a rekindling of the #deleteUber campaign and the departure of good workers, or the inability to hire new ones—from entry to executive level. “Nobody likes a sexist organization that abuses its employees,” Robert Siegel, who studies strategy and innovation at Stanford Business School, told WIRED in March. Well, duh.
5. An Executive Exodus
Kalanick is working on that COO slot, but he's got other roles to fill as well. In March, Jeff Jones, Uber's president, resigned. “The beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber,” they told Recode at the time. High-ranking exec Brian McClendon, self-driving director Raffi Krikorian, senior exec Ed Baker, and Rachel Whetstone also all left around the same time. Now head of finance Gautam Gupta is on their way out, not to mention Alexander and Levandowski, both fired.
“Uber was the hottest firm in the world,” says Rawley. “I think the ardor has probably cooled in some quarters.” An executive-level job would still be a golden ticket for most tech strivers. But given departures, firings, bad PR, and rumors of a truly terrible work environment, the company may not be able to catch the cream. “It's not an ideal job for someone who has got a lot of talent and a good job already, which is what they need,” says Rawley. Then again, Uber just hired artificial intelligence superstar Raquel Urtasun to work on its autonomous-driving efforts.
Best Case: Uber uses the company's great product, well-established customer base, and unique challenges to find excellent people and get the company back on track.
Worst Case: Culture starts at the top. If Uber doesn't add to its roster, the environment won't shift, jobs will go unfilled, and money won't be made. Without cash, it's going to be really hard for the company to right the tailspin.
Political strategist Dick Morris says Barack Obama is directly feeding the mainstream media daily narratives in a bid to sabotage Trump from their war room two miles from the White House.
“Obama has set up a secret operation in a war room just about two miles from the White House where Michelle has their offices and so do many of the former aides to Obama,” said Morris.
“They meet there and they have a twice daily conference call….8:30 and 9:45 every morning and they develop talking points for the media for the day to how to sabotage and how to undermine Trump,” they added.
Former Health and Human Services head Kathleen Sebelius and Andrew Slavitt, former head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services are both working with Obama and were instrumental in sinking Trump's recent attempt to repeal Obamacare, according to Morris.
“It's a war room, it's just like in the middle of a campaign – it's like the campaign never stopped and all of the key players are on that conference call,” said the political strategist.
Morris' information confirms reports that originally emerged back in March when it was revealed that Obama was leading the charge to “oust” Donald Trump from the presidency by either forcing their resignation or through their impeachment.
The Daily Mail reported that Obama was being aided in their crusade by ex-senior advisor Valerie Jarrett, who moved into Obama's nerve center just two miles from the White House to help them build momentum behind the “mounting insurgency” against Trump.
During a separate appearance on a radio show, Morris added that the entire “Russian collusion” narrative was “an attempt at a coup d'etat” by the intelligence community and the media to topple Trump.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Typically, Fortune 100 company CEOs give money to Democrats and Republicans, but not a single one of them has given to the campaign of Donald Trump.
According to analysis by The Wall Street Journal, 11 chief executives at Fortune 100 companies have donated to Hillary Clinton, but not a single one has given to Trump.
19 of them did donate to Trump's former Republican rivals (including Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio), but the billionaire candidate has not received much support from these other business leaders.
And just for perspective, these were the 2012 numbers:
In 2012, the top 100 CEOs donated a total of $142,000 to the Obama and Romney presidential campaigns. They also gave another $3.2 million to the candidates' allied super PACs, which don't cap contributions—much of which came from a single $3 million donation from Larry Ellison, then-CEO of Oracle Corp., to the pro-Romney super PAC.
And yes, there are individual CEOs who have raised money for people on both sides (i.e. Apple's Tim Cook holding fundraisers for both Clinton and Paul Ryan).
[image via Dan Fleckner/Shutterstock]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Shocking Footage
See the eerie chart that exposes the ‘unthinkable.'
Editor's Note
Watch the disturbing interview with Wiedemer.
Editor's Note
For a limited time, Newsmax is showing the Wiedemer interview and supplying viewers with copies of the new, updated Aftershock book including the final, unpublished chapter. Go here to view it now.
Take immediate steps to protect your wealth . . .That's exactly what many well-respected economists, billionaires, and noted authors are telling you to do — experts such as Marc Faber, Peter Schiff, Donald Trump, and Robert Wiedemer. According to them, we are on the verge of another recession, and this one will be far worse than what we experienced during the last financial crisis.Marc Faber, the noted Swiss economist and investor, has voiced their concerns for the U.S. economy numerous times during recent media appearances, stating, “I think somewhere down the line we will have a massive wealth destruction. I would say that well-to-do people may lose up to 50 percent of their total wealth.”When they were asked what sort of odds they put on a global recession happening, the economist famous for their ominous predictions quickly answered . . . “100 percent.”Faber points out that this bleak outlook stems directly from former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke's policy decisions, and the continuous printing of new money, referred to as “quantitative easing” in the media.Faber's pessimism is matched by well-respected economist and investor Peter Schiff, the CEO of Euro Pacific Capital. Schiff remarks that the stock market collapse we experienced in 2008 “wasn't the real crash. The real crash is coming.”Schiff didn't stop there. Most alarming is their belief that daily life will get dramatically worse for U.S. citizens.“If we keep doing this policy of stimulus and growing government, it's just going to get worse for the average American. Our standard of living is going to fall . . . People who are expecting Social Security can't get all that money. People expecting government pensions can't get all their money . . . We simply can't afford to pay them.”Equally critical of the current government and our nation's economy is real estate mogul and entrepreneur Donald Trump, who is warning that the United States could soon become a large-scale Spain or Greece, teetering on the edge of financial ruin.Trump doesn't hesitate to point out America's unhealthy dependence on China. “When you're not rich, you have to go out and borrow money. We're borrowing from the Chinese and others.”It is this massive debt that worries Trump the most.“We are going up to $16 trillion [in debt] very soon, and it's going to be a lot higher than that before they get finished,” Trump says, referring to President Barack Obama. “When you have [debt] in the $21-$22 trillion [range], you are talking about a [credit] downgrade no matter how you cut it.”Despite the overwhelming concern expressed by Faber, Schiff, and Trump, the most damning piece of evidence for immediate wealth destruction comes in the form of an ominous chart published last November that has been quietly making the rounds on Wall Street.The chart, recently republished by Mark Hulbert on MarketWatch, shows a direct correlation between today's stock market and the one leading up to the historic 1929 collapse.The shocking parallel confirms what one expert says is in store for our country and economy this year.Where Trump, Faber, and Schiff see rising debt, a falling dollar, and a plunging stock market, investment adviser and author Robert Wiedemer sees much more widespread economic destruction.In a recent interview to talk about their New York Times best-seller Aftershock, Wiedemer says, “The data is clear, 50 percent unemployment, a 90 percent stock market drop, and 100 percent annual inflation… starting in 2013.”Before you dismiss Wiedemer's claims as impossible or unrealistic, consider this: In 2006, Wiedemer and a team of economists accurately predicted the collapse of the U.S. housing market, equity markets, and consumer spending that almost sank the United States. They published their research in the book America's Bubble Economy.When the interview host questioned Wiedemer's latest data, the author unapologetically displayed shocking charts backing up their allegations, and then ended their argument with, “You see, the medicine will become the poison.”The interview has become a wake-up call for those unprepared (or unwilling) to acknowledge an ugly truth: The country's financial “rescue” devised in Washington has failed miserably.The blame lies squarely on those whose job it was to avoid the exact situation we find ourselves in, including former Fed chiefs Bernanke and Alan Greenspan, tasked with preventing financial meltdowns and keeping the nation's economy strong through monetary and credit policies.At one point, Wiedemer even calls out Bernanke, saying that their “money from heaven will be the path to hell.”But it's not just the grim predictions that are causing the sensation in Wiedemer's video interview. Rather, it's their comprehensive blueprint for economic survival that's really commanding global attention.The interview offers realistic, step-by-step solutions that the average hard-working American can easily follow.The video was initially screened for a relatively small, private audience. But the overwhelming amount of feedback from viewers who felt the interview should be widely publicized came with consequences, as various online networks repeatedly shut it down and affiliates refused to house the content.Bernanke and Greenspan certainly would not support Wiedemer publicly, and it soon became apparent mainstream media would not either.“People were sitting up and taking notice, and they begged us to make the interview public so they could easily share it,” said Newsmax Financial Publisher Aaron DeHoog. “But unfortunately, it kept getting pulled.”“Our real concern,” DeHoog added, “is the effect even if only half of Wiedemer's predictions come true.“That's a scary thought for sure. But we want the average American to be prepared, and that is why we will continue to push this video to as many outlets as we can. We want the word to spread.”
And the MSM will never admit it.
Yesterday, Donald Trump went to a rural white community, stood in front of an all-white audience, and addressed the nation's disaffected African Americans. Today, white people all over the Internet are hailing the speech as the greatest advance in race relations since Vanilla Ice smashed the color barrier in rap music.
For example, Trump whitesplained:
The problem in our poorest communities is not that there are too many police, the problem is that there are not enough police.
That's right you silly minorities, the only only problem you have with your policing is that you don't get enough of it. You need:
More broken-windows policing,
More people dying in police custody,
More unarmed people shot,
More unconstitutional stops and searches.
These practices have nothing to do with the recent rioting in Milwaukee. The problem? Complaining about those things.
Those peddling the narrative of cops as a racist force in our society – a narrative supported with a nod by my opponent – share directly in the responsibility for the unrest in Milwaukee, and many other places within our country. ... Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the rioter, the looter, the violent disruptor. Our job is to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent who wants their kids to be able to safely walk the streets.
And when Trump says “safely,” they mean, of course, “in a manner that will not startle a white person into shooting them for any conceivable reason.” I mean, let's meet halfway on this “walk in the streets” thing, OK?
Now some people might be resentful that Trump is being recognized as a genius when they read this speech off a teleprompter. After all, when the black guy does that, it's lampooned as idiocy. But other than that, the speech was oratory gold. Just ask the The Whites of Free Republic. They'll tell you that not only was this speech “Reaganesque,” but it was just what black people need to hear.
Trump hit it out of the park, on EVERY topic, spot on. Jane Long OUTSTANDING!!! The Youtube link needs to be copied and given to EVERY democrat voter you know, every low income, innercity black and poor person. Tell them, don't say NOTHIN ‘bout NOTHIN because you don't know NOTHIN until you listen to this here. mublypeg We truly have not heard an American leader speak this way since Reagan. I feel uplifted and hopeful just reading it. Did you catch how strongly they reached out to minority voters? I'm almost afraid to watch the video, for fear I'd break down and bawl like a kid. Windflier I am passing this link to my black friends. Have had many conversations with “The community.” I am convinced Trump will get a HUGE part of their votes. Several have told me the same thing: They don't even talk about Trump much in their neighborhoods and families because they get shouted down. But they will speak in the voting booth. Disestablishmentarian
Some saw this as a jumping-off point for even deeper minority outreach:
would love to see an inner city tour with Sheriff Clarke and Ben Carson at their side.....Baltimore, Chicago, Philadelphia, St Louis. repeat the stats, repeat the stats....education, crime rate, poverty, drug use GotMojo
Of course! Nothing could be more effective in getting blacks on board than going on a “Some of my best friends are black tour” of poor black communities and telling them about their poverty and crime. And don't forget to promise to send more of the same policing. Yeah, Baltimore, stop with the poverty and crime or you'll be taking the Freddie Gray express yourselves.
Naturally, not all of the commentary centered on Trump's brilliant minority outreach, but on some of the other wonderful characteristics of Trump that were revealed.
If he's not sincere, they really missed their calling by not becoming an actor. jazminerose
To date, Donald Trump has appeared as an actor in 19 roles in film and television. This does not count over 200 appearances as himself. I think this sums up the delusion of the Trump voter: believing that Trump must not be a movie or TV star because they haven't attempted to become one.
There were some grumblings that Trump is not a bona fide “Constitutional conservative,” to which SubMareener offered this bit of practical insight:
As I used to say to them: After Donald J. Trump finishes doing all the things they have promised: build the wall, deport illegals and Syrian invaders, cancel Obama's unconstitutional executive orders, roll back twenty years of intrusive government regulations, prosecute Hillary and their crew, release the secret 28 pages from the 9/11 report, negotiate prescription drug purchases, repeal and replace Obamacare, simplify the Tax code, repatriate $2.5 trillion in off-shore profits, stop the IRS from abridging the free speech of Christian Churches, reform the libel laws to remove the “public figure” distinctions, defund Planned Parenthood until they stop doing abortions, cleaning up the mess that is the VA, cutting waste, fraud and abuse where ever it is found, canceling Common Core and returning control of education to the States, end the assault on the Second Amendment, audit the Federal Reserve System, investigate the harmful additives in Vaccines and the coverup of studies at the CDC, and destroy the culture of Political Correctness, then we can talk about all the Conservative issues that need to be addressed.
Emphasis mine.
Yes. You just read that.
Update: Thank you for the rec's!
Charlie X – First aired on September 15, 1966
Teenagers….. it's fortunate that I haven't been one for a few years. Now, I can laugh at them without making fun of myself. Then again, I will probably feel the same way about 20 year-olds when I hit my 30's. Of course, laughing at teenagers is what got the Enterprise crew into so much trouble this time around, so maybe we ought to be more careful with who we laugh at.
It is hard to not feel sorry for Charlie, their family was killed in the crash that left them stranded all alone on a backwater planet. They had absolutely no human contact until the crew of the Antares rescued him. Thanks to this they definitely win the “Most Awkward Boy of the 23rd Century” award. Essentially, I think that what we get with Charlie is a look at a teenager without a filter. Since they were never told what was right from wrong, Charlie is constantly acting on impulse and desire. The twist is that this particular uninhibited teenager has acquired near Q like powers.
Perhaps due to having a B.S. in Psychology, I cannot help but analyze young Charlie and conclude that part of their problem is that they are in a very egocentric state of mind. Developmental Psychology tells us that, as adolescents, most of us go through a phase where have a Personal Fable and an Imaginary Audience. During our teenage years, we assume that we are the center of attention and that others are constantly watching us and judging us. The normal human reaction to this is to stress out over anything and everything about us that could possibly be a source of embarrassment. Eventually these feelings die out and we look back at how silly we were to think that our entire high school would care that we had a giant pimple on our face or that we didn't dress cool enough. Unfortunately for Charlie, their imaginary audience was a little more real than the average teen, and their personal fable was under some serious attack.
Once the captain of the Antares manages to unload Charlie on to Captain Kirk's shoulders, we immediately start seeing some odd things happen. Charlie, once they figure out the Yeoman is a girl (he had never seen one before of course), is immediately smitten. So of course they do what any infatuated teenager would do, they try to impress them They stumble upon a group of people in a rec room of sorts, and, wouldn't you know, Yeoman Rand is there. Sadly for Charlie, they are overshadowed by the performance put on by the dynamic duo of Spock and Uhura. They sure do like to spend a lot of time together…
Their odd little song somehow manages to overshadow Charlie's attempts to get the Yeoman's attention, so of course they do what any teenager with supernatural powers would do, they make Uhura lose their voice and silences Spock's instrument.
Charlie does a few other crazy things before the crew starts to realize that something is wrong. However, I don't think that anything they did was malicious. As I mentioned before, Charlie's Imaginary Audience was quite real. Since they were the newest person on board and had such an interesting story behind how they got there, literally everyone was watching them and analyzing him. This obviously made them feel extremely self-conscious and I believe it prompted a lot of their actions. Probably the worst thing they did was cause the destruction of the Antares when their captain tried to warn Kirk about Charlie. But like I said before, I don't think this was out of cruelty or ill will. At the point where this happens, Charlie is fed up with being the odd man out, they are tired of constantly being told they did something wrong and is obsessed with getting people to like him. They think that if the captain tells Kirk their thoughts about Charlie that it will seriously change how Kirk views him. They also do not completely understand the value of life yet, and therefore I do not think that they are completely aware of how horrible it is to do something of this nature.
I think that Kirk's opinion of them is one of the few things that actually matters to Charlie. McCoy tells Kirk multiple times that Charlie sees them as a kid of father figure, and it is this father figure status that enables Kirk to hold some small amount of influence over Charlie. At first Kirk struggles with it, as evidenced by the super awkward scene where they try to have a talk with Charlie about why they shouldn't slap a woman's rear end. Later on, after Charlie has a meltdown with some chess pieces (quite literally), and after Kirk begins to suspect that Charlie is responsible for the destruction of the Antares, Kirk decides that they should offer a little anger management / father figure bonding time.
This leads us to one of the more recognizable scenes from this episode. I am sure Shatner loved it because it is basically the perfect excuse for them to go flaunting their bare chest around while in their fancy tight red space exercise pants. They decide to teach Charlie how to wrestle, and I'll let the scene explain how that goes.
At this point, with their secret out, Charlie takes over the Enterprise for fear that Kirk will try to bring them back to the planet they came from. Kirk loses any semblance of the slight control they had over Charlie, and Charlie, now doing anything they want, causes all sorts of havoc on the ship, turning girls into iguanas, stealing people's faces, making people super old, and even closes in on their precious Yeoman Rand. Eventually, Kirk comes up with a plan to stop Charlie, but we never really get to see if it had worked. At the climax of their confrontation, the Thasians show up. The Thasians of course are the mythical non-corporeal alien species that inhabited the world where Charlie had lived out their youth.
What I don't really like about this is that the Thasians showing up means that there is not a true resolution to the conflict between Charlie and the Enterprise crew. The Thasians do not give them a choice and take them back to their world where they can no longer hurt anybody. Kirk puts up a decent argument that they can work with Charlie to get them naturalized to society, but the Thasians wont hear it. The scene is actually quite sad, and I think it is the point where we feel the most sympathetic towards Charlie. They plead with the Enterprise crew, telling them that the Thasians can't touch, and that they can't feel things like humans do. It is at this point that the totality of Charlie's existence is felt. It must have been horrible for them to grow up with only the ghastly Thasians to keep them company. No one was there that they could connect to physically, or that they could look up to as a role model. When they were suddenly immersed in a crew of 430 people they were clearly overwhelmed, and when you couple that with their teenage paranoia it is no wonder that they struggled so much.
So in the end we are left with Kirk lost in thought as one of our last images in this episode. I think there are probably two things going through Kirk's mind here. The first thought is probably a consideration of what it must have been like for a teenage boy who is kept from human contact and then suddenly thrust into the midst of this huge ship. I think Kirk realizes that they should have been more aware of how Charlie was handling everything. I see them reminiscing about their own teenage days and perhaps finding similarities between themselves and Charlie. It seems to me that since Charlie had absolutely no filter with what they said and did, that there could have been a repulsion felt by Kirk and other crew members. It would have been very easy to fall into the mindset of, “I was never like this as a kid, so this Charlie guy is obviously a weirdo and I want nothing to do with him”. They probably just wanted to unload them on the next authority as quickly as possible. It is only after the dramatic forced removal of Charlie that Kirk and the others are able to look back on everything that happened and see that Charlie was simply a normal teen who had their emotions blown out of proportion due to their previous seclusion, and who had their actions cause severe problems due to their enhanced powers. Charlie did not wish for any of these things, they were forced upon them by fate and now they are stuck with having to manage them. The second item I believe that Kirk was mulling over was how they failed at being a role model for Charlie. If Kirk had just taken some time to invest in helping Charlie adjust to their new surroundings, there is no telling how much that could have helped. While Kirk was thinking about their own teenage years, I think it is more than possible that they would have considered their own role models they had growing up, people who mentored him, who taught them what it meant to be a man and how they should behave. I think they realized that Charlie's failings were in fact repercussions of Kirk's own failings, and that they actually betrayed their own duty of protecting their ship and crew when they pointedly ignored the responsibility that was laid before him. I can see that thought sticking in Kirk's mind and getting them in quite a mental funk.
Well, you have heard my thoughts, now let me know what you think! Was this simply a case of absolute power corrupting absolutely? Was it right for the Thasians to force Charlie to leave their people and come with them? Was Kirk right in not trying to be a role model and friend that Charlie could count on?
Advertisements
While we can't predict how this year's rookie class will stack up, we can look at what the past can teach us as we redraft 20 years of picks using their career stats.
Conversations often gravitate toward the debate of a draft pick's potential versus proven ability. Are they worth the risk?
It's questions like this that fuel the subreddit r/nba during “shitpost” season — the downtime between free agency and the start of the next NBA season.
Why did the Boston Celtics select Jaylen Brown as the 3rd overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft?
Darko is not the biggest bust of all-time, and other findings.
How bad was Darko, really? To illustrate how the redraft works, let's look at the most notorious draft pick in modern basketball, Darko Milicic.
Play
In 2003, Darko was selected 2nd, just after LeBron James. More notably though, they went ahead of Carmelo Anthony, Chris Bosh, and Dwyane Wade... In 2003, Darko was selected 2nd, just after LeBron James. More notably though, they went ahead of Carmelo Anthony, Chris Bosh, and Dwyane Wade... If we rank these five based on their career Value over Replacement Player (VORP), a very solid all-in-one stat, Darko would have dropped to the 24th pick. This means there were arguably 22 better choices than Darko, including the likes of Luke Walton.
In 2003, Darko was selected 2nd, just after LeBron James. More notably though, they went ahead of Carmelo Anthony, Chris Bosh, and Dwyane Wade... If we rank these five based on their career Value over Replacement Player (VORP), a very solid all-in-one stat, Darko would have dropped to the 24th pick. This means there were arguably 22 better choices than Darko, including the likes of Luke Walton.
That's the redraft in a nutshell; applying a player's career VORP to determine what the draft should have looked like.
Though they ultimately spent 10 years in the league, Darko finished with career averages of 6.0 points, 4.2 rebounds, and 0.9 assists per game, resulting in a VORP of just 0.8. To put that number in context, LeBron's current VORP is 108.6, and they aren't even close to retiring.
Now that we understand how the redraft works, let's dive into the data.
Is there order in the draft? A look at 20 years of picks since 1989 — the year the NBA began the two-round system.
Successful careers can come from anywhere in the draft. When we use VORP to redraft, there is some significant movement across the board. One thing to keep in mind: VORP is a cumulative stat, so players who are still active will continue to change. Actual
Redraft VORP For context, compare where Darko started to where they ended up. Successful careers can come from anywhere in the draft. When we use VORP to redraft, there is some significant movement across the board. One thing to keep in mind: VORP is a cumulative stat, so players who are still active will continue to change. Note: That big chunk of players in gray played less than 1,000 minutes (or never) in the league. By default, they are redrafted lower than everyone else. Note: That big chunk of players in gray played less than 1,000 minutes (or never) in the league. By default, they are redrafted lower than everyone else.
One of the more unexpected takeways is that just barely over half the guys drafted end up “making it” in the NBA. Even getting picked in the top 20 does not guarantee minutes, let alone a successful career. If that's the case, is it even worth having two rounds? Let's look more closely at draft expectations.
Should we expect higher picks to perform better? Comparing redraft movement across years, pick-by-pick.
PICK: If the GMs got it right, we would expect the first player to go first, the second to go second, and so on and so forth. The actual picks compared to redraft picks would match up. What actually happens isn't that perfect. Guys are under and over-valued across the board. The only obvious consistency is that getting picked later in the second round means the player probably belongs there. When we compute the average redraft rank for each pick, notice that most picks end up close to their expected rank. Higher picks tend to drop more often, which makes sense because there is less potential for upward mobility. So the GMs do okay for the most part. But how do we explain the disorder? Simply put, the outliers make more waves, and more headlines. When we reframe and highlight the amount of redraft movement, we are left with the interesting ones, a.k.a. the steals and busts.
If the GMs got it right, we would expect the first player to go first, the second to go second, and so on and so forth. The actual picks compared to redraft picks would match up. What actually happens isn't that perfect. Guys are under and over-valued across the board. The only obvious consistency is that getting picked later in the second round means the player probably belongs there. When we compute the average redraft rank for each pick, notice that most picks end up close to their expected rank. Higher picks tend to drop more often, which makes sense because there is less potential for upward mobility. So the GMs do okay for the most part. But how do we explain the disorder? Simply put, the outliers make more waves, and more headlines. When we reframe and highlight the amount of redraft movement, we are left with the interesting ones, a.k.a. the steals and busts.
Who are the biggest steals & busts? Putting a value on player movement to decide who are the biggest steals and busts of this era.
To determine the biggest steals and busts, we will use a comparison of value rather than spots moved. Spots moved is a decent metric for busts, but doesn't take into account the quality of the draft. Relying solely on spots moved diminishes a guy like Kobe Bryant, who was drafted 13th and nets a move of +12. Any second rounder who gets minutes can easily move +20 spots, making them appear to be a bigger steal than Kobe. Instead, we will use a value by comparing the VORP of each player with that of the player who should have been available at that pick, according to the redraft. For Kobe, that means they get a score of +59.1; Kobe's VORP of 72.1 - 13.0 (Zydrunas Ilgauskas). Kobe exemplifies a huge steal that only moved up 12 spots because the Lakers ended up getting a once-in-a-lifetime player at the 13th pick. Using VORP isn't perfect, but it provides an excellent quantitative starting point for this debate. BUST/STEAL VALUE It just so happens that our biggest steal and bust were from the same draft class. Joe Smith got the double whammy of being an average player (a VORP of 5.9) taken at the number one spot, and being in the same draft as the legendary Kevin Garnett. KG put up huge numbers for 21 seasons, with a VORP of 94.0. Their steal status is further elevated because the 1995 draft class wasn't loaded.
What was the best draft class ever? Using average value for each year's draft picks to find the statistically best group.
There are two ways to approach calculating the best draft class ever: focus on elite players, since they are what teams are built around, or evaluate the entire class, top to bottom. Take your pick. Overall
Top 10
Top 5 Picking today, the 1999 draft class appears to have the best case for top draft class. It didn't produce any bona fide stars like 2003, but the depth of talent is nearly unmatched. However, there is no clear-cut winner, so the debate continues...
Apropos of my Q&A on early polling, Chris Wlezien sends the following, which is forthcoming in a book with Robert Erikson. They take all of the polls from up to 300 days before the presidential elections from 1956-2008 (except for 1968, which did not have polling that far back). They then forecast each presidential election outcome with the polls, starting 300 days before the election and continuing day-by-day until Election Eve. The figure below plots the trend in the r-squared from the forecasting equation. If polls were perfect predictors of the outcome, the r-squared would be 1.0. If the polls were pretty much useless predictors, the r-squared would be 0. The graph shows that polls 300 days have little predictive value at all. The r-squared values increase sharply during the next 3 months or so—when the eventual nominees are becoming better known during the primaries—and then increase more sharply again in the 3 months before the election, when the general election campaign is underway.
I interpret this as a useful cautionary tale about over-interpreting early polls.
Aam Aadmi Party convener Arvind Kejriwal today appealed to the people to vote for their party candidates, promising to "fight till our last breath" to stop the gas price hike in Parliament.
Addressing a rally here, Kejriwal said, "If you send us to Parliament, they (BJP and Congress) will not gather the courage and will never dare to increase the gas prices... We will fight till our last breath, we will sacrifice our lives but won't let the gas prices get quadruple at any cost." "If you vote for BJP or Congress, then be prepared to face the hike in gas prices, which will also lead to increase in prices of essential commodities... Even vegetable and fruit prices will shoot up," they said in this temple city, where they are pitted against BJP's PM candidate Narendra Modi.
The former Delhi Chief Minister said after they wrote a letter to the Election Commission requesting it to stop the implementation of hike in gas prices, the poll panel withheld it for two months till the elections are over.
Referring to Modi's alleged links with industrialists, particularly Gautam Adani, Kejriwal said, "Adani had a business of around Rs 3,000 crore in 2002 when Modi became Chief Minister of Gujarat, but after all these years now the business of Adani Group is Rs 84,000 crore." Kejriwal alleged that Modi was Adani's friend, and gave away agricultural lands at the rate of Re 1 per square metre to them and Ambanis.
They alleged that "these hoardings of Modi and their choppers rides are in return of their favours" to them. "This is the development model of Gujarat... where farmers and the people suffered but Adani and Ambani benefited," they alleged.
Adani, who had been in the eye of storm in the past few weeks, earlier today rejected such allegations and said they got no special favours from Modi and their group has since 1993 acquired only barren waste land for infrastructure projects.
The AAP chief also claimed that if BJP came to power at the Centre it would bring in FDI in retail sector.
It's one of the nervous flier's (numerous) nightmare scenarios. A potty fellow passenger makes a beeline for the emergency exit and yanks the door open, sending themselves, and any unsecured trolley dollies and holidaymakers, spinning into the stratosphere.
That nightmare almost became reality last week, when a passenger in first class attempted to open the cabin door on board a Delta Air Lines service between Chicago and Beijing. The crew managed to restrain them - but not after a struggle - and they were arrested once the plane touched down.
The apparent aftermath of an attempted door opening struggle
But are our fears founded? What would have happened had they been successful? Should someone actually manage to open the door of a large passenger aircraft at high altitude, the cabin would lose pressure – extremely rapidly – and chaos would ensue.
Even instances of slow decompression, of which there are an estimated 40 to 50 a year, can be fatal. In 2005 a Boeing 737 operated by Helios Airways crashed, killing all 121 passengers and crew (the deadliest air disaster in Greek history), after a gradual loss of cabin pressure. The lack of oxygen at 30,000 feet left the crew incapacitated, and the plane – on auto-pilot – slowly ran out of fuel, before plunging to the ground.
In such instances, oxygen masks (with enough oxygen to last several minutes) should drop from the ceiling to stave off hypoxia (a lack of oxygen, which leads to sluggish thinking, dimmed visions, unconsciousness and then death). In the cockpit, the flight crew will don their rubber masks and begin a rapid descent to a safe altitude – anything below 10,000ft (mountainous obstacles notwithstanding).
Oxygen masks will enable the pilot to get the plane to a safe altitude Credit: ALAMY
Sudden decompression, which would occur if a plane door was suddenly thrust open, is another matter. Anyone standing near the exit would be ejected into the sky; the cabin temperature would quickly plummet to frostbite-inducing levels, and the plane itself might even begin to break apart. In 1988, an Aloha Airlines flight (also a Boeing 737) with 90 people on board was en route to Honolulu, cruising at an altitude of 24,000 feet, when a small section of the roof ruptured.
The resulting “explosive” decompression tore off a larger section of the roof, and a 57-year-old flight attendant called Clarabelle Lansing was swept from their seat and out of the hole in the aircraft. Luckily, all other passengers were belted up, and the pilot managed to land 13 minutes later, avoiding further loss of life. Dozens of other examples of explosive decompression have been recorded, and it often doesn't end well - such as in the case of Japan Airlines Flight 123, when such a decompression was caused by a faulty repair, leading the Boeing 747 to crash into the mountains in Gunma with the loss of 520 lives, making it the deadliest single aircraft accident in history. And let's not forget the vaguely hilarious demise of James Bond's nemesis Goldfinger (see video below).
Fortunately, while decompression can be dangerous, it is not going to happen because a fellow flier fancied a bit of fresh air for one simple reason: it is simply impossible to open a plane door during a flight.
“Cabin pressure won't allow it,” explains Patrick Smith, an airline pilot and author of Cockpit Confidential, a book about air travel. “Think of an aircraft door as a drain plug, fixed in place by the interior pressure. Almost all aircraft exits open inward. Some retract upward into the ceiling; others swing outward; but they open inward first.
“At a typical cruising altitude, up to eight pounds of pressure are pushing against every square inch of interior fuselage. That's over 1,100 pounds against each square foot of door.”
So even Chuck Norris couldn't open it. But what about at lower altitudes, when cabin pressure is reduced?
“A meager two pounds per square inch is still more than anyone can displace — even after six cups of coffee and the aggravation that comes with sitting behind a shrieking baby,” says Smith. “The doors are further secured by a series of electrical and/or mechanical latches. You would need a hydraulic jack, and airport security doesn't allow those.”
But there has been at least one incident when a passenger did manage to open the door of an aircraft while it was in the sky. In 1971 “Dan 'D B' Cooper” hijacked a Boeing 727, extorted a $200,000 ransom ($1.2m in today's money), and then leapt from the rear exit with a parachute, never to be seen again. However, they had the pilot depressurise the plane in order to do so, while a year later “Cooper vanes” were installed to completely disable aircraft doors while the landing gear is up.
Small planes are not pressurised
Incidentally, the reason skydivers or military personnel can regularly leap from aircraft doors is because those planes are not pressurised.
On the ground, however, the situation changes — as one would hope, with the possibility of an evacuation in mind.
Smith explains: “While the plane is taxiing, you will get the door to open. You will also activate the door's emergency escape slide. As an aircraft approaches the gate, you will sometimes hear the cabin crew calling out ‘doors to manual'. This has to do with overriding the automatic deployment function of the slides. Those slides can unfurl with enough force to kill a person, and you don't want them billowing onto the jet bridge or into a catering truck.”
To purchase a copy of Patrick Smith's Cockpit Confidential, see askthepilot.com
Having guests over and want to make something special? This is the perfect dish for that! You must have heard or read about biryani before. It was created in India through the Mughals royal kitchen, as a confluence of the native spicy rice dishes of India and the Persian pilaf. So what makes a good biryani? You need to get your spices, meat, and rice cooked just right!
Time:
Prep time – 30 minutes
Cook time – 45 minutes
Ingredients for the Rice:
Tilda Basmati Rice – 3 cups (160 ml cup size)
Water – 3.75 cups (Vary as per your rice cooker)
Cloves – 2 pieces
Cardamom – 2 pieces
Cinnamon stick – 1 inch
Ginger garlic paste – 2 tsp
Large Red Onion (Thinly Sliced) – 1
Ghee – 4 tbsp
Salt – 1 tsp
Coriander for garnish – 1 tbsp
Method to cook Rice:
Add the ghee and spices to a saucepan. When the ghee is hot, add the sliced onions and ginger garlic paste. Saute till onions are brown To Add the rice and fry for 2 to 3 minutes Add the water, salt, and coriander leaves. Mix well Cook till rice is done
Ingredients for the Chicken:
Chicken thighs (cut into medium sized pieces) – 1/2 kg
Pearl onions OR Small Onions (Sliced) – one handful
Indian Green Chilli ( 2-inch length in size) – 7 (Chop the green chilli)
Ginger garlic paste – 1 tbsp
Large Red Onions (Thinly Sliced) – 1.5
Fennel Seed Powder – 1 tsp
Turmeric Powder – 1 tsp
Garam Masala Powder – 1 tsp
Salt – 1 tsp
Water – 3/4 cup
Coriander for garnish – 3 tbsp
Method to cook chicken:
In hot oil fry the sliced onions till golden brown Meanwhile, with a mortar and pestle, smash the pearl onion(or small onion) and the green chilli together Add the smashed pearl onions OR smashed small onions, ginger garlic paste, and smashed green chilli's to the sauteed onions. Saute for 3 minutes or until you get a good aroma Add the chicken, masalas, and water. Cook till the chicken is semi-dry Garnish with coriander and mix well for 2 minutes
Ingredients for the Biryani Topping:
Red Onion (Sliced) – 1/2
Boiled eggs – 4
Cashew nuts – 10
Raisins – 15
Ghee – 2 tbsp
Method to cook the topping:
Saute the red onions in hot ghee until deep fried Add the cashew nuts and raisins. Saute for one minute. Strain the sauteed toppings and set aside
Ingredients for the Raita:
Mini cucumber (Chopped) – 2
Pinch of salt
Coriander leaves – 2 tbsp
Plain Yogurt (mix until smooth)- 2 cups
Method to prepare the raita:
Mix the onion, cucumber, and coriander leaves into the smooth plain yogurt Set aside in the fridge for an hour until cool
Layering the biryani:
Take a deep serving dish and spread one layer of rice. Then spread a layer of the chicken. Continue to alternate between the rice and chicken. End with a rice layer
Sprinkle the sauteed cashew nut, raisins and onions over the top. Place the boiled eggs in a presentable way. Add some coriander for garnish
Enjoy the biryani with raita and pickle 🙂
Advertisements
MORRIS TOWNSHIP, N.J. -- A family of four, a coworker and a dog were killed Tuesday when a small plane crashed onto a northern New Jersey highway.
The plane took off at 9:50 a.m. from Teterboro Airport in Bergen County, N.J., and was on its way to DeKalb-Peachtree Airport in Atlanta, according to Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Jim Peters, who said three adults, two children and a dog were killed in the crash on Route 287.
Among those on the plane were Jeffrey F. Buckalew and Rakesh Chawla, who were managing directors of Greenhill & Co., a New York-based investment bank, according to a statement from the company.
According to the statement, the plane belonged to Buckalew, an experienced pilot whose passion was flying. The statement also said Buckalew's wife, Corinne, and their two children, Jackson and Meriwether, were on the plane.
The plane -- a Socata TBM-700 -- is a single engine turbo-prop plane that seats seven.
The crash happened about 10:04 a.m., after about 14 minutes in the air, said Robert Gretz, a National Transportation Safety Board spokesperson.
Sometime in between, the pilot of the plane called in icing conditions, but it was not clear whether that caused the plane to spin out in an "uncontrolled descent," apparently breaking up mid-air, Gretz said. Debris from the plane was scattered in a half-mile radius of the leafy Morris Township, N.J., neighborhood.
The call was described as "not a distress call, but as more of a conversation," Gretz said.
The plane hit the southbound lane of Route 287, narrowly missing a pick-up truck, and went through the median, Gretz said. No one was injured on the ground, they said.
Several residents in the area of Springbrook Road and James Street said they heard what they described as revving, whistling and an explosion from the plane. Many reported feeling their homes shake.
Michelle Bellog, of Springbrook Road, said they saw the plane explode above their house.
"I heard it revving, I looked out the window and heard the explosion," said Bellog. "Debris came down everywhere. It was very scary."
Sue Bhende, of in Morris Township, was sitting on their deck when they heard what sounded like an "engine sputtering and a deafeningly loud sound of a plane whistling." They said they felt their house shake.
"I saw the plane taking a nosedive and then a big fireball," they said, "and then a second explosion and then just a billow of smoke."
Another witness said the plane nose-dived into the roadway. The plane ended up in the trees in the median between the north- and south-bound lanes of the highway.
Peters, with the FAA, said a fire erupted after the plane crash and pieces of the plane were seen burning in the roadway.
One piece landed in Christina Rosania's driveway. It smells of fuel, they said, and was told not to touch it.
The registered owner of the plane is Cool Stream of New York , which is based out of a Manhattan apartment that is owned by Buckalew.
Before the accident was reported, the plane's pilot had been talking with the FAA radar facility in Ronkonkoma, N.Y. The radar facility lost contact with the aircraft shortly before the accident occurred, Peters said.
Robert F. Greenhill, chairperson, and Scott Bok, chief executive officer of Greenhill, issued a joint statement that said: "The firm is in deep mourning over the tragic and untimely death of two of its esteemed colleagues and members of Jeff's family. Jeff was one of the first employees of Greenhill. They and Rakesh were extraordinary professionals who were highly respected by colleagues and clients alike. They will be sorely missed and our sympathies go out to their families and friends."
Buckalew, 45, was head of Greenhill's North American Advisory activities. Prior to joining Greenhill in 1996 Buckalew was an associate for three years in the financial institutions group at Salomon Brothers.
Chawla, 36, was a managing director who specialized in the financial services sector. They joined the firm in 2003 from The Blackstone Group.
Greenhill & Co. is an independent investment bank focused on providing financial advice on significant mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financings and capital raisings to corporations, partnerships, institutions and governments, according to the statement.
Many Qt users encounter a need to integrate GPU compute solutions into their Qt-based applications. What is more, with the advent of compute API implementations and powerful GPUs on embedded devices, using OpenCL or CUDA on an Embedded Linux device is a reality now. In a previous post we looked at NVIDIA's Jetson TK1 board and discovered how easy it is to get started with CUDA development in Qt applications using OpenGL. When it comes to OpenCL, developers are not left out in the cold either, thanks to Hardkernel's ODROID-XU3, where the ARM Mali-T628 graphics processor provides full OpenCL 1.1 support with CL-GL interop in addition to OpenGL ES 3.0.
In this post we will take a look at a simple and powerful approach to integrating Qt Quick applications and OpenCL. We will focus on use cases that involve sharing OpenGL resources like textures or buffers between OpenGL and OpenCL. The examples demonstrate three standard compute use cases and we will see them running on an actual ODROID board.
Why OpenCL and Qt?
The ability to perform complex, highly parallel computations on embedded devices while keeping as much data on the GPU as possible and to visualize the results with Qt Quick and touch-friendly Qt Quick Controls open the door for easily creating embedded systems performing advanced tasks in the domain of computer vision, robotics, image and signal processing, bioinformatics, and all sorts of heavyweight data crunching. As an example, think of gesture recognition: with high resolution webcams, Qt Multimedia, Qt Quick, Qt Quick Controls, and the little framework presented below, applications can focus on the things that matter: the algorithms (OpenCL kernels) performing the core of the work and the C++ counterpart that enqueues these kernels. The rest is taken care of by Qt.
Looking back: Qt OpenCL
OpenCL is not unknown to Qt – once upon a time, back in the Qt 4 days, there used to be a Qt OpenCL module, a research project developed in Brisbane. It used to contain a full 1:1 API wrapper for OpenCL 1.0 and 1.1, and some very helpful classes to get started with CL-GL interop.
Today, with the rapid evolution of the OpenCL API, the availability of an official C++ wrapper, and the upcoming tighter C++ integration approaches like SYCL, we believe there is little need for straightforward Qt-ish wrappers. Applications are encouraged to use the OpenCL C or C++ APIs as they see fit. However, when it comes to the helpers that simplify common tasks like choosing an OpenCL platform and device so that we get interoperability with OpenGL, they turn out to be really handy. Especially when writing cross-platform applications. Case in point: Qt Multimedia 5.5 ships with an OpenCL-based example as presented in the video filters introduction post. The OpenCL initialization boilerplate code in that example is unexpectedly huge. This shows that the need for modern, Qt 5 based equivalents of the old Qt OpenCL classes like QCLContextGL has not gone away. In fact, with the ubiquity of OpenCL and OpenGL on all kinds of devices and platforms, they are more desirable than ever.
Qt 5.5 on the ODROID-XU3
Qt 5.5 introduces support for the board in the device makespec linux-odroid-xu3-g++. Just pass -device odroid-xu3 to configure.
For example, to build release mode binaries with a toolchain borrowed from the Raspberry Pi, assuming a sysroot at ~/odroid/sysroot:
./configure -release -prefix /usr/local -extprefix ~/odroid/sysroot/usr/local -hostprefix ~/odroid/qt5-build -device odroid-xu3 -device-option CROSS_COMPILE=~/odroid/toolchain/arm-bcm2708/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-raspbian-x64/bin/arm-linux-gnueabihf- -sysroot ~/odroid/sysroot -nomake examples -nomake tests -opengl es2
This will configure the Qt libraries and target tools like qmlscene to be deployed under /usr/local in the sysroot, while the host tools – like the x86 build of qmake that is to be used when building applications afterwards – get installed into ~/odroid/qt5-build.
When it comes to the platform plugins, both xcb and eglfs are usable, but only one at a time: the Mali graphics driver binary is different for X11 and fbdev, and has to be switched accordingly. The Ubuntu image from Hardkernel comes with X11 in place. While OpenGL is usable under X too, the usage of eglfs and the fbdev drivers is recommended, as usual.
For more information on the intricacies and a step-by-step guide to deploying Qt on top of the Hardkernel image, see this wiki page. If you have a Mali-based ARM Chromebook featuring a similar CPU-GPU combo, see here.
It is worth noting that thanks to Qt's Android port, running a full Android system with Qt apps on top is also feasible on this board.
Time for some action
Now to the fun part. Below are three examples running on the framebuffer in full HD resolution with the fbdev Mali driver variant, Qt 5.5 and the eglfs platform plugin. All of them utilize OpenCL 1.1, CL-GL interop, and are regular Qt Quick 2 applications. They all utilize the little example framework which we call Qt Quick CL for now.
OpenGL texture to OpenGL texture via OpenCL
First, let's take a look at a standard image processing use case: we will execute one or more OpenCL kernels on our input, which can be a Qt Quick Image element, a (potentially invisible) sub-tree of the scene, or any texture provider, and generate a new texture. With CL-GL interop the data never leaves the GPU: no pixel data is copied between the CPU and the GPU. Those familiar with Qt Quick have likely realized already that this is in fact an OpenCL-based alternative to the built-in, GLSL-based ShaderEffect items.
By using the easy-to-use base classes to automatically and transparently manage OpenCL and CL-GL initialization, and to hide the struggles and gotchas of Qt Quick's dedicated render thread and OpenGL contexts, the meat of the above application gets reduced to something like the following:
class CLRunnable : public QQuickCLImageRunnable { public: CLRunnable(QQuickCLItem *item) : QQuickCLImageRunnable(item) { m_clProgram = item->buildProgramFromFile(":/kernels.cl"); m_clKernel = clCreateKernel(m_clProgram, "Emboss", 0); } ~CLRunnable() { clReleaseKernel(m_clKernel); clReleaseProgram(m_clProgram); } void runKernel(cl_mem inImage, cl_mem outImage, const QSize &size) Q_DECL_OVERRIDE { clSetKernelArg(m_clKernel, 0, sizeof(cl_mem), &inImage); clSetKernelArg(m_clKernel, 1, sizeof(cl_mem), &outImage); const size_t workSize[] = { size_t(size.width()), size_t(size.height()) }; clEnqueueNDRangeKernel(commandQueue(), m_clKernel, 2, 0, workSize, 0, 0, 0, 0); } private: cl_program m_clProgram; cl_kernel m_clKernel; }; class CLItem : public QQuickCLItem { Q_OBJECT Q_PROPERTY(QQuickItem *source READ source WRITE setSource) public: CLItem() : m_source(0) { } QQuickCLRunnable *createCL() Q_DECL_OVERRIDE { return new CLRunnable(this); } QQuickItem *source() const { return m_source; } void setSource(QQuickItem *source) { m_source = source; update(); } private: QQuickItem *m_source; }; ... qmlRegisterType("quickcl.qt.io", 1, 0, "CLItem") ... import quickcl.qt.io 1.0 Item { Item { id: src layer.enabled: true ... } CLItem { id: clItem source: src ... } }
Needless to say, the application works on a wide variety of platforms. Windows, OS X, Android, and Linux are all good as long as OpenGL (ES) 2.0, OpenCL 1.1 and CL-GL interop are available. Getting started with OpenCL in Qt Quick applications won't get simpler than this.
OpenGL texture to arbitrary data via OpenCL
And now something more complex: an image histogram. Histograms are popular with Qt, and the recent improvements in Qt Multimedia introduce the possibility of efficiently calculating live video frame histograms on the GPU.
In this example we take it to the next level: the input is an arbitrary live sub-tree of the Qt Quick scene, while the results of the calculation are visualized with a little Javascript and regular OpenGL-based Qt Quick elements. Those 256 bars on the right are nothing else but standard Rectangle elements. The input image never leaves the GPU, naturally. All this with a few lines of C++ and QML code.
OpenGL vertex buffer generation with OpenCL
Last but not least, something other than GL textures and CL image objects: buffers! The position of the vertices, that get visualized with GL by drawing points, are written to the vertex buffer using OpenCL. The data is then used from GL as-is, no readbacks and copies are necessary, unlike with Qt Quick's own GL-based particle systems.
To make it all more exciting, the drawing happens inside a custom QQuickItem that functions similarly to QQuickFramebufferObject. This allows us to mix our CL-generated drawing with the rest of the scene, including Qt Quick Controls when necessary.
Looking forward: Qt Quick CL
QtQuickCL is a small research and demo framework for Qt 5 that enables easily creating Qt Quick items that execute OpenCL kernels and use OpenGL resources as their input or output. The functionality is intentionally minimal but powerful. All the CL-GL interop, including the selection of the correct CL platform and device, is taken care of by the module. The QQuickCLItem – QQuickCLRunnable split in the API ensures easy and safe CL and GL resource management even when Qt Quick's threaded render loop is in use. Additional convenience is provided for the cases when the input, output or both are OpenGL textures, like for instance the first two of the three examples shown above.
The code, including the three examples shown above, is all available on Gerrit and code.qt.io as a qt-labs repository. The goal is not to provide a full-blown OpenCL framework or wrapper, but rather to serve as a useful example and reference for integrating Qt Quick and OpenCL, and to help to get started with OpenCL development. Happy hacking!
Do you like this? Share it
Ramallah, occupied West Bank - Angry over the bombardment of Gaza, Palestinians in the West Bank are starting to shun Israeli goods.
In the past, concerted efforts have been made to rid the Palestinian market of products originating in Jewish settlements built illegally in the occupied West Bank - but never goods made in Israel. Last week, large supermarket chains began to clear their shelves of Israeli products, promising customers they would replenish them with Palestinian or imported ones.
Salem Hmeidat said the supermarket they work for in Ramallah was slowly replacing Israeli goods. "We are starting off with fresh produce and foodstuffs," Hmeidat said. "Our progress depends on how receptive our customers are to these changes."
Palestinians, a captive consumer market, are deeply economically reliant on Israel. Up until May 2014, 86.5 percent of Palestinian exports went to Israel, while approximately 65 percent of all Palestinian imports came from Israel, totalling approximately $300m worth of goods.
Dr Nafeth Abu Baker, an economist at An-Najah University in Nablus, said that for now, the economic boycott is a useful "non-violent tool of the struggle" that can eventually help create jobs and boost sales of local goods. But they acknowledged that its real effects would only be seen in the long run.
"Having a complete boycott is unattainable when there are goods or services we cannot import from elsewhere or provide locally, such as electricity, fuel, gas, and water," Abu Baker said. "Also, if we want to see substantial changes, every effort should be made on the part of government, civil society, and consumer protection bodies to change attitudes about Palestinian goods."
In 2005, several hundred Palestinian civil society groups launched a call for the boycott, divestment, and sanction (BDS) of Israel. The BDS movement's goals are to end the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands, recognise full equality of the rights of Palestinian citizens of Israel, and allow Palestinian refugees to return to their homes.
While not directly affiliated with the formal BDS movement, young Palestinians have kick-started a campaign called Support Your Occupation to raise awareness among customers that buying Israeli goods contributes to the army's hold on the West Bank and Gaza.
As part of this effort, volunteers are travelling to West Bank cities and towns and identifying Israeli goods in an effort to dissuade shoppers from buying them. "Six years ago when I would talk about boycotting Israeli goods, people would roll their eyes at me," said Aisha Mansour, a volunteer with the campaign. "Today the boycott movement is expanding in many ways."
by Miguel de Icaza
First the big news: Microsoft will be applying the Community Promise patent licensing to both C# and the CLI.
The announcement was done by Peter Galli at Microsoft over at Port25 and it states (emphasis is mine):
I have some good news to announce: Microsoft will be applying the Community Promise to the ECMA 334 and ECMA 335 specs. ECMA 334 specifies the form and establishes the interpretation of programs written in the C# programming language, while the ECMA 335 standard defines the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) in which applications written in multiple high-level languages can be executed in different system environments without the need to rewrite those applications to take into consideration the unique characteristics of those environments. "The Community Promise is an excellent vehicle and, in this situation, ensures the best balance of interoperability and flexibility for developers," Scott Guthrie, the Corporate Vice President for the .Net Developer Platform, told me July 6. It is important to note that, under the Community Promise, anyone can freely implement these specifications with their technology, code, and solutions. You do not need to sign a license agreement, or otherwise communicate to Microsoft how you will implement the specifications. The Promise applies to developers, distributors, and users of Covered Implementations without regard to the development model that created the implementations, the type of copyright licenses under which it is distributed, or the associated business model. Under the Community Promise, Microsoft provides assurance that it will not assert its Necessary Claims against anyone who makes, uses, sells, offers for sale, imports, or distributes any Covered Implementation under any type of development or distribution model, including open-source licensing models such as the LGPL or GPL. You can find the terms of the Microsoft Community Promise here. I told you this was good news!
A few months ago we approached Bob Muglia and Brian Goldfarb (@bgoldy) at Microsoft with a request to clarify the licensing situation for the ECMA standards covering C# and the CLI (also ISO standards, for the ISO loving among you).
Previously Microsoft had detailed the patent license plans and today they have delivered on those plans.
Astute readers will point out that Mono contains much more than the ECMA standards, and they will be correct.
In the next few months we will be working towards splitting the jumbo Mono source code that includes ECMA + A lot more into two separate source code distributions. One will be ECMA, the other will contain our implementation of ASP.NET, ADO.NET, Winforms and others.
Depending on how you get Mono today, you might already have the split in house or not.
Thanks to everyone at Microsoft that worked to get this approved and released. We appreciate that they made this a priority when we approached them, and we know that everyone in the .NET team was also incredibly busy with various betas: .NET 4, Visual Studio 2010, Silverlight, MVC, MEF and much more.
I am overflowing with joy right now. Cheers!
Update: Send your thanks to @bgoldy on tweeter, who crossed all the t's and dotted all the i's to make this happen.
Update: Moderation of comments is taking place. Off topic messages will be removed immediatly. Trolling, as mild as it might be will be deleted. If you want to argue what language is the best one take the debate to a newsgroup.
This is our weekly game review post, examining half the games from week 11. My colleague Sam will be along with the other half shortly.
Bills Vs. Chargers
QB: The Great Nathan Peterson Experiment® ended in record-setting fashion. Unfortunately, the ‘record' set was ‘worst NFL quarterback performance in the past forty years'. Woof. Peterson threw almost as many completions to the Chargers (5) as they did to their own receivers (6). Unsurprisingly, Tyrod Taylor took over at the half. Bafflingly, Buffalo has not named a starting QB for week 12. The best money is on Taylor, and they put up a respectable fantasy stat-line which was impressive given they only played half the game. On a day where their team scored 54 points, Philip Rivers' fantasy owners have got to be disappointed in their good-not-great fantasy line. Still, their schedule is cake going forward, and startable quarterbacks are dropping like flies, so Rivers stock is looking up to finish out the season well.
RB: The Great LeSean McCoy Experiment® continues to pay dividends. In this world of injured or otherwise ineffective running backs, Shady McCoy is an elite RB1 weekly. With the Chargers way ahead almost immediately, Melvin Gordon quickly racked up 20 carries and sat the fourth quarter. With the emergence of Austin Ekeler, Gordon's ceiling is now capped, since he's likely to be benched early in blowouts. Ekeler had second great fantasy game in as many weeks, though they got all their work in the fourth quarter of this blowout running against a demoralized defense in garbage time.  They are not to be trusted as a fantasy starter unless something happens to Gordon.
WR: The Great Kelvin Benjamin Experiment® has been set back after Benjamin took an early helmet to the knee. Zay Jones is going to be the receiver to own here by default in week 12, though, beyond that, things are murky. Benjamin, Jones, and Jordan Matthews are all potential contributors. Keenan Allen, the poster boy for positive touchdown regression scored for the first time since week 1 (and then did it again just to make sure everyone knew it wasn't a fluke). Allen has a very nice schedule going forward and their talent plus their usage means that owners should expect WR1 performance from them through the end of the season. Mike Williams‘ 8 targets and 5 catches were more than all of their other games this season combined. Williams was the clear second option on this team after Allen, and as such may be someone to keep an eye on for receiver-needy teams, despite their unimpressive stat line from this game.
TE: The Great Charles Clay Experiment® continues to promise, despite disappointing results on paper. Clay had a touchdown called back and dropped another end-zone target. Their consistent red-zone targets make them a prime target for positive touchdown regression, especially considering the injuries to the receiving corps. Hunter Henry continued to be a bit player on the Chargers' offense, and there's no reason to believe that will change anytime soon, unfortunately.
Buccaneers vs. Dolphins
QB: The problem with Ryan Fitzpatrick is that sometimes he's Fitz-Jekyll and sometimes he's Fitz-hyde. Either way, even with the sorry state of quarterback availability for fantasy teams, the rumors that Jameis Winston may play in week 12 make Fitzpatrick all but droppable. Jay Cutler split the game evenly with Matt Moore after suffering a concussion on the last play of the first half. It's unclear whether Cutler will be starting next week against the Patriots. The Dolphins are so bad that this feels like a game of Russian roulette where every chamber is loaded.
RB: The good news for Doug Martin owners is that the Buccaneers did not make good on their threats to give Peyton Barber more carries. The bad news is that Martin continues to suck it up, even in extremely favorable matchups. It's almost always a good idea to play a back like Martin in fantasy who is reliably getting 18-20 touches weekly, though martin's ineffectiveness means he's at risk for a drop in opportunities. For the second week in a row, Damien Williams out-touched Kenyan Drake, and Williams seems to be pulling away, though they have a way to go yet before they sustain a volume-based floor. Notably, nearly all of Williams' production came on one long run, and Drake had more snaps, despite their lesser usage. Neither back looked particularly impressive.
WR: Mike Evans returned from their one-week suspension properly chastened, and quickly returned to WR1 status. They missed out on an overthrown touchdown, though their target share, usage, and talent mean he's a locked-in WR1 for the rest of the season, regardless of opponent. Desean Jackson owners were lucky they received a score, as their usage has been trending downward of late (exception of course last week when Mike Evans was out). For as long as they continue to get fewer than 5 targets a game, Jackson is only a desperation play weekly. Let's play a word association game: Peas are to Carrots as Moore is to ? (answer: Kenny Stills). Coming out of the half with just one target, Stills exploded when Moore came in. Owners should watch Cutler's health carefully coming into week 12, as Stills will be a very good start if Smokin' Jay sits. Jarvis Landry looked like some sort of hungry jungle cat in the slot, and they should feast next week against a New England secondary that has been consistently beaten over the middle. Devante Parker had a mediocre day, but he's still averaging around 9 targets a game since their return, which tells me he's due for some positive regression.
TE: O. J. Howard was involved early and often in this one, doing nearly all their damage on the first drive. While they boom about one-third of the time, Howard's floor makes them a poor play on any given week. The once-mighty Cameron Brate has now settled into a comfortable pattern of making one reception for ~10 yards per game. Eww. After a two week mini-breakout, Julius Thomas has gone back to being just a guy in Miami. There's no defensible reason to start them next week.
Jaguars vs. Browns
QB: Blake Bortles continues to channel 2015 Peyton Manning, whose defense won them games while they underperformed.
RB: After hinting all week that they might miss week 11 with an ankle injury, Leonard Fournette had 30 touches. Everyone who sat them was left feeling like that Australian fellow from Jurassic Park. “Clever girl”. Impressively, Fournette threw down more than 100 yards from scrimmage against one of the league's premier run defenses. After getting double-digit carries for the first time this season in week 10, Duke Johnson was scaled waaaaay back in week 11. Still, they looked good and scored from the slot. I like their chances going forward, especially with Corey Coleman drawing coverage downfield. Isaiah Crowell was outmatched in this game, though this is hardly surprising. Things look bleak for Crowell going forward, as their rest of season schedule is littered with top-tier run defenses.
WR: Marqise Lee didn't have a great game, though this should be their floor as long as they continue to receive 9+ targets weekly. Dede Westbrook looked promising in limited snaps. It's still too early to start them in week 12, but they need to be owned and watched carefully. Corey Coleman returned from a lengthy absence with a vengeance, throwing down 80 yards against the league's best secondary. It's encouraging that even on a day where Deshone Kizer looked like the brown water that has pooled around the subway tracks, Coleman still produced like a WR1. Things should get very interesting quickly when 2013 2017 fantasy league-winner Josh Gordon returns.
Ravens vs. Packers
QB: With Baltimore's defense pitching its third shutout of the year, Joe Flacco put on their ‘game manager' cape, and tried to not screw anything up. They succeeded wildly. Brett Hundley put on their ‘game manager' cape when their team needed them to put on their ‘Aaron Rodgers' cape. After their third interception. Alex Smith showed up in a puff of red smoke and asked Hundley to kindly return the cape.
RB: Even with Danny Woodhead back, Alex Collins led the team in carries (20) and targets (7!). Yowza. This is bell cow usage, and as long as he's getting it, Collins is a valuable fantasy asset regardless of opponent. For their part, Woodhead doesn't look like he'll be involved on the ground, though their 6 targets were encouraging. He's clearly supplanted Buck Allen, and should find fantasy relevance soon. Jamaal Williams succeeded under the weight of extreme volume which was all the more impressive given how badly their team was trailing all game. He's not a special talent, but as long as Ty Montgomery and Aaron Jones are out they should be a decent play.
WR: Mike Wallace had the only impressive play of the game, with their one-handed touchdown catch (his second in as many games). Still, their usage is too sporadic to be a reliable option weekly. Jeremy Maclin came out of the bye looking unimpressive. This is disappointing since they looked to be rounding into form coming into that bye. Davante Adams is the only Packer's receiver worth a damn as long as Hundley is under center. Jordy Nelson is droppable in any league where one's fantasy name doesn't depend on owning them (looking at you, Full Nelson's).
Saints vs. Redskins
QB: For the first time in their career, Drew Brees has both a dominant defense and a dominant run game. It's killing their fantasy production. Brees did have two touchdowns this week, but both came in the final three minutes of the game as the Saints were in a rare catch-up spot. After a brief repose from greatness, Kirk Cousins is back to kicking butt.
RB: Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara are the #1 and #2 fantasy backs per game over the last four weeks, and both look to be fully on track to finish the year at top-3 options. Unreal. With Rob Kelley and now Chris Thompson on IR, Samaje Perine looks to be in line for a very healthy workload. While Perine looked awful earlier in the year, they were a new man in this game, routinely hitting the hole and chunking yardage. They now appear to have has the magic fantasy combo of talent + opportunity.
WR: Coming into this week, Michael Thomas was second to only Keenan Allen in positive touchdown regression potential. Good things are coming, Thomas owners– talent and usage demand it. Ted Ginn Sr. continues to represent a 50/50 chance for a decent fantasy day on any given week. Josh Doctson is inching closer to a breakout, especially with Terelle Pryor and Thompson going on IR this week. Jamison Crowder has established a very respectable yardage based floor over the past three weeks. They could be a late-season breakout candidate if they can start to find the end-zone.
TE: Coby Fleener had a decent game, yes, but remember, he's hit 0.00 fantasy points (or fewer!) in three games this season. Their floor is a flooded basement. Like Crowder, Vernon Davis has proved to be a high-floor player based on yardage.  They are an iron-clad guarantee to score against the Giants in week 12.
Bengals vs. Broncos
QB: Andy Dalton had an impressive start against an increasingly average Denver secondary. He's proved themselves to be the kind of guy who is startable in good matchups. Brock Osweiler was their normal putrid self, though they certainly aren't helped by several egregious drops by their receiving corps. Either way, it's Paxton Lynch time going forward.
RB: Joe Mixon received 20 carries for the first time in their career, but did little with them. They have not eclipsed 50 yards on the ground since week 5 and is the kind of guy who will disappoint if they don't score. Devontae Booker out-snapped and out-carried C.J. Anderson for the first time this season. Ironically, it was Anderson who notched the lone rushing touchdown (his first since week 2). There are rumors of an offensive shakeup, and Denver has fired its offensive coordinator, so things could change, but for the moment it looks like Booker may be the back to own in Denver (though to be clear they did not look significantly better than Anderson in this game).
WR: Even against tough coverage, the Bengals found a way to get A.J. Green a score. Demaryius Thomas led the team in targets and notched a score, though their stock is trending downward amidst rumors the team was trying to shop them at the trade deadline and the fact that Paxton Lynch has heavily favored Emmanuel Sanders in their two starts.
TE: Tyler Kroft had a quiet day, but they did manage to catch a 1-yard touchdown where they were wide open.
Falcons vs. Seahawks
QB: This game may be more of an indictment of Seattle's injury-ridden secondary and less proof that Matt Ryan has any chance of being a top-tier quarterback this year. Atlanta's receivers were getting open at will. With 86 yards on the ground and a rushing score, Russell Wilson was the RB#6 this week. Unreal. It's clear that Seattle's recently gelded defense is going to put Wilson in the midst of a lot of shootouts for the rest of the season. He's the unquestioned QB1 for the rest of the year, and it's not particularly close.
RB: With Devonta Freeman out, Tevin Coleman predictably got an uptick in usage and was able to turn in a solid day against a very respectable run defense. With Freeman almost certain to return next week, he'll go back to being just a guy. With Thomas Rawls a surprise inactive, and Eddie Lacy clearly playing hurt, newly elevated practice squad member Mike Davis looked good. As is tradition in the Seattle backfield, Davis exited early with a groin injury. In their absence, J.D. McKissic racked up a half-dozen carries and some receptions. McKissic looked good enough, but he'll need volume in order to thrive, and this backfield is crowded.
WR: Another week, another end-zone target uncaught for Julio Jones. Coming into this game, Jones had 1 catch on 10 end-zone targets. Positive regression demands that they score soon. Mohomed Sanu didn't do much, though they did salvage their day with a touchdown (as they do most weeks). Sanu will score more weeks than not, given Jones' red zone phobia. As Wilson heats up, he'll be bringing Doug Baldwin along with him. Paul Richardson has edged out Tyler Lockett as the third passing option on the team, though Lockett is probably more valuable in teams that score kick returns.
TE: Austin Hooper stayed back to block for most of this game. While they had been trending up leading to this game, he'll really only be a good play should Sanu miss more time. Jimmy Graham has now scored 7 touchdowns in the past 6 games and has been the TE#1 overall in fantasy during that time. Graham is Wilson's first look in the red zone, and even when they let touchdown throws go through their hands (as they did at least once this week), he's bound to catch a TD every week with the targets he's getting.
January 25th, 2089 (Part 3)
We stowed our gear and made our quarters more like home. They are about the size of a loft apartment, with generous ceilings and monitors built into the walls to simulate windows. I've tuned mine to display a constant, but gentle rain storm on a Washington bluff. I once wrote an entire novel in a place like that, and I hope it will inspire me. I set up my personal computer next to it.
The bed is a queen and every inch of the bedroom is built for storage or utility. There's a computer system built into the wall with touch screens and motion monitoring as well as voice commands. It calls me “your lordship” every time I walk in now. It's one of the programmable options.
I sat on a park bench for nearly an hour while the rest of the crew made themselves at home. There's a park to go along with the bench. The artificial trees look and behave so real that the leaves will drop when fall comes around and bud come spring. A breeze blows through from time to time, reflective of the seasons. The Captain can set the Earth-equivalent location for those seasons, though it will never snow. It is very peaceful, and the artificial bird-sounds are a nice touch.
We toured the engine room and I saw for myself the Time-Vortex drive. It's a cylinder the size of a small house with points of light along its length that reminded me of a music box drum. It rotated like one as well, constantly humming at a frequency just inside human perception. After a few minutes it drove me utterly mad and I was glad we left.
Tomorrow we will go up to the bridge and witness the disembarking of the Icarus from Luna Station. We will broadcast one last beam to Earth before entering the Mars-Jupitor tunnel. I've heard our Cans await us just beneath the bridge. My excitement builds, I assure you.
[DELETED] said they would come by tonight. We'd talk about our projects and get to know one another. I agreed but now I find myself unsure about it. The ease of our companionship feels wrong somehow. It was never that easy with them I chased them for years. That feels like a lifetime ago.
I suppose I ought to change the computer to say something other than “your lordship” anyhow. Perhaps something like “sir” or just Will. They always used to call me Will.
Christ. Tomorrow can't come soon enough, I need to go.
Advertisements
Playing the AWS ec2 Spot Market
Matthew Powers Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 27, 2016
The ec2 spot market fluctuates based on the supply and demand for ec2 instances. You can save a lot of money by timing the market and using more computing resources when they're cheap.
Here is how to save the most amount of money:
Run calculations when the market price is cheap Use the cheapest zone Abort calculations if the market price unexpectedly rises
How the Spot Market Works
Amazon sells excess ec2 capacity on the spot market for any bids greater than the market price. If the market price rises above the spot bid price, then Amazon automatically shuts down the spot instance. “However, unlike traditional bidding, when your Spot instances start running, you pay the live Spot market price (not your bid amount).”
Spot Instances “allow you to bid on spare Amazon EC2 computing capacity for up to 90% off the On-Demand price” and can provide massive cost savings.
Introduction to ec2 Spot Instances
ec2 spot instances function the same as on demand or reserve instances — the only difference is the pricing model.
Spot Pricing History
This AWS guide explains how to view the spot market price for the past day, week, month, or three months. Let's take a look at the pricing for r3.xlarge instances for the past day.
r3.xlarge Pricing Past Day
From 7PM until 6AM, the spot pricing was quite low. Starting at 8AM, the spot price increased dramatically and started fluctuating rapidly.
r3.xlarge on demand instances cost $0.33, so the overnight spot rate of $0.07 represents a 79% discount. Big savings!
The spot pricing for the past week shows that prices are low during the weekends.
r3.xlarge Pricing Past Day
On Saturday, November 5th and Sunday, November 6th, the prices stayed in the $0.05 range and were always below $0.10.
Running big calculations during the weekend is a great way to save money.
Key Takeaway
The spot price is high during peak working hours and low at night and during the weekends. Running computations at night or on the weekend is the main way to save money with ec2 spot instances!
How much money can you save?
Suppose you need to run a calculation on a 40 node cluster for 8 hours.
40 on demand clusters costs $105.60 (40 nodes * $0.33 * 8 hours)
40 spot nodes at $0.07 costs $22.40 (40 nodes * $0.07 * 8 hours)
Timing the spot market saves $83.20 for this computation. If you run this computation on a daily basis, you'll save $2,500 a month.
Finding Cheap Prices
Running computations with spot nodes when the market price is low is the key to saving money. It's all about delaying the computation until the market price is cheap and running the computations in the cheapest zone.
Pricing by Zone
Regions have many zones, each with their own market price. At 9:31PM on November 20th, the us-east-1c and us-east-1d zones were significantly cheaper than the us-east-1a and us-east-1e zones.
Spot Price — All Zones
The us-east-1c zone was at $0.0512 compared to an on-demand price of $0.33 — a 84% discount. The us-east-1a zone was 455% more expensive than the us-east-1c zone. Choose the zone wisely!
Warning!
There are data transfer fees when moving data between zones! I run computations and write out results to S3, so I'm not transferring data between zones — make sure to factor this into your analysis.
Spot Bid Price
Remember the spot market will accept bids when the spot bid price is higher than the market price, but will only charge the market price — you don't need to pay the bid price. If the market price is $0.06 and you make a bid of $0.15, you'll pay $0.06 and will lose the instances if the market price rises above $0.15.
Setting the spot bid price is a great way to cap the amount you'll spend on a calculation. If the market price unexpectedly rises, you might want to abort a computation and run it some other time.
Let's look at the worse case overnight spot prices over the past week in the us-east-1c region:
November 15th at 1:18AM: $0.18
November 15th at 10:10PM: $0.10
November 18th at 12:09AM: $0.20
November 19th at 1:09AM: $0.17
The market quickly normalized after these price spikes, so it probably wouldn't have been worth aborting overnight calculations this week. To play it safe, you can set the spot bid price at 100% of the on demand price in case of a highly irregular overnight price spike.
Advice from Amazon
Here's a video by AWS on how to determine your spot bidding strategy.
Deciding Your Spot Bidding Strategy
Success Stories
Several AWS users have cut ec2 costs by using the spot market.
Pintrest cut costs 63% by using spot instances and implementing other cost saving measures
University of Melbourne saves 56% by using spot instances
Vimeo saves about 50% by bidding 10% over the current spot price
Amazon acquired an ec2 spot market savings startup
ec2 Spot Bid Advisor
The Spot Bid Advisor “analyzes Spot price history to help you determine a bid price that suits your needs.”
The web page presents: “Savings compared to On-Demand based on the selected bid price, and calculated over the last 30 days, excluding any time your instance would not be running because you would have been outbid.”
When the bid price is set to 100% of on demand, the r3.xlarge savings over on demand is 73%. The market price of spot instances is generally much lower than on demand instances and you'll still save a lot with a high spot bid price because the market price is used for spot node billing.
The ec2 spot bid advisor is a great way to estimate the cost saving potential of playing the spot market, but it doesn't provide the real-time, specific information that's needed to implement the cost saving strategy. I'd be awesome if the advisor analyzed historical data and provided information on the optimal times and zones to run calculations for different clusters.
Should You Play the ec2 Spot Market?
The ec2 spot market is best for computations that can be run when the market price for ec2 instances is cheap. Companies can save thousands by running computations at night or during the weekend.
Simply using ec2 spot instances with a spot bid price of 100% the on demand price and falling back to on demand instances when the spot price is higher would also offer huge savings.
It's fun to time the market and cut your ec2 bill in half.
Additional Reading
Databricks and recently released an awesome article on using the spot market with their platform.
Exclusive: Zynga About to File for IPO
Zynga is poised to file for its initial public offering, according to sources close to the situation.
The filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission could come as early as this week, or next week at the latest.
The move is not entirely unexpected, given how well the recent IPOs of several Internet companies have done recently, including business networking site LinkedIn last week and Russian search giant Yandex today.
Their strong performances show the huge investor appetite for fast-growing and high-profile Web 2.0 firms. Wall Street is also prepping for eventual public offerings from social buying site Groupon and, the big fish, Facebook.
Zynga's valuation in its last round of funding was $10 billion, but it is likely to price itself higher in an offering.
After all, LinkedIn now has a market valuation of $9 billion, double its pre-IPO price.
Whatever the price, a Zynga IPO is a major coup, especially given how quickly it has morphed into one of the most important forces in online gaming, largely via distribution on the Facebook platform.
The company claims that it has 250 million people actively playing its games every month. Its largest game currently is CityVille, which attracts 90 million monthly users, reports AppData. Its original Poker game still manages to attract 35 million monthly users.
Its early titles, such as FarmVille and Mafia Wars, first vaulted the San Francisco-based company into consumer prominence, and it has recently struck a number of high-profile branding deals with Lady Gaga and the makers of the upcoming animated movie “Kung Fu Panda 2,” among others.
That's also meant a solid business. Zynga reportedly generated about $400 million in profit last year on about $850 million in revenue, although sources said the filing will reveal much more robust numbers.
The company has also grown its work force quickly. Last year, Zynga hired more than 800 people and today has more than 1,500 full-time employees in 13 offices, spanning six countries.
Recently, at the opening of its new Seattle office, its founder and CEO Mark Pincus–who has tried to hit the start-up jackpot many times before–said they had Amazon-sized ambitions for Zynga, referring to that city's online retail giant.
Depending on how the offering goes, they might want to think bigger.
Sources said Goldman Sachs will be among the lead bankers in the Zynga offering.
Zynga declined to comment on its IPO plans.
Alvaro Morata made their international debut in 2014 and has 20 caps for Spain
Chelsea have completed the club record £60m signing of striker Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid on a five-year deal.
The Spain international, 24, scored 20 goals last season after rejoining Real from Italian champions Juventus.
Morata won La Liga and the Champions League, but the majority of their appearances were as a substitute.
Premier League champions Chelsea have also signed goalkeeper Willy Caballero, defender Antonio Rudiger and midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko this summer.
Morata will now join up with the Blues squad on their pre-season tour of Asia.
Chelsea's previous transfer record was the £50m they paid Liverpool for Fernando Torres in January 2011.
"Alvaro has proven class at the highest level and their quality will be a huge asset," said Chelsea technical director Michael Emenalo.
Morata could replace Spain team-mate Diego Costa, who manager Antonio Conte says was told in January that they no longer featured in their plans.
Manchester United had been interested in Morata before they signed Belgium striker Romelu Lukaku from Everton for an initial £75m.
"I'm going to the team managed by the coach who has placed the most faith in me, and that's great for me," Morata told AS on Wednesday.
The 6ft 3in striker joined Real Madrid's youth team in 2008 and made their senior debut aged 18 in 2010.
They moved to Italy in 2014, scoring 27 goals in two years for Juventus, winning both Serie A and the Coppa Italia twice and playing in the 2015 Champions League final.
Real exercised an option in June 2016 to take them back to the Bernabeu.
Morata has 20 caps for Spain and has scored nine goals since their international debut in 2014.
Morata v Lacazette v Lukaku - the stats 2016-17 Alvaro Morata Alexandre Lacazette Romelu Lukaku Games 26 30 37 Minutes 1,331 2,408 3,267 Goals 15 28 25 Assists 4 3 6 Minutes per goal 89 86 131 Total shots 55 84 110
The stats
Morata's conversion rate last season was 27%, the highest of any striker to score 10 or more goals in La Liga in 2016-17 - they scored 15 goals from 55 shots.
Morata's goals won Real Madrid 13 points in La Liga last season. Only Cristiano Ronaldo won more for the side with 15.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
In Super 8, writer/director J.J. Abrams (pictured) tells the story of a group of adolescent filmmakers in a small Ohio town whose big dream is to get their film into the fictional Cleveland International Super 8 Film Festival. The film never shows us if their movie makes it — the kids are sidetracked by an alien invasion, after all — but in real life Abrams was part of a real life band of teen filmmakers showcased at a festival titled “The Best Teen Super 8mm Films of '81.” Held at L.A.'s Nuart Theater in March 1982, it helped launch the career of not only Abrams (director of the Star Trek reboot, and creator of TV's Alias, Lost, etc.), but a whole community of film and TV talent. Matt Reeves, who went on to co-create Felicity with Abrams and direct films such as Cloverfield, was there with their 28-minute Hitchockian thriller Stiletto. Larry Fong, the cinematographer for Lost and Super 8, screened their 15-minute spoof Toast Encounters of the Burnt Kind. The event also boasted films from less-heralded talents like screenwriter Mark Sanderson (I'll Remember April, Silent Venom), who screened their film The Last Silent Swordsman, and the broader circle of filmmaking friends working with the participants included actor/writer Greg Grunberg (co-star of the TV series Heroes) and producers Bryan Burk (Star Trek, Super 8, Mission: Impossible: Ghost Protocol) and Lawrence Trilling (NBC's Parenthood).
Perhaps most significantly, the festival introduced Abrams to future Super 8 producer Steven Spielberg, who after reading an article about it in the Los Angeles Times (titled The Beardless Wonders of Film Making) hired Abrams and Reeves to clean their old teenage 8mm films and repair the splices for $300.
The festival was the brainchild of Gerard Ravel, the 35-year-old host of the local public access show Word of Mouth who had previously toured the country screening surfing films at repertory cinemas and would later go on to found NSI Video, a leading distributor of skateboarding and surf videos.
On the eve of Super 8‘s DVD/blu-ray release, we tracked down Ravel (who now works as a real estate agent in Hermosa Beach, CA) to talk about what it was like to work with Abrams and company in the days before cell phone video cameras and the internet turned DIY filmmaking and distribution into an anyone-can-do-it proposition.
Filmmaker: Were you always an entrepreneur?
Ravel: I have an acting background. I was born in Burbank, but we lived in Hollywood. My dad was a character actor back in the Love Lucy days. I was an actor when I was two-years old in An American in Paris with Gene Kelly. When I was 8, I did puppet shows in my parents' living room and charged kids five cents apiece to come in and watch.
Filmmaker: What inspired you to start your public access TV show Word of Mouth?
Ravel: Public access was our YouTube. That was the only way you could produce a show and get it aired. When we started the show, it was a 30-minute interview showcase format, which was a great way for me to invite on talented people. The first person I had on was Fred Crippen [Roger Ramjet, Skyhawks, etc.], an award-winning animator who owned Pantomime Pictures. After that, we started adding artists, musicians and filmmakers to come on the show. The whole idea was to promote everybody, because there was no way to do it in those days. Then I discovered that this was a great opportunity for me to find talent I could use later — musicians, actors and filmmakers — and eventually produce our own movies.
Filmmaker: How did you start bringing on amateur Super 8 filmmakers?
Ravel: That was a surprise. At the end of our show, I'd say, “If you know anyone or you'd like to come on, here's our phone number. Give us a call.” One day, I get a message on my phone machine. It said, “My name is J.J. I'm 15-years old. I've been making films for seven years, and I would like to be on your show.” I thought it was a prank… because most of my audience was older. So I called the number and I went over to their home [in L.A.'s Pacific Palisades neighborhood] and met them and their parents. They were really nice people and J.J. was one of the most polite, courteous kids I ever met. They loved working with makeup and special effects. They put the films on their Super 8 projector, and I knew this kid was going to make it. Their enthusiasm was over the top, and as soon as I saw him, I said, “You know what? He's going to be a great interview. He's going to inspire other people to call my show.” We ended up doing two shoes [with Abrams]. Then the next week I get another call, and it's Matt Reeves. They say, “I'm 15-years old. I saw J.J.'s films on your show. I have a 30-minute film and I'd like to be on your show.” That's when I knew I'd struck a chord, because now all of these kids who were wanting to be filmmakers were watching my show.
Filmmaker: Showing their films also helped with your bottom line.
Ravel: It was pretty much all about costs. I had to pay for everything and public access didn't allow commercials. When I would interview a filmmaker and then show their films, I could actually do three interviews in one day, two interviews the next, transfer their films to video and edit a 3/4-inch master for under $150 per show. There was no way I could do that with anything else.
Filmmaker: When did you decide to do the festival?
Ravel: After Matt and J.J. were on, then we said, ‘What if we did a show at the Nuart Theater [an art house theater in West Los Angeles], and they both were enthusiastic. Between Matt and J.J., I had 90 minutes of short films. So we decided to book a matinee at the theater with only those two guys called “The All-New Teen Super 8 Film Festival.” We charged $3.50 per ticket… and it was successful. We all looked at each other and said, “This is what we want to do.”
Filmmaker: When was this?
Ravel: It was in October of 1981. I said, “But where are we going to get new films. We can't play the same ones.” J.J. looked at me and said, “I'm working on a film right now. It's called High Voltage. I'll have that done on Super 8, finished and in the can in three weeks.” I said, “What?!” You have to understand that they were only 15 at the time. They had some car chases, so their grandma let me drive the car. Dom DeLuise's oldest son [Peter, who later starred opposite Johnny Depp on the TV series 21 Jump Street] was the star of the film. They were one of J.J.'s friends; they went to school together. I did all the lighting. I was the transportation. I used to work for the studios at [IATSE] Local 33 [stagehands union] for about seven years, so I knew how to do all that. J.J. would write and direct and I would basically produce, and we kept running around getting all these different locations and finished it in three weeks. We had a small article in the L.A. Times about the matinee show, so other people started calling us about their films, including Larry [Fong].
Filmmaker: You said you had agencies scouting the festival.
Ravel: Creative Artists Agency was there. People were coming up to me and saying, “If you know of anyone that should come in our direction, our door is always open to you.” Everybody was looking for new talent. Steven Spielberg secretary called us and said that Steven wanted to see J.J.'s movie High Voltage. That's where J.J. was introduced to Steven.
Filmmaker: Your plan to strike a 35mm print of the films and take it to repertory cinemas around the country never panned out. Did the whole thing just peter out?
Ravel: Absolutely not. We ended up doing “The Best Teen Films of '82,” and we had Scott Alexander, who got an Academy Award for [co-writing the script for] The People vs. Larry Flynt. They approached us with a couple of short films they had. One was called Myron and another was called “Cinemontage.” I could tell they were extremely talented, And that year we not only got into the L.A. Times, but [film critic] Gary Franklin put us on the [KCBS-TV] news for about five minutes, showing different clips and saying that our show was an 8 on a scale of 1-to-10 and there were better films coming out of our show at the Nuart than there were coming out of Hollywood. It's amazing. At that show, Norman Lear and Jean Stapleton [producer and co-star, respectively, of All in the Family] were there. Louis L'Amour, the famous Western writer, was there, because their son was directing one of the pieces. It was unbelievable. We did it again '83 and '84, and then I started running out of money. What I should've done was probably got some investors, to be honest with you.
Filmmaker: So you ended up getting out of Super 8 and moving into skate films?
Ravel: I had to make some money. I knew all the surfers. I had helped them promote their surf movies in theaters and stuff. That's why I was so successful with the Nuart idea. I was the one who came up with the idea of putting surf movies on video. Because at the time [home] video was just coming into its own. And all you could get were feature films at the time. I started at Video Archives, [the video store in Manhattan Beach, CA] where Quentin Tarantino worked. I put one tape in the store for two weeks, and it turned out that it rented more than the feature films. So I became a distributor, and then everybody started giving me their surf movies. And then I started with skate and, in three years, I had 2500 video stores [around the world] buying from me. I was working out of my garage and I was netting $3000-a-day, 24-7. Of course, I was working seven days a week. So I did that for quite awhile.
Filmmaker: Did you stay in touch with Abrams all this time, or did you just watch from the sidelines as they scored script, TV series and movie deals?
Ravel: I noticed when they and Matt were doing Felicity. Did I keep in contact enough? No. That was my one big regret. But I've been in contact with J.J. at least once a month now.
Filmmaker: You reconnected when they appeared on The Jimmy Kimmel Show and they showed the L.A. Times article with you, Abrams, Reeves and Sanderson posing in front of the Nuart.
Ravel: I heard they were doing the movie Super 8; that's our tie. So I found out that they were going to be on The Jimmy Kimmel Show on June 9, 2011. So I go to pull out the shows that we did, and the air date was June 9, 1981 — exactly 30 years difference. I said, “This is a sign. I need to call the Kimmel producers.” I call them, they took the newspaper article, they took the clips from the show… [but] they didn't tell J.J. I was in the audience. At the end of the show, the producer comes over and says, “J.J. heard you're here.” I go into the green room, and they look just the same as they did when I knew him. Same attitude. Sweet, nice person. I go to shake their hand and they give me a big bear hug and says, “Where have you been?” I go, wow, here's a guy making $17 million a year and they actually remember. That was amazing to me. I went down to their Bad Robot production company and we've been talking pretty much ever since.
Super 8 photos courtesy of Paramount Home Entertainment.
LISTEN TO TLR'S LATEST PODCAST:
By Russ Read
A Swedish investment company is using the cryptocurrency Bitcoin to avoid U.S. financial sanctions, allowing investors to invest in the economy of one of the world's foremost sponsors of terrorism.
Brave New World Investments, established by Mairtin O'Duinnin and Mikael Johansson, allows international investors to put money into the Iranian stock market without requiring a Swedish bank account.
European sanctions on Iran began to be removed in 2016 as part of the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal, but Swedish banks do not allow investment in the Iranian economy because of U.S. financial sanctions, according to Johnsson.
“We got to think (sic) of the venture as the sanctions against Iran were starting to get dismantled in early 2016,” Johansson told Finance Magnates, a financial news site. “However, due to U.S. financial sanctions still in effect against Iran, none of the Swedish banks wanted to help us — despite there being no relevant sanctions against Iran in Sweden or the European Union stopping us.”
The U.S. maintained several sanctions against Iran after the nuclear deal due to the country's continued sponsorship of terror and other aggressive provocations in the Middle East.
Johansson explained that their company simply “side-stepped” the Swedish banking system in order to avoid potential sanctions enforcement. The company does not use a Swedish bank account, but said they will have an Iranian one “for the equity investments.”
“We pay our bills, shareholder dividends, Iran deposits — everything — in cryptocurrencies,” explained Johansson.
Bitcoin is a form of digital currency, or cryptocurrency, which can be used as payment, effectively replacing regular currencies. Bitcoin is completely decentralized and works peer-to-peer, meaning there is no central bank or government administrator. All Bitcoin transactions are recorded in a public ledger called the blockchain. The lack of a central regulator means there is no way to effectively stop Bitcoin transactions.
Johansson added that their company is not breaking any Swedish or European Union laws, and that it “religiously” abides by anti-money laundering directives.
While the company's process may be legal, it may not necessarily be effective.
“This effort is doable from a purely transactional point of view, but it's probably not possible that this would be a practical conduit to increase Swedish or European investment in Iranian companies,” Yaya Fanusie, the director of analysis for Foundation for Defense of Democracies' Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “There's a lot standing in their way given that only a small, almost fringe segment of investors is comfortable with using bitcoin for investing.”
Fanusie explained that the EU is in the midst of trying to find ways to regulate Bitcoin transactions and make it more difficult to transact anonymously, which could hamper Brave New World's investment strategy. That said, it could be fruitful as Bitcoin continues to grow in popularity.
“But if we get to a point where bitcoin is widely adopted and well-integrated into the global financial community, then such models probably will be a more reliable way to get money into places where the U.S. dollar isn't supposed to go,” said Fanusie.
Send tips to russ@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
WATCH TLR'S LATEST VIDEO:
How To Spot FAKE News
Watch this video on YouTube
U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz and U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard both spoke out against plans by the Federal Communications Commission Tuesday to dismantle net neutrality.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz and U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard both spoke out against plans by the Federal Communications Commission Tuesday to dismantle net neutrality.
FCC chairperson Ajit Pai put forward their plan to repeal net neutrality rules put in place by the Obama administration, which prohibited high-speed internet service providers from blocking or slowing down the delivery of websites, or charging extra fees for the best quality of services for subscribers. The FCC votes on net neutrality next month.
“Since its formation, we've seen a free and open internet grow our economy and our imaginations,” said Schatz in a statement. “But today the FCC has threatened to end the internet as we know it. If adopted, the FCC's plan will change the way every American gets information, watches movies, listens to music, conducts business, and talks to their families. By repealing basic net neutrality protections, the FCC is handing over full control of the internet to providers, leaving the American people with fewer choices and less access.”
Schatz also tweeted: “We need to make net neutrality a voting issue. Online outrage needs to turn into votes.”
Gabbard urged their supporters to sign their petition against dismantling net neutrality.
“Yet again, Chairman Pai and the FCC are rewarding pay-to-play politics, ensuring that those with money have a seat at the table, and shutting everyone else out,” they said. “Net neutrality protections ensure that the Internet remains open, fair, and equal for everyone. By dismantling these protections, we turn our backs on the most fundamental First Amendment rights of our students, entrepreneurs, innovators, small businesses, and working families, and all who rely on an open Internet to level the playing field of opportunity.
They added: “The FCC must fulfill their responsibility to all Americans, not just big Internet Service Providers. I urge the FCC to listen to the voices of more than 22 million public comments, including 61,707 from Hawaii, on net neutrality and reject this corporate attack on equality.”
Gabbard tweeted: “We should be discussing how to expand internet access to more people, not restrict it to those who can afford to pay more. We need to keep #NetNeutrality.”
Despite the country's respect for former Arizona Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, not everyone in the military community was thrilled with Navy Secretary Ray Mabus' Friday announcement that the Navy's new Independence variant littoral combat ship (LCS) will be named for them
“The Navy motto is Semper Fortis, Always Courageous,” said Mabus during the Friday ceremony with Giffords, who was shot last year during an assassination attempt in Tucson.
“Unwavering courage has defined the Navy for 236 years and it is what we expect, what we demand of our sailors every single day,” said Mabus. “So it's very appropriate that LCS 10 be named for someone who has become synonymous with courage, who has inspired the nation with remarkable resiliency and showed the possibilities of the human spirit.”
According to a number of former and current military members, however, the decision to name the LCS after Giffords was not, in fact, “very appropriate.”
Retired Rear Admiral George Worthington, former commander of the Naval Special Warfare Command, told The Daily Caller that there are many people more worthy of a ship bearing their name.
“Here is the issue. There are a lot of dead Marines out there whose names could go on anything that appears to be an amphibious ship,” they said, explaining that a past recipient of the Medal of Honor, Dakota Meyer, might be a good candidate.
Worthington added their email “inbox” has been filled with messages from military friends who are “shocked and angered” by the decision. (RELATED: More stories on Gabrielle Giffords)
“We think fallen Marines and perhaps supporting sailors should go on fantails before random victims,” they said.
Former U.S. Naval Institute CEO, retired Marine Maj. Gen. Tom Wilkerson, expressed disappointment at the recent evolution of ship dedication.
“If you were to look at one thing that has changed with Secretary Mabus it has been going from naming warships to honor people who have served or are intimately connected to the sea services to reaching into a more political environment and doing things almost on a feel-good basis,” they said, noting their dismay at recent decisions to name ships after Cesar Chavez and former Pennsylvania Rep. John Murtha.
Wilkerson went on to say that what happened to Giffords was a tragedy, but that they were neither a service hero nor a major supporter/sponsor of the sea services and their contributions to national security.
“It is a very clear statement that naming warships has become more politicized than at anytime in our past,” they said, “perhaps an effort on the part of the Navy Department leadership to gain more public support.”
“Why do we name a ship?” Wilkerson rhetorically asked. “In large part it is to inspire those who will serve over time in ships company and to make them feel that they are serving in a part of American history that has direct positive impact and inspires them to do their best.”
Former Deputy Undersecretary of Defense Jed Babbin added to that sentiment.
“There is nothing wrong with Gabby Giffords,” they said. “She is a wonderful lady, but how inspiring will it be for a young sailor to go aboard the USS Gabrielle Giffords as opposed to the USS Winston Churchill or the USS The Sullivans?”
According to Babbin, the decision is “absurd and outrageous.”
“It's certainly tragic what happened to Ms. Gifford, but that does not place them in the ranks of the people for whom ships should be named,” Babbin said.
Infantry Lt. Col. Bill Connor likewise told TheDC that while they were saddened by what happened to Giffords, it was not a sufficient reason to name a ship for them
“My heart goes out to them and their husband,” said Connor, “and we are all impressed with their recovery and our prayers are with them and were with them when they were shot. It is not their fault, but I am angered at the decision, I want that to be clear, they didn't ask for it to happen. But I am a little angered at the decision considering we have so many of our service members, including the ones I served with and commanded in places like southern Afghanistan, who will never have a ship named after them.”
Former Navy SEAL Scott Taylor added that Giffords is an inspiration for their courage and deserves recognition, but that naming a Navy vessel for them is not the way to do it, as “there are more deserving women or men to have a Navy ship named after them.”
“Regrettably starting with the naming of a ship in 2011 after a former labor leader [Cesar Chavez], the current Secretary of the Navy is heading down a path of making a political statement, rather then upholding the Navy's great history and tradition,” Taylor told TheDC. “It is borderline offensive the Naval Secretary or those above them fail to find heroism justifiable for such an honor in any race or gender within the military itself, particularly, considering the incredible sacrifices and valor exhibited during the current conflicts.”
American naval expert Eric Wertheim told TheDC that while the country has a great deal of respect for Giffords, they are uncomfortable with naming ships after living people.
“I think that Giffords is a true inspiration, and I have nothing but respect for them and what they have accomplished and overcome, but I am concerned about naming ships after living people,” they told TheDC in an email. “It worries me that the navy is making legends of people before they are able to go through the vetting process of history. The potential problem here is that any living person, theoretically, could later do something that changes our opinion of them.”
Wertheim added that many have been troubled by the fact that “dedicated Americans who have given their lives for the country” have been passed over for such high honors.
According to The Washington Times — which ran an editorial Monday blasting Mabus' decision — due to “the Obama administration's [series of] questionable, politically motivated Navy ship namings,” Missouri Republican Sen. Roy Blunt offered an amendment to the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act requiring a report on Navy vessel naming.
The Defense Department is expected to submit a report on the current and historical ship-naming practices to Congress in June.
Follow Caroline on Twitter
Imagine a flip phone that fits in your pocket but opens up to reveal a tablet-sized screen. Glassmakers are already manufacturing bendable glass that's thinner than a human hair, and they say foldable glass is just around the corner.
German glassmaker Schott is now mass-manufacturing glass that's ultrathin, strong, and smooth. Electronics can be made on it, and it flexes like plastic. The first consumer product to use Schott's new glass is the fingerprint sensor on a smartphone made by LeTV, a large video-streaming company in China. Company representatives hope that this and other niche applications will give the new material a foothold while industrial designers play around with it.
Schott is the first company to make ultrathin glass that can be chemically strengthened by ion exchange.
Rüdiger Sprengard, director of business development for ultrathin glass at Schott in Mainz, Germany, says the company can now continuously manufacture flexible glass in kilometers-long sheets. Sprengard recently brought some demos to show off in a San Francisco hotel room. They showed me a spool of glass half a meter wide and half a kilometer long, which looks like a fat roll of cellophane. A machine continuously bends a smaller piece of the glass down to a radius of nine millimeters. It doesn't fold yet, but Sprengard says they're working on it and hope to have it in a few years.
After giving me gloves and goggles, Sprengard hands me a sheet that's about the size of a sheet of office paper, but thinner and stiffer. Paper is about 100 micrometers thick; this sheet is 70 micrometers. As I'm flopping it around in my hands, treating it like a piece of plastic, one of the company representatives steps back. It's still glass, after all, and she's not wearing any eye protection. When they first started experimenting with making glass this thin, it used to break much more easily, Sprengard explains. “About two years ago you wouldn't have been able to handle it like that,” they say.
That fragility is why mass production of flexible glass has been so challenging. To make it work, Schott had to develop new methods that built on those already used to make ultrastrong glass like Corning's Gorilla Glass, which is found on the surface of many smartphones. Gorilla Glass and other products made by both companies are toughened through a process called ion exchange.
Researchers at Corning make 40-50 new experimental glass formulations every day.
To make glass thinner and thinner—and therefore more flexible—glassmakers have to figure out how to strengthen it. Schott is the first company to make ultrathin glass that can be chemically strengthened by ion exchange, which was a challenge, says Eric Urruti, vice president of R&D at Schott North America in Pennsylvania. The glass is drawn down out of a huge, molten tank into sheets and run through rollers. It is then run through a bath of molten potassium. Smaller sodium ions leave the glass and are replaced by larger potassium ions, creating compression within the glass itself.
The more the glass is squeezed, the stronger it becomes. Controlling this compressive process in ever-thinner glass is difficult—there's simply less material to work with. The company currently makes glass as thin as 20 micrometers. Maintaining continuous thickness across kilometers is also a challenge. And any tiny flaws must be smoothed over—or that's where your phone screen will shatter.
As the glass gets thinner, the challenges change, says Scott Forester, director of Gorilla Glass Innovations at Corning, headquartered in New York. Corning is also developing ultrathin glass, and sells a product that's 100 micrometers thick. As cover glass (the kind found on the surface of phones) gets thinner, it's more vulnerable to being punctured. But compared to plastic, glass's puncture resistance will always be superior, they say.
Flexible electronics are already making some headway, but not in a way that's obvious to consumers. Today, flexible screens are used in devices like the Galaxy Edge, a phone with a rigid screen that curves at the sides. The OLED display within the phone is made on plastic and laminated to a Corning Gorilla glass coverslip. If that cover glass were flexible—and with other changes—the device itself could be flexible. Cover glass today is 10 times thicker—usually about 550 micrometers (half a millimeter)—than the glass Schott is showing off.
Forester says the pieces are in place for more flexible consumer electronics. The glass is ready and the flexible circuits are almost ready. Now they're waiting on the designers—and on consumers. “There has to be a form factor that adds value for people,” they say.
Right now it's not clear what that will be. But Corning is also working on glass that will enable it. Since ion exchange becomes more difficult in thinner materials, the company is looking at changing the underlying matrix of the glass itself—a more fundamental change in the material. Humans have been using glass since the Stone Age, but there's still a lot more chemistry to explore, says Forester. “Our scientists test 30 or 40 new glasses each day,” they say.
Lisa Rinna has had a doozy of a season on the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills so it's not surprising that she's enjoying some downtime.
However, this downtime could become a permanent thing for the Housewife who admits she's unsure if she'll be back for another season.
“I'm on hiatus,” Lisa tells ET. “I don't have any thoughts. I'm done. I am not working right now, and it is heaven. All I have to say. Heaven!”
As for returning for season 8, Lisa reveals that they don't have any plans to stay or go – for now.
“I have no idea,” they admit. “No one ever knows whether they'll be back until, like, five minutes before, to be honest with you. Who knows? I don't know what the plan is for me. I never do.”
One thing Lisa is certain of is that they won't be doing a spinoff show starring their family anytime soon; saying she's been there and done that.
“Is that a rumor?” Lisa asks. “I think we've done that. We kinda did that [with TV Land's] Harry Loves Lisa back in the day. I don't know. The girls are so busy. I don't even think I could hire the girls if I wanted.”
I'm not happy to hear we won't be getting a Hamlin family spinoff because I'd totally watch that. I'm hoping Rinna returns to RHOBH!
Do you think Rinna will return to RHOBH for season 8? Do you want Rinna to remain a Housewife? Would you ever watch a Hamlin family spinoff?
Follow AllAboutTRH On Instagram.
Follow AllAboutTRH On Twitter.
Like AllAboutTRH On Facebook.
Being John Malkovich, Adaptation, Eternal Sunshine … writer Charlie Kaufman had a brilliant run of oddball movies. So why did they suddenly drop out of sight? And what's the story behind new film Anomalisa?
Given that it comes from the most perversely inventive mind in American movie fiction, Anomalisa might at first seem like no big deal. Charlie Kaufman's plot premises have tended to be somewhat baroque: identical twin screenwriters, one named Charlie Kaufman, agonise over a script (Adaptation); a playwright mounts an autobiographical drama that threatens to engulf the world (Synecdoche, New York); most notoriously, an office building contains a secret portal into the mind of a movie actor (Being John Malkovich). By comparison, Anomalisa sounds altogether mundane: a depressed, middle-aged motivational speaker spends a night in a Cincinnati hotel where they have an affair with a gauche young woman. Nothing out of the ordinary – at least not until events take the inevitable nightmare turn. Yet Anomalisa comes across from the very start as deeply strange and unsettling – because its actors are all puppets.
Anomalisa review: sex and depression in Charlie Kaufman's superb stop-motion breakdown Read more
Initially funded through Kickstarter, Anomalisa premiered in Telluride before going on to Venice last week, where it won the grand jury prize. The film is written by Kaufman, and jointly directed by them and Duke Johnson, a specialist in stop-motion animation best known for the spoof series Mary Shelley's Frankenhole on the Adult Swim channel. Anomalisa started life in 2005 as a stage play, part of composer Carter Burwell's Theatre of the New Ear, a series of “sound plays”. The show was performed with Foley artists creating sound effects live on stage, and three actors – David Thewlis, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Tom Noonan. That trio now comprises the film's entire voice cast: Thewlis and Leigh playing the two leads, while Noonan does all the other characters in the same unnerving dead intonations. “I sort of have a monotonous voice,” Noonan tells me when I meet the film's makers in Venice.
Kaufman, frowning intently behind heavy glasses and a thicket of beard, says that when they were approached to turn the play into an animation, they were resistant. In the live Anomalisa, they say, “there's a disconnect between what's being said on stage and what the audience is seeing – there's Tom playing all these characters, there's Jennifer and David having sex while they're really just standing across the stage from each other and moaning. You'd lose that.”
Consequently, Anomalisa had to be reinvented, and while the script is virtually the same, the effect is utterly different. In the film, there's something uncanny about seeing its puppet protagonist, with their silicone body and 3D-printed face, going through the tedious, drawn-out rituals of taking a cab, checking into a hotel, listening to the bellhop's formulaic welcome spiel.
Johnson, boyish and brush-cut, says: “People told us, ‘You can't make puppets that look too real, because it will be disturbing and off-putting.' And we believed that's not true. The unique thing about stop-motion is that it's infused with organic life, because it's not made by a computer, it's not perfect – the hands reach in and they move something. No matter how perfectly you animate something, as you're watching it, it's undeniable – you feel it. There's an organic life that's present in these inorganic things. It feels creepy, and sometimes you're like, ‘That's a doll!' That's not the same thing.”
“The fact that they're puppets being manipulated,” Kaufman adds, “becomes an existential issue as well. You know someone's manipulating them – they don't know it.” Although, Anomalisa being a very existential story, there comes a moment when its hero, Michael, has a sudden realisation that he's something other than flesh and blood. Kaufman's stories do tend to remind us that their characters are creatures inhabiting fictions. “Yeah,” Kaufman laughs. “I like that.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Deeply strange and unsettling … an image used for the initial Anomalisa Kickstarter campaign.
Audiences have tended to like Kaufman's self-reflexive turn, too, as have the directors who began to film the former sitcom writer's scripts, beginning in 1999 when Spike Jonze made the audaciously outre Being John Malkovich. Other films followed: Adaptation, again with Jonze; meta-biopic Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, directed by George Clooney; and Michel Gondry's Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, a story of time, love and memory that was as close as American romcom gets to modernist maestro Alain Resnais. Kaufman's originality and audacity caught on; the term “Kaufmanesque” was coined to evoke their singular style; other people's quasi-Kaufmanesque projects got greenlit (eg Stranger Than Fiction, in which Will Ferrell discovers he's a character in a novel); books on screenwriting craft were rewritten to accommodate the radical counterintuitiveness of their approach.
Then, in 2008, Kaufman directed their own first film, Synecdoche, New York – about a dramatist who attempts to stage their own experience as a vast, ever-expanding production. The movie was a sprawling, unashamedly depressive confrontation of Kafka, Arthur Miller, Borges and backstage drama. Some critics hailed it as a masterpiece for the ages, others threw up their hands in despair. Noonan, who appeared in Synecdoche along with Jennifer Jason Leigh, remembers the standing ovation it received in Cannes. “I thought, ‘This is going to be a monster hit.' Which I think it was not completely.”
It was not. Costing a reported $20m, Synecdoche grossed only $3m in the US, and broke Kaufman's magical run. After that, they seemed to go underground. So what did they do?
“I wrote a screenplay about internet anger,” they say. “A lot of that came from my reading stuff after Synecdoche. I was trying to make some use of it in my work. I don't feel having an audience reaction like that is inherently bad. I kind of think it's something to be proud of, because it means you've taken a position and you've put yourself out there. To me, it would have been better if it had been a commercial success, because it would have made my professional life afterward easier.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Charlie Kaufman (right) with Philip Seymour Hoffman (left) and Michelle Williams during the making of Synecdoche, New York. Photograph: Everett/Rex
“I've been writing and struggling to get stuff made since then. It's not like I'm just sitting here, but it's been hard.” The industry too, they point out, has been less friendly to idiosyncratic work. “The economy changed in 2008 and big studio movies became the thing. I don't write those and I wanted to direct.”
One thing that Kaufman has done since then is to create the pilot for a TV series called How and Why, with a cast including Noonan and Sally Hawkins; last year, the FX channel turned the showdown, but we may see it yet. How and Why sounds appetising, as Noonan describes it. “It's impossible to explain, but it's amazing. It feels very pedestrian and sort of plodding, but it's really crazy and great – and very scary and sad. Two families live in the same house at different points, and one starts to take over the other, even though they don't meet – something like that?”
Kaufman has always had an image as eccentric, at least by Hollywood criteria – because they write strange material, because they take a highly philosophical angle on things, because he's averse to talking about himself, because he's known to read Kafka. The oddball reputation is all misconception, Noonan and Jason Leigh tell me.
Leigh: “He's really easy to converse with – interested in people, not judgmental. He's kind.”
Noonan: “He's very down to earth, very nuts and bolts, not a lot of theory or bullshit.”
Leigh: “And very sweet.”
Noonan: “And not weird in the least.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Alienation is a big problem in this culture. I think it has a lot to do with social media' … Anomalisa
Kaufman pinpoints one of their key concerns – although you'll know this if you've seen even five minutes of their work – when they say, “Alienation is a big problem in this culture. I think it has a lot to do with computers and social media, and the inauthenticity of people's interactions. But we're going down that road, and there's nothing I can do about it.”
One version of that alienation emerges in Anomalisa through references to a delusional condition named Fregoli syndrome, which causes people to believe that different people are really the same person in disguise. Synecdoche, New York also alluded to something called Cotard syndrome. Is there, I wonder, a Kaufman syndrome that compels Charlie always to write complex, self-reflexive fictions that turn the rules of character and story inside out?
“I don't think so. I hope it's not that. I'm always trying to find things that interest and excite me. I'm not interested in doing anything weird for weird's sake. I think about telling stories subjectively, because I think that's the way life is lived.”
© HarperCollins
Don't be fooled by what you read in the press and hear in the media. In Pakistan it was decided long ago that they can do no wrong. They took those 12 wickets in Sydney, bowled that immortal afternoon spell of reverse swing in Karachi, stared the West Indies down on their home turf, led the cornered tigers in 1992. In short, they ushered Pakistan cricket into its golden era. And then there is the man. As any number of women would say, just look at him.
You would think this makes Imran Khan an irresistible biography subject - and you'd be right. There are very few autobiographies of Pakistani cricketers, and fewer biographies. Imran has become the focus now of a second worthy book (after Ivo Tenant's Imran Khan, which appeared in 1994). The latest effort is by Christopher Sandford, a seasoned biographer who has previously tackled Godfrey Evans and Tom Graveney in addition to an august list from the world of music and film.
It is not strictly a cricket book, because Imran is not just a cricketer. There is naturally a great deal of cricket in it, but it is so seamlessly interwoven with general experiences of the human condition that this book can be read with equal enjoyment by die-hard fans and casual followers alike. Indeed, Imran transcended cricket in that many people with little interest in the game found themselves absorbed by their public image and personality. This book will appeal to them too.
Sandford succeeds in their essential biographical task, which is to conduct an enquiry into the making of the Imran Khan phenomenon. The research and sources are extensive, complemented by a solid bibliography. The prose, engaging and conversational throughout, is at times even riveting. Imran cooperated and is the first in a long list of acknowledgments.
Delicious nuggets are buried here and there. Asif Iqbal pockets serious cash from Kerry Packer at 100-1 odds in a World XI vs West Indies WSC match. Imran floors Zaheer Abbas with a bouncer in a county match against Gloucestershire after being egged on by their Sussex team-mates, and immediately loses their aggression to become full of empathy. A novice political reporter asks Imran the politician in the middle of a hysterical campaign rally if they have ever seen anything like it before, and Imran quietly answers that yes, they have.
Imran's utter focus and devotion to the given task at hand - be it cricket, politics, or social welfare - is well known and understood. But Sandford provides a nuanced picture of a shy yet restless soul brimming with self-belief, who is as concerned with substance and meaning as they are self-conscious about image and style.
Sandford provides a nuanced picture of a shy yet restless soul brimming with self-belief, who is as concerned with substance and meaning as they are self-conscious about image and style
Imran is vividly characterised for their fiercely independent Pathan streak, their bristling sensitivity towards any hint of colonial condescension, and their successful exorcism of Pakistan cricket's post-colonial inferiority complex. Yet paradoxically they are also totally at home in British culture. Sandford presents this as not merely a post-colonial but in fact a post-modern phenomenon: Imran does have complete comfort and ease in even the most rarefied levels of British society, but it is without any sense of superiority. The English, for their part, cannot have enough of him. An unstated subtext running throughout Sandford's narrative is that the English would love nothing more than to claim Imran as one of their own.
There are a few disappointments. In January 1977, Imran took 6 for 63 and 6 for 102 in Sydney to record Pakistan's first Test win in Australia. It marked them as the first Asian in the cadre of true fast bowlers, and the victory has been described by Javed Miandad - Imran's sometimes dysfunctional partner in the making of modern Pakistani cricket, as Sandford puts it - as a crucial watermark in the nation's cricket psyche. Sandford makes short work of this match, disposing of it in barely a paragraph. This is in contrast to page upon page devoted to obscure county games and to arcane proceedings such as Imran leaving Worcestershire and signing on with Sussex. Sandford does identify a watershed in Pakistan cricket, but places it two years later, in Karachi against India. But Karachi 1978 was just a jingoistic celebration compared to Sydney 1977, which with all its symbolism was the true awakening.
As the book moves into Imran's contemporary life, you keep expecting to read a dissection of their failings, but it never comes. Sandford accepts that Imran is marginalised in Pakistan's national politics, but also argues that they are better off for it. Yes, they have an obstinate side, but that just makes them a formidable proposition. And true, they may not have succeeded as a broadcaster, but an obscure poll is cited, which ranks them as the game's fourth most popular celebrity commentator. These judgments finally reveal Sandford's hand as an admiring scribe. Not that you can blame him, of course. Everybody admires Imran Khan, and those that don't are lying. Indeed, in politics as in cricket, Imran receives a great deal of unspoken credit for insisting on stepping out of their comfort zone. Sandford's treatment has done them justice.
Imran Khan: The Cricketer, The Celebrity, The Politician
Christopher Sandford
Harpercollins, 384pp, £20
Saad Shafqat is a writer based in Karachi
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Usual unit testing is based on examples: We define the input for our unit and check for an expected output. Thus, we can ensure that for a specific sample our code works right. However, this does not prove the correctness for all possible inputs. Property based testing, also called property checking, takes another approach by adhering to the scientific theory of Falsifiability: As long as there is no evidence that a proposed property of our code is false, it is assumed to be true. In this article we are using Vavr (formerly called Javaslang) for property based testing to verify a simple FizzBuzz implementation.
Before We Start
I am using Vavr Stream s to generate an infinite FizzBuzz sequence which should satisfy certain properties. Compared with Java 8 Stream s, the main benefit in the scope of this article is that the Vavr variant provides a good API to retrieve individual elements with the get function.
Property Based Testing
Property based testing (PBT) allows developers to specify the high-level behaviour of a program in terms of invariants it should fullfill. A PBT framework creates test cases to ensure that the program runs as specified.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
A property is the combination of an invariant with an input values generator. For each generated value, the invariant is treated as a predicate and checked whether it yields true or false for that value.
As soon as there is one value which yields false, the property is said to be falsified and checking is aborted. If a property cannot be falsified after a specific amount of sample data, the property is assumed to be satisfied.
Reverse List Example
Take a function that reverses a list as an example. It has several implicit invariants that must hold in order to provide proper functionality. One of them is, that the first element of a list is the last element of the same list reversed. A corresponding property combines this invariant with a generator which generates lists with random values and lengths.
Asssume, that the generator generates the following input values: [1,2,3] , ["a","b"] and [4,5,6] . The list reverse function returns [3,2,1] for [1,2,3] . The first element of the list is the last elment of the same list reversed. The check yields true. The list reverse funcion returns ["a", "b"] for ["a", "b"] . The first element of the list is not the last element of the same list reversed. The check yields false. The property is falsified.
In Vavr the default amount of tries to falisfy a property is 1000.
Property Checking FizzBuzz
FizzBuzz is a child's play counting from 1 on. Each child in turn has to say the current number out loud. If the current number is divisble by 3 the child should say “Fizz”, if it is divisble by 5 the answer should be “Buzz” and if it is divisble by both 3 and 5 the answer should be “FizzBuzz”. So the game starts like this:
1, 2, Fizz, 4, Buzz, Fizz, 7, 8, Fizz, Buzz, 11, Fizz, 13, 14, FizzBuzz, …
FizzBuzz is often taken as a sample exercise in job interviews where applicants should fizzbuzz the numbers from 1 to 100. FizzBuzz can also be used as a Kata simple enough to focus on the surroundings like language, libraries or tooling instead of the business logic.
A stream seems to be a good way to model FizzBuzz. We will start with an empty one and gradually improve it to pass our tests.
public Stream<String> fizzBuzz() { Stream.empty(); }
Every Third Element Should Start with Fizz
From the description of FizzBuzz we can derive a first property about the FizzBuzz Stream : Every third element should start with Fizz. Vavr's property checking implementation provides fluent APIs to create generators and properties.
@Test public void every_third_element_starts_with_Fizz) { Arbitrary<Integer> multiplesOf3 = Arbitrary.integer() .filter(i -> i > 0) .filter(i -> i % 3 == 0); CheckedFunction1<Integer, Boolean> mustStartWithFizz = i -> fizzBuzz().get(i - 1).startsWith("Fizz"); CheckResult result = Property .def("Every third element must start with Fizz") .forAll(multiplesOf3) .suchThat(mustStartWithFizz) .check(); result.assertIsSatisfied(); }
Let's go through it one by one:
Arbitrary.integer() generates arbitrary integers which are filtered for positive multiples of 3 using filters .
generates arbitrary integers which are filtered for positive multiples of 3 using . The function mustStartWithFizz is the invariant: For a given index, the corresponding element in the stream ( get is 0-indexed) must start with Fizz. The call to suchThat further below requires a CheckedFunction1 , which is like a function but may throw a checked exception (something we do not need here).
is the invariant: For a given index, the corresponding element in the stream ( is 0-indexed) must start with Fizz. The call to further below requires a , which is like a function but may throw a checked exception (something we do not need here). Property::def takes a short description and creates a Property . The call to forAll takes an Arbitrary and ensures that the invariant in suchThat must hold for all input values generated by the Arbitrary .
takes a short description and creates a . The call to takes an and ensures that the invariant in must hold for all input values generated by the . The check function uses the generator to create multiples of 3 in the range from 0 to 100. It returns a CheckResult which can be queried about the result or be asserted.
The property is not satisfied, because for every generated multiple of 3 the corresponding element does not exist in the empty Stream . Let's fix this by providing a suitable stream.
public Stream<String> fizzBuzz() { return Stream.from(1).map(i -> i % 3 == 0 ? "Fizz": ""); }
Stream::from creates an infinite stream, which counts from the given number on. Every multiple of 3 is mapped to Fizz. The resulting stream contains a Fizz for every third element. Once we check the property again, it is satisfied and the result is printed on the console:
Every third element must start with Fizz: OK, passed 1000 tests in 111 ms.
Increase the Sample Size
Per default, check tries to falsify a property 1000 times. Each time, the given Arbitrary generates a sample value which depends on a size parameter. Per default, the size parameter is set to 100. For Arbitrary.integer() the negative size parameter defines the lower bound and the positive size parameter defines the upper bound for the generated value. This means, a generated integer has a value between -100 and 100. We further limit the generated values to be only positive and to be multiples of 3. This means, we test each multiple of 3 in the range from 1 to 100 approximately 30 times.
Fortunately, Vavr allows us to adapt the size and the number of tries by providing corresponding parameters to the check function.
CheckResult result = Property .def("Every third element must start with Fizz") .forAll(multiplesOf3) .suchThat(mustStartWithFizz) .check(10_000, 1_000);
Now, the generated multiples of 3 are drawn from a range between 1 and 10'000 and the property is checked 1000 times.
Every Multiple of 5 Must End with Buzz
A second property which can be derived from the FizzBuzz description is that every multiple of 5 must end with Buzz.
@Test public void every_fifth_element_ends_with_Buzz() { Arbitrary<Integer> multiplesOf5 = Arbitrary.integer() .filter(i -> i > 0) .filter(i -> i % 5 == 0); CheckedFunction1<Integer, Boolean> mustEndWithBuzz = i -> fizzBuzz().get(i - 1).endsWith("Buzz"); Property.def("Every fifth element must end with Buzz") .forAll(multiplesOf5) .suchThat(mustEndWithBuzz) .check(10_000, 1_000) .assertIsSatisfied(); }
This time, property checking and assertion are combined.
This property is falsified just like the one checking Buzz was initially. But this time not because there are no elements (since the last test the fizzBuzz function creates an infinite stream) but because every fifth element is an empty string or sometimes Fizz but never Buzz.
Let's fix this by returning Buzz for every fifth element.
public Stream<String> fizzBuzz() { return Stream.from(1).map(i -> i % 3 == 0 ? "Fizz" : (i % 5 == 0 ? "Buzz" : "") ); }
When we check the property again, it is falsified after some passed tests:
Every fifth element must end with Buzz: Falsified after 7 passed tests in 56 ms.
The message in the AssertionError describes the sample which falsified the property:
Expected satisfied check result but was Falsified(propertyName = Every fifth element must end with Buzz, count = 8, sample = (30)).
The reason is, that 30 is divisible by 3 and by 5 but in the fizzBuzz() implementation above divisibility by 3 has a higher precedence than divisibility by 5. However, a change in precedence does not solve the issue, because the first property that every third element should start with Fizz would be falsified. A solution is to return FizzBuzz if it is divisible by 3 and 5.
private Stream<String> fizzBuzz() { return Stream.from(1).map(i -> { boolean divBy3 = i % 3 == 0; boolean divBy5 = i % 5 == 0; return divBy3 && divBy5 ? "FizzBuzz" : divBy3 ? "Fizz" : divBy5 ? "Buzz" : ""; }); }
Both properties are satisfied with this approach.
Every Non-Third and Non-Fifth Element Should Remain a Number
A third property that can be derived from the FizzBuzz description is that every non-third and non-fifth element should remain a number.
@Test public void every_non_fifth_and_non_third_element_is_a_number() { Arbitrary<Integer> nonFifthNonThird = Arbitrary.integer() .filter(i -> i > 0) .filter(i -> i % 5 != 0) .filter(i -> i % 3 != 0); CheckedFunction1<Integer, Boolean> mustBeANumber = i -> fizzBuzz().get(i - 1).equals(i.toString()); Property.def("Non-fifth and non-third element must be a number") .forAll(nonFifthNonThird) .suchThat(mustBeANumber) .check(10_000, 1_000) .assertIsSatisfied(); }
The check of this property fails, because so far the fizzBuzz function maps non-Fizz and non-Buzz numbers to the empty String. Returning the number solves this issue.
private Stream<String> fizzBuzz() { return Stream.from(1).map(i -> { boolean divBy3 = i % 3 == 0; boolean divBy5 = i % 5 == 0; return divBy3 && divBy5 ? "FizzBuzz" : divBy3 ? "Fizz" : divBy5 ? "Buzz" : i.toString(); }); }
Other Properties
Checking these three properties is enough to shape the fizzBuzz function. There is no need for a special FizzBuzz property because this case is already covered by the Fizz and Buzz properties. However, we could add another property which should not hold for all elements. For example, there should be no white space between Fizz and Buzz in FizzBuzz. I think this is a nice exercise and I leave it you, my dear reader, to define and check such a property.
There is another flaw in our tests, though: Our properties are not specific enough. Checking that an element starts with Fizz or ends with Buzz is also satisfied by a stream which just contains FizzBuzz for any multiple of 3 and 5. Can you fix our properties?
Benefits and Disadvantages
As said before, PBT has the advantage that one can focus on specifying the expected behaviour of a program instead of defining each edge case. This shifts testing to a more declarative level.
Compared with other implementations Vavr provides a nice fluent API which is unobtrusive regarding the used test framework. It works with JUnit 4, JUnit 5 and TestNG. Spock has a BDD mindest and I am not sure if the term specifcation has the same meaning in Spock as in PBT but this could be explored in another article. It seems to be a nice addition to the data-driven approach.
A disadvantage is that rare bugs may not be discovered on the first run and may brake later builds. Further, coverage reports may differ from build to build. However, this is negligible.
The crucial part of PBT is how well the underlying random number generator (RNG) performs and how well it is seeded. A bad RNG yields a bad distribution of test samples and this may result in “blind spots” of the tested code. Vavr relies on ThreadLocalRandom and this is more than okay.
Vavr currently has a limited amount of supported types. It would be beneficial to also support generic subdomains like time and to provide a way to generate random entities and value objects of a core domain.
Summary
We have seen that Property based testing is based on the theory of Falsifiability. We learned that Vavr has a fluent API which codifies this idea. It enables us to define porperties as the combination of an invariant and an input values generator. Per default, an invariant is checked against 1000 generated samples.
This enabled us to think about FizzBuzz on more declarative level. We defined and checked three properties and discussed the outcomes.
Last, we talked about benefits and disadvantages of PBT.
Nerdy Show Microsode: European RPG Video Games
Posted by NerdyShow on May 17, 2017
When The Nerdy Show Network's flagship podcast isn't unloading on the latest geek news and happenings, we're diving deep into super-specific discussions and interviews.
Where you're from greatly influences who you are – especially so when it comes to creative output. So it should be no surprise that for indie game studios out of Eastern Europe, the stories they tell and the games they make are distinctly different from the usual faire: games like Metro 2033, S.T.A.L.K.E.R., Gothic, and others.
Cap, Trench, Arkais, Luke, and Tony explore their favorite titles in the often overlooked, sometimes obscure, and always fascinating world of European RPG video games. We look for what makes these games decidedly different (outside of a lack of major corporate funding), discuss the books that inspired them, share our personal highs and lows, and, of course, spend plenty of time talking about the best known title of them all, The Witcher.
Thanks to Sebastian Schlingmann
Track:
Download from the player above | Subscribe via iTunes
Support Nerdy Show!
Links:
Coordinates: The Washington D.C. Temple (formerly the Washington Temple) is the 18th constructed and 16th operating temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It is located in Kensington, Maryland, United States, just north of Washington, D.C., near the Capital Beltway. The temple was dedicated in 1974 after an open house that attracted over 750,000 people, including several international dignitaries. The temple was the first temple built by the church east of the Mississippi River since 1846, when the original Nauvoo Temple was dedicated.
Built at a cost of about $15 million in 1968, the temple is the church's tallest; its easternmost spire is 288 feet (88 m) tall. Its floor area of 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) is the third-largest among church temples. Its design emulates the Salt Lake Temple with six spires, three on each end, and the building is encased in white Alabama marble. It also has a visitors' center. The architecture and highly visible location of the temple along the Capital Beltway has made the temple a local landmark in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area.
History [ edit ]
The temple and its surroundings
Plans to build the temple were announced on November 15, 1968; a groundbreaking ceremony was held on December 7.[1] Clearing of the land started May 28, 1971. The site chosen for the temple was a 57-acre (23 ha) wooded hill purchased in 1962 just north of the Capital Beltway (Interstate 495).[2] Only 11 acres (4.5 ha) of the site was cleared to give the area a more remote feeling. It was the first LDS temple since 1846 in the United States east of the Mississippi River and remained the only LDS temple in eastern North America until the dedication of the Atlanta Georgia Temple in 1983.[3][4]
At the time of the temple's completion, its district included all Latter-day Saint members in 31 U.S. states and the District of Columbia, seven Canadian provinces, Cuba, Haiti, Puerto Rico, the Bahamas, and the Dominican Republic.[5] Original cost estimates for the temple were about $15 million. Members of the church within the temple's attendance district were asked to contribute at least $4.5 million. Eventually, local members donated around $6 million for the temple's construction.[4]
Front view with main entrance
At a completion ceremony the church's First Presidency buried a metal box with historical items near a corner of the temple. During the first week of the temple open house, government officials and diplomats from around the world were taken on special tours through the temple. The open house continued for seven weeks and over 750,000 people went through the temple. The high number of people that attended the open house was attributed to the large amount of coverage that the temple and church received as the temple neared completion. Articles about the temple were printed in Time, Newsweek, and U.S. News & World Report. There was also a large press conference held that introduced the temple and church president Spencer W. Kimball. Demand for tickets to the open house was high and the tickets were gone before the first day of tours; times were extended to accommodate more people. Ten dedicatory sessions were held for the Washington D.C. Temple between November 19 and 22, 1974. Over 40,000 members attended the dedicatory services.[3][4]
During the 5.8 magnitude 2011 Virginia earthquake on August 23, 2011, the temple sustained minor damage to some parts of the exterior. The tops of four spires were knocked off and fell to the ground, as were several pieces of marble from the building's facade. No significant damage was reported to the temple's interior or to the neighboring visitor center. Repairs were made beginning in September of that year and no disruptions occurred in the temple's normal operating schedule.[6][7]
On February 23, 2017 the LDS Church announced that beginning March 2018, the temple will close for renovations that are anticipated to be completed in 2020. When the renovations are completed, a public open house will be held, followed by the temple being rededicated.[8]
Presidents [ edit ]
Notable presidents of the temple include Franklin D. Richards (1983–1986); David S. King (1990–1993); F. Melvin Hammond (2005–2008); and Earl C. Tingey (2008–2011).
Architecture [ edit ]
The Washington D.C. Temple, designed by architect Keith W. Wilcox, was built with a modern six-spire design based on the design of the Salt Lake Temple, with the three towers to the east representing the Melchizedek priesthood, and the three towers to the west representing the Aaronic priesthood. The temple was designed to be similar in style and form to the Salt Lake Temple so that it would be easily recognized as a temple of the LDS Church.[9] The central eastern tower reaches a height of 288 feet (88 m), the tallest of any LDS Church temple. The temple has a total floor area of 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2), making it the third-largest church temple. The temple includes six ordinance rooms and fourteen sealing rooms. The Washington D.C. Temple's angel Moroni statue, which sits atop the tallest tower, is 18 feet (5.5 m) tall and weighs 2 tons.[3][4] The outer walls are covered in white Alabama marble and the spires are coated in 24-carat gold.[9] There are two large stained glass windows on the eastern and western-most spires. Although there appear to be no other windows, the marble was shaved to 0.625 inches (1.59 cm) thick over window openings, thin enough to be translucent.[10]
Location [ edit ]
Temple as seen from the Outer Loop of the Capital Beltway
The temple is located in suburban Kensington, Maryland, north of Washington, D.C. It is accessible mainly from the Capital Beltway (Interstate 495) exit 33, but also via the Red Line of the Washington Metro through a limited free shuttle service to and from the Forest Glen station.[11] The look and white color of the Washington D.C. Temple, coupled with its location near the Capital Beltway has made it a local landmark.[3][12] D.C.-area traffic reports often refer to the "Mormon temple" or "the temple".[13]
Sometime after the temple was constructed, an unknown person painted "Surrender Dorothy" on the girders of a railroad bridge that crosses the Beltway; to drivers approaching the temple from the east, the words appeared like a caption under the building.[14] The Maryland State Police removed the message, which has been repainted from time to time.[14][15] LDS newsletters have cited the graffiti as an example of misconceptions about their religion, although local Mormons generally find the re-appearing inscription amusing rather than offensive.[15][16]
Festival of Lights [ edit ]
Festival of Lights at the Washington D.C. Mormon Temple, 2014
Since 1978 the temple has annually hosted the Festival of Lights at the visitors' center, officially running from December 2 to January 1. The event attracts thousands of visitors who come to view millions of lights on the temple grounds. The festival features live performances by the Mormon Choir of Washington, D.C.; a public lighting ceremony; a narrated outdoor nativity scene; and nightly performances from various regional artists and musicians.[17] Each year, a different ambassador to the United States is invited as a guest speaker at the festival's opening lighting ceremony. For example, in 2011, J. W. "Bill" Marriott, Jr. and their wife, Donna, hosted Brazilian Ambassador to the United States Mauro Vieira, with L. Tom Perry of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles presiding.[18]
See also [ edit ]
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi​ didn't waver when asked what they thought of their Montreal counterpart's claims that TransCanada Corp.'s proposed Energy East pipeline is too risky to pursue.
"He's wrong, it's as simple as that," Nenshi said Thursday afternoon, hours after Denis Coderre announced their city officially opposed Energy East alongside other Montreal-area mayors.
​Speaking to CBC's Rosie Barton on Power & Politics, Nenshi explained the project would simply be an upgrade to an already existing pipeline that goes to Montreal.
The Calgary-based company TransCanada's project would carry 1.1 million barrels a day of oilsands crude through Quebec to an export terminal in Saint John, N.B. The project would include the existing TransCanada pipeline as far east as Montreal plus a new pipeline through Quebec.
"If you're really worried about transporting bitumen, it's easier to control a spill like that. It's much easier to manage a pipeline spill than to manage a problem with oil by rail. They know all of that, I'm sure they know all of that."
Nenshi wasn't alone in their criticisms.
Political and business leaders from Alberta and across the west voiced strong reaction to Coderre's opposition of the pipeline project.
Among them was Wildrose Party Leader Brian Jean, who slammed the St. Lawrence sewage dump and said Coderre's opposition was "hypocritical."
Rachel Notley's office also announced after Coderre's comments that the Alberta premier was flying to Toronto to meet with Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne Friday morning to discuss issues of common interest including energy — a meeting that was not part of Notley's weekly itinerary.
And Alberta's finance minister, Joe Ceci, spoke out Thursday afternoon to say new pipelines that would give oil companies access to markets in Eastern Canada are critical if Alberta hopes to put people back to work and strengthen its faltering economy.
Nenshi echoed those comments, saying the project would not only increase market access to Alberta oil abroad, but would provide more Canadian customers with a local energy supply.
"Clearly this is the right thing not just for Canada, but I got to say, Mayor Coderre, it's the right thing for Montreal."
They did agree with Coderre that environmental concerns should be carefully considered.
"Of course, you want to push for the highest environmental standards, to make sure there are disaster plans in place."
In December, TransCanada Corp. filed an amended application and cost estimate for the Energy East pipeline project. It said the filing with the National Energy Board makes nearly 700 changes to the route in response to concerns about environmentally sensitive areas.
This is a nighttime image of the planned Little Caesars Global Resource Center. The wedge-shaped glass forms on the front exterior are meant to evoke pizza slices. (Photo: Olympia Development)
Little Caesars' new downtown headquarters will feature a unique façade made up of glass sections shaped like pizza slices to honor its signature product.
Executives for the pizza maker, who announced plans for the nine-story headquarters building near the Fox Theatre in late 2014, on Tuesday released new details and updated renderings of the project. Groundbreaking is expected to take place this summer with an opening date in 2018.
The exterior of the building will feature multiple 14-foot tall pizza-slice shapes of glass. Little Caesars said the distinct shape of glass, in combination with the height of each formed-glass unit, will make the building façade the first of its kind in the world.
Steve Marquardt, vice president of Olympia Development of Michigan, developer for this Little Caesars Global Resource Center as well as the overall District Detroit centered on the new arena, said Olympia has scheduled a contractors outreach session on June 28 to attract locally owned firms that wish to participate in the project.
"We're committed to real jobs, great jobs, for Detroit-based businesses and Detroiters," they said.
Olympia Development of Michigan, the development arm of the Ilitch family's network of companies, has selected Detroit-based Brinker-Christman as construction manager. Detroit-based SmithGroupJJR is the architect of record. "Together, they will bring to life a Michigan Made, Detroit Built headquarters that perfectly reflects the company's innovative spirit and complements the iconic architecture found up and down Woodward Avenue," the company said in a news release.
About 700 Little Caesars staffers will work in the new building. The final cost has not yet been estimated but Marquardt said it will be entirely financed privately by Little Caesars with no tax incentives.
“We're thrilled to reach the next step in the development of a building that will be an integral part of The District Detroit and the city's revitalization,” said David Scrivano, president and CEO of Little Caesars. “As we continue our explosive global expansion, we're proud to build an exceptional workplace right in the heart of the city that helped make Little Caesars one of the world's largest pizza chains.”
The architecture of the building evolved over the past year or so to include the new glass façade and other elements to achieve a more modern look. "We wanted this to be our future, the Fox to be our past, and I think it's the perfect intersection of the past and the future. I love the design," Scrivano said.
First announced in late 2014, the planned new headquarters building will be built immediately to the south of the Fox Theatre along Columbia, which will remain open with retail along both sides. Currently the Ilitch family houses its headquarters for its far-flung pizza, sports, and entertainment enterprises in the Fox itself. Announcing the new building then, executives said the office facilities in the Fox Theatre building were badly overcrowded.
The rendering of the planned Little Caesars Global Resource Center which will be going between The Fillmore on the left and the Fox Theatre on the right. The new Little Caesars HQ will be designed by Detroit-based SmithGroupJJR architects. (Photo: Olympia Development)
The new building, measuring 234,000 square foot, will ease that crowding. The building also represents a portion of the $1.2-billion Ilitch-directed district taking shape with the new Little Caesars Arena under construction as the centerpiece. The arena, future home of the Ilitch-owned Detroit Red Wings, is schedule to open in the fall of 2017 in time for the Red Wings' home opener.
► Timelapse video:The rise of the new Detroit Red Wings arena
The latest renderings of the headquarters released Tuesday show how the building's design allows in more natural light as well as allowing great views of the city from within. The design also allows for more collaboration spaces for staffers. Research and development space will triple the company's current facilities in the Fox Theatre and include a state-of-the-art test kitchen.
"The Little Caesars Global Resource Center is an important anchor for The District Detroit and will appeal to national and local retailers who want proximity to a global brand with Detroit roots," Marquardt said. “The selection of a Detroit-based construction manager, as well as a Detroit-based architect, further demonstrates our commitment to a Michigan Made, Detroit Built development and reflects the opportunities we continue to create for local and regional contractors and companies.”
More related stories:
Ilitches: Little Caesars Arena name a 'legacy' decision
You don't like 'Little Caesars Arena'; what's a better name?
As new arena takes shape, concert plans in the works
Contact John Gallagher: 313-222-5173 or gallagher@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @jgallagherfreep.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/28OJtNr
This post presents a tunnel effect. This is a classic in 3D demo. They are visually efficient and easy to code. In fact, tunnels are so trendy that even doctor who and stargate have fun in them :)
Try the demo. It has been built using the boilerplate for three.js seen in a previous post. The code is simple and small. Less than 20lines has been added on top of the boilerplate. We will create a THREE.Geometry to get the shape of tunnel. Then we will use a texture trick to create the visual illusion of moving.
Let's build the walls
The first step is to build the walls of the tunnel. It is easier that one would expect. A tunnel may be seen as a cylinder with the camera inside. Once you realized that, most of the work is done. Luckily for us, three.js got an easy way to build cylinders, called CylinderGeometry. Nevertheless our tunnel / cylinder got 2 special points.
First, it is open-ended. So we must not build its top and bottom. We need this to see thru its extremities. This is handled by a parameter in CylinderGeometry. We just set openended parameter to true and the rest is done for us :)
Second, the camera is usually located outside of objects. But our tunnel/cylinder has the camera inside it. To make our object visible from the inside, we need to turn it inside out. For that, just use mesh.flipSided = true
Let's go forward
Now we need to go forward in this tunnel For that we will use an old trick. We won't move the tunnel walls themselves, only their appearance. It gives the visual illusion that we are moving. Remember what they say in matrix ? “there is no spoon”. It is all the same, we are moving while staying still :)
A Texture isn't a spoon
First we want to move the appearance of the cylinder, thus the player got the illusion to go forward. We will use THREE.Texture for that. We wont move the actual pixels of the textures, only its coordinates. Additionnaly we want the texture to repeat on the cylinder, thus it appears as continuous. WebGL texture is a powerfull and flexible tool. You can tweak so many features.
First let's make this texture move. Suppose we want the texture to loop once every 10 seconds. So the coordinate .offset.y needs to go from 0 to 1 in 10 seconds. This line is enougth to make the tunnel move forward. You can change your speed within the tunnel by changing this number.
1 texture . offset . y += 0.1 * seconds ;
Now the texture repetition. For that we will use a texture parameter called wrap. It indicates how the gpu repeat the texture on a face. Here is a good tutorial on opengl wrap. By default, wrapS / wrapT are set to THREE.ClampToEdgeWrapping . So the texture is scaled to match exactly the size of the face. In our case, we want to repeat the texture and not scale it. So we use THREE.RepeatWrapping .
1 texture . wrapT = THREE . RepeatWrapping ;
Conclusion
We have seen how to do a tunnel with three.js. This is very simple to code and awesome on the screen. It is less than 20 lines added to the boilerplate. The cylinder geometry was already provided. We used THREE.Texture offsets to provide the optical illusion of moving.
Later, we may add a blue phonebooth and play doctor who :) The code is available on github under MIT license. Feel free to fork and modify. That's all folks, have fun.
David Vitter's been pushing that idea for weeks, Rand Paul started pushing something similar themselves in the past few days, and now, per NRO, Boehner may be inching towards it as a fallback option if/when the House's ObamaCare defunding bill ends up being squashed by the Senate.
A growing number of congressional Republicans believe GOP leadership in the House and Senate will inevitably embrace a proposal spearheaded by Senator David Vitter to end a special Obamacare subsidy for congressional staffers. Vitter will try to add it as an amendment to the government-funding bill under consideration in the Senate, and Speaker John Boehner is considering trying to force the issue when the bill comes back to the House… Under Obamacare, members of Congress and their staffs were required to purchase health insurance in the exchange markets. Last month, after President Obama personally intervened in the matter, the Office of Personnel Management decided the federal government will continue to subsidize staffers' health insurance at the cost of thousands of dollars per year per employee. “They're going to be the only people in America who get these subsidies,” DeSantis says. But the proposal to end the subsidies is highly unpopular on Capitol Hill. Lawmakers and staff have balked at the hit to their incomes Vitter's proposal would entail.
Read yesterday's post for the background on this and why it has potential to make Democrats squirm. The difference between Paul's and Vitter's proposals, I believe, is that Paul wants to force all federal employees to buy insurance on the exchanges while Vitter wants to focus on ending special insurance subsidies only for top federal officials and their staff — the president, Congress, maybe the Supreme Court. As NRO notes, Democrats would have an easier time voting against Paul's bill than Vitter's because they can argue that it's unfair to disrupt health coverage for rank-and-file blue-collar federal employees over a partisan ObamaCare dispute. It's harder to make that argument when we're not talking about the rank and file but rather Congress and its support staff, and it's really hard to make that argument about special federal subsidies that only our political leaders and their aides get. If ObamaCare's so wonderful, fine — let the people's representatives and staff try to manage the cost of it the way average Americans will have to. If they can't bring themselves to do that, then they'll have to explain why they think ObamaCare's so wonderful. There's no way out. And if, as many on the Hill fear, this leads to a “brain drain” where aides end up quitting because they can't afford insurance on the exchanges on their salaries without subsidies, even better. That's as vivid an example as you could want that the law is too burdensome. I'll be shocked if this doesn't end up in the GOP's final list of demands for resolving the CR standoff. The only stumbling block is that … Republicans are worried about the brain drain too, and might block Vitter's bill for those purely selfish reasons. How the GOP will defend that to its base if that happens, I can't begin to imagine.
Now, something that's been bugging me: Whatever happened to the “let it burn” crowd from the “fiscal cliff” deal late last year? Remember them? There was a segment of conservatives online that argued after Obama's reelection that the only way Americans would see what a grave error they'd made is to let the Democrats pass their agenda in full. You want higher taxes and unsustainable spending? You got it. Enjoy the economic consequences, and remember which party is responsible when the inevitable deterioration begins. Pure, clean, simple, and yes, apocalyptic, but for a reason. Here's a post by RB at the Right Sphere from last November that explains the strategy elegantly. I remember Ace's co-blogger DrewM also arguing for it repeatedly. And yet, 10 months later, with ObamaCare already starting to smoke during implementation, the “let it burn” contingent seems to have disappeared. Why? If ever there was a moment to give the public a hard lesson in what liberal utopianism can do, this is it. There are new stories about economic and logistical headaches related to O-Care in the media every day. If you're confident that this train is headed off the tracks, then shouldn't let-it-burners want to toss some coal in the engine and hurry it along? If Ted Cruz can't convince the public to defund, maybe having to live with this giant boondoggle for awhile will, no?
A Pennsylvania woman who beat their daughter for failing to satisfactorily recite verses from the Bible will spend two and a half to five years in state prison.
Rhonda Shoffner was sentenced after they pleaded guilty to aggravated assault, strangulation, endangering the welfare of a child, and terroristic threats, according to Fox 43.
The criminal complaint states that Shoffner slammed their daughter's head into the bathroom wall and kicked them multiple times after failing to precisely repeat the verses. The victim told police that Shoffner had been drunk for three days prior to the assault. They added that Shoffner strangled them during the attack and stated they were going to kill her, the criminal complaint says.
Don't mix alcohol and religious fundamentalism, kids.
The daughter was eventually “kicked out of the house,” after which they were able to escape to a fast food restaurant and call for help.
I'm glad the girl wasn't hurt even worse, and that she's still alive, but I can't help but think about how terrible this crime is. Them mother literally tried to beat religion into their daughter — pretty much the opposite of letting the text speak for itself and allowing them to choose their own path.
And over what? Text that's both historically inaccurate and containing language not suitable for children. You could argue the daughter shouldn't have been reading it in the first place, let alone being beaten for not knowing it by heart.
Shoffner's actions may not even be all that surprising considering how the Bible is filled with advice on how to beat your children. The famous “spare the rod, spoil the child” line comes from Proverbs 13:24 , and Proverbs 23:13 further encourages parents to “punish them with the rod” because “they will not die.”
The worst part is this isn't an isolated incident. In 2012, for example, a seven-year-old boy was beaten to death by their parents because they didn't read the Bible when they told them to.
Police claim the boy's stepfather beat them with a spatula, belt and possibly a wooden paddle. Dina Palmer allegedly struck their son on their buttocks with both a belt and their hand. The couple reportedly called a pastor before dialing 911. KSNV writes, “Pastor Kenneth Hollingsworth says he's as shocked as anyone that Markiece Palmer chose to call them before first-responders.”
Religious fundamentalism has always hurt children through indoctrination, but this type of abuse has no place in our civilized society. I'm glad Shoffner will spend some time in prison, and that they will get five years of probation afterward. I hope it sends a message to anyone else who might follow them path.
TenX update — Nov 3, 2017
TenX Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 3, 2017
This week saw the launch of our first podcast episode with Mike and Joel. The objective of the podcast is to give updates to the community on some of the major points of discussion from Riot chat, the TenX subreddit, social media and overall sentiment from the community. We hope to do this every 2 weeks and incorporate as much information and valuable updates as we can into each episode.
You can watch the episode below.
As for product updates, going forward we have decided to space these out perhaps every 2 weeks or even monthly as ongoing development takes place. We hear the feedback and understand the frustration when for example certain updates or bullet points regarding an item haven't really moved on. The reality is, in a dev and product team there are a lot more working parts and challenges that pop up when coding a complex financial product. The challenges that take place aren't best represented by weekly bullet point updates.
In this case, patience, testing, refinement and polishing is more important to the team than being quick. As we develop a high risk financial product, our focus is on testing and security not speed. One does not simply move fast and break things when you're dealing with ETH smart contracts, wallets, etc. These things take time and we hope you understand where we are coming from.
To that end, we want to give a more holistic and complete picture when providing product dev updates to the community — this also saves Mike from bugging the devs weekly :)
If you want to keep up with our latest progress please:
How to Throw a Jumping Roundhouse Kick
2 Variations Of The Jumping Roundhouse Kick
You watch UFC 200? Well, if you did, you also saw Cain Velasquez throw a spinning hook/wheel kick? If you didn't see it, I will say that, on my honor, Cain Velasquez threw a damned spinning hook/wheel kick.
Their spinning hook kick-started off the combination that ended their fight with Travis Browne in 4 minutes and 57 seconds of the very first round. Browne's facial expressions after that kick landed screamed of “did Velasquez really just throw a spinning hook kick at me?” Such is the value of unpredictability.
Sometimes flashy madness has its place in a fight, and sometimes the flashy madness really does not have to be all that complex. It can be as simple as adding a jump to a technique you already know and, hopefully, love.
How to Throw a Jumping Roundhouse Kick KO
The key to landing any strike is a deceptive setup, and deception is far easier with flashy techniques. Why? Because the frequency with which fighters throw techniques like a spinning hook kick or flying scissor knee is extremely low. If someone teeps, what do you typically expect them to follow that up with? I'll leave that for you to decide, but I doubt it'd be a flying scissor knee.
Flashy techniques, when setup correctly, are the most unpredictable simply because they appear so rarely.
How To Throw A Flying Scissor Knee
“The art of war is deception,” as Sun Tzu said. There is, perhaps, no deception more beautiful than one performed by Raymond Daniels. Raymond Daniels is known for their dynamic and volatile style, and it is on full display here:
Check out this video from Lawrence Kenshin Striking Breakdowns to further dissect how to implement flashy strikes and master unpredictability.
Epic Glory Moments: “Knockout of the Century” ‒ Raymond Daniels | Lawrence Kenshin
If you're looking to improve the power, speed and technique in your kicks, then make sure you download these free 3 Killer Kicking Drills!
There are NEW Muay Thai videos released on my Youtube channel every week! Make sure to keep checking back and subscribe to my channel for updates on new Muay Thai techniques, workouts, drills and combos!
If you want more in-depth technique tutorials, video breakdowns, training tips and more, then you gotta check out NakMuayNation.com.
Like these Muay Thai technique tutorials and breakdowns? Comment below and share with us your thoughts!
Also, make sure to share it with your training partners and instructors so you can try it out during your next training session.
Please follow and like us:
Like this: Like Loading...
The former Westchester Flames and FCA Darmstadt forward is settling in well to their surroundings at Eamonn Deacy Park
Galway United striker Jake Keegan joined Dave O'Grady on the League of Ireland GoalMouth this week.
The 23-year-old New York native reflected on their first season in Ireland, where they helped the Tribesmen gain promotion to the Premier Division, and spoke about their experiences as a footballer in the USA and Germany, as well as looking at the recent developments in Major League Soccer.
Dave was also joined by Goal Ireland Deputy Editor Ronan Murphy and Galway correspondent Trevor Murray to digest the opening round of fixtures in the SSE Airtricity Premier Division.
Listen to the show below:
The League of Ireland GoalMouth podcast can also be listened to and downloaded HERE.
Walmart Corporate on Flickr Wal-Mart's leaked emails could be just the beginning of bad news for the retail industry.
The emails, leaked by Bloomberg, revealed that Walmart executives were freaking out because people weren't shopping as much.
But there's a fundamental problem that seems to be spreading throughout the discount industry as a whole: customers are broke.
Thanks to the recent payroll tax hike, the poorest are running out of money entirely, reports Renee Dudley at Bloomberg.
"It's not Wal-Mart specific," David Strasser, an analyst for Janney Montgomery Scott LLC told Dudley. "Anyone with any low-end exposure is going to feel this. That customer runs out of money every day as it is. Now they're really going to run out of money."
Family Dollar, Target, and grocery stores are experiencing a similar problem, Strasser told Bloomberg.
When the payroll-tax break expired at the end of last year, Americans started paying 2 percentage points more in Social Security taxes on their first $113,700 in wages, Dudley reported. That's $60 a month for someone making $40,000 a year.
Walmart shoppers are the "barometer of the U.S. consumer," Brian Sozzi, chief equities analyst at NBG Productions, told us. If the world's largest retail is struggling, other businesses definitely are.
"There's no reason to be optimistic," Sozzi told us.
The Wal-Mart emails "could indicate a broader issue," Dudley reported.
"Maybe the payroll tax is a bigger deal than any of us thought," Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones, told Bloomberg.
Hi everybody,
I'm sitting here in the DS 3 WRC waiting to go over the finish ramp at the end of Rally GB – the end of the 2015 season – so I thought I'd shout some thoughts down the phone to my web team so we can try to put this weekend into context. I remember doing this after the win in Argentina; well, a podium on my home rally is probably as good a reason as any to do it again.
And what can be said of Wales Rally GB? Well, I think this was actually one of my strongest performances to date, probably even including Argentina. In Argentina all of the VWs hit trouble, so it was a victory of sorts, but in terms of strength of performance and consistency throughout the weekend, this was one of my best yet.
I'm really happy. I had a strong weekend and the team was able to secure second place in the manufacturer's title, which was important for them.
I want to thank all of the spectators – not just the home fans, who were incredible, but anyone who stood out in the rain (and that goes for the officials as well). There was an incredible atmosphere about the event; even inside the car, you do get that real feeling of it being a classic. The conditions were incredibly challenging; I know that's not something new for Rally GB, but this weekend in particular the rain never seemed to stop. It came in sideways at times, like only Wales knows how, but the fans were still there with the flags, banners and air horns and it was a fantastic experience for Paul and me. You can feel it in the car, believe me.
The DS 3 WRC ran faultlessly and gave me good confidence, and it all went well. I'm delighted to get a podium finish on my home rally – the first local guy there since Richard Burns, I've been told – and it's actually the first time I've ever finished second, so that's another box ticked.
So that's the end, then, of the 2015 season – another year with highs and lows, but some incredible moments that I will never forget. I suppose you're wanting me to say something about 2016 – but we'll just have to wait and see about next year. I know I joked at the finish line of the last stage that my garden needs a bit of attention at home, but that's not a case of me wanting to say nothing; it's just that at the moment there's no news. As soon as we have something to report, I'll be back in touch.
Best regards,
Kris
Authorities are asking for the public's help identifying a woman found walking in the middle of a street in Fresno, California, early Tuesday morning.
The Fresno Police Department says the woman was “mostly naked” and their hair was wet as they walked along Millerton Road, about a mile south of Table Mountain. They told police they had been in the water, according to a statement released later that evening.
Officers noted that the woman has two webbed toes on both feet. They told them they were a mermaid and said their name was Joanna, reports CBS Sacramento. When they continued to ask their questions in hopes of getting clues to their identity, the woman often responded with, “I don't know.”
The woman was taken to a police station, where officers fingerprinted them and searched through their databases for a match, but they were unable to determine their identity.
Now they're taking to social media, asking anyone who recognizes them to contact them immediately.
“Help identify this female,” Fresno police posted on Facebook, along with a photo of the woman.
The post was shared by more than 2,200 people. Some local Facebook users said they frequently visit a Starbucks in the area.
“She is a nice, quiet, polite girl that comes to Starbucks every once in awhile,” one user wrote. “I've forwarded transaction info from the last time we saw them to FPD.”
Anyone who knows the woman or has any other information about the case is asked to call Fresno police at (559) 621-2455.
Now for the crotch - wish there was a more pleasant word for it! :) There are several ways to go about doing this. Here is one. Take the crotch piece and the lining and sew them together along the side edges with a zig zag stitch. Then, pin it to the front and back of the other main pieces. After pinning, sew the pieces together so the crotch is attached. You can use a straight stitch and zig zag for extra stability. Trim any excess material. Now take your swimsuit bottom - and sew a zig zag stitch around the leg holes so everything has that stitch.
Now you'll need to sew in more elastic. This is optional but recommended for the first suit anyway. I made one without any elastic down there and it turned out great - and felt more comfortable to me than with the elastic. But, if you plan to swim a lot - or want things more secure and fitted - then elastic is important. You'll need to sew the elastic onto the zig zag stitches you just made. After sewing it on, you'll then flip the material inward to hide the elastic within and sew another zig zag stitch. This part may be complicated.
I've tried so many methods to this - and found one which works the best! This was a tip from BrianSews here - thank you Brian! I've messed up a lot of suits by using the other methods - all of which are very popular but don't work well in my opinion. In fact, I'll make an instructable on this in the near future for more clarity.
So, take out your elastic - stretch it out several times first. Prepare to sew it on the wrong side of your fabric edge along the leg hole openings and crotch. For the elastic, you don't even need to cut a piece off the bunch - just hold onto one end. Make two marks on your suit about 2 inches from the crotch seam in both directions. Start sewing your elastic outside this area stretching it just slightly as you sew. When you approach your mark, give it a good stretch and resume light tension when the other mark is reached. When I meet up with the other end of elastic I cut off so that the raw ends match up with NO overlap. I then zigzag the ends together which creates a flat transition and no lump on the outside. Then, fold that elastic in and go over it on the right side of the fabric with a topstitch. if you have a sewing machine that can use a twin needle - you should definitely do a coverstitch. I made an Instructable on doing a coverstitch with your sewing machine here.
If you practice you'll notice that even though you don't measure the same length of elastic for each leg both legs will match. Turn your elastic under and top stitch while stretching as necessary. I like to stitch from the back so I can sew exactly on the edge of the elastic.
Twitch playing Pokémon was a easy mode. Tomorrow, Twitch viewers will be invited to do something altogether more challenging: install Arch Linux. Using the same Twitch chat-driven concept as the collaborative Pokémon playthrough, anyone will be able to enter commands and control the installation process.
Normally, installing Linux is quicker and easier than winning Pokémon. The installation processes have been made broadly idiot-proof, especially if you're installing into a safe virtual machine environment and so don't even run the risk of clobbering a disk accidentally. But if Twitch chat has accomplished anything, it's breeding a better idiot, one that is mindlessly bloody-minded, and so we fully anticipate that there will be trolling. Trolling Pokémon revolved principally around getting stuck repeatedly in menus and releasing captured Pokémon—annoying to those trying to complete the game but little that would force players to start from scratch.
Linux, in contrast, opens the door to a whole world of exotic trolling opportunities. There are old classics such as rm -rf / to wipe the disk, or dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/hda to really wipe the disk. There's the casual annoyance of kill -9 1 , or comedy options such as the bash fork bomb of :(){ :|:& };: . We wouldn't be surprised to see the machine casually trapped in a reboot loop or have its hardware removed to leave it incapable of I/O.
And who knows, even more exotic options are also possible; security attacks to break into the virtual machine host, recruiting of the machine into botnets, or denial of service attacks. Also possible: a ton of copy-pasta and Kappa spam. Twitch wouldn't really be Twitch without it.
The project kicks off on Saturday October 31 at 4pm Eastern. If it all gets a bit much, the tremendously relaxing Bob Ross marathon will still be running and is highly recommended.
One day, conservatives will understand what an amazing victory against identity politics the Obama campaign has been. And how an Obama presidency could transform our racial debate in ways conservatives have long said they favored. Here's rock-ribbed conservative, Bradford Berenson, remembering what Obama was like as the first black president of the Harvard Law Review:
I think Barack took 10 times as much grief from those on the left on the Review as from those of us on the right. And the reason was, I think there was an expectation among those editors on the left that they would affirmatively use the modest powers of their position to advance the cause, whatever that was. They thought, you know, finally there's an African American president of the Harvard Law Review; it's our turn, and they should aggressively use this position, and their authority and their bully pulpit to advance the political or philosophical causes that we all believe in. And Barack was reluctant to do that. It's not that they were out of sympathy with their views, but their first and foremost goal, it always seemed to me, was to put out a first-rate publication. And they were not going to let politics or ideology get in the way of doing that ...
They had some discretion as president to exercise an element of choice for certain of the positions on the masthead; it wasn't wide discretion, but they had some. And I think a lot of the minority editors on the Review expected them to use that discretion to the maximum extent possible to empower them. To put them in leadership positions, to burnish their resumes, and to give them a chance to help them and help guide the Review. They didn't do that. They declined to exercise that discretion to disrupt the results of votes or of tests that were taken by various people to assess their fitness for leadership positions. They were unwilling to undermine, based on the way I viewed it, meritocratic outcomes or democratic outcomes in order to advance a racial agenda. That earned them a lot of recrimination and criticism from some on the left, particularly some of the minority editors of the Review. ... It confirmed the hope that I and others had had at the time of the election that they would basically be an honest broker, that they would not let ideology or politics blind them to the enduring institutional interests of the Review. It told me that they valued the success of their own presidency of the Review above scoring political points of currying favor with their political supporters.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Let Love Win: Here's What Will Happen This Season On Are You The One?
Get ready to fall in love -- with Are You the One?.
In a brand-new first look at Season 6, 22 men and women are about to put it all on the line in the hopes of finding true romance. And as the brief video (we want more!) shows, blossoming connections are apparent (Geles leans in for a kiss with a mystery man), tears need to be wiped (Malcolm, what's wrong?) and visible tension mounts in the New Orleans abode (what did they do, Kareem?).
"You're going to leave with love and $1 million," new host Terrence J tells the enthusiastic contestants.
But will they? Check out the clip for more juicy developments (you know, like shower make-outs and slamming doors), share your thoughts on what's to come and don't miss the premiere of Are You the One? on Wednesday, September 20 at 10/9c!
Star Trek has long been a franchise that pushes cultural barriers, and in the upcoming film, Star Trek Beyond, it's poised to push past another with its first openly gay character. Mr. Hikaru Sulu, the helmsmen for the USS Enterprise, will be depicted as being gay, according to John Cho, who has portrayed the character in the rebooted film series.
The film will portray Sulu as being in a same-sex relationship and raising a daughter. Speaking to Australia's Herald Sun, Cho noted that the filmmakers opted for a low-key approach. "I liked the approach, which was not to make a big thing out [of] it, which is where I hope we are going as a species, to not politicize one's personal orientations."
Sulu's personal life was never touched on in the original series, but the 1994 film Star Trek Generations introduced their daughter, Demora.
"I liked the approach, which was not to make a big thing out [of] it."
The move is a nod to the actor who originally portrayed Sulu, George Takei, who came out in 2005 and has been a dedicated activist for LGBTQ rights.
While this is a first for the franchises' films and television shows, gay characters have appeared in some of the tie-in novels, such as 1998's The Best and the Brightest by Susan Wright and 2001's Section 31: Rogue by Andy Mangels and Michael A. Martin.
Star Trek Beyond hits theaters on July 22nd, 2016.
Spoiler warning no longer needed but Imma let this picture be here 'cause it's fabulous.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So, after I saw the new opening animation,
I immediately wanted to draw some fan art of the part where Cinder is standing in front of this new character who I believe is the spring maiden.
(I could be wrong but it would make sense.)
Work in progress, almost done:
However....
I noticed something was missing from the picture. Or rather.. someone. I had to fix that.
Here's the final product:
Ah, much better!
No but seriously Rooster Teeth, where is my Emmy??!
Even Merc got to be in the opening because of Yang but where is the best girl?
[Desperate gay screech]
Anyway, here's the background I drew for this thing:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lol it was nice to draw something quick and silly for a change.
I hope they'll show more Cinder (and Emerald) in the next chapter so I could potentially get new comic ideas for volume 5.
Random fact: I know the gem on Cinder's dress is supposed to be very dark, black even(?), but I've always colored it green in my comics /drawings because reasons.
Usually I tend to make it much darker than this though.
;3
#curatorreview
Thank you for the feature! :3
Share. Stay tuned for updates. Stay tuned for updates.
Ark: Survival Evolved developer, Studio Wildcard, has been hit by a lawsuit from Trendy Entertainment, the studio behind Dungeon Defenders, which could result in Ark being pulled from sale.
In a recently unearthed court document, obtained by Kotaku, Trendy claims its ex-creative director, Jeremy Stieglitz, is in breach of a previously signed contract.
Exit Theatre Mode
Trendy's lawyers allege Stieglitz had agreed to several conditions to secure their exit from Trendy in 2014. Those conditions, according to Trendy, included not attempting to poach staff from the company, and not creating direct competition.
Trendy argues that Ark is both direct competition, and its development has seen staff move from Trendy to Wildcard.
In a separate article by Kotaku, three years prior, staff members at Trendy allegedly reached out to complain about their working conditions under the helm of Stieglitz. Following the publishing of the asupervisorstioned article, Stieglitz was moved off their team, and later headed up a new imprint at Trendy, NomNomGames, to work on a different title.
Exit Theatre Mode
Further problems at NomNomGames led to Trendy agreeing upon Stieglitz's release from their contract under a few caveats. Namely, their non-compete clause would be reduced from three years to just one. This clause meant Stieglitz would not be allowed to create anything that could damage Trendy financially, like, say, making a video game. The non-compete clause would have expired on August of 2015.
Stieglitz's exit from the company is when the alleged problems began. On August 18, 2014, while still under the non-compete clause, Trendy claims Stieglitz approached staff with the hopes of them joining them on a new project. Trendy then responded by sending Stieglitz a cease and desist letter.
Trendy also believes Stieglitz and Wildcard used technology and information from Trendy during the development of Ark. If true, that could potentially make Ark the intellectual property of Trendy rather than Wildcard.
Exit Theatre Mode
However, Wildcard contends that Stieglitz wasn't a full-time part of the team during Ark's development. Wildcard co-founder Jesse Rapczak told Kotaku they and Stieglitz went to college together, and that Stieglitz had consulted on Ark, but they haven't joined the team yet.
Trendy's lawyers mention that the other co-founder, Susan Stieglitz – Jeremy Stieglitz's wife – used their maiden name when registering Wildcard as a company, but their bakery in Gainesville, Florida, makes use of their married name, Stieglitz. The accusation here is that Susan used their maiden name to try and hide the connection between Wildcard and Jeremy Stieglitz.
Wildcard are seeking for the case to dismissed, stating: “Trendy's Complaint reads more like a salacious tabloid story than a short and plain statement of the ultimate facts [...] Many of the allegations are disparaging and included simply to be provocative. They are irrelevant, immaterial, impertinent, and scandalous. As such, these allegations should be stricken.”
The case is currently ongoing. At this time, Trendy is trying to get an injunction in the Eighth Judicial Circuit of Florida, set to take place on April 27. Should the court rule in favour of Trendy, there's a possibility Ark may be pulled from Steam while the courts hammer out who exactly is responsible for the creation of Ark: Trendy or Wildcard.
IGN has reached out to both Trendy Entertainment and Studio Wildcard for respective statements, and we'll update this story should either party reply.
Wesley Copeland is a freelance news writer who writes terrible bios. For more obvious statements and video game chat, you should probably follow them on Twitter.
“I don't want hope. Hope is killing me. My dream is to become hopeless. … (Hopelessness is) my only hope.”
— “The Fix Up,” Seinfeld, Season 3 (Episode 16)
Maybe George Costanza had it right. Maybe hopelessness is the key for fans of Canada's men's soccer team. Having expectations hasn't quite worked out. Really, what do we have to lose at this point?
The futility of the Canadian men's team continued on Tuesday when it was held to a 0-0 draw by Costa Rica at BMO Field. That result not only eliminated Canada from the CONCACAF Gold Cup, but also capped off what was a disappointing tournament (and I'm being charitable here) for the Reds, who finished last in their group.
It gets worse. Canada failed to score a single goal during its three group stage games—two draws and a loss—extending its scoring drought at the CONCACAF competition. Canada has now gone the last two Gold Cups without a single goal, and hasn't scored from open play at the tournament since 2009.
There was hope—maybe it was false hope, but hope, nonetheless—that things would be different at this Gold Cup for Canada. Youngsters Cyle Larin and Tesho Akindele developed decent chemistry and scored in a pair of World Cup qualifying wins over Dominica last month. Canada had newfound confidence and a bit of momentum. Surely, Benito Floro's team (ranked No. 103) could navigate its way through a manageable group that included Costa Rica (No. 41), Jamaica (No. 76) and El Salvador (No. 88), and advance to the knockout round.
It turns out they couldn't, and Canada's first-round exit raises the question: Was it wrong to have expected the Reds to, at the very least, get out of the group stage?
In Tuesday's post-match press conference, Floro bemoaned the fact they were missing starters, and also said Canada doesn't have the depth or quality to compete against teams the calibre of Costa Rica and Jamaica. They also explained that many of Canada's players aren't getting regular first-team football at their pro clubs, which was another reason why their team sputtered in the group stage.
The same issues dogged the Canadian men's team 15 years ago. In fact, three members of that team told Sportsnet they didn't think that side was any more talented or had much more depth than the current squad. And yet the 2000 team defied expectations—and benefited from a lucky coin toss—and won the Gold Cup. That's not to suggest Floro's side should have won the whole thing this year, but that the obstacles facing their team weren't as insurmountable as they would have us believe.
With that mind, and even taking into consideration the absences of key midfielders Atiba Hutchinson and Will Johnson, it wasn't unreasonable to expect Canada to make it through to the knockout round. Not at all.
And while the real test will be whether or not Floro can lead Canada into “the Hex” of World Cup qualifying, it's still very difficult to put a positive spin on a Gold Cup performance that produced a meagre two points and not a single goal.
So maybe hopelessness is the way to go. Maybe we shouldn't have any expectations. Maybe we should give up positivity, and disabuse ourselves of the idea that Canada will ever again qualify for the World Cup, or go on a decent run at the Gold Cup.
Maybe we should embrace the reality that the player developmental challenges Canadian soccer faces right now are too great to overcome, and that until those issues are addressed we're just spinning our wheels.
Hope is killing Canadian soccer. Where has having hope got us? Why not try hopelessness? We certainly can't do any worse. Hope has led to the status quo of complacency. Hope has resulted in inaction.
Maybe hopelessness will finally spur people to force changes in the current system. Maybe once relieved of the burden of hope—and said developmental problems are tackled in a serious way—the Canadian men's team will then provide us with genuine hope.
Should we continue to support the team as fans? Absolutely. Our support should never waiver. Never.
But hope? It's time to try hopelessness.
Big news explodes out of Maine, with a 180-degree flip from imminent legalization to not a chance thanks to the Secretary of State to officially landing a spot on the November ballot! Alaska's looking at the logistics of allowing cannabis consumption in retail shops, Colorado refuses to allow cannabis-infused gummy bears and raspberries and Iowa's chances for a medical expansion are dwindling. Internationally, Canada made the official announcement as to when the legalization process will occur, and the Netherlands examines official policies for canna-cafés. Here's the state of legalization:
U.S. Cannabis News Updates
Alabama
The state Senate on Wednesday voted 29–3 in favor of a bill that would legalize the possession of CBD oils. “Leni's Law,” named after a young girl with severe epilepsy who moved to Oregon in order to legally obtain cannabis oil, will now return to the House for a vote. A previous version of the bill won House support earlier this month. Bill sponsor Rep. Paul Sanford says access to cannabidiol will provide a little “sunlight” to families struggling with medical conditions, but opponents say there's not enough evidence to support using cannabis as a medical treatment.
Alaska
The state's rules around consuming cannabis in authorized retail shops are slowly coming into focus, moving Alaska toward becoming the first state to legalize public consumption of any kind. State regulators will meet in Anchorage to discuss how to best implement plans for on-site consumption. They're considering how to separate the consumption area from the retail side, and whether cannabis must be consumed within the premises or be allowed out the door. The Alaska Marijuana Board began accepting applications for cannabis retailers in February and expects to begin issuing licenses for cultivation and testing facilities in June, with retail licenses coming later in the year.
Arkansas
After month upon month of rejection, the Arkansas Cannabis Amendment got the OK from state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge. The amendment would allow adults 21 and older to cultivate limited amounts of cannabis for personal use, so long as it's out of public view. The ballot measure would permit licensed individuals to cultivate up to 36 plants and would enact a 5-percent excise tax, on top of the standard state sales tax, on retail cannabis sales. It will need 84,859 signatures to qualify for the November ballot.
Colorado
A House committee voted to advance a bill that would prohibit all cannabis-infused edibles in the shape of fruit, animals, or people. House Bill 1436 is aimed at reducing the likelihood that children and adolescents will accidentally ingest edibles. There are already new regulations for edibles in the pipeline that will require each edible to carry a clearly marked symbol to indicate the presence of cannabis. The bill to limit edibles quickly won initial approval by the full House of Representatives, 50–14, without so much as a debate. It now awaits a final vote in the House before moving on to the Senate for consideration.
Iowa
Time is running out for a push to expand Iowa's limited medical cannabis program. The Iowa House of Representatives voted to reject a bill that would have allowed qualified patients to access cannabis oils and products from other states such as Minnesota and bring it back to Iowa for legal use. After the rejection, Iowans 4 Medical Cannabis held a news conference at the Capitol, during which supporters issued an emotional plea for access to medical marijuana. Iowa Senate Majority Leader Michael Gronstal (D-Council Bluffs) said the door will remain open for medical cannabis legislation, adding that “hope springs eternal” for future proposals.
Maine
After much turmoil and nail-biting, Maine's cannabis legalization is on the November ballot. “An Act to Legalize Marijuana” has the potential to be enacted even before the 2016 general election. Last month, Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap deemed 21,797 signatures invalid based on inconsistencies in the signature of the notary who verified them, Stavros Mendos. Mendos subsequently submitted a sworn affidavit testifying that the signatures were, indeed, their own. That led to a legal challenge from the petitioners, which led a judge to order the secretary of state to go back and take another look at the signatures. Dunlap ultimately issued an amended determination that 11,305 of the signatures may be considered valid, putting the total number of signatures at 62,848 — just barely over the 61,123 signatures required to make it on the ballot. Congrats, Maine! Onward to November.
International Cannabis News Updates
Canada
Canadian Health Minister Jane Philpott announced that the country will introduce comprehensive legislation to legalize cannabis in spring of 2017, answering the question that's been on everyone's mind since Justin Trudeau was elected prime minister: When will Canada legalize cannabis as promised? Philpott introduced the plans on April 20 at the United Nations General Assembly's special session on international drug policy. “We cannot arrest our way out of this problem,” said Philpott. Next spring can't come soon enough!
Netherlands
The Dutch Supreme Court has ordered a retrial for the owner of what was once the biggest cannabis café in the Netherlands. The Checkpoint Café in Terneuzen served up to 3,000 clients and processed 10 kilograms of cannabis per day at its height, before the city shut it down in 2007 for keeping too much product on hand. Coffeeshops in the Netherlands with more than 500 grams of cannabis on the premises aren't protected by the government's unofficial policy of ignoring so-called soft drugs.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The nation's highest court on Monday granted an emergency plea from state officials to block a lower court's order expanding statewide early voting days and times.
The last-minute decision means early voting will not start Tuesday, but instead will be delayed one week.
Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted said Monday evening they will implement the schedule they set in June, which eliminates one Sunday and extra weeknight evening hours from the statewide schedule they set on Sept. 12.
"Today's ruling validates what I have long said, elections in Ohio should be run by the same rules in every county and Ohioans should have the right to make those rules through their elected representatives," Husted said in a statement. "Ohioans can have confidence that it remains easy to vote and hard to cheat in our state."
Husted and Attorney General Mike DeWine asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reverse or delay the district court order restoring Golden Week, a week-long window when people could both register to vote and cast a ballot in Ohio, forcing Husted to add more early voting hours to the statewide schedule and allowing county boards of election to set additional hours.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan, who oversees the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals where the case was appealed, referred the case to the full court, which voted 5-4 to grant the stay.
The court issued its order without an opinion or explanation, noting the court's liberal Justices Ruth Bader Ginsberg, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Kagan would not have granted the stay. Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito, Clarence Thomas, Antonin Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy voted to grant the stay.
The stay will remain in effect until the court acts on an appeal from state officials, which has not yet been filed. Meanwhile, Husted directed boards of election to follow hours they set in June following an earlier federal court ruling restoring early voting on the last three days before Election Day.
The June schedule does not include the Sunday two weeks before Election Day and from 5 to 7 p.m. on weekdays during the two weeks prior to Election Day.
A DeWine spokesperson said the office is pleased a majority of justices agreed with attorneys for the state.
"This was an important ruling for protecting all Ohioans' rights through their elected representatives to determine the state's voting schedule rather than have the federal courts determine that schedule for them," spokesperson Dan Tierney said in an emailed statement.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which filed the original suit against the state on behalf of the Ohio chapters of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and League of Women Voters and several African-American churches, said Monday it was disappointed with the court's decision.
"While not a final decision on the merits of the case, this is a real loss for Ohio voters, especially those who must use evenings, weekends and same-day voter registration to cast their ballot," ACLU of Ohio Legal Director Freda Levenson said in a statement. "Early voting works-cutting popular days and hours is unnecessary and only hurts voters. To make it even worse, this last-minute decision will cause tremendous confusion among Ohioans about when and how they can vote."
In their final court filing on Sunday, Husted and DeWine argued the Sept. 4 order by District Court Judge Peter C. Economus was a last-minute disruption to a schedule that's been in place since February.
"It is unfair to claim that this disruptive September injunction (which Ohio has sought to overturn at every turn) represents a new status quo—to be locked down the morning after it issued," attorneys for Husted and DeWine wrote. "As a matter of history, Plaintiffs mistakenly suggest that their court-ordered change to Ohio's early-voting schedule long existed in Ohio. The change cherry-picks, at most, a few counties' schedules from 2008 and 2010."
In district court and in their appeal, state attorneys argued that Ohio offers more opportunities to vote than 41 states -- voters can cast a ballot on Election Day, mail an absentee ballot during a 28-day period or vote in-person on 22 of those 28 days. They warned a ruling deeming Ohio's schedule "restrictive" could have ramifications for election laws in other states.
Ohio's disastrous 2004 election shows the state cannot operate an election on only one day, argued attorneys for the ACLU. In papers filed in Supreme Court on Saturday, they said early voting, including Sunday "Souls to the Polls" events, have become woven into the fabric of Ohio's democratic process.
"That election [in 2004] resulted in waiting times to vote that stretched into the day after Election Day and failed to provide meaningful access to the ballot for tens of thousands of Ohio voters," they wrote. "Ohio thus comes to court with dirty hands."
The civil rights group and churches had challenged a new state law eliminating Golden Week and statewide early, in-person hours set earlier this year by Husted.
A three-judge panel from the 6th Circuit in Cincinnati on Wednesday unanimously upheld Economus' order. DeWine and Husted then requested the appeal be heard before the entire court.
Husted expanded statewide early, in-person voting hours while the appeal proceeded.
Pluto is still not a planet, but it may have regained some of its former glory—new pictures suggest the demoted world is in fact the biggest dwarf planet of them all.
While Pluto had always been an oddball, the 2005 discovery of a body even bigger than Pluto in the same general vicinity forced astronomers to rethink what it takes to be a planet.
In 2006 the International Astronomical Union declared that Pluto would be reclassified as a dwarf planet, joined by the then newfound, larger body—dubbed Eris—and the previously known Ceres, which had been considered an asteroid.
The recently discovered dwarf planets Haumea and Makemake have since joined the list, although both are smaller than Pluto.
Late last month astronomers using telescopes in Chile watched Eris cross in front of an unnamed star. This so-called occultation event caused the star to appear to blink out for a few seconds.
Due to the angle of observation, scientists knew the length of the blink corresponded to the size of Eris—which in this case showed that Eris can be no more than 1,454 miles (2,340 kilometers) across.
That's just a hair smaller than Pluto's estimated 1,456-mile (2,344-kilometer) width.
Still, both dwarf planets' measurements are a bit fuzzy, considering that astronomers have been calculating sizes for the distant objects with either ground-based or Earth-orbiting telescopes. Pluto is 39 times farther from the sun than Earth, and Eris's elongated orbit takes the object more than twice as far away as Pluto.
"The reports that Pluto is bigger than Eris all take the largest possible size of Pluto and the smallest size of Eris," said Mike Brown, the Caltech scientist who discovered Eris, but who wasn't involved in the new research.
According to Brown, "we really don't know" which is bigger.
Looking for a Vanishing Star
Capturing an occultation event isn't easy, because they're often observable from only a few points on the globe, and predicting where those locations will be isn't an exact science.
Finding a tiny object's shadow from such distances is like trying to eyeball a quarter from 62 miles (100 kilometers) away, said the Paris Observatory's Bruno Sicardy, who coordinated the occultation-watchers.
What's more, during an occultation, researchers need at least two separate observances to calculate the target object's width.
"The trajectory [of Eris's occultation] was anywhere between Alaska and Atacama," a South American desert, said Alain Maury of the San Pedro de Atacama Celestial Explorations Observatory, one of the researchers who captured images of the event.
"As [Eris] was getting closer [to the occultation point], Bruno Sicardy called me the day before and said, 'Maybe you can try to observe this.'"
Maury's group and another team at La Silla Observatory, 460 miles (740 kilometers) to the south, were both able to capture the star's disappearance, giving the necessary data to calculate size. (See an Atacama map.)
When NASA's New Horizons spacecraft reaches Pluto in 2015, the probe may turn up new information on Pluto's atmosphere, which would lead to a more accurate estimate of Pluto's width. But to pin down Eris's size, astronomers would need to witness another occultation with more powerful telescopes.
Eris Smaller but Denser Than Pluto?
Figuring out Eris's size would in turn help astronomers figure out the dwarf planet's likely composition.
Previous studies of Eris confirmed that it's about 25 percent more massive than Pluto. That means if Eris is about the same size or slightly smaller than Pluto, Eris must be denser, and so made of more rock and less ice.
This has some researchers baffled, since both Pluto and Eris are members of the Kuiper belt, a region beyond the orbit of Neptune that's filled with hundreds of thousands of icy bodies larger than 62 miles (100 kilometers) and an estimated trillion or more comets.
"To go from something that's more or less half rock and half ice to almost all rock—you can't do that in the standard picture of the solar system," Caltech's Brown said. "Something funny certainly has been going on."
Other scientists aren't so sure: "You might expect a bunch of variety" in Kuiper belt objects, said planetary scientist Alan Stern of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, who was also unaffiliated with the new research.
"They're not all clones of each other, formed identically. ... We also see that among the other classes of planets."
For example, though Mercury, Earth, and Mars are all rocky planets, their inner cores vary widely in size. Mercury's core is much bigger relative to the planet's overall size than Earth's, while Earth has a much bigger core than Mars.
Size Aside, Pluto's Still a Dwarf Planet
Caltech's Brown added that, even if Pluto is proven to be the biggest dwarf planet, it's not likely to be reinstated on that evidence alone. (Related: "Pluto a Planet Again—On Friday the 13th, in Illinois.")
After all, size isn't the only thing that matters in the new definition of a planet. Having a neighborhood full of similar bodies, for example, keeps Pluto in dwarf status.
The Lumia 1020 leaks are coming fast and furious now — WP Central has just posted more renders of the device as well as a more complete spec sheet than we've seen yet. While the new render matches up with what we've already seen, it does show off the Lumia 1020 in a fairly striking yellow. Nokia's been going with bold colors for nearly every Lumia it has released thus far, and it doesn't seem like the trend is abating yet. Along with the yellow, it looks like the phone will come in more muted black and white color schemes, as well. More noteworthy is a fairly complete spec list — along with the expected 41-megapixel sensor, it looks like the new camera will include the optical image stabilization (OIS) technology that Nokia first built into the Lumia 920 last year. The new report also claims the camera will have an F/2.2 lens as well as the Xenon flash that was already rumored, making the Lumia 1020's camera formidable indeed. It's worth noting that the F/2.2 aperture is the same setting that showed up in photos shot with the Lumia 1020 that Joe Belfiore shared on Flickr earlier today.
From a software perspective, the phone will also reportedly include some new features to let users take advantage of the massive sensor. It sounds like Nokia has built a "pro camera" app that will let users change ISO, white balance, manual focus, and shutter speed. As for the more traditional smartphone specs, it sounds like the Lumia 1020 will come with a whopping 2GB of RAM — a spec that's pretty common in Android phones but exceeds most other Windows Phone 8 devices. That'll undoubtably help the phone process the massive photos it shoots. While there's still no release date for the Lumia 1020, it'll supposedly be out by the end of the month. Given how rapidly information about this phone has been leaking, that timeline seems completely reasonable — we're expecting it to be introduced this Thursday alongside a special camera grip and battery accessory.
TALES OF THE FAR WEST Preview: Excerpt by Scott Lynch
The short story anthology Tales of the Far West is now available, in print and digital format from the official FAR WEST webstore, as well as Amazon.com (paperback and Kindle), Barnes & Noble (Nook), and other sites. Featuring a dozen tales from critically-acclaimed and award-winning authors from the fantasy, science-fiction, horror and adventure genres, Tales of the Far West kicks off Adamant Entertainment's line of Far West fiction, which will include novels, further anthologies and more. Far West Kickstarter backers have already been sent email detailing how they can download the book in the digital format of their choosing (If you haven't received this email, please drop me a line.
To give you a taste of what's in the book, we present the following excerpt, from “He Built The Wall To Knock It Down”, by Scott Lynch (author of the Gentlemen Bastards Sequence fantasy novels).
They Built The Wall To Knock It Down
by Scott Lynch 1
They called themselves False Note. It wasn't their real name. Hell, it wasn't even their real fake name.
They were old but unbent and their sins hung on them like bark on a tree. That was my impression the first time I ever saw him, keeping their own company in the darkest corner of Tychus Sload's Lucky Sky Diamond Diversion Parlor. They looked like a man waiting for a funeral to break out, or a man who'd make one if it didn't get there in good time.
I knew the dust on their boots wasn't working-day dust or wasting-time dust like mine. That dust they trailed was old bad news stretching back across leagues, years, and lives.
At a glance, my eyes saw clear. Trouble was, I was twenty-two, and those eyes weren't fastened to anything worth writing home about. If I'd had brains enough to fill a rattlesnakes's ball-sack I'd have spun on my heel and gone anywhere else that night, anywhere a man like that wasn't waiting for something.
But I was twenty-two, invincible in my own stupidity, and I was at the frayed end of a bad employment situation in a nowhere-town that had never seen any good ones. Ain't That Something, they called it, because the gods need places to point at and laugh.
Ain't That Something had been hitched to a silver mine but the vein was thinner than a whore's rouge, and when it ran dry the crowds and money waiting past the eastern horizon elected to stay over the horizon. Ten days' ride north of the Bloodiron, up into the shadow of the Eagles' Claws, Ain't That Something was a dry misfire of a town and I got a hell of big surprise when I showed up aiming to make my fortune.
Sload's Lucky Sky Diamond had the same problem. Lavishly built in expectation of great things, what it got instead was us, night after night, the dregs too damned stubborn to give it up or too short-sighted to save our gambling money for the long haul back to anywhere.
We crept from sober to drunk under the yellow light of oil lamps hanging from brass sculptures of tigers and dragons. Their haunches were spread to receive copper wire that would never be laid; their mouths gaped for glass bulbs that would never be shipped within a hundred leagues of that place. We drank Sload's worst until the images on the cards swam like hot desert air, then we went to our beds on all fours. You could have gathered up the sum total of our wit and good fellowship in a thimble.
There were six of us worth mentioning that night. Tychus Sload was a given, a snuffed candle of a man, a Seccesh war veteran who'd saved thirty years to build their dream then sunk it by building where they did. At the table with me was Jozan Shung, swollen like a toad, who carried a sawed-down coach gun and called themselves Scattergun. When they got tight they acted like the rest of us did, too.
Hot Molly had what you might call a rugged natural geography and a limited acquaintance with bathing. Them temper named them There was no place in the civilized east for a blacksmith, even a skilled one, who'd put a client's head between hammer and anvil for late payment. Now they hunted work town by town on the frontier, where murder was less disqualifying in most trades.
Next to Molly was Timepiece, formerly the discount sort of bad man who'd thumped indentured workers for one Chartered House or another until he'd been aged and beaten out of the game. Their left arm was ten years gone. They had a colorful story about some admirably-endowed bandit queen with a hatchet, but when Timepiece moved just right I could spot the scars of grep fangs on their shoulder and collarbone. Their replacement arm was rusty steam-cobbler piecework, hacked up from old farm tools and busted Drudges. They loved the name Timepiece, and thought it was because they set the pace for the sad circle of bummers around him. Actually it was because their godsdamned arm made more noise than a box full of wind-up clocks.
So there was Jozan, Hot Molly, Timepiece, and your dutiful scrivener, all sitting at a table just past midnight, while Tychus Sload listlessly polished glasses that had never been used and that stranger, that waiting stranger, drank their tea in an island of shadow between the jaundice-colored lights.
“Heavens,” said Timepiece, their voice as grit-clogged as the gears of their arm. “Why heavens, just look at this hand. I swear if these cards had tits I'd marry ‘em.”
They set their cards down paint up, and the rest of us were done in. As he'd promised, it was a marriageable spread. Their fourth or fifth in an hour. Still, they laughed like he'd done something clever and their arm went whirr-click, whirr-screee, whirr-click as it swept the little pile of clipped silvers toward him.
So went the game, most nights. Timepiece had two nested machines bolted into that godsdamned arm, and one was a pointlessly complex channel-fed card-sorting mechanism that was noisier than the rest of the affair put together. They were hellfire proud of it, even spent hours fussing over it with oil and jeweler's tongs. If he'd loved the rest of their arm half as much it would have been a museum piece.
Anyhow, it was no secret that when they used that thing to deal a hand it tended to miraculously come out in their favor. We pretended not to notice. He'd cheat us, we'd cheat back in turn, and when stumbling-off time came we'd all be back to equilibrium, losers together, less the price of our drinks.
That was most nights. The night I met False Note, I got wound up and sent the game right off a cliff.
I'd love to blame it on that quiet stranger, waiting for whatever wind they thought was going to blow, but that's not even a near-truth. I was drunk in the deadliest way, deep enough to be prickly but not deep enough to be numb and slow. I was in a bad humor, too, dwelling on the idiocy of my situation, grudging Timepiece those precious silver bits they scraped up even though I knew I'd probably chisel them back just as soon as they quit dealing.
“Hell, Timepiece, you're already married to the secret of your success.” I took a long slow swallow of whatever Sload was passing off on us that night (lead sugar, vinegar, grep piss— gods knew) and it didn't make me any smarter. “After all, ain't like that arm of yours can get up and walk away whenever it wants to.”
That opened a hole in the conversation. Timepiece had gathered the cards and now they slotted them into their arm mechanism in groups of five or six, slowly and deliberately like a man feeding shells to a carbine. The ominous silence stretched and their bloodshot eyes were on me all the while.
“You got any inclination to clarify that remark?” they said at last, too softly.
“If you're gonna keep that thing rigged up to four-flush us, don't you think you ought to have the courtesy to vary the miracle every now and then? Maiden's Tits, it's more regular than the sun and the moons!”
With that, I broke the magic for good. When you're sitting at a table like that, you can call one another scoundrels, murderers, grep thieves, ingrates, and fancy dancers of the cheapest persuasion. You can joke about being crooked as a general and constant state of affairs. But what you can't do, what you can't ever do, is accused someone of cheating right then and there. Not unless you're ready to play for blood.
Click. Timepiece shoved the last bunch of cards into their dealing mechanism. Sha-chock. The arm primed itself for the next deal. Timepiece still hadn't taken their eyes off me. Hot Molly and Jozan Shung were giving me the stink-eye, too. They weren't real tight with Timepiece, but they were sure tighter with them than with me. Somewhere behind the booze and bitterness my better judgment was waking up. Too late.
“Why, I do believe that touches on my honor, you skinny little serpent-tongued son of a bitch,” said Timepiece. Now they sounded downright jovial, but there was no mistaking what burned behind their eyes.
They reached out with their metal arm and took my just-emptied glass in its misshapen hand. Gears ground, pistons popped, and tinkling fragments rained on the table.
“How's that for a new trick?” They got up slowly, like some range beast rearing up to make a show in front of its den, which I suppose is exactly what they are. Their smile was wide and full of piss-yellow teeth. “You wanna see some fresh miracles out of this arm, you just step right outside and I'll accommodate your godsdamned curiosity.”
“Well, uh, maybe I was a little hasty, Timepiece.” A little! Maybe water was a little wet and the sun was a little in the sky. My bad weeks in Ain't That Something had made me careless. I'd fancied myself hard and ready for the world, but I had no arts for hurting folks, not even to stack up against cast-offs like Timepiece, Molly, and Jozan, and that realization was coming on awfully fast.
“Yeah, take it easy, Timepiece,” said Sload. I don't know if it was the threat to my tender young self or the busted glass that got their attention. Probably the glass.
“He called me a cheat!” said Timepiece.
“He did not,” said the stranger.
It was like the shadows had decided to talk, or one of the sculptures. I mean, I'd guessed the stranger must have a voice of some sort. Hard to explain the tea otherwise. But he'd been wordless for so long, watching us, that he'd faded into the background for me. Timepiece seemed equally surprised at the man's decision to quit making like wallpaper.
“Now that's a novel interpretation of recent events.” Timepiece turned their back on me to address the mystery man. I should've been insulted, but it was a pretty fair assessment of the threat I posed.
“Cheating's a marginal sin,” said the stranger, rising casually to their feet. All my first impressions of them came rushing back as they stepped into the light. That brown face had seen some weather, all right. That long hair was the color of a raven that had flown through falling ash. “He accused you of being artless. And that's. . . much worse.”
“Mister, this ain't your game, but you just dealt yourself in.” Timepiece lost their feigned joviality. Now their voice and their body matched what I'd seen in their eyes.
I mentioned that Timepiece had a second device nested in their arm, beside the card-game-ruining mechanism. This was a spring-loaded compartment clutch for a short-barreled revolver with cracked ivory grips. A whore's gun, basically, but nothing bigger could hide in their forearm. Automata squealed and spat that gun into Timepiece's flesh-and-blood hand. They held it up to catch the sickly yellow light.
“Oh, come on now, Timepiece,” said Sload. “There's no need for that!”
“Shut it.” Timepiece twirled their sad little shooter languorously and didn't take their eyes off the stranger. “See, someone makes noise about my honor, I'll make noise of my own. But I'll go all the way. All the way, get it?”
“If you had any notion of honor,” said the stranger, their voice cold, “you'd carry a good piece, and you wouldn't keep it in a metal purse, and you wouldn't pull it just to make yourself forget how small you are.”
Almighty gods. I thought I'd had everyone's attention when I mouthed off to Timepiece. Jozan and Molly were clutching the table, they were so excited. Tychus Sload had a look on their face like they were about to shit twenty pounds of hot bricks.
“Show us your iron, you clown!” shouted Timepiece.
The stranger flicked the lapels of their wind-worn duster open just enough to show what they were carrying— a plain leather belt above their slim-hipped jeans. Not a holster in sight.
“I think you're gonna be awfully surprised if you figure you can hide behind that fact that you ain't running heeled,” said Timepiece.
“I think your opinions are as worthless as your honor,” said the stranger.
Timepiece's gun came up. It was dead center on the stranger's chest from six feet away.
“Mister, you ain't drunk and you're provoking me awful fierce. So I tell you now, I swear to the gods, you find a gun or you borrow one, or I'll put you down like a dog right here on Sload's floor!”
“You are provoked,” said the stranger. “I invite you to do something about it.”
What happens next? Well, that would be telling. Scott's tale is barely 15% told here — there's a great deal more, and another 11 stories besides! Tales of the Far West is now available from our webstore and other vendors worldwide.
A Crumb-Free Toaster
1. Unplug it, always.
2. Remove the crumb drawer and wash it in the sink with hot soapy water. (Hint: In upright toasters, there's often a plastictabbed drawer hidden at the bottom.)
3. Tip the toaster over a garbage pail and gently shake it out. Crumbs from years ago will emerge.
4. With a damp old toothbrush, carefully scrub off remaining grime and stubborn crumbs from the heat coils. Shake it out again.
5. Let the toaster dry out completely (I can't stress this enough for safety purposes) before plugging it in again.
Why do it? Dirty toasters are not only inefficient, but also a fire hazard.
Perfect Mirrors
1. With warm water, scrub off obvious streaks and staining with a sponge, not a cloth.
2. Dip crumpled newspaper in a solution of 1 part white vinegar, 5 parts warm water.
3. Wipe in big circles, moving left to right, top to bottom. Switch newspaper pages as needed.
4. Wipe with a dry piece of newspaper, and smile at your streak-free mirror.
Why do it? Mirrors are the most looked-at item in the house!
Sparkling Toilets
1. Empty out the bowl. Do this by either turning off the water supply knob behind the toilet (remember, rightytighty) and flushing, or pulling on gloves and using a small plastic container to empty the water into a bucket.
2. Apply toilet bowl cleaner under the rim so that it coats the entire bowl. Bleach and water will work fine.
3. Go clean the rest of the bathroom.
4. Come back and scrub with a handled scrub brush.
5. Turn the water back on and flush to refill the bowl.
Why do it? Cleaning gets more difficult the longer you wait.
Put a Duvet Back in Its Cover in 24 Seconds
1. Fold the duvet cover into quarters so one long opening is facing you.
2. Fold the duvet into quarters.
3. Slide the duvet, long crease first, into the opening of the duvet cover.
4. With your fingers, hold the two open corners of the duvet cover, along with the duvet corners. Shake it out.
5. Look at your perfect duvet. Do your happy dance.
Dust-Free Lampshades
In most cases, a thorough dusting followed by vacuuming with a soft-brush vacuum extension will do the job. If you want to clean the shade, add a little bit of mild detergent to a bucket of water. Dip a cloth in the solution and wring well. Quickly wipe one small area of the shade at a time. (Do not soak the shade, since trim and colors could run!) Wipe each area with a cloth dipped in clear water and wrung out. Blot dry with dry towels.
Store Your Winter Clothes Safely
1. Empty the whole closet (yep!), and wipe it down and vacuum it. There's a first time for everything.
2. Look for two kinds of clothes to donate: stuff you don't wear and multiples of items. Sweatpants may be comfy, but do you really need four pairs?
3. Hang lighter-weight spring and summer clothing in the front.
4. Clean any winter clothes that aren't 100 percent clean. Have winter coats and woolens dry-cleaned. This is crucial before storage, as dirt attracts bugs. Keep clean clothes in hanging fabric bags, not dry-cleaner bags.
5. Fill the remaining back-ofcloset and drawer space with light winter clothes.
6. Store the rest by loosely folding clothing into boxes (plastic or cardboard), carefully labeling each box. Roll items that you don't want to crease, such as linen. Don't wrap clothing in plastic; let the fabric breathe. Wrap delicates in a cotton sheet or cotton pillowcase.
7. Store wool and silk items (which moths also like!) together in airtight plastic containers, with plenty of moth repellent—or, if you're concerned about chemicals, natural moth sachets.
8. Store boxes under your bed or in a cool, dry room. (A guest bedroom is ideal.) Avoid hot attic spaces.
Why do it? A spacious closet is a breath of fresh air, and fabrics actually survive longer when not crammed into a hot closet.
For more smart seasonal cleaning tips, go to WomansDay.com/Clean
The women of Sangpo know well they are the guardians of a 300-year-old custom that sets them apart in Islam and they are increasingly mindful that economic development could be that tradition's undoing.
Sangpo, a dusty hamlet about two hours from the capital of China's landlocked Henan province, is home to about 5,000 people, some 95 percent of whom are Hui Muslims. The Hui, China's third-largest ethnic minority, number nearly 10 million followers of Islam in China. Many are direct descendants of Arab traders on the Silk Road who married local Chinese women, but the Hui today are mainly identified through their religion rather than by ethnic characteristics.
Packed into this town are six mosques run by women, whose congregants are all female, and only five headed by men—an imbalance the women point out with pride, and a rarity among Muslim communities in China, let alone the rest of the world.
This is the heart of a Hui Islamic practice that has been studied, derided, picked apart, and admired by scholars of Islam and of China. There are a few female imams elsewhere in the world, including in Spain, Turkey, and the United States, but for the Hui of Henan, the practice is not an oddity. Rather, it is a widely accepted part of religious life among women that is tolerated by men.
Guo Dongping, a female imam in Sangpo, describes their role as a combination of community organizer and language and religion instructor. In addition to leading prayers and teaching Arabic, Guo often serves as a counselor to the women in them flock.
“If someone is unhappy with their situation at home, especially when there are problems between a woman and their mother-in-law, they will come to the imam, who will console her,” they say. “Imams often deal with these issues. Some people don't like to come to imams with these problems, but if the imams find out they will initiate heart-to-heart chats with these people and guide them.”
Guo, who is now 43, left Sangpo at 19 for Kaifeng, where they undertook the intensive studies needed to become an imam. Then, the journey took them a day by bicycle and boat. Today, the trip is less than two hours by car.
In Kaifeng, another center of Hui Islam in Henan, the older women who taught Guo speak about the need for separate spaces for women in the practice of religion. They joke about how women better understand than men the need be flexible about prayer times during the day, because women have more to do. Their mosque is tiny, a hidden shadow compared with the stunning piece of architecture up the road reserved for men. They don't seem bothered by that, but pleased to have their own space.
“Women have take care of the children, they have to cook the meals, and we understand this,” said Yao Baoxia, the imam who heads the Wangjia Hutong female mosque in Kaifeng. “We consider and understand these things.”
While their precise numbers are unknown, China has dozens of female imams—more than anywhere else in the world, according to leading scholars. Most are in Henan province. They first appeared in the 17th century, in a doctrinal adaptation likely born of necessity. According to Shui Jingjun of the Henan Academy of Social Sciences, this owes to the land-locked province's geography and history. “In the past, Muslims living in the central plains lived in scattered settlements, and therefore felt more sense of crisis because they were prone to outside influences,” Shui explains. “They had difficulty passing down their religion, so they thought men and women should work together.”
Maria Jaschok, director of the International Gender Studies Center at Oxford University, who has studied the female imams of China since the mid-1990s and who co-authored a book on the subject with Shui, says the lack of reliable statistics on the imams' numbers owes to the fluid conditions under which they operate.
“They're not registered separately, some are not registered at all and in many cases these are highly contested titles,” Jaschok explains. “Often the men, their counterparts, don't see them as full imams.” The opacity of their ranks also, “reflects, in part, authorities' own ambivalence about giving them recognition,” they say.
In Henan, along with a few Hui Muslim enclaves in northwestern China, women-run mosques are counterparts to the houses of worship for men; female mosques serve as community centers for women. Within them, female imams do nearly everything their male equivalents do, apart from officiating over weddings and funerals. Technically, they're not allowed to stand at the front of the mosque to lead prayers, a symbolic gesture. Instead, the women lead prayers facing in the same direction as their flock, rather than facing out toward them as would the leader of a mosque for men.
The women have far more modest mosques, less funding, and smaller spaces, but their communities are strong and often at the core of familiar relationships.
Scholars say this unique approach to women in Islam has helped the Hui tradition thrive and led to stronger family ties. Women are not isolated or left home to pray on their own, or relegated to separate rooms inside the male mosque.
Female imams have survived periods of persecution throughout China's turbulent history, including the Cultural Revolution, but today they face a different kind of threat. Many Hui girls now see office jobs and translation work as a better career path. Shui says historical research indicates religious reform during the late Ming dynasty helped raise the profile of women in Islam in this region. The reform movement called for greater emphasis on education, in which women played a critical role. Elevating women within Hui-style Islam proved productive and useful for the community, and the practice flourished.
Education clearly remains the central job of female religious leaders in Hui Henan today. In addition to leading prayers, Guo dutifully teaches Arabic to women who hope to learn enough to travel to Mecca. But recent economic growth has given them students new opportunities to use their education for non-religious purposes.
Sangpo, along with the rest of China, is speeding along the highway toward prosperity. A lucrative leather-tanning industry has subsumed the town, polluting the groundwater and leaving a lingering acrid smell of chemicals in the air, but making townspeople rich enough that dozens have been able to pay several thousand dollars each for pilgrimages to Mecca in recent years. Similar circumstances in other Hui enclaves are allowing female students to consider career paths that lead away from their local mosques.
Shui, who is themselves a Hui Muslim, says the tradition is seriously threatened, as teenagers undertake difficult programs in learning Arabic and other training, when only a few will actually go on to lead religious communities. For the rest, the opportunity to earn more money and to take advantage of the new freedoms afforded by China's rapid development steers most girls off the path that leads to becoming an imam.
“After much studying, if one cannot become an imam, they or they still need another way to make a living,” says Shui. “Therefore, especially in recent years, both male and female mosques have experienced great difficulties recruiting students.”
That pressure could push the Hui toward a more globally accepted tradition of Islam, with a single person—a man—in charge of consolidated religious communities. The female imams of China are working on training and recruiting girls to try to make sure women keep a place of their own.
We know that exercise is a boon for our mental, physical and emotional health. And it's particularly helpful for easing anxiety. “[M]oderate exercise has been shown to have a significant effect on anxiety and mood,” said Marla Deibler, PsyD, a clinical psychologist and director of The Center for Emotional Health of Greater Philadelphia, LLC.
For instance, exercise reduces the stress hormones adrenaline and cortisol. And it stimulates the production of feel-good endorphins.
It also leads to an increase in activity levels in the serotonergic system, which may help to decrease anxiety and improve mood, Deibler said.
Plus, “moderate to intense exercise raises core body temperature, which is accompanied by a simultaneous reduction in muscle tension, thereby affecting the experience of anxiety.”
So if all this can help, how can you motivate yourself to do more of it?
Recently, researchers have been exploring another hypothesis behind the benefits of exercise in easing anxiety: Inflammation and oxidative and nitrogen stress (O&NS) may play a role in contributing to anxiety, while exercise may act as “anti-inflammatory and anti-O&NS agent,” according to the authors.
So, whether you struggle with occasional anxiety or a diagnosable disorder, exercise can help. It's a powerful part of your self-care routine and an effective adjunct to anxiety treatment. Below, experts shared how to make the most of movement in minimizing your anxiety.
1. Find Activities You Enjoy
According to the experts, the best physical activities are the ones you actually enjoy doing and will continue doing. “With the exception of yoga, which has specifically been shown to be helpful, research does not specify what activities are better than others [for anxiety],” said Deibler, who also pens the Psych Central blog “Therapy That Works.”
So what are your favorite ways to move? What activities did you love to do as a child? What just sounds like fun to you? What activities have you always wanted to try?
Ideally, you can participate in physical activities “at least five times per week for a minimum of 30 minutes,” said Maura Mulligan, LICSW, the director of the Center for Wellness at Wentworth Institute of Technology. But you can start by figuring out what activities you'd like to do at least three times a week.
You might not notice significant improvement in your anxiety right away. It might take regular exercise — three to five times a week — for several weeks, they said. To observe your improvement, Mulligan suggested journaling your symptoms for four to six weeks.
2. Sample a Variety of Activities
Mulligan encouraged readers “to try many different activities and to not give up if one or two are not well received.” Think of this as an experiment that'll help you explore your exercise likes and dislikes and boost your well-being.
For instance, yoga is “very helpful in having individuals focus on breathing techniques and quieting their mind, which are useful skills in anxiety reduction.”
Other activities you might try, they said, are: swimming, running, dancing, taking long walks, hiking and participating in classes at the gym. Also, here's a list of activities you can enjoy in the warmer weather.
And, again, remember to focus on activities that feel good for you. “What works for one person may not be useful or enjoyable for another.”
3. Practice Meditation
Carla Naumburg, Ph.D, a clinical social worker and author of the Psych Central blog “Mindful Parenting,” suggested cultivating a daily meditation practice.
This study showed the brain mechanisms involved in bringing anxiety relief while meditating. Positive changes have even been observed when meditators aren't meditating.
“You can meditate inside or outside, any time of day or night, as long as you won't be disturbed.”
Meditation isn't about eliminating your thoughts. It's about learning “to observe them and let them go.” The easiest place to start is probably your breath.
Start by simply noticing your breath “coming and going.” Another option is to count your breaths to 10, and then begin at 1. Whenever your mind naturally wanders, just start counting again, they said.
Naumburg also suggested starting with just two minutes of meditating a day. “If you can do that for a few days in a row, bump it up to three or four minutes.” Also, learn the language of mindfulness, they said. Check out Mindful.org and Susan Salzberg's book Real Happiness, which includes audio of guided meditations.
Physical activities are a healthy way to minimize anxiety. Remember that the key is to find activities you genuinely enjoy, and practice them regularly. Here are additional tips on finding the joy in movement.
3 Tips for Using Exercise to Shrink Anxiety
A federal judge in Texas late last week accused the Obama administration of aiding drug cartels, saying that instead of enforcing immigration laws, agents knowingly helped smuggle an illegal immigrant girl into the U.S. to live with their mother, also an illegal immigrant, in Virginia.
In a 10-page order, Judge Andrew S. Hanen said the case was the fourth such case he's seen over the last month, and in each instance Customs and Border Protection agents have helped to locate and deliver the children to their illegal immigrant parents.
The judge said in each case, the taxpayers footed the bill for flights — including flights to multiple locations in different parts of the U.S. that it took to find one of the children's parents.
“The DHS is rewarding criminal conduct instead of enforcing the current laws. More troubling, the DHS is encouraging parents to seriously jeopardize the safety of their children,” the judge said, adding that some of the children have been made to swim the Rio Grande River or traverse remote areas as part of the smuggling.
In the case before the judge last week, a 10-year-old girl whose mother, Patricia Elizabeth Salmeron Santos, paid a smuggler to get the daughter from El Salvador across the border and to Virginia.
The agents apprehended the smuggler and the young girl, and prosecuted the smuggler, but delivered the daughter to Ms. Salmeron Santos in Virginia, even though agents were aware they were in the country illegally.
PHOTOS: President Obama's favorite footstool: The famous Resolute desk
“The DHS, instead of enforcing our border security laws, actually assisted the criminal conspiracy in achieving its illegal goals,” the judge said. “It completed the mission of the conspiracy initiated by Salmeron Santos. In summary, instead of enforcing the laws of the United States, the government took direct steps to help the individuals who violated it. A private citizen would, and should, be prosecuted for this conduct.”
Judge Hanen said that Homeland Security officials regularly testify that the drug cartels control immigrant smuggling operations along the border, and they said the department's actions in helping finish the smuggling actually end up benefitting the very cartels U.S. officials say they are trying to damage.
“The big economic losers in this scenario are the citizens of the United States who, by virtue of this DHS policy, are helping fund these evil ventures with their tax dollars,” the judge wrote.
Homeland Security officials told the court they won't prosecute the illegal immigrant parents for their role in the smuggling, and Judge Hanen said it appeared to be a department-wide policy. Officials did say they are considering trying to deport Salmeron Santos, though it was unclear whether that had been done.
The cases highlight a growing problem along the border of what the government terms unaccompanied alien children, or UACs. Apprehensions of UACs jumped 81 percent from 2010 to 2012, suggesting more and more illegal immigrant parents are taking the risk of having their children leave home to join them in the U.S.
The young children present sympathetic cases, just as do those already in the country, known as Dreamers, after the Dream Act legislation.
President Obama last year announced a new policy to halt deportations of those young illegal immigrants, arguing they were brought to the U.S. by their parents with no say in the decision, and so should be allotted special treatment.
Immigrant-rights advocates now want the parents of the Dreamers to be spared deportation, arguing it is morally wrong to separate families.
But Judge Hanen said in the cases before them the illegal immigrants made that decision themselves, often years before. In the case of the 10-year-old, they said Ms. Salmeron Santos chose to come to the U.S. without their daughter years ago.
“She purposefully chose this course of action. Them decision to smuggle the child across the border, even if motivated by the best of motives, is not an excuse for the United States government to further a criminal conspiracy, and by doing so, encourage others to break the law and endanger additional children,” the judge wrote.
“To put this in another context, the DHS policy is as logical as taking illegal drugs or weapons that it has seized from smugglers and delivering them to the criminals who initially solicited their illegal importation/exportation. Legally, this situation is no different.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Ganging up on Ted Cruz: Donald Trump and Ben Carson target the Texas senator over their Iowa "dirty tricks" Ted Cruz still taking heat for putting out a release during the caucuses claiming Ben Carson was dropping out
Donald Trump was surprisingly humble after their second place finish in Iowa. “We finished second,” they told supporters minutes after Cruz was declared the winner, “and I want to tell you something: I'm just honored. I'm really honored. And I want to congratulate Ted, and I want to congratulate all of the incredible candidates, including Mike Huckabee, who has become a really good friend of mine.”
Although boring, it was refreshing to see the Donald display a little decency for a change. Most of us assumed the concession speech was an occasion for Trump to gloat about Jeb's low-energy sixth place finish or perhaps take a few shots at Ben Carson, who apparently fled Iowa for “fresh clothes.” But instead Trump offered a few kind remarks and walked off the stage like a normal, not at all unhinged politician.
Advertisement:
Thankfully, that didn't last long.
Trump has returned to form, calling the Iowa caucuses a sham and Sen. Ted Cruz a fraud. After testing out the argument on the stump in New Hampshire yesterday, Trump unloaded on Twitter, accusing Cruz's campaign of stealing the election. “Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus,” Trump wrote, “either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.” “Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa,” Trump added, “he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why they got far more votes than anticipated....The state of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that they cheated – a total fraud!”
Cruz's response to Trump was strong and mildly humorous:
“I wake up every day and laugh at the latest thing Donald has tweeted because he's losing it. We need a commander-in-chief, not a Twitterer-in-chief. We need someone with judgment and the temperament to keep this country safe. I don't know anyone who would be comfortable with someone who behaves this way way having their finger on the button. I mean, we're liable to wake up one morning and Donald, if they were president, would have nuked Denmark.”
It's easy to think Trump is just doing what Trump does: ignoring reality, rewriting the narrative, and giving the media a new bone to chew on – and perhaps that's all this is. But they may actually have a point here. I'm not sure the election was a total fraud, but there's no question the Cruz campaign employed some sleazy tactics on Monday.
For instance, Cruz's team sent out mailers over the weekend, which, according to Politico, “showed the name of the person receiving the mail at the top and then gave them a grade on an A to F scale. Below, it showed their neighbors and their voting scores. It urged them to caucus next week and warned, 'A follow-up notice may be issued following Monday's caucuses.'” The mailers might not have violated any laws, but Iowa's Republican secretary of state remarked that they weren't “in keeping with the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses.”
Cruz is also taking heat for putting out a release during the caucuses stating that Ben Carson was skipping New Hampshire and retreating to Florida, implying that Carson was suspending their campaign. Although Cruz later apologized, the damage was already done. Carson's campaign died weeks ago, but they still have a lot of support in Iowa. If Cruz's release deterred even a few Carson supporters, it made a difference. Carson's senior communications strategist, Jason Osborne, condemned the Cruz campaign, saying “it calls into question the results.”
Advertisement:
Dirty tricks or not, Cruz probably still wins Iowa, but we'll never know for sure. As I wrote earlier this week, Trump's national strategy was always unlikely to work in a place like Iowa. But Cruz was heavily invested in Iowa; they had to win to stay afloat. He's also deeply disliked by their colleagues precisely because of their sleaziness. So it's no surprise they resorted to these tactics. And even if they didn't sway the election one way or the other, it does raise some serious questions – about Ted Cruz and the process itself.
[UPDATE BELOW] There's a lot we don't know at this hour about the cab driver who was suspended for wearing a Nazi swastika armband. Did customers heiling them with a stiff raised-arm salute get preferential treatment? Was it ever actually good for business? Did they greet fares by welcoming them into "Mein Cabf"? What is clear at this point is that the cabbie has some serious issues, and we need more time to brainstorm better Nazi Cabbie puns. We also know that their deeply offensive choice of attire has cost them their license... for 30 days.
According to a press release from the Anti-Defamation League, the ADL was sent complaints about the driver this month and promptly fired off a letter to the Taxi & Limousine Commission. The TLC then suspended the unidentified driver's operator's license for 30 days after they pleaded guilty to violating commission rules.
A TLC spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment—we'll update when we know more. [See below.] But Evan R. Bernstein, ADL New York Regional Director, issued this statement:
We applaud the TLC's swift investigation and successful prosecution of this outrageous and inflammatory gesture by a taxicab driver. By openly displaying this hate symbol identified with Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party while operating a New York City taxicab, the driver sent a frightening and offensive message to New Yorkers about who might be welcome - and unwelcome - in the taxicab they were driving. In disciplining the driver, the TLC sends a powerful message that such a vehement demonstration of hate is unacceptable, and that there are consequences for those who seek to intimidate others.
We'd like your newly subtitled "anti-Semitic cabbie" parodies of the Hitler Downfall bunker scene by the close of business, please.
Update 3:08 p.m.: Here's the statement from TLC Commissioner Allan Fromberg:
Wednesday's print column
A one-week gap in the timeline of the Sonia Antolec story suggests that Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez is more concerned with currying favor with police officers than standing by their prosecutors when they do the right thing.
Let's review: On July 10, Antolec, a Cook County Juvenile Court prosecutor in the criminal delinquency division, met with the two victims of a "wilding" attack on the CTA Red Line in March and determined that they would be unable to identify any of the eight young women who were that day facing trial. Antolec dropped the charges and made notes to that effect in their daily report to their supervisor.
Sonia Antolec (WTTW-Ch. 11)
Seven days passed. Antolec said they were then summoned by their supervisor's supervisor and told that "downtown" was unhappy with the "bad press" their decision was getting.
Alvarez's spokesperson Sally Daly denies that Antolec was told this. But the only "press" on the decision had been a glancing expression of indignation the day before, July 16, on Second City Cop, an anonymously written blog purporting to speak for rank-and-file Chicago police officers.
Under the headline "All wilding charges dropped," the blogger relayed "an email we got this weekend" about the disposition of the case and griped, "welcome to justice, Cook County style. Not a consequence of any sort."
The blog mention "perhaps triggered discussion about these cases within and outside of this office," Daly said.
So either Antolec made a very lucky guess when they lied about what their supervisors told them or she's telling the truth.
In either event, Antolec's decision, previously not even a ripple in the news media or in the Juvenile Court building, was suddenly a blamestorm now that the anonymous police officers were peeved. Antolec was called into two more meetings in subsequent days and finally told they were being suspended for three days without pay and demoted "for failing to inform their supervisor that they intended to drop the charges," Daly said.
When I asked for a written copy of the rule Antolec violated, Daley replied, “There are long-standing policies and procedures that our ASA's receive significant training on.”
Through another source I later received a copy of rules dated July 23 -- a week after the Second City Cop blog posting --- sent to prosecutors from the head of the State's Attorney's Juvenile Justice Bureau spelling out the rules Daley said were so well understood (see full text of that memo below).
The crowds have dispersed, the animal cages are empty and the striped Big Top is eerily silent… there's no clowning around when the circus leaves town.
Moldering Away In Moldova
Say what you want about Soviet-era architecture but it wasn't ALL atrocious, and this deserted circus arena in Chisinau, Moldova, still exudes a certain appeal a full ten years after it was abandoned. Constructed in 1981 and captured in its current state by Abandoned Journeys, the grandiose edifice straddles the last years of the USSR and the first years of Moldova, which gained its independence in 1991.
Freedom isn't always free, however, and tough economic times in Moldova saw the circus shuttered in 2004. Nowadays it could pass for the decrepit, monumental, stair-terraced building that sheltered the childlike Eloi in the 1960 film The Time Machine.
Circus Minimus
Is it a circus, a cinema, a car park or a staging area for Gypsy caravans? Well, the owners are absent and the Gypsies aren't talking so your guess is as good as ours. One thing we DO know is the location: La Linea, just across the border from Gibraltar in southern Spain, thanks to An Overland Adventure.
Worst Korea
Jeju, South Korea's southernmost island province, recently made the news as the destination of the ill-fated MV Sewol ferry that sank with the tragic loss of hundreds of students in April of 2014. Jeju is less known as the site of an immense abandoned circus. Obviously deserted for more than a few years yet easily accessible to urban explorers including Great Big Scary World, the source of the above images and more, the circus must have been a popular tourist attraction in its heyday.
Wintercircus Of Our Discontent
The Wintercircus, located in Ghent, Belgium, was originally built in 1894. Devastated by fire in 1920, it was rebuilt and expanded three years later – the now Nouveau Cirque could hold up to 3,400 people! After the final circus performance in 1944, the building was used as a garage for the Mahy family's extensive collection of classic automobiles until it once again closed – this time for good – in the late 1990s. Kudos to Archikey and photographer David for the exquisite image above.
A team of astronomers at Arizona State University have poured cold water on the prospect of finding any intellignt life around the star Tau Ceti, one of the Sun's closest neighbors and one of the most popularized systems in many science fiction works .
Tau Ceti, which is roughly 12 light-years away from Earth, has long been considered one of the first places to look for intelligent alien life due to its proximity to Earth and its star-like sun with many same characteristics as our sol.
Since December 2012, Tau Ceti became even more intriguing when astronomers found evidence of possibly 5 exoplanets orbiting the star, which two of them — Tau Ceti e and f — is thought residing in the “habitable zone” — not too hot or cold region of space, just-right range of distances that allow surface liquid water and potential life to exist.
But according to the new study, recently published in the Astrophysical Journal, the chance of complex life to flourish around Tau Ceti is very questionable. The ASU team's used chemical composition of the star to model its evolution and to calculate the location of its habitable zone.
Planet e is in the habitable zone only if we make very generous assumptions. Planet f initially looks more promising, but modeling the evolution of the star makes it seem probable that it has only moved into the habitable zone recently as Tau Ceti has gotten more luminous over the course of its life.
Explains Dr Michael Pagano, ASU researcher & lead author of this new study.
Based on reseacrhers' finding, planet f has likely been in the habitable zone for far less than one billion years. To put this into perspective, it took Earth's biosphere about 2 billion years for life to emerge. The other three Tau Ceti worlds (b,c &d) are orbiting too close to their host star so they are likely too hot to harbor life. All Tau ceti planets are larger than Earth, planets e and f are 4.3 and 6.6 times more massive than Earth.
Additionally, Tau Ceti's chemistry is different from that of our Sol. Tau Ceti has an odd ratio of silicon-magnesium (much more magnesium compared to silicon), this mean that Tau Ceti planets could be quite different from Earth.
It is possible that the mineralogical makeup of planets around Tau Ceti could be significantly different from that of Earth.
Said mineral physicist Sang-Heon Shim
Tau Ceti's planets could very well be dominated by the mineral olivine at shallow parts of the mantle and have lower mantles dominated by ferropericlase.
Considering that ferropericlase is much less viscous, or resistant to flowing, hot, yet solid, mantle rock would flow more easily, possibly having profound effects on volcanism and tectonics at the planetary surface, processes which have a significant impact on the habitability of Earth.
Tau Ceti has been a popular destination for science fiction writers and everyone's imagination as somewhere there could possibly be life, but even though life around Tau Ceti may be unlikely, it should not be seen as a letdown, but should invigorate our minds to consider what exotic planets likely orbit the star, and the new and unusual planets that may exist in this vast universe.
In 2007, I was so fortunate to get to know the Arden Tafoya (brother of Hollywood actor, Alan Tafoya) family who lives in the northwest area of the town. I had gotten to know Arden while I was attending the UFO symposium in Aztec that year. During my three days of stay in Dulce at that time, I obtained many new, fascinating sighting reports from many locals again, particularly from the family that I just mentioned and their relatives.
On my second day of stay in Dulce, this family invited me to their residence for a great meal. They had also invited their relatives who were willing to describe to me in detail many strange experiences they have had and even are having now.
It was assuring to know that the family that I befriended were immediate relatives of high officials of the Jicarilla Apache tribe.
Arden was one of the sons of the late Raleigh Tafoya, a highly respected, long-time Police Chief of Dulce (way before Hoyt Velarde, who later became the director of Public Safety and who detained us in 1990 when I brought a Japanese TV crew to Dulce). Arden's wife was an immediate family of the head of the Jicarilla Apache tribal council at that time. Their sister-in-law had been a Dulce Police dispatcher.
My friend's wife told me of an incident whereby a huge, silent delta-shaped dark object emitting extremely bright lights slowly passed over a group of 50 to 75 people (all their relatives) on a mesa where they were celebrating a traditional Jicarilla Apache feast called the “coming out” feast, a celebration for young boys and girls (similar to the Spanish quinceanera celebration).
The huge object appeared after sundown, an hour or so after their traditional meals had ended and after the shamans had completed their chantings and dances.
They were simply stunned to see the huge triangular ‘craft' hovering only about 200 feet or so above the campground.
The entire area lit up like daylight.
What was more amazing was that after a few minutes of hovering over the area, it suddenly took off with a tremendous gust of wind. Pots and pans were flying all over.
Some of the people were almost thrown off their vehicles. Fortunately, no one was injured, but panic spread.
The generators failed to re-start and all battery-operated appliances malfunctioned, including the car radios.
Another incident they recounted was a daytime sighting of a silver, saucer-shaped object at around 11 a.m., which hovered for 30 minutes right next to Hwy 537, not too far from the junction of U.S. 64, north of La Jara Lake.
One relative also recounted an unforgettable sighting of a huge, flying “triangle” near Hwy 537, near J-30 (Jicarilla Road, No. 30), with some type of “cloaking device” that almost appeared to have a transparent body.
The object was described to have been close to half-a-mile in length (at least from their visual perception).
The biggest and most impressive sighting, however, took place in May of 2004 when several families were celebrating together the feast on a Jicarilla Apache campground, located at an area near J-33 and J-40, right near the Continental Divide.
Incredibly, it involved many brilliant objects in the night sky (not just one or two objects).
It literally filled up the entire sky, according to the testimony of the former Dulce police dispatcher.
There were close to 100 witnesses to this incredible incident.
They object moved en masse slowly from one end of the sky to the other.
It was literally an “armada” of UFOs (which exactly reminded me of the famous, well-documented 1950 mass sightings of UFOs over Farmington, near the Four Corners area of New Mexico).
What was particularly fascinating about this sighting was that everyone also saw a small fleet of military helicopters which seemed to follow the objects.
Again, car radios went dead all through the sighting.
An interesting point is that many of the appearances of UFOs seem to coincide with various feasts taking place in the Jicarilla Apache reservation.
Were ‘they' attracted to the Jicarilla feasts?
Last but not the least of the impressive Dulce sightings involved a Jicarilla Apache Forest Service ranger who witnessed a ‘craft' of some kinds enter the east side of the Archuleta Mesa through several large rocks that appeared to open (almost like a door) and in went the craft into the side of the mesa.
They excitedly reported this sighting live on their microphone while they were communicating on their radio with the Forest Service station across the south side of Dulce.
The ranger was stationed at the top of the Archuleta Mesa in the look-out building next to the radio communications tower.
This took place a few years after a big fire destroyed many of the trees on and around the mesa.
What is still strange about the aftermath of the fire, which they say (happened about 18 years ago), is the fact that all attempts for the re-forestation have so far failed on and around the Archuleta Mesa.
The trees just don't seem to grow for some strange reason or other.
What is my conclusion to all these recent sightings in Dulce?
These were all first-hand eyewitnesses to the events.
Without doubt, I cannot help but believe that they all saw what they described to have seen. What it was that they actually saw is the question I cannot answer.
There is no other logical explanation.
Please also see two YouTube videos:
A flying saucer incident in Dulce, New Mexico in the late 1960s (testimony from Darren Vigil Gray, Santa Fe artist).
Curious object over Dulce, New Mexico, accidentally photographed by Dory Vigil (Dulce, New Mexico resident).
Reposted with permission from Norio Hayakawa's Civilian Intelligence News Service. You can find the original post at noriohayakawa.wordpress.com.
Popular Posts:
Greater Toronto is embarking on an unprecedented mass transit buildout that at once has planners excited and apprehensive about its scope, cost, impact and feasibility. It promises to ease our commute, alter the way we pay our fare and how much, and, within 25 years, transform the transit map to look like those of coveted world cities.
The Eglinton Crosstown East tunnel, as seen during a tour earlier this month, is just one small part of moves that could yet revolutionize how Toronto gets around, writes Royson James. ( Marcus Oleniuk / Toronto Star )
Costing an estimated $2 billion a year, the aim is to create a network of options that slows encroaching gridlock and offers travel options to a population that will grow by more than 2 million. Remember 1991? Talk of the hated GST. Recession. That was 25 years ago. Fast forward the same time frame to 2041 and Greater Toronto's transit map will explode, unless historical inertia and bickering prevail. City of Toronto and Metrolinx, the provincial agency that manages GO Transit, are both launching public consultations on Tuesday to examine the projects that are up next: Eglinton Crosstown, Finch West LRT and SmartTrack (all set to open by 2021), Scarborough subway, and all-day, two-way service at 15-minute intervals on GO's main routes.
Article Continued Below
Queuing behind are critical network links like the Downtown Relief Line, as well as LRTs east and west along the waterfront and northeast from Crosstown to the U of T campus at Morningside Ave. and Highway 401. And pushing the envelope are a next wave of Bus Rapid Transit corridors — one linking Durham and Scarborough, one linking Toronto and Peel along Dundas St. — and LRTs up Hurontario in Mississauga and along Sheppard Ave. E. in Scarborough, and in Hamilton. Consider that: Yonge-University subway Line 1 will stretch out to Jane and Highway 7 in the west by 2017; and up Yonge to Richmond Hill by 2041.
The Bloor-Danforth Line 2 expansion from Kennedy station to the Scarborough Town Centre at McCowan Rd. and Highway 401 should open by 2024.
GO RER (Regional Express Rail) work starts in earnest late 2017 to early 2018. The aim is to electrify 262 kilometres of GO tracks in preparation for all-day service, with GO trains running every 15 minutes in both directions. Completion: All six corridors by 2024. Kitchener and Stouffville GO lines will be ready first so they can accommodate SmartTrack service — essentially, identical to GO RER but running more frequently and with trains stopping at more stations inside the Toronto border.
Article Continued Below
The flurry of construction — a deliberate effort to play catch-up after a Big Stall since the 1980s — is being funded by historic provincial and federal contributions of cash. But local ratepayers will soon be asked to fork over more tax dollars — and more in fares — to sustain the massive construction boom. As if that is not controversial enough, “fare integration” is coming. GTA residents, used to “talk, talk, talk” on the transit file, can be forgiven if they have not bought into the hype that change is a coming — that transit construction is moving from zero to 100 in seconds, comparatively speaking. But city planners talk about a “motherlode” of reports and data and ridership projections and growth projections and network analysis that is about to be dumped on citizens and area politicians this spring, ahead of some critical decisions. For example, city planners are laser focused on getting the Downtown Relief Line to the top of the priority list, having watched it all but disappear in the wake of John Tory's SmartTrack scheme. June's city council meeting is key to achieving this. Chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat insists the relief line is indispensable to expanding the region's transit network. The next big nut to crack is fares. Who pays how much to ride a bus versus a subway versus GO? And how to integrate fares between municipal transit systems? At issue is the reality that some commuters will pay more and some pay less. The politics promises to will be brutal. Should we pay by distance? No, says someone living in Malvern and must travel by bus, subway, streetcar then bus to get to work over two hours. What's the value of a worry-free subway ride from Vaughan to downtown? How can you charge both commuters the same amount? The fare-integration talks are meant to solve those dilemmas, in a process was described at a recent Metrolinx board meeting as navigating a pretzel, layered with political, social, and financial realities. Helping the process is this: PRESTO, the card that allows you to move seamlessly between transit modes, will be on all subway stations and TTC buses by the end of the year. Now, look at the challenges ahead: overcrowding at Union Station will only get worse. Numerous projects, including DRL, are on the wish list and are not funded. City councillors are not a cohesive lot and could still scuttle planning designs with parochial interests. Council could repeat historical mistakes by putting transit where ridership does not exist. A paradigm shift would require proper demand forecasting from planners, less political interference, public willingness to pay for service, and the political discipline to push ahead with projects once they are voted on. Challenges aside, the region is on the verge of “a generational achievement,” says Keesmaat. Royson James usually appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Email: rjames@thestar.ca
Read more about:
(Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday proposed a ban on electricalstimulation devices (ESDs) that are used to curb individuals from engaging in self-injurious or aggressive behavior, saying they pose an "unreasonable and substantial" risk to public health.
ESDs administer electrical shocks through electrodes attached to the skin to attempt to condition to stop individuals from harming themselves or being aggressive. (http://1.usa.gov/1VGHKus)
Evidence indicates a number of significant psychological and physical risks are associated with the use of these devices, including depression, anxiety, pain, burns, tissue damage and errant shocks from a device malfunction, the regulator noted.
Moreover, many of those on whom these devices are used have intellectual or developmental disabilities that make it difficult for them to communicate their pain or consent.
"As these risks cannot be eliminated through new or updated labeling, banning the product is necessary to protect public health," the agency said on Friday.
The Judge Rotenberg Educational Center in Canton, Massachusetts is the only facility currently manufacturing and using these devices in the United States, the FDA said, adding that between 45 and 50 individuals are exposed to it.
State-of-the-art behavioral treatments, such as positive behavioral support and medication can be used rein in this type of behavior, the regulator said.
If passed, the ban would not apply to ESDs used to create aversions to other conditions or habits, such as smoking, the FDA said.
The proposal is available for public comment at www.regulations.gov for 30 days.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru)
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
President Barack Obama announced a new administrative tweak to their health care law Thursday morning, an attempt to assuage the congressional Democrats who have been unnerved by the law's botched rollout. They essentially offered a one-year reprieve to insurance companies. The White House will no longer prevent insurance companies from keeping customers enrolled in plans that don't meet Obamacare's minimum requirements of coverage. But their remedy for the raft of cancellation notices sent to consumers in the small individual market (dominated by junk plans) won't solve the problem unless the president gets buy-in from the same insurance companies that initiated the problem.
“This fix won't solve every problem for every person, but it's going to help a lot of people,” Obama said, speaking in the White House briefing room.
Some House and Senate Democrats got skittish after millions of people received letters informing them that they'd lose their insurance thanks to Obamacare. This seemed to defy the president's promise that “if you like your plan, you can keep your plan.” Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) introduced a bill—cosponsored by six fellow Democrats—that would force insurers to continue their coverage in 2014 for people who already have those plans. In the House, Rep. Fred Upton (R-Mich.) proposed a bill that would allow insurers the license to continue selling these plans—many of which provide insufficient coverage—to anyone who wants them.
Obama, fearful that any congressional action on the Affordable Care Act would open the law to wider changes, is preempting legislation via executive fiat. The White House will send letters to state insurance commissioners, instructing them to allow insurance companies to sell plans for 2014 that don't meet the minimum requirements dictated by the ACA. This exemption only applies to customers already enrolled in such plans. Unlike Upton's bill, the president's fix won't allow new consumers to purchase these sub-standard insurance plans. The White House insists that this is just a one-year delay, and that health insurance companies will need to meet the minimum requirements come 2015. But will cancellation letters be less unacceptable next fall?
At first glance, the remedy might help the White House on the PR front. But many consumers who received cancellation letters still may not be able to keep their plans. That's because the fix won't accomplish anything unless insurance companies cooperate. The White House's tweak will allow insurance companies to continue offering these plans in 2014; it doesn't require them to. “They have the ability to reach back out to the folks they've canceled,” a senior White House official said during a conference call with reporters. But some insurance firms might not want to reach back to customers they've already canceled. They might not be willing to offer the same plan at the same price (insurance firms cancel policies and change premiums all the time—not only because of the ACA).
If insurance companies decide to keep offering these plans, the Obama administration will make it a painful process for these firms. Insurers who choose to keep these flawed plans must send their customers a letter that explains, in detail, what coverage is missing from the policy. These letters also must inform consumers that better options and subsidies are available within the Obamacare marketplaces. With all the rigmarole, insurance companies might not bother.
The reason these plans were canceled in the first place was that they were lousy. They might have been cheap, but they barely met basic insurance standards. These plans relied on consumer ignorance. Forcing insurance companies to spell out the lack of coverage could ensure that these cancellation notices stick—for the right reason.
America's Health Insurance Plans, the trade association of insurance firms, came out against the fix Thursday morning. “Premiums have already been set for next year based on an assumption of when consumers will be transitioning to the new marketplace,” the group's president said in a statement. “If now, fewer younger and healthier people choose to purchase coverage in the exchange, premiums will increase and there will be fewer choices for consumers. Additional steps must be taken to stabilize the marketplace and mitigate the adverse impact on consumers.”
Obama's fix may win them some political breathing room as the debate over Obamacare implementation continues. But it won't change a fundamental fact: The insurance market is easily exploited by the insurance firms. And it likely won't keep the foes of Obamacare from exploiting phony outrage over the cancellations to undo Obamacare. “I'm highly skeptical they can do this administratively,” House Speaker John Boehner said after news of Obama's announcement leaked. “I just don't see within the law their ability to do it.” The House is still scheduled to vote on Upton's bill on Friday.
Bill Moggridge, a British industrial designer who was credited with creating the clamshell form of the modern laptop, an innovation that helped transform the computer from a desk-bound behemoth to a ubiquitous, go-everywhere part of daily life, died Sept. 8 at a hospice in San Francisco.
They were 69 and had cancer, their son Alex Moggridge said.
Mr. Moggridge had been an international leader in the field of design for decades. They were a co-founder of IDEO, an innovation and design firm with offices around the world, and since 2010 they had been director of the Smithsonian Institution's Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum in New York.
In recent years, they helped create and promote a field of study called “interaction design” — the study, essentially, of how humans interact with computers.
Until their death, they remained best known for the GRiD Compass, a computing device they began designing in 1979 for the Silicon Valley company Grid Systems Corp.
GRiD Compass computer. (Courtesy of Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum, Smithsonian Institution)
The GRiD Compass, Time magazine declared in a recent account of the machine's creation, was “one of the most clever pieces of engineering in computing history.” Released in 1982, it featured a keyboard and 6-inch yellow-on-black screen display. The two pieces were held together by a hinge and that allowed the user to open and close the machine like a briefcase.
Even as laptops became lighter and more powerful, contemporary models continued to rely on Mr. Moggridge's basic design. Laptops were reported to have outsold desktop computers for the first time in 2008.
The GRiD Compass was not the first portable computer on the market, Time magazine noted, but the device, despite its initial 1982 price of $8,150, was a big advance in weight and usability.
Unlike the tablet design, the hinge mechanism allowed users to maneuver the screen for optimal viewing. The fold-up construction protected the screen as well as the keyboard. And the ease of setup was travel-friendly.
It was the embodiment of Mr. Moggridge's belief that design, rather than an aesthetic question, was a means of “solving problems.”
The problem with computers, as far as they were concerned, was simply that they were too big. Mr. Moggridge credited John Ellenby, the founder of GRiD Systems Corp., with being the “impetus” for the GRiD Compass project.
According to Mr. Moggridge, Ellenby had met a top-level White House official who told them of the need for the computing power of the desktop in a device half the size of a briefcase. “That became our guiding principle,” Mr. Moggridge told Smithsonian Magazine.
The GRiD Compass quickly received recognition from the scientific and military community. NASA appreciated the machine's sturdy magnesium case and took it into orbit during the Space Shuttle program. The military used it, as well. The British defense ministry demonstrated its durability by throwing it out the window, and the U.S. military used it during the 1983 invasion of Grenada, the London Independent reported.
As their career progressed, Mr. Moggridge moved away from physical design as they became increasingly interested in interaction design. Their books included “Designing Interactions” (2006) and “Designing Media” (2010).
They became director of the Cooper-Hewitt museum in 2010 and oversaw the museum at a time of rapid expansion. Undergoing renovation, the museum will reopen in 2014.
William Grant Moggridge was born June 25, 1943, in London. Their father served in the British military before becoming a civil servant; their mother was a painter.
In 1965, Mr. Moggridge received a diploma in art and design from what is now Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London. They worked as an industrial designer before founding a consulting firm, Moggridge Associates, in England in 1969. They opened a Palo Alto, Calif., office in 1979.
In their early career in America, according to Design Week, they worked on “garage projects” with Apple, Microsoft and other companies that became giants in the field of computer technology.
IDEO was formed in 1991 when Mr. Moggridge merged their company with two other firms owned by David Kelley and Mike Nuttall.
Mr. Moggridge taught on the university level and received awards that included the Prince Philip Designers Prize, a prestigious British honor.
Survivors include their wife of 46 years, Karin Helbig Hansen Moggridge of San Francisco; two sons, Alex Moggridge of San Francisco and Erik Moggridge of Portland, Ore.; and a brother.
Mr. Moggridge predicted that the laptop will “last forever,” alongside new technologies and devices such as the iPad.
“It's a form that is very practical . . . and it is very portable,” they said. “I can't see the laptop ever being completely replaced.”
By the end of this year, Toronto should have 150 new, larger streetcars in service – but it won't. Not even close.
Bombardier will reportedly miss its (already-revised) target for 2017, leaving the TTC with less than half the number of vehicles it was expecting by now, and two short of what it was promised just two months ago.
A spokesperson for the Montreal-based aerospace and transportation company told The Star this week that only 63 new streetcars will be shipped by the end of the year on account of "issues in our supply chain."
How the TTC's billion-dollar streetcar deal with Bombardier has gone so wrong for so long. @TorontoStar https://t.co/IgtAJZqKMP#blastfromthepast — Brent Robinson, soc (@_kinofist) December 22, 2017
When the TTC inked its original, $1-billion contract with Bombardier in 2009, Toronto was told it would have 204 new streetcars by the end of 2019.
At the end of 2016, with only three years remaining, only 30 of those 204 vehicles had been delivered. Bombardier's delivery goals have been revised twice since then, but even under the new timeline things are "unacceptably behind," as TTC spokesperson Brad Ross put it.
"We eagerly await more (streetcars) so we can deliver the transit service the people of Toronto need and deserve," said Ross to The Star.
The people of Toronto are likewise eagerly awaiting more streetcars – lately, while standing in the cold, watching overcrowded older vehicles sail past their stops.
The proposal comes as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which provides temporary relief from deportation to those immigrants, who are known as "Dreamers," faces a legal challenge from Texas and nine other states.
The Trump administration has not said whether it will defend DACA in court.
ADVERTISEMENT
White House legislative affairs director Marc Short said at an off-camera briefing Wednesday that the administration is unlikely to support the new bill.
"The administration has opposed the Dream Act and we are likely to be consistent in that," they said.
President Trump extended DACA in June, but has vacillated on the issue of Dreamers — the DACA recipients who received that monicker after the original Dream Act.
“It's a decision that I make and it's a decision that's very, very hard to make. I really understand the situation now. I understand the situation very well. What I'd like to do is a comprehensive immigration plan. But our country and political forces are not ready yet,” Trump said last week.
A White House official speaking on background said Trump "campaigned on enforcement first, and that is where their focus is."
The official added that the White House is "working with Congress on a number of key pieces of legislation, including with [House Judiciary Committee] Chairman [Bob] Goodlatte [R-Va.] on a series of enforcement measures as well as with Sens. [Tom] Cotton [R-Ark.] and [David] Perdue [R-Ga.] on merit-based reforms to the legal immigration system."
The bipartisan bill is likely to receive some support from Democrats and moderate Republicans pushing to provide a permanent legislative solution before any legal challenge against DACA takes effect.
Many members on both sides of the aisle are on record in support of making DACA benefits permanent, and have supported previous iterations of the Dream Act dating back to 2001.
In their bill, Graham and Durbin — the top Democratic sponsor of most earlier versions of the Senate bill — will set guidelines for qualification, similar to DACA and earlier Dream Act guidelines.
Under the 2017 Dream Act, immigrants would qualify for permanent residence and a path to citizenship if they are longtime residents who came to the United States as children; earn a high school diploma or GED; pursue higher education, have lawful employment for three years or serve in the military; pass a background check and pay a fee; show proficiency in English and U.S. history; and have not committed a felony nor posed a threat to the country.
One of the more frustrating realities for many job seekers is when you hear,
"We're sorry, but we've decided not to move forward with you as a candidate."
What's worse is that it's usually accompanied by zero explanation. You ask for some specific feedback or reasons why, and you're met with the ultimate brush off.
As a recruiter, rejecting people is one of the absolute worst parts of our job. It's depressing. Trust me when I say we're dreading making the phone call as much as you're dreading receiving it. We too invested a lot of time into this process along with you.
While you will definitely encounter some companies or recruiters who will give you some specific details as to why you didn't fare so well during the interview, more often than not, you'll hear a canned answer -- or worse, receive an email with boilerplate language to the effect of,
"We're sorry, but we're not able to provide any additional details."
You've invested a lot of time, energy, and emotions in the interview process, and you are left with little insight or ways to improve. Sadly, this is not a senseless act. As with everything frustrating in the world, there are reasons.
Believe it or not, there are possible legal implications of offering someone a window into why they didn't get the job. In a litigious society, and particularly in the aftermath of many of the class action and civil lawsuits of the late 90s and early 00s, companies became hypersensitive in order to protect their interests. As such, many companies adopted a blanket approach to dealing with things like interview feedback for candidates by simply declining to give any details. If you've ever needed a professional reference from your previous company, you may be familiar with this strategy. Many companies don't want to do anything that potentially positions them negatively. Companies have blanket no-reference policies so that no ex-employees can blame (read: sue) them for why they didn't get the job. Companies have blanket "no interview feedback" policies so that candidates can't misconstrue and read into things incorrectly. You'd be surprised the allegations a disappointed individual can lodge based on something as simple (and egregious) as a recruiter saying, "The team felt you weren't a great culture fit."
I'll leave the discussion of why "culture fit" is in and of itself a terrible concept for another time.
The legal side is one very important element, but there's also another side to this, and that's the recruiter's side. For a recruiter, giving interview feedback is a slippery slope. Feedback can sometimes be incredibly subjective. Sure in say a coding or technical interview, there may be a more clear "right" or "wrong" answer, but even then I've found there to be a lot of grey areas in an individual's interpretation of what the correct solution may be. I've had candidates email me to argue with me about the outcome of their interview with pages of accompanying code -- code I've courteously forwarded to another software engineer to review only to give me the response of, "Nope. The answer is still wrong."
There are a lot of factors that go into why a person may not have been selected for the job, and they aren't always things that a candidate wants to hear. I've honestly found that 9 out of 10 times, when I give a candidate feedback on how they performed in an interview, they get very defensive and the conversation turns into them trying to justify to me why the feedback is wrong, or nitpicking and disagreeing with something that an interviewer pointed out. If you take one drawn out feedback conversation and multiply it by the many candidates we may be rejecting every week, you have a massive time suck.
I will say that when a candidate seems thoughtful, mature, and professional, we will often give them a little bit of feedback (with some discretion) because we know they can handle it. This is particularly true if we think someone has a chance to make some adjustments/improvements and come back stronger next time they interview. But sadly, many people cannot handle the feedback. Maybe this is a product of a culture that's given out too many trophies to the losing teams. Or perhaps our guilt-ridden parents stroked our egos too much. Or maybe people have seen "The Boiler Room" one time too many. Participating in daily debates with candidates on why the feedback is wrong just isn't a good use of time. In my industry (tech), it's gotten so bad that sometimes companies won't even give out the last names of the interviewers to the candidate because some candidates have been known to do things like repeatedly email the interviewers on LinkedIn, trying to argue with the outcome of their interview. In the age of Twitter ranting, Medium treatises, Glassdoor complaining, Reddit AMAs, and Quora missives, you never know what the tipping point might be for a candidate to air their opinions.
I understand the frustration level of people who genuinely want feedback on how they did during the interview process. Just know that a big part of the reason why you can't get insight into your interview performance is likely due to the loud, unprofessional, and often vocal minority who have pretty much ruined it for everyone else. So if you find yourself in the uncommon position of being able to actually receive feedback on how you could have improved, regardless of if you agree with the outcome or the feedback, my advice would be to take the meat and spit out the bones, and simply say, "Thank you for the feedback." Interviewing is an imperfect process.
The kilts are a tribute to the Siebers family's Scottish roots. As for the guns: ‘We believe in the second amendment. We're making a statement to support that'
Fish and clips: the Utah restaurant where waiters carry guns in their kilts
The first things you notice are the smell of freshly fried cod and the fact that the men serving it up are wearing kilts.
It's only afterward that you notice the waiters are carrying not just trays of food – but pistols, too.
You're tempted to ask: “Is that a gun in your sporran or are you just pleased to see me?” Actually, these guys wear their firearms neatly tucked into their waistbands, or in side holsters amid the tartan folds.
Tony Siebers was carrying their loaded 9mm Sky semiautomatic – made in America, they pointed out – in the top of their Black Watch tartan kilt, as they buzzed around the restaurant they own in Ogden, Utah, getting ready for the Good Friday dinner rush.
“It doesn't come out unless there is an emergency,” they said, patting the black handle of the pistol.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest With a 9mm Smith and Wesson secured in their kilt, Monika Siebers talks with a customer. Photograph: Briana Scroggins/Standard-Examiner/AP
What do they think would be the most likely emergency that would warrant pulling a semi?
“If we were being robbed,” they said. “But it's never happened.”
They and others in their family, which runs Sea Bears restaurant on a busy street in the small city that lies about 40 minutes north of Salt Lake City, all carry a piece while at work, which is legal in Utah. The kilts are in honor of their Scottish grandmother, who was born in Edinburgh.
Satirical or serious? Petition for guns at Republican convention raises questions Read more
Siebers said their wife, Monika, was waiting for their concealed-carry permit last year, in order to be able to keep a gun in their bag, or underclothing, and in the meantime they toted a handgun openly on their hip while at work.
The open carrying has attracted so many positive comments from customers, many curious about buying a gun themselves, Siebers said, that the family decided to make it a thing, adding that they've only had a couple of negative comments from people who said it made them uncomfortable.
“Around here it's not uncommon for people to carry a sidearm. We believe in the second amendment [to the US constitution, involving the right to bear arms]. We're making a statement to support that,” they said.
“People might think it's the wild west, but it's actually very civilized,” they added. “We believe in strict background checks and that when law-abiding citizens carry guns there is less crime.”
Back in the kitchen, Siebers's twin sons, Collin and Chase, 21, wore revolvers as they popped chunks of battered cod and catfish into the fryer, or bustled to and from the seating area.
“I think it's awesome,” said customer Todd Einck, 53, a technology entrepreneur, as they watched the armed chef walk by. “It's part of our American heritage.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sea Bears restaurant owner Tony Siebers would only draw the Sky semi-automatic pistol they keep in their waistband ‘if there were an emergency'. Photograph: Joanna Walters for the Guardian
They and their wife Shawna were on a skiing holiday from Arizona.
“I have a concealed-carry permit for my 9mm Glock. I don't have my weapon on me right now. But a lot of my friends carry guns,” they said.
Three members of the waitstaff were not carrying guns because they were under the legal age to get a license, which is 21.
Nancy Thomas, 56, sat in the middle of the restaurant with their family, bouncing their baby granddaughter on their knee.
They had no safety concerns, despite the proliferation of weapons on the premises.
“It makes me feel safer, actually,” said Thomas, an Ogden local. “I respect this neat family for standing up for their views and anyone troublesome is going to think twice – no, three times – before coming in here.”
Them other granddaughter, Kiera, 4, shrieked: “I like it! It's cool!” when asked what they thought of the pistol-packing staff.
At the next table, US air force contractor Richard Morrison, 61, said they had a concealed-carry permit.
Was they armed right then?
“I might be, I might not be,” they said, cryptically.
The establishment doesn't currently serve alcohol, but Siebers said that was more to attract families with children than from any worry about mixing booze and bullets.
A live band was tuning up in one corner. Some hungry patrons waited to be seated and said they had not been aware that some of the staff were armed.
Brandon Aspittle, 19, a manager in a local chocolate store, wrinkled their nose.
“There's no point. They're just making a statement and it feels like they are throwing it in your face. It's unnecessary,” they said.
Joan Shumway, 47, standing next to him, agreed.
“It's odd,” they said. They lowered their voice. “Actually, it's stupid,” they whispered. “This isn't the time or place. It feels excessive.”
But the whiff of fried food won them over and they took their seats.
Customer Carla Spackman, 58, said they did not own a gun but supported gun rights.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Siebers family at their Sea Bears restaurant. Photograph: Briana Scroggins/AP
“We live in a scary world and you are going to have to protect your family one day,” they said.
What scared her?
“Terrorism. And I think we're going to have civil unrest. So much racism, which is silly because America is all about people from different backgrounds,” they said.
Munching on sweet potato fries in a booth at the back, Wendi Bell, 44, a retail inventory specialist, held up their leather handbag.
“It's a special concealed-carry purse,” they said. They unzipped the discreet, quick-draw end pocket to show a Smith & Wesson handgun inside.
“I love it,” they said. “I'm a Momma Bear with three kids and if anyone threatened us I would not hesitate to use it.”
They grinned.
“Utah is all about guns,” they said.
Adlène Hicheur (born 4 December 1976)[1] is a particle physicist with dual Algerian and French citizenship.[2] After their master of theoretical physics in Lyon, they joined LAPP (Laboratoire d'Annecy le Vieux de Physique des Particules) to work on the BaBar experiment, located at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center. Their thesis, defended in 2003, was about the production of high energy Eta prime mesons in the decays of B mesons. After that they were a Postdoctorate in England at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, where they worked on the ATLAS experiment at LHC. They then joined the high energy physics department of École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) and works currently on the LHCb experiment.
Adlène Hicheur was arrested in France on October 8, 2009, after police allegedly intercepted emails between themselves and Al-Qaida in Islamic Maghreb, an Algerian-based terrorist organisation. Two weeks after their arrest, the Algerian media[3] compared Hicheur to Lotfi Raissi, who was first suspected of terrorism before being released without charges. An International Support Committee was organized by Adlene's friends and colleagues[4] to support Adlene and to request a fair investigation.
General director of the National Police Frédéric Péchenard stated in November 2009 that Hicheur planned to attack a base of the National Defence in Annecy, which harbours the 27ème bataillon de chasseurs alpins, involved in Afghanistan.[5]
Hicheur's trial started on March 29, 2012, in Paris.[6] In May 2012 Hicheur was sentenced to "five years in prison for plotting terrorist attacks."[7] On 15 May Hicheur left prison and decided not to appeal their sentence.[8] They were a visiting professor at Instituto de Física of Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.[9]
In July 2016, the government of Brazil had Hicheur deported back to France,[10] where they were placed under house arrest.[11] Hicheur has decided to renounce their French citizenship and move to Algeria.[11]
A new report outlines ways to safely reduce C-section rates.
Medical staffers deliver a baby by C-section at a hospital in Mianyang, China, in 2009. (Photo11: AP) Story Highlights Although cesarean sections are performed to help babies, they increase risks for mothers
Preventing C-sections in first-time moms is important, doctors say
Women who deliver vaginally the first time can often do it again with later children
In a bid to reduce rates of cesarean sections that have climbed more than 60% in the past 15 years, two major medical societies issued guidelines today that urge women and doctors to have more patience during labor, allowing nature to take its course rather than rushing to surgery.
The growing use of C-sections, accounting for one-third of all deliveries in the USA, has raised concerns on a number of fronts.
Although the surgeries are performed out of caution for newborns, they sharply increase the risk of complications and death for women.
The death rate is more than three times higher in mothers who undergo C-sections – 13 deaths per 100,000 women – than in those who deliver vaginally, according to the new report, issued by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine.
The risks to women increase sharply with each additional C-section, says study co-author Aaron Caughey, a professor at Oregon Health and Science University. Performing a C-section, without allowing women to experience contractions, also increases the risk of respiratory problems in babies, says Uma Reddy, a medical officer at the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development. That's because contractions help to squeeze extra fluid out of a newborn's lungs.
Backers of natural childbirth have long urged doctors to "stop watching the clock," says Michele Ondeck, president of Lamaze International.
"I have to say 'Hurray,'" Ondeck says. "This is a game-changer."
The report notes that the standards doctors have traditionally used to define a slow or stalled labor come from the 1950s. More recent studies, which included more than 62,000 women, show the range of time for a normal labor is much broader than previously understood, the report says.
Reddy calls the new report "a really important document," partly because it "lays out the case that labor nowadays is much slower than we thought."
Caughey says C-sections are clearly the safest option for certain circumstances, such as when the uterus ruptures or when the placenta blocks the opening of the uterus. The World Health Organization says C-sections are needed in only about 10% to 15% of deliveries.
Kjersti Aagaard, an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, says it's especially important to reduce the number of C-sections in first-time moms. Women who deliver their first baby vaginally can usually deliver their later children vaginally, as well.
Among other recommendations, the report says doctors should not automatically perform a C-section for women whose babies are in the breech position, or positioned to be born feet first, instead of head first. Instead, doctors should attempt to turn the baby by applying external pressure to the mother's belly. This can help prevent a breech birth in more than half of cases, Reddy says.
Doctors should not automatically perform a C-section because the baby seems very large, the report says.
The report says women are less likely to have a C-section if they receive support in labor, such as from a doula, a birth attendant who helps women get through labor but does not assist in delivery.
A review of 12 trials, involving more than 15,000 women, found that mothers who receive "continuous one-on-one support during labor and delivery" are more satisfied with the birth experience and are less likely to need to a C-section.
C-section rates vary dramatically from place to place. C-sections are used in 22% of births in Alaska, for example, but nearly 40% in Kentucky, the report says.
Some women and doctors also see C-sections as more convenient, because they can be scheduled in advance, Caughey says. Some women want to guarantee that their preferred doctor will be available when they deliver. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists says doctors earn roughly the same amount of money, whether they deliver a baby vaginally or via C-section.
The costs and charges for childbirth can vary greatly from location to location. But in general, insurers pay out 50% for a C-section than for a vaginal birth, partly because women stay in the hospital longer and require more services, such as anesthesia, according to a 2013 Truven Health Analytics Marketscan Study.
Costs do come into play, however, through the fear of malpractice suits, the report says. Doctors who are afraid of being sued may err on the side of caution, performing a C-section for fear of being later being accused of not doing enough to protect a baby.
Studies have found that rates of C-sections are related to malpractice insurance premiums, as well as state limits on what patients can collect from lawsuits, the report says.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1eTmpTo
Select a date Select month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 Select a category Agriculture Bihar Votes For Its (and India's) Future BUDGET 2014 Budget 2015: Modi's Moment of Reckoning Budget 2016: The stories behind the numbers Chart of the Day Climate Change Cover Story Currency Chaos Development Education Elections 2014 Employment Fact Check Governance Newsletter Health homepage video Hunger India's Great Challenge: Health & Sanitation IndiaSpend In The News IndiaSpend Interviews Industry Investigations Central State Latest Headlines The Latest Reports Making Sense of Breaking News Modi's Message: India's States Reply Modi's Report Card Mumbai Special: The Revival Agenda Opinion – Videos Opinions Pollution Poverty Prime Time: India's Grand Challenges Resources Central State Sectors Agriculture Defence Economy & Policy Education Health Infrastructure Snapshots States Central India Chattisgarh Madhya Pradesh EAST Bihar Jharkhand Orissa West Bengal NORTH Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu & Kashmir New Delhi Punjab Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand NORTH EAST Arunachal Pradesh Assam Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Sikkim Tripura SOUTH Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu WEST Goa Gujarat Maharashtra Story In A Minute The Air We #Breathe The Road To Delhi: Elections 2015 The Transition: 2015-2016 Uncategorized Viznomics: A Quick Glance At Big Issues Welfare Women Women@Work Search with Google
Of all protests by government employees across India in 2015, one-third took place in Punjab. The state witnessed no less than 5,764 protests by government workers that year, in which employees ranging from schoolteachers to sanitation workers took to the streets.
In most cases, the demands were the same: More hiring; ‘regularisation' of contract workers–that they be made permanent employees with concomitant benefits such as pension, insurance and leave allowance; or both.
Once among India's wealthiest and fastest-growing states, Punjab ranks a middling 12 in terms of gross state domestic product. The state's agriculture sector has shrunk as the gains from the Green Revolution have dwindled, while manufacturing industry–such as the state's famed sports-goods makers in Jalandhar–has fled the state, unable to meet the onslaught of cheap Chinese imports and finding the business environment more conducive elsewhere in the country.
Increasing numbers of young people who can no longer be absorbed in agricultural or industrial work want government jobs.
The unemployment rate among Punjabi youth–between the ages of 18 and 29–is 16.6% while the Indian average is 10.2%, as IndiaSpend reported in January 2017. Punjab's rural youth joblessness rate in 2015-16 was 16.5%; more than seven percentage points higher than rural India's 9.2%.
The result is that Punjab's young people leave their villages for better prospects and the widespread anger at the rise of drugs, the decline of jobs, and the failure of aspirations is now an electoral issue, as IndiaSpend reported in February 2017.
This anger is apparently spilling into the streets.
Anger on the streets
There were more than 25,000 protests across Punjab in the seven years to 2015–that is, 15-18 protests a day–according to data collected by the Bureau of Police Research & Development (BPRD), a national agency.
Source: Bureau of Police Research & Development
Punjab also reported the second-highest labour-related protests–1,388 protests in 2015, 2,854 in 2014 and 848 in 2013, according to BPRD data. Labour-related agitations in the state had jumped 3.5 times in one year from 2013 to 2014, IndiaSpend reported in November 2016.
Source: Bureau of Police Research & Development
On February 11, 2017, members of the Mid-Day Meal Cook Workers Union and workers under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan announced they would protest against the Punjab government's delay in implementing legislation enacted to regularise 27,000 contractual hires. They claimed the government had not issued them appointment letters two months after the state assembly passed the Bill.
On November 18, 2016, health department workers were joined by workers from the departments of education, irrigation, industrial training and the treasury on a ‘dharna' (strike) demanding a hike in retirement age from 58 to 60, as promised by the government in 2012.
The same day, 300 members of the Punjab Safai Mazdoor Federation–including sweepers, sewage workers, gardeners and drivers–staged a dharna outside the municipal corporation office in Jalandhar as garbage rotted across the city. They were demanding recruitment of 2,000 ‘safai' (sanitation) workers and 500 sewage workers, as well as regularisation of 180 sanitation and 65 sewage workers.
Contractualisation has become a norm for Punjab government over the last two decades, Amarjeet Kaur, an activist with the India Trade Unions Congress, said. When the government refuses to renew contracts, the workers protest. “Interestingly,” they said, “these outsourcing agencies [who hire contract workers for the government] keep changing their names to prevent facing workers' ire and renew with another title and thus, continue to hire new workforce.”
Perhaps sensing the growing discontent, in 2011, the then Punjab Chief Secretary, SC Aggrawal, had instructed all government departments to ensure that contract employees get the minimum wages, provident fund and employees' state insurance benefits as per law. In their letter, they had noted that contractors were not paying the entire amount of salary released by the government for contract employees, and were also not giving contract employees their bonus, gratuity, maternity leave and sanctioned holidays.
In October 2016, the Supreme Court ruled on numerous appeals filed by contractual workers from Punjab to say contractual hires are entitled to wages at par with permanent employees and the principle of ‘equal pay for equal work' must apply.
Slowing economy, fewer jobs
The demand for government jobs has been driven by a decline in employment in all sectors of the economy. Punjab has an unemployment rate at 16.8% in 2015-16–higher than national average of 11.6%.
One of the key reasons is that the state's largest employer, the agriculture sector, has been absorbing fewer and fewer workers. Agricultural workers formed 62% of all workers in Punjab in 1971, but they comprised only 36% of the workforce in 2011–a decline of 26 percentage points–according to Census 2011 data.
The reasons included mechanisation of agriculture and a declining rate of growth in the farm sector. Agriculture growth rate declined over nine years, from 0.95% in 2005-06 to (-)3.40% in 2014-15, according to Punjab government data.
At the same time, the state has been unable to encourage ancillary units such as agro-processors, which could have created jobs. This is seen to be a failure at both the policy and operational levels.
In any case, rural youth are increasingly averse to working on the farm, preferring instead to go abroad. “Migration of rural folks is a well-known phenomenon of Punjab,” said Vikram Chadha, senior faculty at the Punjab School of Economics at Guru Nanak Dev University. “These youths compel their families to sell their landholdings and raise funds for their foreign venture. The practice has drastically reduced agricultural activities of the state.” The vacuum is being filled by migrants labour from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, they said.
Meanwhile, manufacturing jobs, considered more prestigious and lucrative than farm jobs, are becoming scarce due to a slow, prolonged decline. “Punjab's manufacturing sector slumped after militancy demanding Khalistan broke out in the region [in the 1980s and 1990s],” Chadha said. “Unit holders fled the state… At the same time, rising manufacturing sector in neighboring Himachal Pradesh wooed the investors there.” They said heavy taxation during the 1990s and 2000s–part of measures to fight a steep fiscal deficit–further squeezed the sector.
The number of factories in Punjab has continued to fall in the present decade–from 12,770 in 2010-11 to 12,278 in 2013-14, according to the Reserve Bank of India data. The number of non-operating textile units in the state grew to 227 from 11 between 2000-01 and 2010-11, a study by industry body ASSOCHAM said.
In this bleak employment situation, government jobs are much sought after. More than 7 lakh people had applied for the 7,418 constable posts in Punjab Police, Outlook reported in September 2016. Of these, 1.5 lakh were graduates, postgraduates or had professional postgraduate degrees such as in business administration or accountancy.
“Educated” job-seekers–those who passed the tenth grade–form 72% of all jobseekers in Punjab, the 68th round survey of the National Sample Survey Office (NSSO), conducted during 2011-12, said.
However, the government is employing fewer people too: The number of government employees fell from 3.7 lakh in 2004 to 3.1 lakh in 2015–a 15% fall–according to Census data.
“Between 2006 and 2013, the government ordered closure of 18,000 industrial units across Punjab,” Ranjit Singh Ghuman, professor at the Centre for Research in Rural and Industrial Development (CRRID), told IndiaSpend, adding that recently the government has rendered 3,500 contractual employees jobless by closing public sector ventures like thermal plants. “Rather than addressing the issue, the government is only escalating it,” they said.
Politics as usual?
Heading into state elections, the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal-Bharatiya Janata Party (SAD-BJP) government approved nine bills in a span of 39 minutes on December 19, 2016, in the absence of Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal. The bills were aimed at regularising contractual jobs, and were passed after a failed attempt to issue ordinances.
The Aam Aadmi Party promised in its manifesto that it would be “ending the system of contractual hiring, reviving the pensions for government departments and board corporation employees”. The Congress promised doles to unemployed youths.
What no party provided, however, was a clear policy roadmap for generating more jobs, upskilling the workforce and reviving the economy.
(Handoo is a New Delhi based independent journalist and a member of 101Reporters.com, a pan-India network of grassroots reporters.)
We welcome feedback. Please write to respond@indiaspend.org. We reserve the right to edit responses for language and grammar.
__________________________________________________________________
“Liked this story? Indiaspend.org is a non-profit, and we depend on readers like you to drive our public-interest journalism efforts. Donate Rs 500; Rs 1,000, Rs 2,000.”
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Can Josh Take a Leap of Faith? Season 2 Episode 13 Editors Rating 5 stars * * * * * « Previous Next » Vincent Rodriguez III as Josh, Rachel Bloom as Rebecca. Photo: Michael Desmond/The CW
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend has pulled off some mighty tricks this season, from delicately off-boarding one main character and bringing on another, to completely fragmenting and then rebuilding its female friendships. But even I was taken aback at its ability to close out with a fully developed, Lost-style twist — one that it had been telegraphing all season long via the theme song, no less.
Before they resumed their childhood obsession with Josh, Rebecca was just a girl in love with a different man: Robert, their law-school professor. And when they decided not to leave their wife for her, they were held responsible for their actions — namely, pulling a straight-up Left Eye and setting fire to their house, which cost them a place at Harvard Law and landed them in a mental hospital. (“She sings to themselves all day,” one nurse tells the other, in a gut-punch moment.) Turns out she's less certifiably cute than they are … well, certifiable.
Needless to say, this revelation casts the Rebecca of the pilot in an entirely different light, one that is decidedly less nuanced. Putting them meds down the disposal when they arrived in West Covina may have made the world a sunnier place, but it also put their lives and the lives of everyone around them at risk. When Josh leaves them at the altar, Rebecca comes within a hair's breadth of committing suicide.
It's a bold move for a show to reveal its lead, especially a female lead, as even worse and crazier than you thought — and that's really saying something, because the two previous episodes saw Rebecca making out with their boss despite being engaged and having a weird, co-dependent relationship with their UPS guy. The feeling at the end of this finale reminded me of first watching the “lily of the valley” reveal in Breaking Bad, where you find a new layer under what you thought a character was, or could be. That's heavy stuff for a musical comedy, but it's also the kind of risk that makes Crazy Ex-Girlfriend feel so immediate and fresh.
I'm perhaps less enthusiastic about the daddy-issues justification for Rebecca's actions, a strand of DNA that the show also shares with Lost. Silas Bunch is unquestionably a jerk: He's always been a lazy non-presence in Rebecca's life, and Dr. Akopian is right to be galled by them hitting them up for cash. But compared to Naomi, who displays so many varied shades of both alienation and support in this episode alone, Silas is as flat and one-dimensional as a cartoon villain. They seem like a needed justification to keep Rebecca on the right side of likability, instead of the kind of emotionally honest screwup that the show is usually so superlative in crafting. Why are they the way they are? He's a scapegoat. We'll never know.
As for Josh, I mentioned a few episodes back that their newfound religiosity might cause some friction with Rebecca, but even I was taken aback at where that ended up. Trying to fight their girl-craziness by becoming a celibate priest feels almost as desperate a move as the engagement, and I'll be curious to see if the show really embraces it (as it did Greg's alcoholism story line), or ends up dropping it.
Josh will be particularly hard-pressed to remain above it all, because this episode couldn't be clearer about the show's direction for season three: What will happen to Rebecca and Paula when the diabolical energy they once put into creating a Hollywood ending gets channeled into the much darker occupation of revenge? Their System of a Down–esque headbanger about walking down the aisle, which seemed like a fun goof on the first viewing, is far more chilling on a rewatch. Real rage is hiding beneath the surface, and you know what they say about women scorned. Or, as Paula says, “I will take their husky limbs into my hands and I will RIP THEM APART!”
What I love most about the episode's concluding moments is that they also telegraph the season's biggest themes about female friendship. Rebecca lives in a dystopia, but it's also a friendtopia, thanks to Paula, Valencia, and Heather. Each of these women was once an unlikely ally, and now they're lined up alongside them as they tell their shitty dad to go to hell and plots their revenge. It's not cute or adorable. It's big, messy, and uncomfortable. It's crazy, just a little bit.
Closing Thoughts
• Despite all the, ahem, buildup, there was sadly no “Period Sex” to be had in this finale. Instead, Rachel Bloom released it as a YouTube video.
• This episode is a gold mine for lovers of CXG leitmotifs. Besides Rebecca's big oceanfront number, which reprises “You Stupid Bitch,” “The Villain in My Own Story,” “I Love My Daughter,” and “We'll Never Have Problems Again,” there are also appearances by “Thought Bubbles” (when Josh puts on their suit in the mirror), “One Indescribable Instant” (during the pre-wedding cocktail hour), and “Love Kernels” (when Rebecca hugs their dad at the rehearsal dinner).
• I really love that Trent didn't disrupt the wedding in the traditional “does anyone object” way. (Same goes for Heather being the one who screamed.) One of the best lines was also a play on an old convention: When Trent told Josh, “It took me a little while to find a big enough ‘Top Secret' stamp at the craft store.”
• There's so much to get done in this episode that there isn't quite enough time for a full Darryl and WhiJo plot, but it looks like they're gonna be in conflict over Darryl's desire to have another kid.
• We finally get to meet Hector's mom! And Hector gets a great moment talking about their ensemble: “Burgundy A-line, very tasteful. She's a winter … a little snowflake.”
• My favorite line of the episode goes to Rebecca's mom: “What about my mother-daughter dance? You know how fast I pick up choreo.”
New England newspapers have been here before. It's not the first time layout editors have had to design a front page commemorating a Patriots Super Bowl win.
After Sunday's dramatic win over the Falcons, Boston-area papers mostly went with the same approach for their Monday morning front pages—a triumphant photo of Tom Brady and a pithy headline.
A look at Monday's front page #SuperBowl pic.twitter.com/ePpPk8koPy — The Boston Globe (@BostonGlobe) February 6, 2017
Today's Boston Herald Wrap pic.twitter.com/eCBcenfX8o — Boston Herald (@bostonherald) February 6, 2017
Take a look at the Hartford Courant's front page for Monday, Feb. 6. Read our eNewspaper here: https://t.co/OG27ZQSp6O pic.twitter.com/tIwOf3lsgs — Hartford Courant (@hartfordcourant) February 6, 2017
• Get SI's New England Patriots Super Bowl LI championship package
The championship was the fifth for Brady and Belichick. The quarterback tied former 49ers and Cowboys lineback Charles Haley for the most Super Bowl wins by a single player.
Taylor Phinney has confirmed that they have signed a two-year deal with Cannondale-Drapac. The 26-year-old American has raced for BMC Racing for the last six seasons but will start a new chapter of their career with Jonathan Vaughters' squad in 2017. Related Articles Cannondale to merge with Drapac for 2017
Taylor Phinney: Overcoming self-doubt and hitting Olympic reset
Phinney: Team time trial world title would be cherry on the cake
Phinney: I felt like a wuss out there
Phinney: I'm taking it one step at time, trying to have fun
Exclusive Interview: Taylor Phinney on their return to Paris-Roubaix
Phinney turned professional in 2011 and won the opening stage at the 2012 Giro d'Italia. In the last two years they have battled back from serious injury after a crash at the 2014 US nationals. They rode strongly at the recent Eneco Tour and is set to ride the team time trial at the World Championships in October.  They are also expected to ride the individual time trial while riding for the USA.
Phinney is now 26. They will target the 2017 Classics campaign before looking to cement a spot in the Cannondale-Drapac squad for the Tour de France, where they will have a focus on the individual time trials. However, they also look at their ambitions on a broader scale, as they look to develop further as a rider.
"My biggest goals are to grow in the Classics and then I have to get back into Grand Tours," they told Cyclingnews after confirming their new deal.
"I've not done a Grand Tour in four years and those change you. They sculpt your body and your mind like no other race can. I've been feeling a bit behind in that sense. Next year is also about the opening time trial in the Tour de France and working with Cannondale on a new TT bike. They're set to upgrade the current one and I'm excited to be part of that. So the goals are similar but the big picture is about harmonising it all with the races I'm doing, the team, and the equipment that I'm on."
The last few years of Phinney's career have been dominated by a serious accident that took place in 2014 at the US national championships. They broke their left leg in the horrific race accident and a long and painful rehabilitation followed with operations to heal the physical wounds. It has been a long road back for a rider who has experienced so much already in their career. There have been moments of self-doubt, disappointment, success and reflection but they are confident that this new chapter will be the start of a new brighter phase.
"There's been a big change inside my mind in the last few years and that led me to the point where I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep racing my bike anymore because I felt I was able to see the world as this endless opportunity with limitless options and roads to go down," they said.
"But with that came this appreciation of the lifestyle that I currently lead as a professional. I was torn earlier this year because I felt like I was falling in and out of love with cycling at the same time. That lead me to make the decision that I needed to make a change. I wanted to experience a new environment. I was thinking about which teams I wanted to go to and Cannondale has always felt like a family of mine with the Slipstream connection."
A return to their roots
When Phinney made their Olympic Games debut in Beijing in 2008 they were already part of Jonathan Vaughters' junior Slipstream squad. They were already a World and national champion in several disciplines and a move to Trek Livestrong followed before they made their transition to BMC Racing and stepped up to WorldTour level.
While the move to Cannondale-Drapac feels like a return to their roots, Phinney is also ready to embrace the new.
"I got my first job from Jonathan Vaughters when I was 16 and it's already a place where I have developed and grown in the past. They helped me step into the sport and it's cool to have this fresh start mentally but also come back to a team run by the first guy to notice my talent as a young kid. The move to Cannondale Drapac made so much sense. Also my first bike was a blue Cannondale. They do things a little differently with their bikes and I think can sync up with that in the way that I ride and express myself.
"If my career was this big chalkboard I've been trying to erase the whole thing and start from scratch. This summer I've been falling in love with bike racing, how amazing the sport is. I know that sounds funny to many of the people probably reading this because they've been in the industry for a long time but I fell into this sport. I fell into it because of my parents and because I was good at it. I wasn't this huge fan before I started racing. I have this passion for the sport now that is building and I just want to follow that this year."
Thanks to BMC
The move to Cannondale-Drapac brings to a close Phinney's time at BMC Racing. Under the tutelage of Jim Ochowicz the Boulder-based rider has experienced high and lows, yet their grateful for their time on the American-registered team.
“I had a great time at BMC. My whole career until now has been generally overwhelming in a positive sense. I turned pro pretty young and BMC took care of me immediately. At the team everything worked perfectly. It's the most well oiled machine you can imagine. I don't think I really appreciated that until I came back from my accident. I'm really grateful to them for all the work they've done. Since my comeback, at every single race I've done, I've had to have extra support and they've backed me on that. I'm so grateful for that and they stuck by me when I was out for 16 months."
Now it's all about the future: "I'm just excited. I'm happy when I look back, and I'm happy when I look forward. I'm in a good place now."
(OTTAWA) – Elizabeth May, Leader of the Green Party of Canada (MP, Saanich-Gulf Islands), released the following statement:
“After reading the report of the Standing Committee on Transport, Infrastructure and Communities on changes made to the Navigable Waters Protection Act (NWPA) by the Harper administration, I am deeply disappointed. It is abundantly clear that the combined effect of changes to the Fisheries Act, the NWPA and the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act (CEAA) was for the purpose of speeding development. C-38 gutted the Fisheries Act and CEAA, while C-45 removed federal environmental protection for 95 per cent of Canada's lakes and rivers.
“Now, this Liberal-dominated committee has utterly failed to recommend needed reforms, and their report actually defends former Prime Minister Harper's abdication of authority over navigable waterways. In doing so, the committee report is out of step with the bold vision of the environmental assessment expert panel.
“The committee held only six meetings. This report should raise alarm amongst environmental groups who trusted this administration to undo the damage done by two of Stephen Harper's omnibus budget bills. I support the NDP's dissenting report, and urge Transport Minister Marc Garneau to fix what Harper broke.”
Read Ms. May's written brief to the standing committee on Transport, Infrastructure and Communities here.
- 30 -
For additional information or to arrange an interview, contact:
Dan Palmer
Press Secretary | Attaché de presse
dan.palmer@greenparty.ca
m: (613) 614-4916
Estimated reading time: 3 minute(s)
More than 220 attendees watched five startups compete to take home a combined $50,000 in cash prizes, along with additional in-kind services, at the annual St. Charles County Demo Day held Wednesday, November 8th at OPO Startups in St. Charles.
If you weren't able to catch EQ's live coverage of the event on social media, here's what you missed:
And the winner is…
The winner of the $25,000 grand prize was GrabMe Delivery, an “everything delivery” app that allows users place a request — for take-out dinner, a new bottle of detergent, anything — set how much they're willing to pay for delivery, and find someone to help run the errand.
“We want to let you buy back your time,” said GrabMe founder James Crain, a member of OPO Startups. Whatever an hour spent not rushing off to the store for that gallon of milk is worth to you, pay that and put your feet up.
GrabMe Delivery wants to help you buy back the time you spend buying food, goods — you name it. #StCDemoDay https://t.co/hMoz7OmHvz — EQ (@eqstl) November 9, 2017
Rather than depend on an on-demand workforce, the way Uber does, GrabMe Delivery hopes to turn everyone into a part-time entrepreneur: people out shopping can grab a few things for their neighbors, and use their trip as an opportunity to pick up extra cash.
Crain expects that the time-saving benefits will appeal most to young working parents, and plans to spend a portion of their winnings on social media marketing to this audience.
Can your app deliver tax revenue?
At this year's Demo Day, judging criteria explicitly did include each company's potential economic impact on St. Charles County. For the panel of judges at the event, GrabMe Delivery had a unique appeal.
“It was great to see the plan GrabMe Delivery has for capturing local sales tax,” explained Scott Drachnik, Executive Director of Workforce Development for St. Charles County and one of the judges. “The massive shift away from brick and mortar stores to online sales is creating a revenue problem for governments around the region, state and country.”
Many governments still don't collect sales tax from online purchases. Even where so-called “Amazon Laws” — requiring online retailers to pay sales tax — have been passed, they are often difficult to enforce.
The loopholes put local government budgets at risk (St. Charles County, for instance, gets 63% of its revenue from sales tax), and give an implicit subsidy to ecommerce sites.
If the app's launch is successful next month, GrabMe Delivery may bring the traditional advantages of ecommerce — convenience, selection and fast delivery — to the brick-and-mortar stores that have been disrupted by it. That means shoppers would spend more money in local businesses, hire locals to do the legwork — and more revenue would flow back to local government.
“Until there is an equitable legislative solution, the assistance of online services like GrabMe Delivery is great appreciated and an outstanding model for other civic-minded businesses,” Drachnik said.
Other finalists tackle long lines at airport security, CRMs for service sector, and more
The second-place prize winner, CheckTheQ, took home the $10,000 runner-up prize along with additional cash prizes from the judges. CheckTheQ monitors the flow of passengers through airport security, to provide business intelligence to airports and shorter lines to travelers.
Adam Hoffman of https://t.co/CxzstOF9Tg tells us how he's going to help us “never miss a flight” at #StCDemoDay https://t.co/PuyqYHyeWn — EQ (@eqstl) November 9, 2017
CheckTheQ is in the process of completing two pilot programs, one with Lambert Airport in St. Louis. The startup relies on a simple, elegant, and non-intrusive tech solution: pinging passengers' phones to follow their movement.
In addition to GrabMe and CheckTheQ, cash prizes were awarded to the three remaining finalists:
DIYStyle
Obodo
Z8, LLC
The cash prizes doled out at St. Charles County Demo Day make it one of the largest demo day competitions nation-wide, and the enthusiastic crowd that packed OPO Startups wall-to-wall reflected the celebratory mood.
“Entrepreneurship and startups don't just create economic opportunity, they are also an important part of building a community,” said OPO Startups Manager Megan McKissen. “It was really amazing to see that community come out and support a really exciting group of founders and startups. We look forward to continuing to grow St. Charles County Demo Day, and making it an important pillar of the St. Louis regional startup scene.”
Fourth in a series
Everglades National Park is in reality a public space designed to protect a piece of a vital wetland and the many varieties of wildlife that inhabit this swampy region of southern Florida.
Everglades Fact Sheet Location: Everglades National park is located across three counties in southern Florida, including Monroe, Collier and Miami-Dade. The park entrance is located in Homestead. Founded: The park was established in 1934 and dedicated in 1947, according to the National Park Service. Area: 1.5 million acres Website: www.nps.gov/ever/index.htm
The park was created in 1934 to protect a vital ecosystem, a network of wetlands, wooded areas, as well as rivers fed by Lake Okeechobee, from the expansive growth of development in the state, according to the National Park Service.
The Everglades is a primary breeding ground for birds and a home to dozens of endangered species, including the Florida panther, West Indian manatee and the crocodile.
More than 1 million people visit the park each year. The most active tourists season is between December and March when temperatures are cooler and pesky insects are less of a burden, according to the National Park Service. The park is popular with hikers, naturalists, nature photographers, anglers and adventure-seekers. The park and camping facilities are open year-round.
Coming next week: Glacier National Park
Share
A research network in the US proposes that cancer should be classified according to genetic and molecular features rather than by the type of tissue in which the tumor arises. While more work is needed to confirm and build on findings that look set to rewrite oncology textbooks, the scientists say such a system would be better for patients because it would help tailor treatment to their individual needs.
Researchers found that different types of cancerous tumors were molecularly and genetically similar, prompting them to challenge the existing system of classifying cancers. Researchers found that different types of cancerous tumors were molecularly and genetically similar, prompting them to challenge the existing system of classifying cancers.
Writing about their findings in the journal Cell, researchers from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) describe how they analyzed more than 3,500 tumors on multiple genomic technology platforms.
There have already been studies that suggest cancer should be defined by features at the genetic and molecular level. For example, Medical News Today recently reported another TCGA study that found four distinct molecular subtypes of stomach cancer.
But in this latest study - the largest genomic study of cancer - the researchers found even across tissue types (for instance, breast, bladder and kidney), what we currently regard as different cancers have tumors that are more similar at the molecular and genetic level than at the tissue level.
'Disruptive' study challenges existing system of classifying cancers
In explaining the impact of the findings, co-corresponding author Chris Benz, a professor at the Buck Institute for Research on Aging in Novato, CA, points out most of our tissues comprise many different types of epithelial and non-epithelial cells (epithelial cells being those that line cavities in the body and cover flat surfaces, while non-epithelial cells form other tissue types such as connective, muscle and nervous tissue), and:
"This disruptive genomic study not only challenges our existing system of classifying cancers based on tissue type, but also provides a massive new data resource for further exploration as well as a comprehensive list of the molecular features distinguishing each of the newly described cancer classes."
They cite the example of bladder cancer, which they propose should be reclassified into several different types, each with distinct and different outcomes, to explain why patients can expect quite different results when treated with the same systemic therapy.
For the study, the scientists compared the DNA, RNA and proteins of 3,527 specimens of 12 different tumor types by analyzing them with six different "platform technologies." The results showed tumors were more likely to be molecularly and genetically similar based on their cell type of origin as opposed to their tissue type of origin.
One subtype of bladder cancer virtually identical to lung adenocarcinoma
For example, the study suggests there are at least three different subtypes of bladder cancer, one of which is almost identical to lung adenocarcinoma, and another that is similar to squamous cell cancers found in the head-and-neck and lungs.
The study also confirms known differences in subtypes of breast cancer but reveals a surprising finding in that basal-like breast cancers - also known as triple-negative breast cancer - are actually a class of their own. These cancers are very aggressive and more common in African-American and younger women.
Even though these basal-like cancers may arise in the breast, the study shows that at the molecular level they are more like ovarian cancers and cancers of squamous cell origin than other breast cancer subtypes.
The team says the findings suggest at least 1 in 10 cancer patients would receive a different classification of their cancer type under the new system. However, Prof. Benz believes this proportion will grow after the next round of analysis, which will look at more samples and tumor types.
They anticipate this will show over 20 types of tumor, based on classification by molecular and genetic features at the cell level:
"We're just appreciating the tip of the iceberg when considering the potential of this multi-platform type of genomic analysis. It could be that as many as 30 or 50% of cancers need to be reclassified."
They believe this study and future repeats will improve design of clinical trials by helping to identify patients more likely to respond to new treatments based on the genomic reclassification of their tumors. They note:
"Although follow-up studies are needed to validate and refine this newly proposed cancer classification system, it will ultimately provide the biologic foundation for that era of personalized cancer treatment that patients and clinicians eagerly await."
For years, the Super Kebab takeaway in north London has – like all kebab shops employed a man with a big knife to slice doner meat off of a rotating skewer. Despite its award-winning pedigree – it was named the best takeaway in London earlier this year – manual kebab slicing has been given the elbow, supplanted by a futuristic robot arm. The Atalay doner robot, which, guided by sensors, glides up and down the tower of meat, slicing off perfect cuts of lamb to be stuffed into a pitta bread (salad remains optional).
The unusual piece of equipment – the first to be installed in a UK kebab shop, according to owner/manager Hakan Gorenli – had been shipped over from Turkey – a nation that knows its kebabs – and costs around £5,000. Gorenli says that they are pleased with their investment, adding: “I like it and am very happy with it.” They also think other kebab shops will follow their lead. If they are right then Atalay, the Turkish company that makes the equipment could be in for a windfall – research by the British Kebab Awards estimates that a total of 1.3m kebabs are sold across Britain every day by around 17,000 shops.
Asked if they were sad about abandoning the traditional method of doner slicing, Gorenli said that “carving doner meat is a difficult task, both hot and tiring”. Given that they and their staff – including former carvers – serve somewhere in the region of 1,000 kebabs on a typical weekend, you can understand why they have all taken to the new technology.
As for their customers, Gorenli says: “99% of my customers are happy with the robot. They like that it cuts precisely and hygienically.”
The report rattled US wheat markets. In addition to Japan's action, the European Union, which imports more than a million tonnes of US wheat a year, said it was following developments ''to ensure EU zero-tolerance policy is implemented''. It asked Monsanto to help detection efforts in Europe. The issue focuses attention on St Louis-based Monsanto, a $US56 billion company with more than $US13.5 billion in sales of seeds, services, weed killer and biotechnology to the agriculture industry. In the face of mounting protests, including public demonstrations in multiple cities last weekend, the company has stood behind its other genetically modified products. Much food safety advocates and environmental groups say that more testing needs to be done to ensure that genetically modified seeds are not harmful to health. In addition, they say, the genetic engineering of crops has encouraged the more widespread use of herbicides and led to the development of weeds more resistant to those herbicides. The US already relies heavily on genetically modified crops. Corn, cotton and soybeans have gone from 5-17 per cent of the US market in 1997 to between two-thirds and more than 90 per cent in 2012. By some estimates, more than 70 per cent of processed foods sold in the US contain ingredients and oils from genetically engineered crops.
A 2008 US Government Accountability Office report estimated the value of the global market for genetically engineered seeds was $US6.9 billion. Though altered seeds are made by four other leading agricultural businesses, Monsanto relies most heavily on such products, experts say. But Americans remain sceptical about some genetically modified foods, including proposals to cultivate altered salmon. And big agriculture companies have avoided commercial development of genetically engineered wheat because about half of the US wheat crop is exported, and governments in major markets such as the European Union, Japan and China are opposed to genetically modified wheat seed. Monsanto said in a statement that it ended commercial development of the strain of wheat found in Oregon nine years ago. The company said about 23 million hectares of wheat was planted in the US every year, and that while the Agriculture Department's test results in Oregon ''are unexpected, there is considerable reason to believe that the presence of the Roundup Ready [herbicide-resistant] trait in wheat, if determined to be valid, is very limited''. But food safety groups drew the opposite conclusion. ''This was not from a recent trial, which means it's been sitting there in the environment,'' said Andrew Kimbrell, executive director of the Centre for Food Safety, a non-profit group. ''It's highly doubtful that it's just on one farm. If it's out there, it's out there.'' The centre's science policy analyst Bill Freese added, ''It has been 12 years since this wheat was grown officially in Oregon. It doesn't just disappear and magically appear 12 years later.''
Freese added that Monsanto had 15 new permits, issued in 2011, to test herbicide-resistant wheat in Hawaii and North Dakota, including an unusually large 121-hectare field in North Dakota. Freese said the size of that field would make it difficult to prevent accidental spread. Monsanto spokesperson Tom Helscher said the new field tests involved ''different herbicide traits'' than the genetically modified strain found in Oregon. They said they were ''focused on preventing yield loss due to disease and other environmental stressors''. They said the company had a project in early development that would boost yields and provide crops with a ''strong tolerance'' to existing herbicides. ''We talk to people in the wheat industry and they say they need tools to help deal with problems they face, whether weed or insect control,'' they said. ''We wouldn't expect to have a product for quite a number of years.'' Part of the battle over genetically modified seed has been taking place in Washington.
Monsanto and other companies have been pressing members of Congress to vote against measures that would require disclosure for food made with genetically modified or engineered crops. Friends of the Earth said 64 countries had similar rules and that 37 bills had been introduced in 21 states this year proposing that genetically engineered foods be labelled. Monsanto is also urging lawmakers in the Senate to vote for a rider continuing a resolution that would strip federal courts of the power to provide injunctive relief to environmental and food activists seeking to stop the spread of such crops. Genetically modified crops have a history of provoking bans by trading partners. In 2006, the Department of Agriculture announced that trace amounts of a genetically engineered rice had been commingled with supplies of conventional rice. That led several US trading partners to reject US rice, causing losses for US farmers and exporters.
WASHINGTON POST
Einstein was famous for performing what are termed "thought experiments"—hypothetical situations that illustrate the consequences of a theory—that allowed them to gain insights into the natural world without bothering to leave the confines of their own brain. One of these experiments involved placing a subject in an elevator that is then allowed to free fall. As far as Einstein could tell, there would be no way for the subject to tell if they were falling into the local gravity well, or simply out in space, free from gravity's influence—this insight supposedly helped them formulate their theory of relativity.
But it turns out that this is the sort of thought experiment that might be useful to translate to reality, since building a laboratory equivalent of an elevator shaft is a whole lot easier than sending something into space. But the sorts of physics experiments we'd like to do tend to involve large, complex, and delicate equipment that wouldn't take well to being dropped down an elevator shaft. In an impressive bit of engineering, researchers in Germany have created a device that produces and monitors a Bose-Einstein condensate while being dropped down a 146 meter high shaft.
The drop shaft, located at the Center of Applied Space Technology and Microgravity in Bremen, is pictured at right in all its phallic glory. The sample area is magnetically shielded and can have the air evacuated. Samples dropped from the top will experience nearly five seconds at 10-6g before experiencing a cushy landing in an eight meter deep pool of loose polystyrene packing foam. There's also a catapult on the bottom for launching samples that can handle acceleration. During their trip to the top of the shaft and back, these samples will get about nine seconds of microgravity.
But the facility is only half of the story. Bose-Einstein condensates involve getting a large collection of bosons—in this case, rubidium atoms—into an identical energy state. Once this is achieved, the collection of atoms acts as a single entity, described by a single wave function—in effect, a quantum mechanical system on macroscopic scales. Unfortunately, getting a collection of atoms in a single state is only practical by putting them in a very low energy state, which means cooling them to near absolute zero. That, in turn, requires what's typically a large collection of lasers to cool them, and then an additional collection of hardware to monitor the Bose-Einstein condensate's behavior.
The stunning bit of engineering here is that the research team crammed all of the requisite hardware into a 215cm high cylinder with a diameter of 82cm. They were aided immensely by the development of something called an "atom chip" that has nothing to do with Intel—instead, it's a solid state device that can spit out Bose-Einstein condensates with a minimum of fuss. In the authors' device, these were held to a very chilly nine nanoKelvin.
Once the condensates were in place, the device was set loose and, after a second or so, the system equilibrated to its microgravity state, after which the evolution of the quantum system was followed. It turned out to be exquisitely sensitive to local magnetic fields generated by the apparatus itself and the vacuum pump used by the facility. Once those factors were accounted for, the behavior of the Bose-Einstein condensate was identical to that predicted by theory within the limits of the monitoring equipment.
Although nothing of the sort appeared in this initial description of the system, one of the goals of this work is to establish a system in which we can test the relativistic behavior of a quantum system, and possibly start to identify where the boundaries between these two domains reside. One of the more interesting effects that could be amenable to study is frame dragging, in which a massive rotating object gives the space-time in its vicinity a bit of a swirl. The work involved in creating a compact Bose-Einstein system may also lay the foundation for sending similar hardware into space, where tests can be performed in a stable microgravity environment.
Science, 2010. DOI: 10.1126/science.1189164 (About DOIs).
Business secretary says their party is willing to back Tory moves to scrap top tax rate – in exchange for 'mansion tax'
Vince Cable has confirmed that the Liberal Democrats are ready to scrap the 50p top rate of tax in exchange for a new tax on multimillion-pound properties.
Their party leader, Nick Clegg, has opposed calls for the abolition of the top rate of tax, but Cable indicated there was a deal to be done in the runup to the budget amid pressure on the chancellor, George Osborne, from the business lobby and fellow Conservatives to scrap the measure.
The business secretary stepped up the pressure on Osborne as they became the first cabinet minister to confirm there was a "very broad understanding" in the coalition of a reciprocal deal that would see the tax shift from income to wealth.
The Lib Dem minister also signalled that new higher rates of council tax bands could be the levy of choice. They said a possible tradeoff for ditching the top rate of tax was just one part of a "complex set of negotiations which my colleagues are conducting".
The Lib Dems have campaigned for a "mansion tax" on properties worth more than £2m, to pay for the poorest workers to be lifted out of the tax system.
Cable told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "If the 50p rate were to go – and I and my colleagues are not ideologically wedded to the 50p tax rate – if that were to go, it should be replaced by taxation of wealth, because the wealthy people of the country have got to pay their share, particularly at a time of economic difficulty.
"How exactly that is configured is a detailed matter for negotiation, but that principle must be upheld, and the mansion tax is actually a very economically sensible way of doing it. But there are different ways of approaching it."
Cable did not rule out new, higher council tax bands on multimillion-pound properties. "There are vast numbers of extraordinarily valuable properties now around the south of England netting very large gains for their owners – many of whom come from abroad, incidentally – and it's not taxed at all," they said. "Basically, you get people with multimillion-pound properties paying exactly the same council tax as somebody in a three-bedroom semi. So the system doesn't work."
Cable said the Lib Dems were also emphasising in negotiations the importance of lifting low earners out of tax altogether – one of the party's key themes. "We are making progress with that," they said. "That's certainly an important part of the mix as well."
Jeremy Browne, the Lib Dem foreign spokesperson, signalled over the weekend that the Lib Dems were not "ideologically wedded" to the 50p rate of income tax.
But Boris Johnson, the Conservative London mayor, who has repeatedly called for the 50p rate to be scrapped, balked at the idea of a mansion tax. They said they were under the impression that there was "no agreement in the coalition".
Johnson said on Sunday: "Obviously, in a city like London … you're going to find many more people who might be hit by such a tax. I'd much rather that we stop focusing so much on bashing people and started thinking what we can do to help people into work."
A London Tory MP echoed Johnson's concerns, claiming that the tax would hit London the hardest and hurt middle-class families. Writing in the Evening Standard, Malcolm Rifkind, Conservative MP for Kensington and Chelsea, said 81% of properties affected would be in London, half of which are in their constituency backyard.
They said the levy would be "arbitrary, disproportionate and unfair" and declared themselves "resolutely opposed to such a tax".
Many homes costing more than £2m are "fairly ordinary townhouses", they wrote. "Such a wealth tax would target not mansions but desirable locations," they said, adding that it would affect people with "comfortable but not wealthy middle-class incomes", many of whom had bought their homes prior to the "explosion in house prices".
It would be "extraordinary" if a Conservative-led government incorporated such a levy into the tax structure, they said. "If we are to target the super rich for taxation, the least we can do is ensure that carelessness doesn't leave middle-class families in the crossfire. Failure to do so could force hard-working Londoners out of homes they have lived in for decades."
Reports suggest President Trump will imminently announce a U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. On Tuesday, Germany's ambassador to the United States, Peter Wittig, sat down and spoke with me. They made it clear that Germany sees the Paris climate deal as part of the "international order," similar to NATO. U.S. withdrawal from Paris would impel Germany to turn instead towards China.
Here's what the ambassador had to say about the Paris agreement and broader notions of international order. The key elements are highlighted in bold.
Washington Examiner: What is your takeaway from the recent G-7 summit in Italy, and NATO summit in Brussels?
Ambassador Peter Wittig: Well, it was the first G-7 summit where this newly elected president participated, so it attracted a lot of attention. You know that the chancellor had come to Washington to pay a visit here in March. One of the ideas of that visit was to prepare for the G-7 and more importantly for us, because we are presiding over it, the G-20 summit in July. It [the G-7 summit] got a lot of attention because there was criticism about the appearance of the president. And if you refer to the latest headlines that [the summit] made, I'm very sober about it, because the chancellor has been saying all along that Europe has to take its fate into its own hands. They did that in the light of recent challenges to the European Union. So that is not something particularly new. The chancellor is a known lifelong Atlanticist. They value the relationship between the United States and Germany and she's adamant about forging a very constructive relationship with this president. But at the same time we think it is important, even imperative is talk about the differences we have. And one of the differences that came up at the G-7 meeting is, of course, our approach to climate change. We're not seeing eye to eye on this issue. But that doesn't mean that the bilateral relationship or the U.S.-European transatlantic relationship is tarnished. It's a sign we have to talk about our differences.
Analysis: The ambassador's comments are diplomatic-speak for Germany's great disappointment, specifically its disappointment that President Trump seems to have abandoned the Paris climate agreement. But note that these comments are also qualified: Germany knows it must maintain a relationship with Trump even if they withdraw.
Washington Examiner: Chancellor Merkel is prioritizing climate change, and President Trump is prioritizing defense spending by NATO member states. But some Americans might ask, if we're being asked to commit to timelines in climate change agreements, why shouldn't Germany commit to a shortened timeline to get to 2 percent [of gross domestic product, the NATO target for member state defense expenditures]?
Wittig: There is a timeline. It's a timeline that was laid down after the NATO summits in Cardiff in 2015 and Warsaw in 2016. And mind you, both of those summits came after the annexation of the Crimea by Russia. That was clearly a sea change in our relationship — also in the relationship of NATO — towards Russia. Those summits highlighted the need to raise defense spending among all member states. But the language at those summits was very careful. It said that within ten years from 2014 countries commit themselves to move towards the 2 percent of GDP target. This is an incremental approach. And we are committed to it. We raised defense spending by 9 percent last year. But what we have to clarify here is that there's nothing we owe to NATO. It's not like a membership in a club with the membership dues haven't been paid. The common costs of NATO have always been paid by Germany.
Analysis: This is a problem for Germany. Like many other European nations, the German government doesn't want to increase defense spending. At the same time, however, Germany expects the U.S. to sign up to a timeline-fixed agreement on carbon emissions. That seems hypocritical and incongruent with fair diplomatic dealing. Note also in the following two questions. In both cases, the ambassador's answer is uncomfortable.
Washington Examiner: Why not say, regarding that ten year timeline, instead of moving toward 2 percent, we will reach 2 percent within ten years?
Wittig: Our Parliament controls spending and controls the armed forces. It's a totally different system to that of the United States.
Washington Examiner: But Chancellor Merkel could push for that change.
Wittig: Of course, and they have done so. And they have presided over a rise in our defense expenditure in one year alone by 9 percent.
Analysis: Again, what we see here is Germany's desire to slightly increase defense spending and then pass off that increase as evidence of a sustained effort to reach the 2 percent GDP target. The problem? Even after recent increases, Germany spends just 1.2 percent of GDP on defense.
Washington Examiner: How do you see Germany's relationship toward China? The U.S., for example, is concerned about China's construction of artificial islands in the South and East China Seas. But other U.S. allies such as the U.K. are very much focused on the economic opportunities China offers. Where does Germany strike the balance between trade and economics, and upholding the liberal international order?
Wittig: We hope that China can become a responsible stakeholder in the liberal international order. Germany is the No. 1 trade partner of China in Europe. We have had excellent relations with China at the leadership level. The chancellor visits each year. We have a lot of important interests at stake in a cooperative relationship with China. There are also divergences that we articulate to the Chinese. When it comes to the international order, there should be no vacuum. If we lose American leadership, others will step in. The recent "belt and road" conference in Beijing was a reminder that China is ready to step into a possible vacuum that the U.S. might be leaving.
Analysis: This is a big deal. The ambassador is offering a very, very unsubtle implication that were the U.S. to withdraw from the "international order" — of which the Germans regard the Paris agreement to be a key component — China would find a positive reception from American allies. But what's most striking to me here is the apparent shortsightedness. In essence, Germany is saying that ''if you don't agree with us on Paris, we will start preferencing China''. This also affirms that the EU's commitment to liberal international order is pretty paper thin. China's imperial island campaign is largely ignored by European powers. Instead, they have their eyes on China's investment dangles.
Conclusion: The horizon of U.S.-EU relations is a tough one. China and Russia will be loving this.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Southampton have stepped up their attempts to keep wanted man Nathaniel Clyne.
Saints have offered their in-demand right-back a new long-term deal worth in the region of £45,000 a week.
England defender Clyne's current contract is due to expire next summer.
And Southampton has offered Clyne improved terms in a bid to persuade the 23 year-old to snub Manchester United and Chelsea and stay at St Mary's.
Last time out: Southampton beat Crystal Palace
United and Chelsea are ready to go head-to-head for them in the summer if they decide to move on.
The south coast side have also offered Morgan Schneiderlin, 25, a £60,000 a week double-your-money new contract as they attempt to avoid a repeat of last summer when they lost a number of their key players.
French midfielder Schneiderlin, whose existing deal is up in 2017, is a target for north London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham.
News in Science
Bicycle scheme reveals rider behaviour
Bike behaviour A study of a shared bicycle scheme has found riders travel faster on Wednesdays than other weekdays, and average speeds greater than cars in peak hour traffic.
Since the shared bicycle scheme was introduced in the French city of Lyon in 2005, the number of bicycles on the road has doubled.
In the past few years, shared bicycle schemes have been set up in many European and UK cities, as well as in Melbourne and Brisbane. Local government planners in Sydney are considering a similar scheme, which is expected to start in 2011.
The schemes make bicycles available in 'pods' throughout the city centre which anyone can use for a trip across town at little or no cost. The bicycle is then returned to the pod for others to use.
The bicycles in Lyon are fitted with onboard computers and accessed via smartcards. Between May 2005 and Dec 2007, data was collected from 11.6 million bicycle trips.
The study by Pablo Jensen and colleagues at the École Normale Supérieure de Lyon and published on the pre-press website arXiv.org, found during peak hour in the city, bicycles travelled about 15 kilometres per hour - up to 50% faster than cars.
Travel time for cars would be even slower, they say, if the time taken searching for a parking space was taken into account.
Perception cars are quicker
"What's interesting is that drivers do tend to underestimate how long it will take to get to a place by car, and overestimate how long it will take to get there by bicycle," says Elliot Fishman, director of the Institute for Sensible Transport in Melbourne.
"There's a perception that the car is fast and convenient, whereas a bicycle is only used if you don't have the means to travel by car.
"But what a lot of new cyclists say is how surprised they were at how quick it was to get to work."
They say the study found that bicycles tend to take the same routes as pedestrians, rather than cars, making use of footpaths, going the wrong way up one way streets and using bus lanes.
"Short cuts make a huge difference to the speed of bicycles … What we've seen internationally is that where planners have tried to maximise the accessibility of bicycle routes, there are much higher level of bicycle use compared with cities where the routes for bicycles and cars is the same."
Short cuts for bicycles might include paths through parks, pedestrian and bicycle bridges over waterways, and access for bicycles and walkers through dead end streets.
These measures counteract the slower speed of bicycles by making the travel distance shorter, Fishman says.
Social factors affect usage
Intriguingly, the study also found that bicycles travelled fastest on Wednesday mornings. This may be due, the authors say, to the fact that many women in France take Wednesdays off to look after children, leaving a higher proportion of male riders on the road.
"It would be interesting to replicate the study in Australia to see what social patterns were revealed in our transport behaviour," says Elaena Gardner, president of bicycleSydney.
For instance, they say, there's a difference between morning and afternoon peak times for bicycle use in Sydney, perhaps indicating more commuters leaving work after 7 pm.
"There is a general concern that any bicycle share scheme in Australia will suffer from our mandatory helmet legislation … having to bring a helmet does not make the share scheme convenient," they say.
Fishman says being required to wear a helmet is like "opening up a pub and then asking everybody to bring their own glasses".
"When people are leaving home at 7.30 am they are not thinking they'll use a bicycle share in the middle of the day, so they are not taking a helmet."
Devise is one of the more polarising libraries out there in the Rails ecosystem — you either love it or hate it. I'm a fan; having used it for multiple projects throughout it's evolution and giving a few alternatives a try (including rolling my own), I can't really fault it.
One thing about it that does irk me, however, is the use of the #devise_controller? method and the pattern of customising it's behaviour by putting code in ApplicationController .
If you follow the official how-to on allowing users to login using either username or password, you'll end up with something like this in your ApplicationController :
before_filter :configure_permitted_parameters, :if => :devise_controller? protected def configure_permitted_parameters # ... end
This logic is needed for only a handful of actions on one controller ( DeviseController ), yet we end up with a before_filter that checks #devise_controller? before every action in your application. Admittedly the consequences of this are minimal, but it's not a good pattern to repeat and is generally bad object-oriented design.
Thanks to the power of Ruby, and the syntactic sugar provided by ActiveSupport::Concern , we have a nice alternative:
# config/initializers/devise.rb module MyPermittedParameters extend ActiveSupport::Concern included do before_filter :configure_permitted_parameters end protected def configure_permitted_parameters ... end end DeviseController.send :include, MyPermittedParameters
While we're picking on the above-linked guide, why not use Arel instead of raw SQL when overriding #find_first_by_auth_conditions :
Weve heard this battle cry from old school gamers for years: The bad decisions you make while playing an MMO should be punished. It seems that for every 3 or so people who whine about overly harsh mechanics, theres one who wants to go back to the good old days of gaming where teamwork was everything and mistakes were costly.
If you believe the PR, Wizardry Online, the upcoming hardcore title from Gamepot and Sony Online Entertainment, promises to do just that. It boasts insane difficulty, with "complex mazes, unrelenting mobs, and traps around every turn." And its primary hook is permadeath. Thats right, kiddies--if you dont play smart, and youre unlucky enough to fail two random attempts to appease the gods, you could lose your character, all their items, and most of their progress...permanently. Although true permadeath for the well-prepared player should be relatively rare, it can happen.
I had the privilege of delving into some dungeons with Todd Carson, Wizardry Onlines Senior Producer, as they led a tour through the game. Ill share my experiences, and then let you form your own opinions about whether Wizardry Online is the answer to your gaming prayers or the kind of nightmare youll want to avoid.
Maybe first impressions arent everything, but the first thing I noticed entering Wizardry Online was that the game just plain looks dated. If youre a graphics aficionado, this could prove to be an instant buzz-kill. Although Wizardry Online embraces an anime art style, which plenty of gamers appreciate, its delivered in a rather bland, old school way. I suppose you might call it 50 Shades of Brown. (Yeah. Had to. Sorry.)
Of course, for many people its fun that makes the game, not graphics. Their biggest question is: How is the game play?
First off, Wizardry Online is based on the Wizardry RPG, a game old timer might remember playing on their Apple II or Commodore 64. Given that, youll find elements of D&D-style game play embedded throughout. In fact, even character creation begins with a random roll for stats. And, although its not uncommon to encounter lone players wandering the world, youre likely to find that traditional party-based dungeon crawling sets the tone for this game.
I was handed a level 20 sword-and-board human Fighter to adventure with. Other classes include the archetypical Priest, Mage and Thief, but that doesnt mean that theres a shortage of customization. Between random rolls for stats and other player choices, including multi-classing, there could be significant differences between one Fighter and the next. Races are linked to stats, so youll also have different bonuses depending on whether you roll a Human, Elf, Porkul, Gnome or Dwarf.
Health regeneration is not a given in Wizardry Online, so my Fighter was equipped with a good stash of health potions. Of course, running with a Priest in your group is probably the most efficient way to fly. You can also return to town to rest, or carry portable camps, which allow you to rest up while youre out in the world. In the absence of any of these things--priests, potions or camps--youll find that your health wont regenerate between fights at all, so if you end one fight at deaths door, youre going to begin the next at a significant disadvantage.
We set off from a town hub, where an NPC ushers players into their choice of 10 dungeons. Although there are quests to pick up as you adventure, with 20 main quest lines, my cursory look at the quest dialog didnt reveal much in the way of story; Wizardry Online seems to be all about the dungeon crawling. And, if thats your thing, you just might find the experience worthy of your time.
As we made our way through the first dungeon, we encountered a swarm of trash mobs followed by a mini-boss. Taking them out, at least on my Fighters part, involved a combination of melee attack and shield defense. Attacking is pretty straight forward: you click the center mouse button to unsheathe your weapon, and then hack away by repeatedly clicking your left mouse button and triggering various hotbar skills with your number keys. You can raise your shield to block with a press of the shift key. Because our dev hosts were dropping heals on us, and our pre-made characters were fairly well equipped, it was difficult to get a feel for exactly how much damage we were taking, but we were told that we were holding our own fairly well.
Todd Carson kept urging us to move on through the dungeon, which made me notice one thing early on--mobs seem to respawn in a hurry. Whether solo or grouped, efficiency is of the essence if you want to avoid the wrath of respawn pops and continue making forward progress. For better or worse, though, dungeons are not instanced. This means that if you get overwhelmed, and there are others in the area, they can, and often will, pitch in to help. Of course, there are also those players who simply want to kill you. More on that in a moment.
As you might expect from a D&D-type game, the dungeons in Wizardry Online are laden with traps. Open a chest without a decent disarm trap skill level and youll be in for a rude awakening. I disarmed my first chest by pure luck, but my second attempt wasnt quite as fruitful--I sprang a poison trap that hit me and my group for massive damage. (A nearby player did the same thing as we were adventuring; one disadvantage of the non-instanced dungeon format.) We also encountered random flame and poison traps, and the damage they caused if you failed to avoid them was significant, especially in a game with no automatic health regen. Owning dungeons in Wizardry Online will require a keen eye for danger, as well as a good memory for how to avoid it in the future.
The items dropped in Wizardry Online are plentiful, but they do come with a caveat--youll need to have them identified in town before equipping them, not because you cant equip them, but because you probably shouldnt. Unlike almost every MMO, where equipping an item is merely a case of measuring its quality against that of what you already have, in Wizardry Online youll encounter cursed items that will actually hinder your character. Consider yourself warned.
That said, going back to town is something youll need to get used to, anyway. You may gain the XP necessary to level up while dungeon crawling, but you wont be able to apply it until you go back to town and complete the level up process by resting at an inn. Whats interesting is that youll be able to choose the type of room you want to level up in, and the quality of the room will have an effect on your random rolls for stats. If you skimp on the equivalent of the cheap-o room, where the bed has a sagging mattress and Magic Fingers, you might not get as lucky as you would by going all out on the room that offers turn-down service and a mint on your pillow.
And, finally, theres PvP. Its not optional in Wizardry Online, so players who simply want to dungeon crawl are going to have to endure random player attacks and potential griefing. Fortunately, there are some mechanics in place to give PvP consequences. Attack other players, and youll be flagged as a criminal. Once you become a criminal, other players can attack you without affecting their own status--its okay to kill a criminal. Not only that, but it can be rewarding. If youre a criminal who pisses off another player sufficiently, that player can place a bounty on your head so that the first player to kill you will claim a reward. Further, if youre a total jackass and your criminal level gets high enough, NPCs in the good part of town will stop interacting with you, forcing you to seek out the seedier types in the slum areas. Will these elements help stop the griefers? It remains to be seen, but consider this: since when has a griefer ever been concerned with the consequences of being a dick?
My time with Wizardry Online was brief, but it offered enough of a glimpse into the game to see that, given a fair chance, its likely to appeal to a certain type of gamer. Is it the right kind of hardcore to appease the tough love gaming crowd? You be the judge. Since Wizardry Online is free-to-play, youve got nothing to lose. The game is in beta at the moment. Although Ten Ton Hammers recent stash of beta keys flew out the door in a hurry, you can take apply as a tester at wizardrythegame.com.
MANILA — Lawmakers in the Philippines on Monday threw out an impeachment complaint against President Rodrigo Duterte that accused them of orchestrating the mass murder of thousands of people in their crackdown on drug use.
The Justice Committee of the House of Representatives, which is controlled by Duterte backers, reviewed the complaint and declared it insufficient.
The majority leader, Rudy Fariñas, said that Congressman Gary Alejano, who initiated the complaint, had no “personal knowledge” of the allegations, which they said were taken largely from news reports of the killings.
Mr. Alejano said the action to stop the complaint showed the government's unwillingness to act. Since Mr. Duterte became president in June, more than 4,000 people have been killed by the police in antidrug operations or by vigilantes in drug-related cases, according to police statistics.
Simeon "dream3r" Ganev has commented on the VAC ban handed to a CS:GO account under their name.
Earlier in the week, several websites reported that one of the Steam accounts linked to Simeon "dream3r" Ganev's ESEA profile was VAC banned on October 25, almost three months ago.
The Bulgarian team immediately came under fire as weeks before such ban they had secured a place at the ESWC finals via the online qualifiers, and in recent weeks they won the ESL SEE Championship and the New Year Invitational.
Contacted by HLTV.org, dream3r stated that it was an account that was stolen from them that was banned and that on September 19, more than a month before the ban came into place, they purchased a new account, which they have been using ever since.
"I cannot join my old account, I did not have the CD key or the credit card which was used to purchase the game so I could not retrieve it," they told HLTV.org. "So, on September 19 I bought a new one. "My team and I would like to apologise to our organisation, to our sponsors and to our fans and followers who are cheering for us in such an embarassing and awkward situation, even though this is not our fault. "Hopefully, the truth will come out on top as soon as possible."
Below are the pictures provided by dream3r that, according to him, prove that they have been using a different account since September:
AUSTRALIA is on the verge of dropping a selection bombshell at the World Twenty20, with plans to thrust David Warner into a dynamic new role down the order.
Warner has dominated for years as cricket's leading international opener, but The Daily Telegraph understands the vice-captain could be injected at either No.3 or 4 in next month's showpiece event in India.
There is a feeling that the in-form Usman Khawaja and Shane Watson must open or risk struggling to get their innings started in the T20 format, and a potential shift for the more versatile Warner is aimed at ensuring Australia's superstar batting line-up can fire from all cylinders.
Selectors see left-hand, right-hand combinations at the top of the order as crucial, meaning Warner and skipper Steve Smith could rotate freely between first and second drop, depending on which opener loses their wicket first.
For example Warner could replace Khawaja at the crease, and Smith for Watson.
It's a radical proposal but one that could hold the key to Australia breaking its longest cricketing drought, having never won the World Twenty20 since the tournament's inception back in 2007.
Australia flew to South Africa on Sunday and will get the chance to try out different combinations in a series of three warm-up internationals against the Proteas starting on March 4 in Durban.
The squad is packed with batsmen who can open, but the side must also find a way to keep the runs flowing through the middle-order, a weakness exploited by India earlier this summer.
Not seeing Warner open the batting would be a bizarre sight for Australian cricket, however their shift down to a new position would be testament to their supreme adaptability as a master of all conditions and match situations.
Warner has batted down the order in their younger days and even operated at No.6 in the Test team for their comeback innings midway through the 2013 Ashes.
The 29-year-old might have been viewed as a T20 hitter when they first debuted back in 2007, but Warner has evolved into a complete run-scorer as their career has developed and they know Indian conditions like the back of their hand as one of the best the IPL has ever seen.
Like Warner, Smith is viewed as a rare commodity that won't be bogged down regardless of where they bat.
Watson's massive unbeaten hundred for Australia at the SCG in late January was proof that opening is their best spot.
Further down the order the all-rounder struggles to find their rhythm coming in against spinners and with scoreboard pressure building up.
Khawaja's natural stroke-making is also suited to opening in the shortest format and it was at the top that they smashed two memorable centuries and a tournament-winning 70 for the Sydney Thunder this summer.
Axed captain Aaron Finch appears on the outer for a place in a first-choice XI, amid concerns over their ability to hit their straps on tricky, low, slow wickets.
Australia is set to stack their best side with all-rounders, with Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Marsh and the finisher James Faulkner to combine in a formidable middle-order.
The fitness issues of squad members Faulkner, Finch (both hamstring), Watson (side) and Nathan Coulter-Nile (shoulder) appear to be under control.
Coulter-Nile would likely feature in a first-choice attack if fit, while National Selector Rod Marsh hinted that Adam Zampa would start as the No.1 spinning option ahead of Ashton Agar.
Possible full-strength Australian XI: Shane Watson, Usman Khawaja, David Warner, Steve Smith, Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Marsh, James Faulkner, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Adam Zampa, Peter Nevill, Josh Hazlewood
The Aquis Brumbies are celebrating the re-signing of one of world rugby's most respected players after David Pocock committed to a new one-year deal with the club.
Pocock was a standout for the Brumbies in 2015 and was rewarded with three of the club's highest on-field honours, the Brett Robinson Player's Player, the fan-voted Stallion of the Year and the Best Forward awards.
Capping off a remarkable season, they were also named the Asteron Life Super Rugby Player of the Year last night at the annual John Eales Medal ceremony in Sydney.
Their achievements this season were made even more remarkable by the fact they had played just five games in 2013 and 2014 due to two serious knee injuries.
A world-class flanker who has been a standout for the Wallabies in 2015, Pocock was the John Eales Medallist in 2010, the same year they were nominated as IRB International Player of the Year for the first time. In 2011 Pocock was again nominated for the IRB's top gong, before being given the Captaincy of the Western Force for their 2012 Super Rugby season.
At just 27, Pocock has developed a reputation as a leader both on and off the field, with their charity, social and environmental work recognised globally. They were also named Western Australia's Young Australian of the Year (2012) the same year they were named captain of the Wallabies.
The retention of Pocock delighted Brumbies Head Coach Stephen Larkham.
“David is one of the world's best,” Larkham said.
“His attitude and commitment to recovering from two very serious knee injuries shows just what type of player they are.
“He is a leader for this group both on and off the field.
“We saw this season just how valuable their contribution is to the team, and to have them here for another year is great news for Brumbies players and fans alike.”
Pocock finished the 2015 Super Rugby season with eight tries – more than any other forward in the competition. They also became the Brumbies 13th captain of all-time after leading the side onto the field in Round One.
Over their ten year professional rugby career, Pocock has made a big impact on the community.
Brumbies Chief Executive Michael Jones was pleased to retain such a civic minded individual to the ACT and its surrounding regions.
“David's off-field work is well documented, he's a community minded man who thinks far beyond the rugby field or the change rooms,” Jones said.
“We are extremely happy to know David and their wife Emma will be remaining a part of the ACT community for another year.
“David is one of the best players in the world, and has proven over their 88 appearances in Super Rugby just how much of impact they can have on a game.
“Fingers crossed we will have the chance to celebrate their 100th Super Rugby match with Brumbies fans in 2016.”
PROFILE
Name David Pocock DOB 23/04/1988 Place of birth Gweru (Zimbabwe) Height 184cm Weight 105kg Position Openside Flanker
CLUBS
YEAR TEAM CAPS POINTS 2006-2012 Western Force 69 40 2013- Brumbies 19 40
INTERNATIONAL
YEAR TEAM CAPS POINTS 2008- Wallabies 50 20
David Pocock Player Profile:
Position: Open-side flanker
Height/Weight: 184cm, 105kg
DOB: 23/04/1988, Gweru (Zimbabwe)
Senior Club: Uni-Norths Owls
Super Rugby Caps: 88
Super Rugby Points: 80 (16 tries)
Super Rugby Debut: 2006 v Sharks, Durban
Test Rugby Caps: 49
Test Rugby Points: 20 (4 tries)
Test Rugby Debut: 2008 v New Zealand, Hong Kong
With the last update adding ‘Recents‘ to the navigation drawer, the latest version of Google Play Music brings the ability to set audio quality when streaming over Wi-Fi, as well as when downloading music for offline access.
Under ‘Playback' in Settings, there is a new option to set the “Quality on wifi network.” Previously, users only had the ability to set streaming preferences when on cellular networks.
By default, it is set to ‘Always High,' which plays the best quality in all network conditions, but with the possibility of buffering. There are also three other options to select from: Low, Normal, and High. The option to force ‘Always High' has also been added to settings for mobile network streaming.
Meanwhile, “Download quality” under ‘Downloading' also has three options. The default is set to Normal, with ‘Low' being quite useful for storage constrained devices. The app does not clearly specify how much compression saves or what happens to already downloaded music.
These options first surfaced a few versions back as part of an A/B test for certain users. However, version 7.5 of Play Music enables it on all devices.
Version 7.5.4518 for Android is rolling out now via the Play Store.
The son of Rep. John Conyers Jr. — the embattled member of congress who announced their sudden retirement Tuesday — may be headed for their father's seat, carrying on a decades-long political dynasty in Michigan.
Conyers (D-Mich.) resigned Tuesday amid allegations of sexual harassment.
In doing so, the erstwhile dean of the House endorsed their eldest son, John Conyers III, to take their place representing Michigan's 13th Congressional District — even though the 27-year-old has never run for political office.
Tuesday evening in a statement posted on Twitter the younger Conyers said that they had not decided whether to enter the race but hoped “to come to a decision by the new year — once I have taken the time to thoroughly listen to our community.”
Conyers was one of their father's fiercest defenders as the 88-year-old faced increasing pressure from Democratic leaders to step aside when a growing number of female former aides accused them of mistreatment and unwanted advances.
“It's very unfortunate to see them fight so long for so many people and to automatically have the allegations assumed to be true,” John Conyers III told reporters last week, according to NBC affiliate WDIV. “And of course, with sexual assault, women are to be believed. But in this instance, they have no history of this.
“And I think that if we're not going to make [Sen.] Al Franken resign when we have evidence of them groping a woman while they were asleep … it's disconcerting to me to see the way my father is being treated after he's given so much to this country, not just for black people but for people alike.”
Of their father, they added: “He fights for everyone.”
Here's what we know about John Conyers III.
They lack political experience
Steve Hood, a political consultant in Detroit, told the Detroit Free Press that not much is known about Conyers, at least in political circles.
Conyers is from Detroit and attended Morehouse College as well as New York University, according to their contributor bio on HuffPost.
That bio, whose details The Washington Post has not yet confirmed, identifies Conyers as “a partner at Detroit's first minority run hedge fund” and “a seasoned multi-discipline consultant who has provided fundraising and social media services to both political and business clients.” It also says they served as an intern in the Department of Community Outreach in the Israeli Embassy in Washington. “John is committed to melding community engagement, entertainment and politics,” the bio states.
According to their Facebook page, Conyers is a managing partner at the Detroit hedge fund EIA Alpha Partners Fund Management and an owner/partner at Palette Agency in Los Angeles.
They caused public headaches for their father in 2010
In 2010, MLive.com reported that John Conyers III was cited for speeding in their father's Cadillac Escalade — or rather, the government-leased vehicle their father used as a member of Congress.
There were also reports that year that the younger Conyers had driven the vehicle to a rap concert and that it was broken into, according to the news site. The then-20-year-old reported to police that two laptops had been stolen from the Escalade, along with tens of thousands of dollars worth of concert tickets.
After the incident, the elder Conyers apologized.
“I have just learned about the inappropriate use of a congressional vehicle by my son over the Thanksgiving holiday,” they said in a statement at the time, according MLive.com. “I am sorry it happened and will make sure that it does not happen again.”
The Detroit Free Press reported that the member of congress said they reimbursed the Treasury Department more than $5,600 for their son's unofficial use of taxpayer money.
A photo on social media at the time showed their son in a Cadillac with a bottle of French champagne, according to an MLive.com article. The story's headline: “The fabulous online life of John Conyers III, or why their family needs to do damage control immediately.”
He's an opinionated writer
In a HuffPost op-ed, under the headline “Orange Watergate: The Inevitable Impeachment of the 45th President,” Conyers wrote that the “reactionary and cavalier nature of the president will ultimately be their downfall.
“As their approval ratings tumble and confidence wanes, expect the weight of possible impeachment to make their already poor decision making worse. Self-preservation is ultimately the downfall of the narcissist.”
In the wake of the mass shooting in Las Vegas, Conyers wrote that the national debate should be about gun control, not mental illness, explaining: “I have dealt with Major Depressive Disorder since I was 15 years-old. I've not once thought about murder. I know right from wrong.
“My friends with bi-polar and depression and multiple personality disorder don't think about hurting others, if anything we think about hurting ourselves.”
“So if you grapple with mental illness do not let the medias stigmatization of our ailments make you self-conscious,” they wrote in their October op-ed. “As much as they love to make us their scapegoats, It's not our fault. You, as well as I, know we know right from wrong. When they need someone to blame they look to us first, when it's time to lend their hand to help us they're nowhere to be found.”
He's a rapper
In a 2013 song, “Rich Glorious,” Conyers talked about their battles with the media amid their mother's 2012 bribery conviction, as well as the Cadillac mishap, according to Roll Call.
“Hey f— making a living, boy, I'm trying to make history. So picture me letting the news nitpick at me,” Conyers said in the rap video, which showed an image from a news story about the incident.
He's not the only Conyers vying for the congressional seat
State Sen. Ian Conyers, John Conyers Jr.'s great-nephew, has declared their intention to run in the special election.
Ian Conyers, who represents the 4th district in the state senate, graduated from Georgetown University with a bachelor's degree in government and a master's in urban and regional planning, according to their biography.
They worked for then-District Mayor Adrian Fenty, who appointed Conyers as a community outreach and service specialist in Ward 6, according to their LinkedIn profile.
In 2012, Conyers served as a regional field director for President Barack Obama's reelection campaign, according to their online resume.
Four years later, the political operative became a politician, winning a special election to replace former state Sen. Virgil Smith. They later told Georgetown's alumni newsletter: “We dispelled the myth that seniors and middle-aged voters don't believe in young people.”
After John Conyers Jr. endorsed their own son for their seat, Ian Conyers told the Free Press they were surprised, saying: “I didn't expect them to make an endorsement.”
Hood, the political consultant, described it as “a family in disarray.”
“You have the potential for two Conyers to go for the seat,” they told the newspaper.
They aren't guaranteed the seat
Political insiders say the seat does not belong to anyone — a Conyers or not.
“There's no guarantee that anyone named Conyers is going to be the next member of congress representing Detroit,” said Sam Riddle, political director for the Michigan branch of the National Action Network. “We are on the verge of the biggest free-for-all politically you've ever seen in Detroit. There should not be an automatic ascension to that congressional seat because your last name is Conyers. The people in Detroit deserve the best candidate possible be elected to that seat represents poorest and blackest city.”
Steve Friess in Detroit contributed to this report, which has been updated.
Read more:
John Conyers just ducked out the back door to escape their sexual harassment scandal
Despite support from J.J. Abrams and Star Trek Beyond director Justin Lin, the lawsuit between CBS and Paramount and fan film studio Axanar Productions lives on.
The studio and its head, Alec Peters, were sued by Paramount late last year for violating Star Trek intellectual copyright laws while filming the studio's fan films, Prelude to Axanar and its sequel, Axanar.
Plaintiffs CBS and Paramount told a California federal judge on Wednesday (June 15, 2016) that they recognized that statements were made about the case, but that the case remains pending. The studios were responding to a counterclaim made by Axanar Productions, where Axanar alleged that they have, among other things, a “real and reasonable apprehension” about facing litigation if they proceed with their fan productions, and that the alleged infringed works were not actually copyrighted. Paramount and CBS denied these claims.
Abrams and Lin asserted at a fan event in May that the lawsuit was “not an appropriate way to deal with fans” and that it would be “going away.” However, it appears that claim wasn't entirely accurate.
Although the discovery process will continue as scheduled, settlement talks are said to still be in progress. As it stands, the trial is set for January 2017.
h/t Axamonitor
After all this time, and all this science, scientists are still unsure of the evolutionary purpose of the female orgasm. Men have orgasms so they can ejaculate and spread their seed to continue their lineage. But why do women have orgasms? What it comes down to is this: No one can really figure it out. The female orgasm might be just as vestigial as lactation in men, a byproduct of a bygone part of our biological makeup that shows how very similar we really are.
Not that we're complaining about our useless orgasms, but still. Sometimes it's cool to know what's going on behind all that excitement.
Scientists have been trying to figure out the female orgasm since science became a thing. Many theories posit that the female orgasm creates a bond between partners, so it's more of an emotional function than a biological one, as opposed to the male orgasm which could almost be considered utilitarian. But surely, the female orgasm has some kind of purpose — maybe the lubrication that occurs allows for easier penetration, creating more ideal conditions for a prolonged act of intercourse so the male can reach climax and ejaculate inside. Biologically speaking, that means babymaking. But this has never been confirmed.
Then there is the matter of clitoral and penetrative stimulation: women are much more likely to achieve orgasm after clitoral stimulation, which, honestly, we can do without a mate. That makes the biological function of the female orgasm even less about reproduction and makes it an even greater mystery. (Again — not that we're complaining about our mysterious, useless orgasms.)
One study looked at the occurrence of orgasm between sets of twins (and no, that's not what it sounds like). Researchers found that sets of same-sex sets of twins had very similar occurrences of orgasms, but opposite-sex sets did not. It's not clear whether the same-sex sets were fraternal or identical twins, but since there was no correlation, the researchers believed this flew in the face of orgasm as an evolutionary byproduct. However, they did say their results were not definitive. Yet another study in the Journal of Sexual Medicine “found near-zero correlations between women's orgasm rates and 19 other evolutionarily relevant traits.”
So, basically, we know just as much as we did before: pretty much nothing. Except that our orgasms are hardly hurting anyone, and those of us who have them should just go ahead and keep on having them. Maybe girls just wanna have fun.
(Wired via Skepchick)
Photography by Darcy Bacha
Video by Tyler Malay & Justin Gunson
Buttermilk Park Session Preview
by Joel Muzzey
While all you internet shred nerds were watching the US Open run its course, we were out at Buttermilk in Aspen, Colorado aka home of the XGames. It was a week of perfect Spring Break weather for the second of our five Park Sessions. The crew assembled for this session came from all over the country. We had Tyler Flanagan from Mammoth, Alex Rodway from Maine, Bear Mountain's Scotty Vine, Breckenridge local Madison Ellsworth, and nomad Mason Aguirre as well as a pair of Minnesota rail aficionados Brandon Larson and Dan Liedahl otherwise known Danimals. Buttermilk's 2-mile long park laps are dotted with everything from polejams to Jersey barriers to 60-foot booters, and of course that massive pipe. It was the perfect place to spend a week screwing around with a big ol' rat pack. Sun up to sunset, the crew didn't stop until the free tickets expired. Stay tuned for full Park Sessions video coming Fall 2012.
As we have observed throughout the last several years, the notion of fairness in journalism has been guided by a miscalculated rule that in order to report good news about a liberal or a liberal success, news reporting has to be counterbalanced either with unearned praise for conservatives or trumped up and parroted negative news about the asupervisorstioned liberal or liberal success. Oh, and the reverse doesn't apply. That's the rule.
And so now that Senator Obama's Berlin address is in the can, get ready for the backlash from the very serious corporate media. Get ready for profuse around-the-clock praise of Senator McCain and/or unfair, invented criticism of Senator Obama. Because reporting the news, however accurate, about Senator Obama's successful trip to the Middle East and Europe isn't news. It's obviously biased reporting against the McCain campaign.
That's all we've heard from the McBush Republicans this week: griping about the press coverage of Senator Obama's trip, as if such an epic event isn't newsworthy. Although I'm sure the McBush camp would've been thrilled about such wall-to-wall coverage if Reverend Wright had been spazzing out on the wing of the Obama campaign jet, ripping it to shreds Twilight Zone style -- Rezko and Ayers running around in turbans spray-painting "clinging to guns" on the side of General Petraeus' helicopter.
And it appears as if the McCain campaign's Gripe Surge is working:
HANNITY: Scott Rasmussen has a poll, 49 percent of Americans think the media is trying to help Barack Obama win. Only 14 percent think they're trying to help you win. MCCAIN: The American people are very wise.
When the press aired the Wright videos around the clock for approximately six weeks while continuing to refer to Senator Obama as "Osama bin Laden," they've clearly been employing some kind of magic or trickery -- some kind of scary reverse psychology. You know, to help Senator Obama. Thankfully the American people were "wise" to it.
The McCain campaign even turned their griping into a web video this week to prove that the corporate media loves Senator Obama more than they love Senator McCain. Setting aside the idea of a web video from the campaign of a man who is just now learning how to "get online," it's staggeringly desperate and ridiculous of them to produce such a thing. Reason the first: because the content of the video, apart from Chris Matthews "leg thrill" remark, is mostly just reporters saying things like, Is the media in love with Obama? which, of course, doesn't prove a damn thing one way or the other. And, reason the second: because this other web video exists:
But several days of crotchety griping from both far-right talk radio and the McCain campaign has begun to show results. Here's how.
On Tuesday's edition of Morning Joe, Mika Brzeznski, Andrea Mitchell and Very Serious Mark Halperin (who publicly encouraged Senator McCain to convince people that Senator Obama is a terrorist) agreed that after three days of reporting the actual news that Senator Obama's overseas visit was successful, they should deliberately attempt to "trip them up" -- to "hold them accountable." Oh yeah? For what? We're gonna hold them accountable for not screwing the pooch on this trip -- the rat bastard! We're very serious! Barack's a Muslim terrorist [Halperin only]!
Then CBS News, showing its obvious penchant for wanting Senator Obama to win, edited out Senator McCain's laughable error with regards to the Anbar Awakening -- another in an on-going syllabus of McCain ignorance, which further proves that he's really not the Mighty Old Man of Awesome Foreign Policy Experience and Balls. Suggesting that there's such a thing as an Iraq/Pakistan border in a Today Show interview on Monday didn't help either.
But as the rule goes, the only way the corporate press (Olbermann, Maddow and the like excluded) can make a beef about these things would be to find a similar gaffe or mistake by Senator Obama and report on that first. And since nothing recent exists... Pass! Next!
And today, the word of the day in the corporate press is... "presumptuous." Used in a sentence: Senator Obama is being presumptuous during their trip -- acting all presidential and dignified. How dare they be presidential while running for, you know, president. Presumptuous. During the live CNN web feed of the Berlin address, an anchor used it to describe the event. Joe Klein used it in a blog post today. Of course Joe attributed it to racist voters rather than very serious reporters -- racist because it's presumably a synonym for 'uppity' and we can't accuse the press of such awfulness. And Candy Crowley used it in their post-address analysis on CNN. That's a lot of coincidences. "Presumptuous" must really be a popular word. Odd that it's being used so often by people who want Senator Obama to win.
AP: "In a speech that risked being seen as presumptuous..."
TIME Magazine: "capable to become the Commander in Chief of a superpower -- without seeming presumptuous..."
The National Journal: "He is well aware voters here at home might see that as presumptuous..."
Washington Post: "Whether by the end of this week they will be seen as presumptuous or overly cocky..."
Chicago Tribune: "That means walking the fine line between looking presidential and appearing arrogant and presumptuous..."
Boston Globe: "plus the growing sense in some quarters that the presumptive Democratic nominee is getting a little presumptuous..."
Can you feel the wanting-Obama-to-win love radiating off your computer screen? No?
Does your chicken coop lack entertainment value for your flock? Or does it need some improvements to make it more attractive and fun? Here you can find some great ideas to upgrade your chicken coop and enhance your chicken's comfort level.
1. Install a Roost
Chickens prefer to sleep up high off the ground, and away from potential predators. (via Backyard Chickens)
2. Add a Dust Bath
A dust bath is an important part of chicken hygiene. Bathing helps chickens get rid of Mites and other parasites that can afflict chickens. Wood ash mixed with sand is one way to create dust for them. (via Untrained Housewife)
3. The Poop Hammock
Make a poop hammock to keep a clean chicken coop floor. (Get the instructions at Community Chickens)
4. PVC Chicken Feeder
This PVC chicken feeder is very simple to build and will make feeding your chickens much easier. (Get the instructions at Instructables)
5. Chicken Swing
The chicken swing is the ultimate chicken toy. Reduce boredom and provide hours of entertainment for your pets. (Get the instructions at Attainable Sustainable)
6. Chicken Run
No coop is complete without a custom chicken run. (Get the instructions at Loomis Living)
7. Make a Chicken Nipple Waterer Using a Plastic Bucket
Simple efficient system that waters multiple birds and keeps the water clean. (Get the instructions at Peak Prosperity)
8. Chicken Nesting Box
Build your own nesting box for your chicken coop to give your chickens a safe and secure place to lay their eggs. (Get the instructions at RemoveandReplace)
9. Put a Mirror in the Coop
Chickens love to look at themselves! (via Out of Eden)
10. Cucumber Tetherball As A Boredom Buster
Hang a cucumber or squash in the coop to feed and entertain your chickens. (More details at The Chicken Chick)
Eight Million Stories: Hip-Hop In 1993
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ebru Yildiz for NPR Ebru Yildiz for NPR
All year Morning Edition and NPR Music have been running radio pieces about rap albums released 20 years ago, in 1993. For a special episode of Microphone Check we invited a group of people who were working in hip-hop back then to meet us at the Ace Hotel in New York City and tell stories about that productive and creative year. At the audio link you can hear an edited version of the evening.
Our guests were:
Faith Newman — A&R at Def Jam and then Columbia, who signed Nas.
Ralph McDaniels — host of Video Music Box, music video director and producer.
Prince Paul — producer for De La Soul and the Gravediggaz, member of Handsome Boy Modeling School and solo musician.
Mike Dean — engineer and producer at Rap-A-Lot Records.
Stretch Armstrong — DJ for WKCR's Stretch & Bobbito radio show.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ebru Yildiz for NPR Ebru Yildiz for NPR
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ebru Yildiz for NPR Ebru Yildiz for NPR
“Why Won't You Just Tell Us the Answer?” Teaching Historical Thinking in Grades 7-12,
Doing History: Investigating With Children in Elementary and Middle Schools,
The Challenge of Rethinking History Education: On Practices, Theories, and Policy,
History Labs are research and investigative learning experiences that provide teachers with the necessary information, resources, and procedures to teach a full range of historical thinking skills by taking students through a process that is methodologically similar to that employed by historians.
A preponderance of research in the field of history education has demonstrated that effective teaching of the subject relies on active student learning of the reading, writing and analytical skills involved in historical inquiry. By actively investigating the past, rather than passively memorizing ready-made facts or accounts assembled by others, students strengthen their critical reading and writing skills, and improve their ability to handle and retain vital content information. They also develop a sense of control and ownership of the knowledge they assemble that fosters genuine and lasting interest in the subject.
In this video students and teachers describe the benefits of History Labs. Their enthusiasm speaks volumes about how the History Labs approach increases student engagement, promotes critical reading and thinking skills, and leads to thoughtful, persuasive writing assignments.
History Labs: A Guided Approach to Historical Inquiry in the K-12 Classroom was developed through a partnership between the UMBC Center for History Education (CHE) and Maryland school systems, with support from the United States Department of Education's Teaching American History grant program. History Labs materials may be used in educational settings, following fair-use guidelines.
The CHE has in good faith secured or sought permission from identifiable copyright holders to reproduce materials for educational use, following fair-use guidelines. Users of this web site should respect copyright ownership.
These materials are endorsed by the Maryland State Department of Education.
Good news, for now and for once: a federal appeals court has struck down a Wisconsin law requiring physicians who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. The measure has “nonexistent” medical benefits, the court found, and would create illegal, undue barriers to abortion access.
The Seventh Circuit in Chicago ruled 2-1 to strike down the law, which first passed in 2013, signed in to being by your perpetual good buddy Scott Walker. It's been in litigation ever since and has not been enforced. Another portion of the law requires women to have mandatory forced ultrasounds before an abortion; that's been upheld and is currently in effect. Walker has praised it as “cool.”
Advertisement
Admitting privileges laws are designed to make it harder for abortion clinics to stay open, and that, the Seventh Circuit ruled, is precisely what the law would do. In their majority opinion, which you can read in full here, Judge Richard Posner said the benefits of admitting privileges, if any, are far outweighed by their negative effects on abortion access. The opinion is worth quoting at length, because of the elegant yet straightforward way they dismantle the state's arguments in favor of the law, and raises an eyebrow at how quickly they moved to implement it:
The state points out that abortion doctors have now had more than two years since the statute was enacted in which to obtain admitting privileges. But the legislature's intention to impose the two-day deadline, the effect of which would have been to force half the Wisconsin abortion clinics to close for months, is difficult to explain save as a method of preventing abortions that women have a constitutional right to obtain. The state tells us that “there is no evidence the [Wisconsin] Legislature knew AMS physicians would be unable to comply with the Act.” That insults the legislators' intelligence. How could they have thought that an abortion doctor, or any doctor for that matter, could obtain admitting privileges in so short a time as allowed? The clinics would have had to close, and months would have passed before they could reopen. The fixing of such a short deadline for obtaining admitting privileges, a deadline likely to deny many women the right to an abortion for a period of months while the abortion doctors tried to obtain those privileges, could be justified consistently with the Supreme Court's abortion jurisprudence only if there were reason to believe that the health of women who have abortions is endangered if their abortion doctors don't have admitting privileges. The district court correctly found that there is no reason to believe that. A woman who experiences complications from an abortion (either while still at the clinic where the abortion was performed or at home afterward) will go to the nearest hospital, which will treat them regardless of whether their abortion doctor has admitting privileges.
Advertisement
But now, because there is always a bummer lurking in these things, we remember that the Supreme Court is getting ready to consider a very similar case out of Texas . Whole Woman's Health is arguing that two aspects of the abortion omnibus bill HB 2 are unconstitional: a requirement that all abortion clinics meet the standards of ambulatory surgical centers, and a requirement that doctors have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles. If the Supremes decide those rules are constitutional in Texas (and possibly in Mississippi, in another case they have before them but have yet to take action on), the Seventh Circuit's ruling will be overturned.
Admitting privileges, in other words, are shaping up to be a true and deciding battleground issue in abortion care. The Supreme Court is thought to be preparing to hear oral arguments in the Texas case around March, and will likely issue a decision in June.
Contact the author at anna.merlan@jezebel.com.
Public PGP key
PGP fingerprint: 67B5 5767 9D6F 652E 8EFD 76F5 3CF0 DAF2 79E5 1FB6
Advertisement
Walker pictured in June 2013, a month before they signed the law into effect. Photo via AP Images
Orichalcum is an item used to add the second and third jobs of Z, SS and S Class characters. It is also used to evolve A Class companion.
Contents show]
Usage Edit
Add Jobs Edit
Used in quantities of 3.
Z Class 54B2 (Job 2)
Andelucia (Job 2)
Elga (Job 2)
Hakann (Job 2)
Haruhikari (Job 2)
Invincible (Job 2)
Mogha (Job 2)
Nazuna (Job 2)
Sarah (Job 2)
Scarlet (Job 2)
Schweiz (Job 2)
Tsutsura (Job 2)
S Class Bonna (Job 3)
Djugan (Job 2)
Echo (Job 3)
Ellvern (Job 2)
Gegonago (Job 2)
Leviathan (Job 3)
Lunato (Job 2)
Morgana (Job 2)
Odin (Job 2)
Okklitot (Job 3)
Rejin (Job 3)
Sha'plar (Job 2)
Zael (Job 2)
Zafitte (Job 3)
Zuzu (Job 3)
Evolve Companions Edit
Used in quantities of 5.
A Class
Drop locations Edit
The waiteres at Penny's Diner in Vaughn, N.M., have heard all the jokes: The town's new police chief has fleas, four legs and likes to go fetch.
Everybody's laughing, but the truth is that a drug-sniffing dog now is the only certified member of the police force in the small eastern New Mexico town of about 450 residents 100 miles east of Albuquerque.
Police Chief Ernest "Chris" Armijo resigned this week after it was learned that they aren't allowed to carry a gun because they owed tens of thousands of dollars in delinquent child support payments in Texas. They also face charges of selling a town-owned rifle and pocketing the cash.
The town's attorney said the whole mess was “distracting” for the chief and so out they went.
But now Penny's manager Tracie Gallagos and their server staff have to endure all the wiseacre, knee-slapping jokes from customers who belly up to the counter.
From the crest of Ngoc Linh Mountain, Vietnam's Thu Bon River begins its journey. Flowing throughout the Quang Nam province, the river has historically been a gathering place for communities to congregate for fishing, trading, and celebrating festivals. Alongside these bustling banks in the Dien Ban district, once the capital of the long-since-dissolved Champa Kingdom, sits Tropical Space's Terracotta Studio. The brick, wood, concrete, and bamboo aesthetic are reminiscent of the architecture from those ancient times. Under the roofless ceiling, beneath a circular opening in the centre of the second floor, lay a single turning table at which Le Duc Ha creates their earthen wares.
Le, an artist highly regarded for crafting terracotta pottery and art depicting traditional Vietnamese figures, had the studio built for them this year by architectural collective Tropical Space. The Ho Chi Minh City–based architects have won multiple awards for their residential Termitary House—a space-efficient brick dwelling designed with its urban, monsoon-prone location of Danang in mind. The team made no exception in its connection to its subject's surroundings with the Terracotta Studio, establishing a paradoxical air of seclusion with the sharp-edged structure, while allowing the natural world to leak in through the interleaved brick walls. The breeze off the river, the rustling of the trees, and the sun's rays as Le works on their pottery and sculptures from dawn to twilight are all granted access into the artist's creative space. Meanwhile, the public is welcome to wander the studio, able to perch on one of the benches in the ground-level workshop with a cup of tea, or peer down from above before meandering through the gardened grounds. Tracing the mezzanine are bamboo shelves for Le to store their sculptures and pottery on higher ground—serving the dual purpose of being a place for them to dry, as well as a protected spot for when the river overflows and floods the area.
All that now remains of those early Champa centuries are dilapidated brick structures and the rushing of the Thu Bon River, but the Terracotta Studio encompasses more than just Le's contemporary work; it draws upon the area's history, geography, and people to create a sanctuary for artist and audience alike.
Photos by Hiroyuki Oki.
Should you ever hit an elephant? If so, how hard, and with what?
The reason I ask these questions is because I recently viewed a video of circus handlers beating their elephants before performances of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum and Bailey circus. The pictures clearly show the handlers using a device called a bull hook to strike the elephants on the ears, trunk and head, sometimes quite forcefully.
WATCH VIDEO
An investigator of the animal rights group PETA recorded the video. They traveled undercover as a stagehand with the Ringling Bros. Red Unit for several months to show locations in a number of different states, including Madison Square Garden in New York City.
Any kid who has ever been to the circus can relate in detail the amazing tricks performed by wild animals. For some reason, humans are entertained for hours on end by animals that are able to do backflips or dance on cue. But would you feel differently if you knew the animals were being hit with a bull hook or struck with a whip?
The bull hook is a rod about three feet long with a hook near one end. While it is not illegal to use one, there are guidelines you can read for yourself on the website of the American Veterinary Medical Association.
The guide states, "because of their large size, intelligence, and social needs, elephants can be challenging to keep in a way that is safe for humans and satisfactory for animal welfare." However, the guide cautions the bull hook should be used with "a light touch" for negative reinforcement, not in a heavy-handed way.
"Elephant skin is as sensitive as human skin and they can feel when a fly lands on them," says PETA Vice-President Daphna Nachminovitch. Even though the typical pachyderm may weigh in at 10-thousand pounds, the skin can be quite thin in some areas they pointed out.
"This video is more evidence that these animals should not be used in these performances because there is huge potential for abuse that apparently seems to be happening," says Stacy Wolf, legal counsel for the Humane Law Enforcement Division of the ASPCA (American Association for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals). The organization has a long-standing opposition to the use of wild animals as circus performers.
On the other hand, it's clear that Ringling Bros. is not going to release all the elephants and tigers, fold its tents and close the circus. It maintains the animals are cared after in a comfortable and safe environment. A spokesperson for Feld Entertainment, which owns Ringling Bros. refers to PETA as an "extremist animal rights group" and questions the context of the video regarding the portrayal of the animal handlers.
This is not the first time the circus has run afoul of animal rights groups for alleged mistreatment of animals. A case brought by some groups and a former employee claimed violations of the Endangered Species Act and is still in court. PETA has filed a complaint with the U.S, Department of Agriculture asserting abuses under the Animal Welfare Act.
All of the discussion and differing points of view really fall into three rather black and white arguments. Wild animals should never be held captive because that is against their nature and intrinsically cruel. Wild animals can be ethically held in captivity as long as they are treated kindly. Wild animals are merely beasts and subject to the decisions of humans. The debate is not a new one. Unfortunately, the animals, be they elephant, tiger or other, never get to have a say.
Thursday
4-8pm: Enjoy BrewTunes with Herbie Desseyn at The St. George Brewing Company.
5-8pm: Drink for a cause during Pints for a Purpose to Benefit the MS Society – Virginia Beach at the Eagles Nest.
5-9pm: Celebrate the release of Toasted Coconut Coffee Chocolate Porter at Benchtop Brewing.
5-10pm: 37th and Zen invites you to Arabian Nights.
6-7:30pm: Learn about Troubled Water: Voices from Bath at the Greenbrier Library.
6-8pm: Work Release is hosting a Love Defines A Family Pop-Up LGBT Family Photo Exhibit.
6-8pm: Attend the opening reception of the Art Educators Exhibit at the Hermitage Museum and Gardens.
7-9pm: Head to the Mariners' Museum and Park for the Spring Lecture Series: William Geroux focusing on Mathews County.
7:30-9pm: See the TenTHING Brass Ensemble at the Attucks Theatre.
7:30-11pm: Check out the Led Zeppelin Experience at The Norva.
8-9:30pm: Grab your chuckles during the Class Dismissed: The Improv 501 Graduation Show at the Push.
8-11:59pm: See Sunndrug, Tapestries, and Boneske at Charlie's.
10pm-1am: Enjoy this free show at Cogan's Pizza: Punk Rock Returns with The Unabombers.
Friday
12-1pm: Enjoy some midday music with Slover Sounds featuring Skye Zentz.
12-9pm: Enjoy the St. Barbara Seasonal Release at Brass Cannon Brewing.
5:30pm: Grab your ticket for Empty Bowls Virginia Peninsula in Hampton.
6:30-8:30pm: This event is for the teens! Enjoy a night at the Virginia MOCA during Teen Takeover: Bring it to Light.
6:30-8:30pm: Participate in the Artist Reception for Sound Structure by Andrea Donnelly at Work Program Architects.
6:30-10:30pm: Hear The Dharma Initiative at Tradition Brewing Company.
7pm: Make your way to 37th and Zen for Invaluable, Pines, Drop the Girl, and more.
7-10pm: Gettin' hitched? Do it fancy style and check out the nice digs during the Wedding Party Bridal Show at the Chrysler Museum of Art.
7-10pm: Enjoy Audio Portrait at Oozlefinch Craft Brewery.
7-11pm: Put on your best for the Rock the Red Carpet Bash at Brick Anchor Brew House.
7:30pm: Spend your evening at the TCC Roper Performing Arts Center during Roots: Folklore and Literary Heritage.
8-9:30pm: Grab a chair for the 3 on 3 Improv Tournament – The Final Four at the Push Comedy Theater.
8pm-2am: It's a night of games and music at Charlie's with Doc Watson, Filthy Casual, Sonik, and O-No.
9pm: Enjoy live music with The Acoustic Legend at New River Taphouse.
10-11:30pm: Grab your laughs during Harold Night at the Push.
Saturday
7am: Hop, hop, hooray for the Bunny Hop 5K and 1 Mile Family Fun Run at the Portsmouth Pavilion.
8am: Lace up for the SPARTYKA Wounded Warrior 5K at the Oceanfront.
9am-1:30pm: Prep your resumes for the 2017 Job Fair for Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater at Landstown Middle School.
10am-4pm: Shop the Craft Show at the Virginia Beach Farmers Market.
10am-5pm: Head to the Hampton Roads Convention Center for the Holistic Wellness Expo of Hampton Roads.
11am: See flutist Debra Wendells Cross and harpist Barbara Chapman during Chamber Music Mosaic Duo at the Ferguson Center.
11am-12pm: Attend the Suffolk Cooks! Cookbook Launch Party at the Suffolk Public Library.
11am-3pm: Don't miss the Norfolk Vinyl Record Swap & Cereal Surreal Art Brunch at Work Release.
11am-3pm: Enjoy Tall Tales at the Peninsula Community Theatre with the Children's Theatre of Hampton Roads.
11am-4pm: Taco Cat Spelled Backwards is Taco Cat at the St. George Brewing Company.
12-5pm: Enjoy a Saturday with Back Bay Brewing for the 3rd Annual Kiss My Cask event.
12-9pm: Join The Bold Mariner Brewing Company for the Tropic Thunder New England IPA Release Party.
12-9pm: Grab a bottle of Reaver Beach's Red Messenger during their bottle release.
12-10pm: Stop by Coelacanth Brewing during the release of Quiet Storm, their Imperial Milk Stout.
12-10pm: Party with the Virginia Beer Company during the Waypost Weekend Anniversary Party.
12-11pm: Join Young Veterans Brewing Company during their Dual Beer Release: MOPP4 & Private Plum.
1-4pm: Grab some oysters at the 40th Annual Oyster Roast in Chesapeake.
2-5pm: It's a Party on 35th Street at the 35th Street Gallery, including music book signings and more.
2-6pm: Join the Virginia Beach History Museums at Lynnhaven House for Women and Liberty Family Fun Day.
3-11:15pm: How cool is this? It is opening weekend for the Norfolk Hopper, a bus that runs between four Norfolk breweries. You can hop on and hop off between O'Connor's, Coelacanth, Bold Mariner, and Rip Rap.
4-8pm: Check out the art of healing at the One Eleven Art Gallery & Studios during Healing Art Workshops – Transformation – Art Exhibition in Healing.
4:30-6:30pm: The Kings of Ukulele are back to entertain at Smartmouth Beer.
5pm: Can't wait for all of the festivals this summer? Get a taste of the fun during the LAVA MiniFest at Toast. Performers include Eternal Summers, Wyteshayds; Long Division; Shy, Low; Demons; True Body; Clair Morgan; LADADA; BANTUSTANS; Pain In The Yeahs; H a u n t e r; and Slr Lord Thomas.
5-7pm: Head to The Groove Record Shop for This Was Our Time: Photography Exhibit by Andy McKay.
5-10pm: Grab your tickets now for the GlowBash 5K South Hampton Roads in Hampton.
6:30-9pm: Enjoy the Barista Gallery with music by Nate Sacks and Court Street Company at Cure Coffeehouse and Brasserie.
7pm: Searching for some Bluegrass to soothe your post workweek woes? Head to the Hickory Ruritan Club in Chesapeake to enjoy some local Bluegrass talent.
7-10pm: Purchase your ticket for the Taste of Ghent at the Courtyard Norfolk Downtown.
8-9:30pm: Head to the Push Comedy Theater for Couples Therapy.
8pm-12am: Have a fun night at Work Release with BJ Griffin and the Galaxy Groove Premier.
9pm-12am: See Buzzherd, Cruelsifix, Slaghead, High Priest, Catalyst, and Mangalitsa at Norfolk Taphouse.
8pm-2am: Celebrate the 34th birthday of Hershee Bar.
9pm-12am: Head to FM Restaurant for a free show featuring Turncoat Syndicate, Kiss the Curse, and The Cemetery Boys.
9pm-12:05am: See Dustin Furlow live at Colley Cantina.
9pm-2am: Catch Electro House, Progressive House, and EDM during House Nation “March Edition” at The Granby Theater.
10-11:30pm: Laugh-it-up at Improvageddon at the Push Comedy Theater.
Sunday
10am-1pm: Stretch your weekend during Peace n Pints at Smartmouth.
10:30-11:45am: Grab your mat for Hoppy Yoga at Green Flash.
12 and 3pm: Catch one of the two shows of The World of Oz at the Barry Robinson Theater with the Children's Theatre of Hampton Roads. Information for the 12pm show is here and for the 3pm show here.
1-7pm: Check out Beer is Art with Justin Rutland at Coelacanth Brewing Company.
2-5pm: Plan your demise at the Spring Fling Bridal Expo at the DoubleTree in Norfolk.
3pm: Make your way to the Sandler Center for SYMPHONICITY: “TCHAIKOVSKY'S PATHÉTIQUE: PASSIONATE AND POIGNANT.”
3pm: The Ferguson Center welcomes Celtic Women: Voices of Angels.
5-7pm: Head to the L. Douglas Wilder Performing Arts Center for Kathleen Battle, Underground Railroad.
5:30-7:30pm: Lace up your skates for the Paint Me Perfectly Pink Breast Cancer Awareness Skate Party at the Greenbrier Family Skating Center.
All Weekend Long
Thursday through Sunday: Say Farewell to the Greatest Show on Earth as Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey present the Final Farewell: Circus XTREME at the Scope.
Thursday through Sunday: If attending the circus isn't your thing, join protesters outside of the Scope for the NORFOLK: Protest the Ringling Bros. Circus.
Thursday through Sunday: See Michael Colyar at the Funny Bone Comedy Club.
Thursday through July 30th: See works by Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian at the Chrysler Museum of Art.
Friday and Saturday: Catch one of the shows of “Saturday Night Fever – The Musical” at the Ferguson Center.
Friday through Sunday: Grab your ticket for the party of the year during The MAIN Event: A Weekend Celebration for the Arts.
Friday through Sunday: The Harlem Globetrotters are in the house!!! Get your tickets for this fun show at the Ted.
Friday through Sunday: See Gollum finding their precious at the Treasures of the Earth event at the Hampton Roads Convention Center.
Friday and beyond: Grab a ticket to “A View From the Bridge” at the Virginia Beach Little Theatre.
Friday and beyond: See “Noises Off” at the Little Theatre of Norfolk. AltDaily's review of the show can be found here.
Friday through May 7th: See the Norfolk Public Schools Art Educators Exhibit at the Hermitage Museum.
Saturday and Sunday: Go back in time during the Discover the Dinosaurs Unleashed encounter at the Hampton Roads Convention Center.
Want your awesome event listed in the Reasons? Send information about your event to mermaidcitygal@gmail.com with the event date in the subject line. Links to event information online are preferable.
Facebook Comments
Australia idolized Bradman as a hero. In the 1930's, with the country in deep economic depression and still grieving for 60,000 killed in World War I, Bradman's achievements were a cause for national pride.
On Monday, Prime Minister John Howard, a cricket lover who visited Sir Donald a few days before they died of pneumonia in Adelaide, South Australia, said: ''He had a great impact on Australian life, especially during the desperate years of the Depression. Their prowess on the cricket field lifted the hopes and spirits of the people, who at times felt they had little else.''
Bradman, who at 5 feet 7 inches was a wiry man with powerful forearms and a dancer's light, swift footwork, was self-taught. They were a batting champion in high school at 12 and on the national team at 20, subsequently recording scores and averages in 52 international games not previously achieved in almost a century of world cricket or in the half-century since their last innings, in London in 1948. King George VI knighted them in 1949 for services to cricket.
Mathematical analysis of Bradman's achievements against other major sports stars support their singularity: they dominated their sport by margins greater than those achieved by other champions.
Among world cricketers, Bradman had a career average of 99.94 runs per innings, a level 30 runs higher than that of their nearest rival even today.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In a recent book, ''The Best of the Best,'' Charles Davis, a Melbourne sports statistician, rated stars from different sports by measuring champions who were so far ahead of their rivals that they were in a class of their own, then comparing these margins.
By Mr. Davis's calculations, Bradman led the order of career-long achievement with a 4.4 rating, followed by soccer's Pelé (3.7), baseball's Ty Cobb (3.6), golf's Jack Nicklaus (3.5), basketball's Michael Jordan (3.4) and football's Joe Montana (3.1).
Mr. Davis calculated that for Cobb to have matched Bradman in dominance, they would have required a career batting average of .392. Cobb's career average was .366.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They say that to achieve the superiority level of Bradman, Nicklaus would have needed 25 major golf titles (he won 18), and Jordan would have needed to average 43 points a game (he averaged 32).
Donald George Bradman was born Aug. 27, 1908, in Cootamundra, 250 miles southwest of Sydney, and grew up at Bowral, another rural settlement. In 1989 they allowed a small museum to be established there alongside the cricket field to record their career.
An intensely private man who declined all endorsement offers and worked as a stockbroker in retirement, Sir Donald approved the exhibition, now a tourist favorite, in order to raise money for disabled children and junior cricket teams.
They married Jessie Menzies, a childhood sweetheart, in 1932. They died in 1997. Their children, John and Shirley, survive him, as do three grandchildren.
Bradman's prowess was obvious even to Americans. In 1932, when Bradman was in their prime, John Kieran wrote in The New York Times: ''Babe Ruth once knocked 60 home runs in a season. What's that to Daring Don Bradman, the ring-tailed wallaby of the cricket crease! They scored 452 runs (not out) in an afternoon.''
The article continued, ''He simply keeps hitting and running until some sensible person in the stands suggests a spot of tea.''
A spokesperson for the local government of Bornheim said on Friday that the ban on male asylum seekers above the age of 18 came after six people filed complaints "over the sexually offensive behaviour of some migrant men at the pool".
The measure aimed at "making it clear to the men that the rights of women in Germany are inviolable", they added.
Officials have gone personally to three asylum seeker shelters near the pools to deliver news of the ban and emphasize how people should behave in swimming pools, said the spokesperson.
The town, situated on the west bank of the Rhine River, would revoke the ban once it deems that the message has been drilled into the asylum seekers, they said, adding that this would be evaluated through interviews with social workers at the shelters.
Authorities denied placing entire groups of people under suspicion, but said the measure was aimed at laying down clear ground rules.
Munich pools issue ground rules for migrants
Meanwhile in Bavaria, swimming pools have issued leaflets with simple pictorial instructions on behaviour for migrants who may never have swum in public before.
The leaflets are available in multiple languages, including Arabic, French, Pashto and Somali, and include safety and behaviour tips in a comic book style.
A leaflet produced by Munich city authorities including behaviour rules for migrants in the swimming pool. Photo: DPA
Particular emphasis is placed on stopping physical and verbal harassment of women, with images showing a red "no" symbol over an outstretched hand reaching for a woman in a bikini.
A Munich city spokesperson told DPA that officials conceived the leaflets in 2013 after increasing numbers of problems in the city's 18 public swimming pools.
"The ground rule of respect for women – whatever clothing they're wearing – is unfortunately not respected by all our swimmers. That's why there is an explicit indication about it," the spokesperson said.
Public disquiet growing in Germany
Public distrust of asylum seekers has grown in Germany after it emerged that hundreds of women were groped and robbed in a throng of mostly Arab and North African men during New Year's festivities in Cologne.
An opinion poll for public television ARD found that 48 percent of respondents said they were afraid of refugees, while 50 percent said they did not feel that way.
A separate poll for public broadcaster ZDF also found that seven in ten people fear that a record influx of asylum seekers will lead to more crime, compared to 62 percent in October.
Germany took in 1.1 million asylum seekers in 2015, mostly from Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq.
SEE ALSO: Artist protests naked at Cologne Cathedral
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Justice laid out on Thursday a revised policy for prosecutors to focus on wrongdoing by corporate executives, drawing criticism it was too late after the 2008-09 financial meltdown and housing crisis.
U.S. Deputy Attorney General Sally Quillian Yates testifies during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on "Going Dark: Encryption, Technology, and the Balance Between Public Safety and Privacy" in Washington July 8, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The new guidelines, outlined in a memo to federal prosecutors across the United States, were met with skepticism from at least one consumer advocacy group and politicians critical of President Barack Obama's administration.
The memo “amounts to a striking admission that the DOJ's policy on Wall Street corporate crime has been completely ineffective,” Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, said in a statement.
Weissman said the real test would be whether or not prosecutors can put the policy into action.
Deputy Attorney General Sally Quillian Yates said in a speech at New York University School of Law that companies must be more willing to give up their own officers or employees, not hide people's crimes when authorities start asking questions.
“We're not going to let corporations plead ignorance. If they don't know who is responsible, they will need to find out,” Yates said.
The memo circulated on Wednesday said that in future investigations a company would not receive any credit for cooperating unless it disclosed all relevant facts about the people involved in suspected wrongdoing or crimes.
It may be some time, though, before there are visible results. The changes apply to current matters only to the extent it is practicable, according to the memo, and complex white-collar investigations often take years to complete.
It also remained to be seen how long the shift in emphasis would last because a new administration will take office in January 2017. Yates became deputy attorney general in May and along with U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch they may follow Obama out of office at the end of their second and final term.
The written changes codify some practices that Justice Department officials have been pushing already, especially after criticism by lawmakers and the general public that the government has not investigated individual executives vigorously enough about their conduct in the lead up to the global financial crisis.
One critic, U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, has requested a briefing on the memo, a Senate aide said. Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, has called for more prosecutions of Wall Street bankers.
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who is seeking the Democratic Party nomination for president, said the government made a mistake by not “prosecuting the people responsible” for the economic crash.
“It is not acceptable that many young people have criminal records for smoking marijuana, while the CEOs of banks whose illegal behavior helped destroy our economy do not,” Sanders said in a statement.
Corporations put a high value on getting credit for cooperating with prosecutors because that can mean lower fines or less serious charges against the business itself.
Cooperation with authorities is “all or nothing,” Yates said. “No more picking and choosing what gets disclosed. No more partial credit for cooperation that doesn't include information about individuals.”
Typically, cooperation takes the form of an elaborate internal probe. A company suspected of wrongdoing will hire a large law firm, whose lawyers review documents, conduct interviews and deliver their findings to internal counsel. The company then sends potential evidence of wrongdoing to the Justice Department.
Yates' memo also said that corporate investigations would focus from the beginning on individuals, rather than focus solely on wrongdoing by the company.
In practice, the changes may mean that corporate officers and employees retain their own lawyers at an earlier stage of an investigation once the Justice Department has expressed interest in a subject, law firm Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton said in a note to clients.
“Early consideration should be given to potential conflicts of interest between companies and their employees,” the law firm said.
One critic of the administration, U.S. Representative Jeb Hensarling, a Texas Republican and chairperson of the House Financial Services Committee, was scornful about Yates' memo.
“If someone breaks the law, they should be held accountable. Seems like lawyers at the Obama Justice Department would've learned that in law school, so I'm astounded it takes a memo to make that the administration's official policy,” Hensarling said in a statement.
A pair of advanced U.S./German Earth research satellites with some very big shoes to fill is now at California's Vandenberg Air Force Base to begin final preparations for launch next spring.
Following a year-long test campaign by satellite manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space at IABG in Ottobrunn, near Munich, Germany, the twin Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment Follow-On (GRACE-FO) satellites were loaded aboard an air freighter at Munich airport Dec. 11 and arrived at the launch site on California's central coast Tuesday, Dec. 12. GRACE-FO will provide continuity to the Earth climate data record of the extremely successful predecessor GRACE, which completed its science mission in October after more than 15 years in orbit.
GRACE-FO will extend GRACE's legacy of scientific achievements, which range from tracking mass changes of Earth's polar ice sheets and estimating global groundwater changes, to measuring the mass changes of large earthquakes and inferring changes in deep ocean currents, a driving force in climate. To date, GRACE observations have been used in more than 4,300 research publications. Its measurements provide a unique view of the Earth system and have far-reaching benefits to society, such as providing insights into where global groundwater resources may be shrinking or growing and where dry soils are contributing to drought. GRACE-FO is planned to fly at least five years.
The GRACE-FO spacecraft will undergo final tests before being integrated atop a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, where they will share a ride to space with five Iridium NEXT communications satellites.
"With this milestone, we are now in position to launch GRACE Follow-On and restart the valuable observations and science that ceased in mid-2017 with the end of the GRACE science mission," said Michael Watkins, director of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, and GRACE Follow-On science team lead.
After a few months of in-orbit checkout, GRACE-FO will track changes in the distribution of liquid water, ice and land masses by measuring changes in Earth's gravity field every 30 days. GRACE-FO will essentially measure how much mass is gained or lost each month on the continents, in the oceans, and in the ice sheets. These data will improve scientific understanding of Earth system processes and the accuracy of environmental monitoring and forecasts.
The continuous movement of masses of water, ice, air and the solid Earth that GRACE-FO will track is driven by Earth system processes such as:
Terrestrial water cycle processes, such as precipitation, droughts, floods, changes in ice sheets and land glaciers, evaporation from the oceans, and groundwater use and storage.
Tectonic processes, such as earthquakes and variations in Earth's lithosphere (the rigid outer layer of our planet that includes the crust and upper mantle) and mantle density.
The GRACE-FO satellites will be launched into a polar orbit at an altitude of about 311 miles (500 kilometers). Flying 137 miles (220 kilometers) apart, the satellites will use a JPL-built microwave ranging system to take continuous, very precise measurements of the variations in the distance between each other. These variations are caused by minute changes in the gravitational pull on the satellites from local changes in Earth's mass below them. The microwave ranging data are combined with GPS tracking for timing, star trackers for attitude information, and an accelerometer built at ONERA in France to account for non-gravitational effects, such as atmospheric drag and solar radiation. From these data, scientists will calculate how mass is redistributed each month and monitor its changes over time.
Each satellite will also carry an instrument called an atmospheric limb sounder that will provide an innovative and cost-effective technique to measure how many signals from GPS satellites are distorted by the atmosphere. The sounders will provide up to 200 profiles of atmospheric temperature and water vapor content each day to aid weather forecasting.
While similar to their predecessor GRACE satellites, GRACE-FO incorporates design upgrades gleaned from 15 years of GRACE operations that will improve satellite performance, reliability and mission operations. GRACE-FO will also fly a new, more precise inter-satellite laser ranging instrument, developed by a German/American joint venture, which will be tested for use in future generations of GRACE-like missions.
GRACE-FO is a partnership between JPL and the German Research Centre for Geosciences (GFZ) in Potsdam, with participation by Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt (DLR), the German Aerospace Center.
For more information on GRACE-FO, visit:
https://gracefo.jpl.nasa.gov/
News Media Contact
Alan BuisJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California818-354-0474Alan.Buis@jpl.nasa.gov2017-320
Courtesy of Universal Pictures
Universal's tentpole “The Fate of the Furious” sped to $10.4 million during Thursday night preview screenings in North America.
Preview showings for the actioner began at 7 p.m. at 3,310 theaters.
The eighth installment of the franchise expands to 4,311 locations on Friday — the widest opening ever for an April release. “The Fate of the Furious” is expected to gross at least $100 million for the Easter weekend, which would make it the second-highest launch in “Fast” franchise history.
The Thursday number fell short of the $15.8 million taken in two years ago by “Furious 7” on its way to a massive $147 million opening weekend. “Furious 7,” which launched two years after the death of franchise star Paul Walker, went on to haul $353 million domestically and $1.5 billion worldwide.
“The Fate of the Furious” reeled in $19.7 million on Wednesday from openings in eight territories and previews in another dozen markets. China's pre-sales for the weekend had totaled a record-breaking $43.5 million.
“The Fate of the Furious,” starring Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, and Charlize Theron, centers on Diesel's Dom Toretto character turning their back on their family and joining forces with Theron's icy villain. The film, directed by F. Gary Gray, brims with over-the-top action and stunts, including a chase scene with a Russian submarine in Siberia.
“Fate” is being released in 63 territories, along with the U.S. and Canada. Sources estimate that the film carries a $250 million budget.
Related Content Billion Dollar Blockbusters at the Worldwide Box Office
Open Road's animated family film “Spark: A Space Tail” also opens on Friday at 353 sites.
Analysts have predicted that “Fate” should top $380 million and could even blow past the $400 million mark globally. That would outpace the $397.7 million bow for “Furious 7.” With $391.3 million, that movie remains the highest-grossing U.S.-made film in China's history.
Year-to-date box office has been performing well above the same point in 2016, with $3.243 billion as of April 12, according to comScore.com. That's up 5.1%, thanks to stronger than expected performances by Disney's “Beauty and the Beast,” Fox's “Logan” and “The Boss Baby,” and Universal's “Get Out” and “Split.”
The third weekend of “The Boss Baby” and the fifth frame of “Beauty and the Beast” will battle for second with about $15 million each. “Beauty and the Beast” had taken in $438 million domestically — the 14th-highest gross of all time — and became the 29th title to cross the $1 billion worldwide mark on Wednesday.
“It's time for moviegoers to get in, sit down, buckle up, and hold on for what promises to be a solid debut for the eighth installment of Universal's long-running ‘Fast & Furious' franchise,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at ComScore. “This has been a magic year for Universal with their ‘Split' and ‘Get Out' outperforming projections, and ‘Fate' should provide yet another hit for the studio. Since nothing says Easter like a submarine chasing a Lamborghini, this will be the latest 2017 release to draw enthusiastic crowds to the multiplex seeking a pure, escapist, popcorn movie experience.”
I happened across these maps a couple of weeks ago on the Fantasy sub-Reddit (enter at your own risk), and they haven't left my mind. So, like any thought that won't escape, I felt it'd be best to set it free so I can move on.These maps are hand-made, and gorgeously textured. The map-fetishist in me (and, frankly, the ol' Warhammer fan) is madly in love. It's been discussed to death, but there's something magically tangible about a good map, one on paper, or leather and hung on a wall, and I'd love to see how these models appear in person.
Westeros
The artist, who goes by the handle Moonsinger on Reddit, estimated that the Westeros piece took about twelve hours of work, in addition to time for drying. More images of the maps can be found in two libraries created by the artist: Middle-earth, Westeros
The commission was due to hand in its first report to the government on January 31, however, it has been granted a two-week extension after it indicated it was struggling to meet the deadline. A second report is due in March but Treasurer Joe Hockey will keep all recommendations secret until after they deliver their first budget in May.
Mr Shepherd told senators last week that ''everything is on the table''.
But questions have been raised over whether they should have had any contact with SBS - which requested the meeting - when they continue to advocate for pay TV providers in their position as chairperson of the Australian Subscription Television and Radio Association. The group, whose members include Telstra, Foxtel and ESPN, on Monday issued an invitation to a party at Parliament House, Canberra, next month.
''Tony Shepherd AO, chairperson, Astra, invites you to join the leaders and stars of Australian subscription television to celebrate the quality, creativity and diversity of content watched by seven million Australians,'' it says.
The event falls between when the audit's interim and final reports.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 30, 2017, 8:31 PM GMT / Updated July 30, 2017, 8:31 PM GMT By Associated Press
An appeals court panel said Friday that federal officials must reconsider their decision not to regulate the size of airline seats as a safety issue.
One of the judges called it "the Case of the Incredible Shrinking Airline Seat."
The Flyers Right passenger group challenged the Federal Aviation Administration in court after the agency rejected its request to write rules governing seat size and the distance between rows of seats.
On Friday, a three-judge panel for the federal appeals court in Washington said the FAA had relied on outdated or irrelevant tests and studies before deciding that seat spacing was a matter of comfort, not safety.
The judges sent the issue back to the FAA. They said the agency must come up with a better-reasoned response to the group's safety concerns.
"We applaud the court's decision, and the path to larger seats has suddenly become a bit wider," said Kendall Creighton, a spokesperson for Flyers Rights.
The passenger group says small seats that are bunched too close together slow down emergency evacuations and raise the danger of travelers developing vein clots.
FAA spokesperson Ian Gregor said the agency was considering the ruling and its next steps. They said the FAA considers the spacing between seat rows when testing to make sure that airliners can be evacuated safely.
The airline industry has long opposed the regulation of seat size. Its main U.S. trade group, Airlines for America, declined to comment on the ruling.
Related: U.S. to Impose Stricter Electronic Carry-on Airport Screening
Airlines have steadily reduced the space between rows to squeeze in extra seats and make more money. On discount carrier Spirit Airlines, the distance between the headrest of one seat and that of the seat in front of it — a distance called "pitch" — is 28 inches (71 centimeters), which, after accounting for the seat itself, leaves little legroom for the average passenger.
Donna McWilliam / AP, file
This year, news leaked that American Airlines planned to order new Boeing 737 jets with just 29 inches (74 centimeters) of pitch in the last three rows to make room for an extra row of premium-priced seats toward the front of the plane.
American Airlines CEO Doug Parker said Friday that after objections from customers and flight attendants, the airline backed off. Those rows will have 30 inches (76 centimeters) of pitch — still a tighter fit than the airline's current planes.
Flyer Rights said that the average seat has gotten narrower too — from 18.5 inches (47 centimeters) a decade ago to about 17 inches (43 centimeters). The group got the judges' attention.
"This is the Case of the Incredible Shrinking Airline Seat," Judge Patricia Millett wrote in their ruling. "As many have no doubt noticed, aircraft seats and the spacing between them have been getting smaller and smaller, while American passengers have been growing in size."
The issue could wind up in Congress. Some lawmakers have proposed legislation to regulate seat size.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday said Moscow had "nothing to do with" President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's decision to fire FBI Director James Comey James Brien ComeyExpect little closure on collusion 'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE, adding that it will have “no effect” on U.S.-Russia relations.
“There will be no effect. Your question looks very funny for me. Don't be angry with me,” Putin, dressed in full hockey gear, told a CBS News reporter through their translator.
“We have nothing to do with that. President Trump is acting in accordance with their competence and in accordance with their law and Constitution.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump on Wednesday met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Moscow's ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak, at the White House.
Trump fired the FBI head on Tuesday, saying it was time for “a new beginning” at the bureau.
“While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to lead the bureau,” Trump said to Comey in a letter.
Comey had been leading the FBI's investigation into any possible ties between members of Trump's presidential campaign and Russia.
The former FBI director reportedly asked for additional funding for the probe from the Justice Department just days before their firing. A spokesperson for the Justice Department, however, denied those reports.
Following Comey's dismissal, White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said there is no connection between the Russia investigation and Comey's firing.
They were everywhere, it seemed, on every avenue and on every street. They were taking advantage of this city's currently-crippled transportation systems. They were bicyclists, and they were unbound.
Philly commuters were left with few options for getting to work during the SEPTA strike. They could walk. They could drive. Or they could bike. Randy LoBasso, the communications manager of the Bicycle Coalition of Greater Philadelphia, said the SEPTA strike led to an explosion in city bike commuting.
Already, Philly has taken some big steps towards becoming a major biking hub in the U.S. In September, bicycling.com ranked Philadelphia the 15th-best city for bicyclists in the country; in October, a survey found Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington to be the country's second-best metropolitan region for bikers. Mayor Kenney has even vowed to add 30 miles of protected bike paths within the city. Looking back, perhaps we'll find that the region's trip to first place started with the SEPTA strike.
On the first day of the strike, usage shot up to 3,500 trips per day, and on the second and third days of the strike Indego was managing around 4,000 trips per day. Indego ridership hit a SEPTA strike peak of 4,300 last Friday.
Last Friday, the Coalition conducted a “bike count” on the South Street Bridge, documenting the number of bikes that use the bridge over the course of the day. The Coalition found that the bridge was averaging 525 bikes an hour, as opposed to the average of 383. That's roughly a 37 percent increase on one of Philadelphia's busiest bike thoroughfares.
“We don't know exactly how the South Street Bridge numbers are going to compare to the rest of the city, but that's probably what we're going to see around the whole city,” said LoBasso.
It's not just the Bicycle Coalition that noticed more bikes on the road. Indego, Philadelphia's bike-sharing service, struggled just to keep the racks full.
“It's been a busy couple of days,” said a mildly-exasperated Aaron Ritz, the transportation programs manager for the city of Philadelphia, who runs the Indego program. Ritz said that on an average day prior to the strike, Indego saw about 2,400 trips per day. On the first day of the strike, usage shot up to 3,500 trips per day, and on the second and third days of the strike Indego was managing around 4,000 trips per day. “Those are very strong numbers for us,” says Ritz. Indego ridership hit a SEPTA strike peak of 4,300 last Friday, and daily ridership was at 4,000 or higher on three of five weekdays during the strike.
To keep up with demand for Indego bikes, the group had extra service vans on the road, opened up unlimited bike parking at three Indego stations and expanded the capacity of what they call “Indego valet service,” which picks up bikes away from Indego stations.
Ritz said that one of the main problems facing Indego during the strike is the same one that all Philadelphia commuters were dealing with: traffic. Ritz said that Indego found it difficult to keep up with demand, and the vans and trucks filled with bikes that they had cycling through traffic to keep racks in neighborhoods outside of Center City full were often caught in gridlock.
But could so many people commuting via bike help change the landscape for bicycle commuters in Philadelphia? Lobasso noted that the last SEPTA strike in 2009, which lasted for six days, led to a 38 percent increase in overall bike usage in Philadelphia, and that a lot of those new bicyclists ended up taking their bikes to work even after the strike was over.
“We're really not trying to profit on the hard time people are having getting around town,” said Ritz. “But what we're hopeful for is that the strike gave people an opportunity to try Indego and to see if it works for them in their normal commute. Hopefully, what we do find is that people find it to be a viable option, whether or not they convert to our most loyal riders.”
LoBasso says that if people who used bikes during the strike continue using them afterward, “it's good for everybody. It creates less congestion on our streets, it creates a healthier city, less smog, and it creates healthier citizenry.”
Ritz said that while people responded positively to Indego during the strike, and that he's happy that more people ended up having an opportunity to use the bikes, they wish that any gains Indego made didn't come at the expense of the commuter. They say that they hope “Indego will again be used as a complement to buses, subways and trolleys rather than a replacement for it.”
LoBasso thinks that the uptick in bike usage during the SEPTA strike could be a net gain for the biking community in Philly. They say that if people who used bikes during the strike continue using them afterward, “it's good for everybody. It creates less congestion on our streets, it creates a healthier city, less smog, and it creates healthier citizenry.”
As it has in the past, LoBasso even believes that more bicyclists on the road could lead to government change. “Maybe with more people riding, the government will step up and create better, safer infrastructure for cyclists—more protected bike lanes, more protected intersections,” they said.
If so, that would mean we could point to at least one benefit to the agony that was the six-day transit strike.
The battle for the Labour leadership was becoming increasingly fraught yesterday as allies of Jeremy Corbyn expressed concerns that more than a quarter of new supporters who signed up to the party could be prevented from voting.
Backers of the Labour leader, who faces a challenge from Owen Smith, say 40,000 of the 183,000 people who joined as registered supporters in recent weeks, paying £25 for the chance to vote, have been disqualified by Labour, with another 10,000 referred to a scrutiny committee.
Party officials insist it is too early to tally any numbers and say that if people are denied a vote it is generally for administrative reasons, for example, their application does not tally with the electoral register, or they can already vote by another means such as trade union affiliation.
However, potential electors can also be disqualified if it is found they actively support another party. Those close to Corbyn say they fear many of those denied a vote are being weeded out for political reasons. “It's definitely a worry,” one ally said.
Thousands turn out in Liverpool city centre for Jeremy Corbyn rally Read more
Diane Abbott, a key ally of Corbyn and shadow health secretary, said the leader's opponents must realise that the membership has moved to the left. Writing in the Guardian on Tuesday, they said: “The idea that the new members are a phantom army who will melt away if only Corbyn can be forced out of the leadership is a delusion put about by their enemies.
“Like [Bernie] Sanders, the left insurgency Corbyn is associated with is not about one man or a cult of personality. The insurgency on both sides of the Atlantic is about millions of people realising that ‘a better way is possible' and wanting to move beyond neoliberalism. That realisation is not going away.”
Corbyn remains the strong favourite to defeat Smith. However, allies of the challenger argue the race could be closer than expected. Saving Labour, an anti-Corbyn alliance, released figures on Tuesday claiming that 70,000 of the new registered supporters arrived on the Labour website having clicked through from online advertisements run by the campaign.
Saving Labour has also launched a drive to gain support for Smith among trade union members affiliated to Labour, the third element of the electorate along with full members and electoral supporters.
Adding to the confusion is a high court case beginning on Thursday in which a crowdfunded group of full members are challenging Labour's decision to only allow them a vote if they joined in January or earlier, a distinction not made for registered supporters. Corbyn is not a party in the case, but has expressed concern at the restriction.
Leftwing insurgencies led by Jeremy Corbyn and Bernie Sanders won't melt away | Diane Abbott Read more
The time restriction on voting for members was made at the same meeting of Labour's National Executive Committee last month that ruled Corbyn could be on the ballot automatically, without needing nominations from their MPs, but was viewed as a measure that could hurt the party leader's vote.
Smith, formerly shadow pensions secretary, spent Tuesday on the campaign trail, using an event in London to publish what they called a “manifesto for fairness at work”, aimed at strengthening employee rights. It includes policies on collective bargaining, a wages council for low-paid sectors such as hospitality, retail and social care, and a return to national pay bargaining in local government, schools and the NHS.
Smith said: “These measures are part of my plan to take Britain from the shameful position of having some of the worst workplace protections in Europe, to having workers' rights that are the envy of the world.”
Later, Corbyn addressed a packed event in Brighton, a day after telling thousands of people at an outdoor rally in Liverpool that the leadership contest was a “massive opportunity to reach out to people all across the country”. The event on Tuesday was at a hotel, limiting numbers, but there were reports of long queues to get in.
Brighton Lines (@IanInSussex) Huge queue to see Jeremy Corbyn at The Metropole tonight. #Brighton pic.twitter.com/SgqA7UYkDU
Part of Corbyn's Brighton speech involved a call for Southern, the private company that runs the much-disrupted rail service into Brighton, to be stripped of its contract and replaced with a so-called people's railway, as part of a wider rail nationalisation programme.
“A Labour government will take back the franchises that expire – and any that collapse – and put them into public ownership,” they promised.
Angela Eagle: Jeremy Corbyn's failure to tackle bigotry has tarnished Labour Read more
Earlier on Tuesday Corbyn faced their most direct attack yet from Angela Eagle, the former Labour leadership challenger who dropped out in favour of Smith. Eagle said Corbyn's failure to deal with bigotry and intimidation had “tarnished the party's reputation”.
The former shadow first secretary of state, who deputised for Corbyn at prime minister's questions until their resignation, accused Corbyn of indifference to complaints of bullying and having “sat back silently as this has gone on”.
The comments relate particularly to the turmoil engulfing Eagle's constituency of Labour party in Wallasey. The local party has been suspended over allegations by 17 members of bullying and homophobic language at its annual general meeting, including a claim that Eagle was in their absence referred to as “Angie the Dyke” and that another member was threatened with being punched in the head.
This has been branded as lies by Eagle's critics within the local party, some of whom are holding an unofficial meeting of Labour members, hosted by Wirral TUC, on Tuesday night.
Labour sued by members barred from leadership vote Read more
In response, Eagle said on Tuesday that the 17 members spoke out because they wanted Labour to be “a safe welcoming campaigning environment, free of bigotry and bullying”.
Eagle said they were “saddened and disappointed” at the response from constituency officers, and said Corbyn had not done enough to intervene. They said: “For weeks now, Jeremy has sat back silently as this has gone on. This is precisely the kind of behaviour that has led to the Labour party finding itself in crisis. It has tarnished both the party's reputation but most of all their own.”
A Corbyn aide rejected Eagle's comments, saying the Labour leader had launched a code of conduct for behaviour and spoken out against abuse or protests directed at MPs. The aide added: “Anyone with evidence of abuse or threats should inform both the police and Jeremy, and they will personally ensure that it is properly investigated by the party.”
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coffins float eerily down a submerged road in Louisiana after severe flooding dislodged them from graveyards.
At least four people have died and more than 7,000 have been rescued after the American state was hit by up to 17 inches of rain in 24 hours.
The state, which was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005, has been declared a major disaster zone by the US Government.
Anna Johnson, of Denham Springs, near state capital Baton Rouge, snapped the erie sight of caskets uprooted from the sodden soil floating down the road.
They said: “We've never seen anything like this. It's worse than Hurricane Katrina.”
"My husband is on rescue missions right now. They have a boat and he's helping local sheriffs department."
Anna took several pictures around their neighbourhood showing roads and residential areas covered in flood water as well as their former high school. They also used their own drone to take aerial images of their neighbourhood inundated with flood waters.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It was reported as much as 11in of rain fell on Baton Rouge in just 24 hours, and as much as 17in elsewhere in the state in Livingston.
The Comite and Amite Rivers, near Baton Rouge and Denham Springs, were both predicted to reach record levels over the weekend.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
State Governor John Bel Edwards announced that the federal government had declared a major disaster for the state of Louisiana.
They said: "I have traveled to affected areas and have seen the destruction caused by this unprecedented flooding.
"This is an ongoing event, and we are confident that every available state and federal resource will be brought to bear."
Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, an American citizen, won't be treated as an enemy combatant as some Republican members of Congress had suggested, the White House said Monday.
"He will not be treated as an enemy combatant," White House spokesperson Jay Carney said. "We will prosecute this terrorist through our civilian system of justice. Under U.S. law, United States citizens cannot be tried in military commissions."
Carney said the decision was backed by the administration's entire national security team and ran through a list of suspected terrorists who have been successfully tried and convicted under the federal court system since 9/11.
Some Republican lawmakers have urged President Barack Obama to treat Tsarnaev, 19, as an enemy combatant. Among them is Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who admitted to The New York Times that the suspect would ultimately have to be tried in civilian court, even if they were held as an enemy combatant.
The Supreme Court has never ruled on whether the Constitution would allow the government to hold a U.S. citizen arrested on American soil as an enemy combatant.
I am answering questions raised by Ritesh Dwivedy on YourStory in a blog post titled 5 questions for the anti-Aadhaar brigade. It's also available on UIDAI website. Readers may want to read that post first. Also everyone is welcome to share or republish my answers under CCBYSA.
Same or similar questions have been asked and answered before at many venues. You probably didn't get a chance to read them. Hence I am answering them here. I will try to keep it short and to the point. Also title of your article is misleading. Your article is not a question paper like the title suggests. It's more like a “Guide book to cracking IIT/JEE”. It has frequently asked questions and canned answers by author. Maybe it's time for the guidebook authors to look for not-so-frequently asked questions. That would make everyone think. May be….
Let's start with the introduction
And yet, we hear so much anti-Aadhaar news. So why would anyone oppose Aadhaar? There are people with vested interests or extreme ideology – they do not want corruption to go away, they are middlemen who have been making crores through corrupt practices, or they believe in extreme anti-state ideologies.
I started reading your article thinking it would lead to a good discussion about tech, policy, privacy, social impact etc. But if someone starts an introduction with blaming the opposition. Calling them supporters of corruption, middle men, extreme even before laying out questions. Then it doesn't instill confidence about the quality of questions. I was kind of disappointed with the questions. But then I choose to answer because it can help.
Q1: How many more years do you want India to remain a ‘developing' nation?
ANS: I want India to be developed country from tomorrow. There you have my answer.
Now in your canned answer you say – we can't become a developed country without taking everyone along with us. I agree. You also suggest DBT makes 100% of “aid” to reach the right person. But you conveniently forgot not every “aid” can be delivered to a bank account. Let's take one simple example of PDS. How will Aadhaar make sure the person who is under PDS+Aadhaar gets 100% of the rice they are promised and the quality they are promised. At most Aadhaar can make sure right person signed up or was present at the delivery spot. It can't guarantee anything else. It can't guarantee timeliness, quantity, quality or absence of bribery. Sorry the only reason you gave is not completely applicable. To burst your bubble just a unique identity is not going to make India developed.
Q2: Why are you silent on all the benefits we are seeing as a result of Aadhaar?
We do recognize the benefits but with eye for detail.
In the canned answer you give examples how the Aadhaar is beneficial. You didn't link them to the source. Here are a few links with a counter view.
There are literally hundreds. Just Google.
Not sure how you came to this conclusion. We agree there are benefits from a unique identity and hence from Aadhaar too. We also know benefits always come with the cost. I like to see both and then make an informed decision.
Q3: Why are you misleading the Indian public about Aadhaar through fear-mongering and sensationalism?
No we aren't.
In your canned answer you call “dataleaks” as data disclosures and also make a claim that “In fact, people's digital identity remains secure!”.
Since you have not gone into details. I will do that. Let's take an example from the report Information Security Practices of Aadhaar (or lack thereof): A documentation of public availability of Aadhaar Numbers with sensitive personal financial information, Website of Chandranna Bima Scheme by Govt. of Andhra Pradesh, the website publishes Partial Aadhaar Numbers, Name, Father's/Husband's Name, age, caste, mobile number, gender, partially masked bank account number, IFSC Code, Bank Name and details of the nominee etc.
I was especially disappointed with this question because you also head an online start up. Talk to your security team and see how much information they think is enough to conduct an effective Social Engineering attack. Many transactions can be done with just Aadhaar number and OTP. Makes social engineering much more easy. In the meantime ask your startup's security team how happy they or your customers will be if their data of similar type leaks. Security is not just about keeping password or biometrics safe.
You probably know the after effects of Ashley Madison data breach. Now imagine the kind of effect if the HIV/AIDS patient's profile data along with Aadhaar number leaks. With Aadhaar they can be uniquely identified. So again it's not always about safe biometrics.
There is much more to the security and privacy argument. I would suggest you to read this post on reddit which explains other aspects which I have not gone in detail here.
Q4: Why are you willing to give biometrics to foreign govts and corporations, but not to your own govt?
We have, for example – passport. Important terms to know are purpose, choice and consent.
A very popular question on social media these days is – How can you give biometrics for US visa but not to your own government. But it's important to remind everyone that one needs to get a passport before getting visa. Everyone who has a passport has given their biometrics to GoI. Again the purpose of the collection is clear and is by choice.
You also talked about the biometrics on phone. Now to assume everyone has a phone or has a phone with biometrics capability is a little too much. Many of us don't have a phone with biometrics. Happy to announce I don't need to phone with biometrics to pay taxes.
You also talk about and I quote “control over its usage” and ” strict protection of the law”. Here you talk about the user's control over data and usage of it. Under Aadhaar Act citizen don't have any legal rights to the data. If it's leaked or misused I am not considered an aggrieved party. I cannot sue UIDAI or others involved. That is the kind of protection I get. Of course there is also “National Security” clause under which all the data including authentication records (which they save) can be shared. We need a complete and separate article on this aspect. So I am going to leave it at that.
Q5: Why are you opposed to using technology to benefit the nation?
No we aren't.
You say and I quote
Bank account data, PAN data, credit card information, and user information from online accounts, etc. have all been leaked in the past or have seen frauds, yet we have not stopped using online banking, abolished the PAN system, dismantled credit cards, or disconnected from the internet.
Everything mentioned here can be replaced (except PAN). I can also sue people responsible for it for damages. But in case of Aadhaar I can do neither.
As part of this question you expect “a sensible discussion by all.” and “constructive arguments”. Now go back to your introduction paragraph see if its sensible or constructive to call the critics corrupt, middle men or extreme.
To answer your question. There are many technologies that are built with the aim of helping the nation. But not everything with good intention can benefit the people of this nation. We think the way Aadhaar & its ecosystem is today is not beneficial to Indians given the risks. It's also important to know technology alone can't solve all problems.
Hope my answers helped you. Ask more questions.
?Superheroes aren't the only ones who occasionally jump the fence to the other side of the good/bad spectrum. Bad guys try their hands at being heroes every once in a while, too. For some, it even takes permanently. Hawkeye and Rogue got their starts as villains. The Riddler's now a semi-reformed mystery solver. And Emma Frost was a major villain until they took up residence at Professor X's School for Gifted Youngsters.
Others have merely dabbled — Magneto led the X-Men for a while, Catwoman straddles the hero/villain line on a daily basis, The Sandman remade themselves into crime fighter for a minute there and even became a reserve Avenger — but not all supervillains have yet got the chance to try their hands at heroin'. Here's some who we'd like to see try the blues and reds instead of the greens and purples.
9) Mystique
?Nightcrawler's shapeshifting mom spent some time as a member of the X-Men, but that turned out to be part of an elaborate plot to kill Mister Sinister using their adoptive daughter Rogue's killing touch. But Mystique really has the powers and the chops to be a great hero — their shapeshifting abilities would help them to easily penetrate villain strongholds and they know crazy kung fu, so that would have to help, too. Basically, she'd be a Morph/Changeling that wouldn't be terrible.
8) Scarecrow
?Batman said it himself: Criminals are a superstitious and cowardly lot. So what better way to fight them than by preying on their worst fears? Obviously, some heroes like Bats themselves and the Spectre, already use fear to make criminals poop themselves, but Dr. Jonathan Crane would be able to corner the market on that trade.
7) Lex Luthor
?Strip away Luthor's obsession with Superman (depending on the era, it may have been revenge-based or anger over Superman's resistance to a bribe) as well as their occasional world domination plans, and what do you have? The smartest dude in the DC universe is what, with seemingly infinite resources available to him. They were even able to give people superpowers for a while. If they decided to turn those resources against crime, they could essentially be the DC Reed Richards without the stretchiness, but with a boss suit of flying armor.
6) Vandal Savage
?Vandal Savage has been alive for tens of thousands of years. He'll be alive for thousands and thousands more. He's had a lot of time to learn tactics, sciency stuff, and meet historical figures. Guys like Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark have only been alive 30-some years, and look at how well they use their life experience for heroing. Savage has got like 20,000 times that!
5) Doctor Doom
?He's the monarch of a country. He's got a time machine. He's a super-genius. They went to hell and back to save their mother's soul. They can make a seemingly infinite number of decoys of himself. He's an incredibly skilled magic user. He's basically the man every nerd wants to be. And if it wasn't for their lifelong vendetta against Reed Richards, who knows? They could have used that incredible power to fight bank robbers or something. Okay, probably not, but a man can dream, right?
4) The Absorbing Man
?One thing about superheroes: You don't want them to be too overpowered or inhuman. Yeah, Doctor Doom is super-awesome, for sure, but he's about as big as you are going to want to go power and ego-wise before the character becomes unrelatable altogether. Crusher Creel is quite the opposite; he's the most regular of guys who just happened to drink some secret Asgard potion and now (or at least, until recently) when they touch brick walls they become a brick wall himself. That's pretty awesome, and he'd be a cool guy to sit down, have a beer with and talk about it if you didn't have to worry that they might smash the place up in the process.
3) Taskmaster
?Taskmaster crossed over into near-herodom when they trained Agent X, but that was more of a mercenary-type thing, which seems to be the dude's speed. But their power — they can learn any fighting style just by observing someone's movements — seems perfect for taking on crime, especially with all the recidivism endemic to the Marvel Universe. I mean, seriously, reform programs just don't work there.
2) Composite Superman
?Composite Superman is one-half Superman, one-half Batman and has most of the members of the Legion of Superheroes' powers. So he's already most of the way there. If they can just get past the world domination stuff, he'll be prepared.
1) Typhoid Mary
?You would think severe mental illness would be a real barrier to being a superhero, but there are lots of incredibly insane superheroes out there who seem to do just fine. So Typhoid Mary, with their pyrokinetic and mind-reading powers, along with a little bit of dissociative personality disorder, would only really need to have fallen in with a different crowd — maybe the X-Men rather than the Kingpin's crew — and they could have been a pretty awesome hero. Better than Pyro, anyway.
| by Jack Landau |
As the debate over expanding Billy Bishop Airport rages on, the nation's largest airport will soon have greatly improved connectivity thanks to Metrolinx's Union Pearson Express, a vital rail link under-construction between Union Station and Toronto Pearson International Airport. Union Station and Pearson International Airport are the GTA's two busiest and most important transportation facilities, and starting next year, the two locations will be a mere 25 minutes apart by rail.
The Union Pearson Express will connect directly to Terminal 1 at Pearson via a three-kilometre rail spur branching off from the existing GO Kitchener rail corridor. The new spur is on schedule to be completed in the coming months, but work continues on reconfiguring the tracks leading up to the spur.
Trackwork in West Toronto approaching the new rail spur, image by Forum member drum118
A new grade separation is being constructed at the West Toronto Diamond near Keele and Dundas Streets, which has been designed to improve capacity by eliminating a congested at-grade railway crossing while simultaneously dropping noise levels for nearby residents. A similar upgrade at Strachan Avenue, which adds four tracks in two lowered corridors, is also vital to the functionality of the UP Express while also serving to greatly improve GO transit service.
Strachan Avenue grade separation, image by Forum member Bamako
The line's southeastern terminus at Union Station will be served by a new station and platform. Construction started last year with the fencing off of the southern wall of the pedestrian Skywalk PATH link stretching between York and Simcoe Streets while demolition proceeded out of public view.
Earlier this month the steel structure of the platform itself started to take shape. UrbanToronto Forum contributor pesto shared their view of the Union Station construction on March 10th from an upper floor at TELUS House at York and Bremner.
Construction of the Union Station UP Express platform, image by Forum member pesto
The platform has already made significant progress, and work continues on the steel structure. Here is a closer look...
Construction of the Union Station UP Express platform, image by Forum member pesto
Much work is still left to be done before the line can open to travellers in 2015. The first rail vehicles are expected to be delivered this Spring, followed by the completion of the 3-kilometre spur line this Summer. Construction on the four stations is expected to be complete by Winter 2015, and the line is set to open in Spring 2015.
Rendering of UP Express Union Station
Once the line goes into operation, trains will depart from Union Station every 15 minutes, stopping at Dundas West subway station at Bloor Street, and at Weston GO station at Lawrence Avenue before arriving at Terminal 1 Pearson Airport at the end of the 25 minute long ride. The Union Pearson Express is expected to remove 1.2 million car trips from our roads in its first year of operation alone, and the line's future conversion to electric trains is expected to further reduce greenhouse emissions for the City.
Visit the UP Express dataBase file for a comprehensive collection of project facts and renderings, linked below. Want to get involved in the discussion? Check out the associated Forum thread, or voice your opinion in the comments section provided at the bottom of this page.
Author's note – through the remainder of this series the focus will remain on players acquired prior to the recent NHL Entry Draft. As the idea behind the series has been about the players and their development during the season, bringing in newly minted NHL prospects would be unfair to those who have already taken steps under the auspices of their respective rights-holding organizations.
For all that the Flyers system has lacked in forward prospects of significance (Travis Konecny notwithstanding), they have more than made up for it with depth and talent between the pipes and along the blueline. It is not outlandish to suggest that Russian first rounder Ivan Provorov is the best prospect in the system and fellow WHLer and former first rounder Travis Sanheim as the number two. As this series has tried to avoid too much dwelling on CHL prospects, we will instead jump to the third best blueliner in the system now that the extremely exciting Shayne Gostisbehere has graduated, in Samuel Morin – yet another former first rounder. Unlike Provorov and Sanheim, Morin has already graduated from the CHL ranks and now has a full year of AHL experience under their ample belt. Listed on the AHL team website at 6-7”, 227, Morin fits the prototype for big, stay-at-home defender. A bruiser in the Quebec league as an amateur, Morin kept up that style of play with Lehigh Valley as a rookie professional, racking up a team high 118 penalty minutes. Only a handful of true prospects in the AHL spent more time cooling their heels in the penalty box.
Beyond the toughness that is only partially attributable to their size, Morin is a plus skater who shows a good head for the game, as demonstrated by strong positioning and a pretty safe overall game. They can move the puck intelligently, but will never be a point producer. The 19 points they put up as an AHL rookie in 76 is around what the Flyers should be expecting from Morin at their peak. They own a strong slap shot, but not the instincts for when to use it to their advantage. Guys their size will always get more chances than they deserve on skills and smarts alone, but thankfully, Morin has those. As a plus skater with good hockey IQ, they will earn penalty killing time in the NHL before too long as well as a bottom pairing role. While they could eventually elevate to the second pairing, their lack of puck skills (beyond that first pass) and offensive bent will prevent them from owning a top pairing job or much time on the power play. They could also use another season of professional growth in the AHL with Philadelphia likely to turn to Provorov and Sanheim for NHL time before making way for the big man. On the other hand, with the NHL contracts of Mark Striet, Michael Del Zotto and Nick Schultz all expiring after the 2016-17 season, Morin's chance to earn an NHL gig will not be too far off into the future.
Robert Hagg, D, Lehigh Valley (AHL) (41st overall, 2013)
Another defenseman of some renown in the Philadelphia is Hagg, a Swedish second rounder who made three appearances in their country's sweater for the WJC, twice walking away a Silver Medalist. Less physically imposing than Morin, Hagg nonetheless has a limited NHL upside owning primarily to an underwhelming offensive game. Also like Morin, Hagg puck skills extend to making a strong first pass but not much more than that. That said, their first pass is outstanding, one of the best in the AHL according to Hockey Prospectus writer Jason Lewis. While Hagg typically plays a smart, quiet game, they can be prone to the odd high profile gaffe, or other mental hiccup. Furthermore, although they do not lack for size at 6-2”, 201, they play smaller and can be physically imposed upon by more physical opponents. Hagg should expect a third full AHL season in the offing and likely slots behind Morin in the organizational depth chart. If they can eliminate the inconsistencies that have plagued him, they could be a solid number five at their best.
Mark Alt, D, Lehigh Valley (AHL) (53rd overall, 2010 – acquired in trade with Carolina)
Mark Alt, like Morin and Hagg profiled above, is a relatively safe blueline prospect without much in the way of upside. According to Jason Lewis, they are basically a solid all around defender who does everything well enough but nothing that will excite. They have great size at 6-4” and over 200 lbs and their father was a long-time offensive lineman in the NFL, but their physical game can underwhelm. More worrisome for Alt is their lack of traction over three AHL seasons. After putting up 26 points in 75 games in their first full AHL season, they have combined for only 29 points in 116 games over the past two seasons. There may yet be some untapped potential in Alt, and the Flyers did tender them a qualifying offer as a RFA a few weeks ago, giving them one more year under their care, but this may be their final chance to prove themselves worthy of carrying for the Flyers. If they fail to recapture at least some of their rookie production, they may be looking for a new employer by this time next summer.
Reece Willcox, D, Cornell (ECAC) (141st overall, 2012)
If there is a deeper sleeper who could overtake Hagg and Alt on the Flyers blueline depth chart it is recent signee Reece Willcox, a Cornell graduate. Physically resembling Alt at 6-4” and a smidgen over 200 lbs, Willcox was not a big point producer with the Big Red, although some of that is due to Cornell not having much in the way of offensive talent on their roster. Willcox will engage in the offensive end and is a smart, surehanded puck carrier who demonstrates good presence of mind and a high panic threshold.  They are not much of a shooter and their puck skills are more appropriate for own zone and neutral zone work, but their plus mobility and hockey smarts give them a legitimate chance.  They are a strong skater who can keep a solid gap against very speedy rushers and knows how to use a sweeping stick to break up rushes that would otherwise pose danger to their team.  They are not a punishing physical player, but is capable of using their plus size to establish their own position at the expense of their opponent's. Although Willcox put up three points in a late season six game cameo with Lehigh Valley, I would not expect that level of point production going forward. Between their polish and their skills, I expect Willcox to sneak up on a few observers this year.
Mark Friedman, D, Bowling Green State (WCHA) (86th overall, 2014)
Much further away from the NHL than any of the others profiled above, Friedman is rightfully an afterthought among Flyers' prospect watchers, although they deserve some mention as their game is much different from those already mentioned here. Simply put, the 20 year old Friedman is a point producer. They first attracted attention as an offensive defenseman with Waterloo of the USHL and has kept up their production in northwestern Ohio. Friedman is confident with the puck and has a strong first few steps that allow them to lead their team on quick breaks. Undersized, Friedman tends to avoid board battles, but has a physical edge to their game, one that emerges most often with the player in motion, using their speed to add force to their motion. They do need significant work in their own zone and with their decision making, however, and the former third rounder should be afforded two more full seasons at Bowling Green to work on those aspects of their game. Their panic threshold can be too short, leading them to defer to less skilled teammates even though they have ample room to skate the puck out of potential harm. I would also like to see less caution when trying to create offensively. The puck skills are present, but they need to commit to action when taking it. Their game is not yet ready for the professional ranks, both in terms of the mental game and the physical game, but there are enough flashes of talent that they should be watched closely.
Anthony Stolarz, G, Lehigh Valley (AHL) (45th overall, 2012)
Before analyzing Stolarz, a few thoughts on the recent goalie fetish overtaking the Flyers' scouting department. Most teams have three or four interesting netminders under team control, including one or two in the AHL and a few others scattered about the planet. Since drafting Stolarz in the middle of the second round in 2012, the Flyers have drafted and/or signed six goalies who still qualify as prospects, including taking the first netminder to be selected this season and three drafted last year. Although I cannot state that this predilection is unprecedented, it is extremely odd and at least two of those six will find themselves unsigned before all is said and done, as the team only has so much ice time it can provide to netminders. While teams roll four forward lines (12 players) and three defensive pairings (six players), they only carry two netminders and only one plays at a time.
Stolarz got the lion's share of netminding work for Lehigh Valley last year, their second full season as a pro. They showed tremendous improvement in their return engagement with the Phantoms, chopping more than half a goal per game off their GAA and increasing their save percentage from a feeble .906 to a respectable .915, a figure topped only by Juuse Saros (Milwaukee), Matt Murray (Scranton/Wilkes-Barre) and Anton Forsberg (Lake Erie) among prospects who with regular roles in the circuit last year. Stolarz is also a massive young man, standing a fleshed out 6-6”. They fill up the net rather well and shows plus anticipation, allowing them to get positioned to make the save before it becomes one of desperation. Their lateral movement is strong enough for their size, although they can get caught on occasion as they seem to be assuming that their size is filling every hole, but a slight slump of their shoulder, or another body twist can leave open a gap that will be exploited by good shooters. They make up for it with plus rebound control, as pucks that they cannot catch cleanly are more often than not either kept close by so as to be corralled quickly, or pushed to the corners and out of danger. The New Jersey native also adds value to their game through strong puck handling, as they are very comfortable pushing the puck up to their teammates to begin the transition.
The Flyers current goaltending pair of Steve Mason and Michal Neuvirth both have one more year under contract and there is a good chance that a spot will open up for one of the Flyers goalie prospects in 2016-17. Stolarz, by virtue of their greater experience and improving game, should be aiming to make themselves favored to fill one of those roles after another season honing their game in Allentown.
Felix Sandstrom, G, Brynas IF (SHL) (70th overall, 2015)
Sandstrom, the first of three netminders drafted by the Flyers in 2015 had a shoddy showing at the WJC for Sweden and put up numbers that may seem underwhelming for Brynas in the SHL, but is more than worthy of a spotlight for actually seeing regular crease time in one of the top leagues in Europe. IN fact, they appeared in 25 of the 32 games played by under-20 goalies in the SHL and their numbers were more or less on par with Brynas' other goalie, veteran Austrian Bernard Starkbaum. According to Hockey Prospectus Swedish correspondent Jimmy Hamrin, Sandstrom is still inconsistent, but has looked very good thus far in their top flight career, exhibiting intermittent NHL potential. They will have one more chance to shine for the Tre Kronor at the next WJC and is favored to be the uncontested starter this time around as Linus Soderstrom will have aged out. They may have more competition in the Brynas net though, as Starkbaum has been replaced on the roster by David Rautio, whose SHL save percentages since the 2011-12 season have gone .929, .931, .922, .921, .916. Trending down to be sure, but after having started from fantastic heights.
Merrick Madsen, G, Harvard (ECAC) (162nd overall, 2013)
After being limited to a single appearance as a first-year student at Harvard in 2014-15, Madsen claimed the starter's job for themselves last year as a sophomore, putting up stellar numbers for the Crimson. Their .931 save percentage ranked eighth in the nation (although the number two man, Alex Lyon, has since signed as an undrafted free agent with Philadelphia). Madsen has a number of strong aspects to their game, including great size (close, but not quite to Stolarz' level), the composure to withstand periods of heavy pressure, instincts and anticipation, and rebound control. They could use additional improvement in their lateral movement and puck handling, although their play last season suggests that they were a late round steal who will push for a good spot on the organizational depth chart within a few seasons.
All right, as Mr. Trump said, let's check it.
A Google search for “Historical New York City Crime Data” will bring you to a site with charts of serious felonies.
Frisks went down. So has murder, a steady decline that has continued, with slight annual variations, through this year.
In the word-fact-salad-spinner used by Mr. Trump, those details land upside down. Also, they repeated a more common mistake about the decline of the stop-and-frisk tactics, attributing it to a federal judge hearing a class-action lawsuit against the city, and to Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat, who succeeded Mr. Bloomberg in 2014.
“It was terminated by the current mayor,” Mr. Trump said.
Actually, no.
Last year, the city police conducted 22,939 stops, or about 63 a day. So stop-and-frisk was not terminated by Mr. de Blasio, or by anyone else for that matter. It's true that the use of the tactic has declined. During the mayoralty of Mr. Bloomberg, the number of reported stops skyrocketed, but then was scaled back as the city faced pressure from the class-action litigation, brought by the New York Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights.
By the end of 2013, the year Shira A. Scheindlin, the federal judge hearing the case, ruled that the city's wholesale search practices violated the Constitution, the number of stops had declined by 72 percent from its peak in 2011.
So how do you establish authority and thought leadership when you're the youngest entrepreneur in the room? In fact, what if you're still in your teens? This week I spoke to Justin Lafazan, the founder of the Next Gen Summit (he's talked with me about the particular resources needed for millennial entrepreneurs in the past).
This time we talked about millennials who are working to establish an influential voice in PR (and without a budget or agency—we're not talking about those lucky few who've landed a sports or music contract and are being promoted by agents.) In today's economy, influence is everything. In Lafazan's case, at age 19 he's not only founded a marketing company and a millennials conference, he's achieved coverage in USA Today, Huffington Post, Inc. Magazine, Entrepreneur, and via their prior interview with me, Forbes Entrepreneurs.
He's also written a book for entrepreneurs, “What Wakes You Up? Designing a Kick-Ass Life Through Entrepreneurship,” premiering Dec. 18. The book is for millennials (no surprise), showing them how to forego society's traditional plan and design their own life through entrepreneurship, and how to succeed on that path through mentorship, education, and—the topic that led to this interview—authority.
The world and its traditional path—from SATs through extracurricular activities and generally average results and working lives that 81% of Americans don't enjoy--will not hand your authority to you, Lafazan's book maintains. But if your years are few and you have ambitions for a better pathway, here are a few of the things you can do:
1) Ask For What You Want | Learn The Power of Asking
Millennial entrepreneurs who succeed in getting PR have overcome the fear of simply asking for what they need. For example, 19 year old Nick Mares, the founder of Bone Broth Co., knew they wanted to create a bone broth company before they even understood how to make it. The concept of bone broth—grassfed beef bones roasted with vegetables for hours until they break down as a base for a nutritious and healing broth—got a big boost into the public psyche when Kobe Bryant reportedly used it in 2013 to recover from a torn Achilles tendon.
Mares, now 19, looked for the product after having knee surgery, but they couldn't find it. So they decided to make it and see if it might catch on as mainstream product like coconut water or kombuchi. But to be sure there was a sufficient market before taking the leap, they built a simple website to see if it would get any clicks. Not only did they get clicks, they got orders—dozens of orders—to the point they feared they wouldn't be able to follow through. They came clean with the initial customers, explaining that they were trying to kick-start a new company. Most understood and began rooting for him. He'd outgrown the home kitchen. Next they decided they wanted to work with Mark Cuban. So they emailed him. Cuban was gracious, encouraging them to keep after their dream and sharing the name of a good production supplier. They had hoped for investment also, but Cuban is not a fan of pre-revenue companies and not particularly connected to foods. But Mares has kept going and a year later says the venture is doing “ridiculously well.”
The principle is equally valid for press. Millennials must get over the fear of cold e-mailing reporters and asking respectfully for the opportunity to be covered by the press. When Lazafan wanted to become a consultant and speaker they achieved authority by asking for it from the gatekeepers who give it (reporters) and the approach landed them in USA Today, Inc. and Forbes.
2) Reverse-Engineer Your PR Success
For press, just like any other achievement, Lafazan advises a three-step strategy for reverse engineering the outcome you desire to achieve. 1) Identify those who've done the thing you'd like to achieve, 2) Figure out how they did it, and 3) Do it yourself, but add your own twists. They say they developed their methodology by studying the logic that “success leaves clues” popularized by Tony Robbins and Napoleon Hill.
In another example, young entrepreneur Tyler Wagner wanted to become a 'conference wiz.' So they 1) discovered Jayson Gaignard, the founder of MastermindTalks who leads out in the conference industry. 2) They took a leap of faith and moved to Canada to intern for Jayson in a move that allowed them to learn what made a conference event really great. Then, 3) they wrote the bestselling book Conference Crushing to position themselves as industry leader. This process applies to any PR or authority goal you need to achieve to propel your company's success. Observe, reverse engineer, then follow the process, but make it uniquely your own by adding your own twists to the mix.
3) Provide Value Upfront
The ability to provide value and collaborate with others is within the reach of every millennial. Making this effort will automatically create authority for you, Lafazan says. For example, when approaching any new relationship where the connection could be viewed as “leverage” towards a goal, approach the individual by offering to add value and service instead, with no strings attached.
If you make a product, offer to provide the individual with samples. (Note: If you do provide an individual with samples of your product in order to hear their feedback, be certain, particularly in the case of anyone who writes for the press that you have not violated policy by appearing to try to “buy” coverage.) You should never provide a reporter with any kind of gift that that has a value above $25, or that could be perceived as a suggestion of “quid pro quo” in exchange for favorable coverage. Saying thank you, after coverage has already appeared, is always welcome and always a plus. At that point, if you choose to send a gift, make it a small item such as a handwritten note or a container of cookies that could be shared with their team.
Other ways to provide service could include sharing the individual's work on social media, or helping them to make meaningful connections of the kind they desire, and writing meaningful content around the subjects that are of interest to them. Lafazan is also donating 100% of their book profits to the next Next Gen Foundation event, which will empower global youth through peer-mentorship. As an author, Lafazan's goal is simple: they want to contribute all profits back to the Next Gen Summit in 2016. Their book, therefore, is a labor of love. (And a best practice example for millennials in how to achieve big goals and make a significant difference through excellent thought leadership PR.)
After former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly—ousted from their nightly show earlier this year following allegations of sexual harassment—described the blood-soaked massacre at a Las Vegas music festival on Sunday night that left 59 people dead and hundreds wounded as "the price of freedom," the good people of the nation had a simple response: No, you heartless and mindless idiot.
"Once again," O'Reilly wrote on their personal blog Monday, "the big downside of American freedom is on gruesome display." Later, they argued that mass murder at the hands of people with automatic assault rifles is simply "the price of freedom" because "violent nuts are allowed to roam free until they do damage, no matter how threatening they are."
Though a classic construction of right-wing demagoguery, that thinking is betrayed by serious academic research which shows that when strict gun control laws are put in place, these kinds of attacks are incredibly rare compared to what the United States—hostage as it is to the nation's gun industry lobby and the NRA—has been forced to experience in recent decades.
Meanwhile, on social media, O'Reilly (aka, "Satan" and a "POS") was told in nearly countless ways to simply STFU and go away:
No, Bill O'Reilly, having to listen to you is the (high) price of freedom. Gun massacres are the price of weak gun laws. — David Rothkopf (@djrothkopf) October 2, 2017
Mass shootings are not the price of freedom, they're the price civilians pay so that GOP blood stained pockets remain full from the @NRA. — Francis Maxwell (@francismmaxwell) October 3, 2017
Dear Bill O'Reilly... Go to the funeral for anyone that died needlessly in Las Vegas. SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
And tell them it is the price of freedom. You POS. — Frederick Douglass (@gettinnoticedmo) October 2, 2017
A sexual predator has the nerve to call mass shooting horror "the price of freedom".
Bill O'Reilly
PLEASE
SHUT
THE
FUCK
UP#BillOReilly — Nicki (@nickiknowsnada) October 2, 2017
When Bill O'Reilly equates mass murder with the 'price of freedom' and MMs believe him, we have a mass mental illness problem in the USA. pic.twitter.com/X3MWOLQWnq — No Foxnewstoday (@NoFoxnewstoday) October 3, 2017
No, it's the price of stupidity and it's been exploited by @billoreilly, @FoxNews and the @NRA to line their own pockets. https://t.co/9tPXg3AFVR — Col. Morris Davis (@ColMorrisDavis) October 2, 2017
Howard Stern once dubbed themselves The King of All Media, so it should come as no surprise that the man has had a prolific career in multiple forms of media, along the way collecting praise and recognition from many of their contemporaries and fans, while at the same time drawing the ire of PTA groups, politicians, the FCC, and those who disliked them including other less successful and imitative DJs who have lived in their shadow. Howard has been no stranger to controversy, they received some record-high fines from the Federal Communications Commission for violating standards of decency. Stern has amassed more than $2.5 million in fines from the period of 1990 to 2005, when Stern embarked for satellite radio, taking their program and leaving behind the regulations.
Perhaps the most famous and impactful radio broadcast in history, The Howard Stern Show has aired for more than 3 decades. Titular host Howard Stern has built a career on shocking conversations, insightful interviews, off-color commentary, and edgy theater of the mind. The show was ground-breaking at the time, and shook up radio competition in every market it entered through syndication. Stern famously traveled to cities like Philadelphia, and Cleveland to host mock funerals for the jockeys who had been displaced from the number 1 ratings spot. Stern's good ratings streak continued, they remained the top dog and a consistent leader. Howard has made a substantial living to say the least, grabbing $500 million for their first 5 year contract, as well as many bonus packages compensated to him. Their latest radio contract alone is estimated at $90 million/year for the of the next 5 years. They recently made headlines as the highest paid performer on TV.
Now we will look at the 10 most shocking moments in Howard Stern's career.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 1.6K Shares Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
10 Making Friends with Former Enemies
via youtube.com
Back in the 1990s, Stern garnered a lot of attention and popularity with their politically incorrect, every-man dialogue. They also had an army of fans with too much time on their hands, making it their mission to insert Howard Stern's name (and sometimes a reference to a certain appendage of his) into media broadcasts across the country. Stern also had a staff bent on asking celebrities at press events outrageous, trying questions, and lobbing sometimes cringeworthy (in a good way) personal insults at them, only inches from their faces. Stern has also used their own mouth on plenty of occasions. Over the years Stern has lashed out at politicians, staff and management at their radio station, competing dish jockeys, and high-profile celebrities.
A few examples of this behavior include Rosie O'Donnell, Ellen DeGeneres, Kathy Lee Gifford, and years later (in perhaps their shortest feud ever) Lena Dunham. Stern has since made nice with all of these ladies, apologizing to each of them for their rude, unthinkable behavior.
9 The Sybian
via www.howardstern.com
Essentially a vibrator attached to a saddle, the Sybian was built with the goal of providing women everywhere the same sexual pleasure they'd get with a man from some kind of mechanical bull apparatus. When Stern moved their program to Sirius Satellite Radio in 2006, their studio was equipped with one of these. Over the Sirius years, many adult film stars, curious employees, and even celebrities have gone for a ride on the Sybian.
The list of names includes Jenna Jameson, Carmen Electra, and America's Next Top Model winner Adrianne Curry, to name a few.
8 Dana Plato
via imdb.com
Dana Plato was famous for playing the daughter of Mr. Drummond on TV's Diff'rent Strokes, alongside Gary Coleman. As they grew up, Plato struggled with substance abuse. On May 7, 1999, they appeared on the Howard Stern Show, where they discussed with Stern the troubles in their life and that they are a recovering alcoholic and drug addict. When callers pressured them about their drug use they maintained that they had been sober and still is. They even offered to submit a drug test to the show and gave a snippet of hair for testing. However, when the show went to commercial break, Plato reportedly freaked out and begged to get the sample back. “She said, ‘I want my hair back.' That's when I knew they were lying,” reported Howard Stern.
The next day, Dana Plato died of a prescription drug overdose. Them death was ruled a suicide. Some criticized Stern immediately after their death, but ultimately they had only interviewed her, and had even defended them against callers' accusations. Them troubles did not begin that day. Nevertheless, Dana Plato's interview followed by their death hours later was a shocker.
7 Debbie Tay's Ashes
via www.youtube.com
6 Kitten Donation Show
via youtube.com
When your career highlight reel includes decade's worth of naked women performing various stunts, giving hot-headed celebrities brutal tongue lashings, controversial dark humor, and the largest fines in FCC history, naturally people will be shocked. But for hardcore fans and followers of Stern and their show, the shock jock topped themselves when they devoted an entire hour of their radio broadcast to helping place kittens in foster homes along with their wife, Beth Ostrosky Stern.
5 Parodying Selena's Death
via blendspace.com
On March 31, 1995, a Mexican-American singer dubbed the "Queen of Tejano" and the "Tejano Madonna" was shot dead...by a close associate, Yolanda Saldívar. Saldívar started the Selena fan club in their shared home state of Texas. Eventually they came into contact with the singer, working closely with them in a management position; however Saldívar became obsessed with the singer and eventually murdered them
Robin's News is the segment during every Stern show in which co-host Robin Quivers reads news stories and provides audio, and Howard, Fred and the crew crack jokes and give their perspectives on the news stories. This feature in its heyday would often be the most captivating part of the broadcast. When Robin reported the story of Selena, of course Howard chimed in with some off-color jokes to make light of the situation, saying, "This music does absolutely nothing for me. Alvin and the Chipmunks have more soul ... Spanish people have the worst taste in music. They have no depth." Stern then played one of their songs while their engineer played sound effects of chickens clucking and gunshots firing. It was the furthest thing from tasteful, but not damning. However, after an uproar an arrest warrant was issued by a Texas court charging them with disorderly conduct, Howard issued an apology on-air the next day, in Spanish no less!
4 Signing with Sirius Satellite Radio
via http://media.graytvinc.com/
In 2004, Howard Stern's popularity in radio was solid, however fear of more FCC fines lead CBS Broadcasting to censor the show heavily, sometimes cutting entire segments and chopping bits up in such a way that they had lost all intended meaning and purpose, and just seemed odd. The commercial breaks were also so frequent that they often interrupted the flow of the conversation and forced Howard to cut interviews short at times. This frustrated Howard greatly; these days their interviews range from 50 minutes to 2 hours. As the censorship increased, the offers started coming in from two satellite radio companies. Sirius and XM. Both courted Stern and they eventually wound up signing with Sirius. The move was a highly-publicized story with Yahoo! News covering their final show and running a live video stream.
3 Their 4-year stint on America's Got Talent
via tvweek.com
In 2011, Stern began to frequently speculate on theirs joining American Idol as a judge. Stern hyped up their credibility, comparing themselves to judges like Ellen Degeneres and trying to build momentum for their hiring. Cowell had another idea in mind. America's Got Talent was entering its seventh season and needed some re-tooling. The show is reminiscent of The Gong Show, but with a button rather than a gong. The show was relaunched with Howard replacing Piers Morgan as a judge, alongside Sharon Osbourne and Howie Mandel.
Emails leaked in the Sony hack in December 2014 show that producer Simon Cowell wanted Stern off the show as recently as 2014, suggesting that "the right thing to do" is for Cowell to step in replacing Stern. Although Stern did not deliver blockbuster ratings as may have been expected, they did manage to help carry the show and maintain some viewership, despite analysts expecting the show's ratings to plunge.
2 Running for Governor
via Twitter.com
Stern flirted with politics briefly during their career. In 1994, Democratic incumbent Mario Cuomo was running for re-election against Republican George Pataki. Things got interesting when the Libertarian Party agreed to support New York icon Howard Stern as their candidate. Stern's platforms? Pushing for the death penalty, allocating road work to night hours only, restructuring toll locations to alleviate traffic jams, and the promise of resigning once these goals had been accomplished.
Stern eventually dropped out of the race several months later. They refused to reveal their financial statements, as is required of those who seek public office.
1 Cutting Ties with Artie Lange
via New York Daily News
In 2001, Jackie "The Jokeman" Martling, a well-established and respected stand up comedian who played sidekick, segment producer, and executive writer on the Stern Show for the majority of its existence, left due to a contract dispute. Stern, feeling jilted when Martling delayed their contract and played politics, decided not to allow for their return, instead auditioning the spot to new comedians and regular guests. Many have sat in the chair but the clear favorite was a comedian from MadTV, a close friend of then regular guest Norm MacDonald. Lange had appeared several times on the show before being offered the opportunity to sit in for a week, and was a popular guest among staff and listeners. Lange themselves had been a fan of the show since their youth in New Jersey. Eventually in 2001, Artie Lange replaced Martling permanently, or so it seemed.
During a 2006 segment involving homeless people being given lap dances for free, one of the vagrants began discussing their troubles with heroin. Lange sympathized with the man, and ended up confessing to struggling with heroin addiction himself. The rest of the show developed as somber, emotional discussion about Artie's demons. From that point on, Artie's troubles with heroin became a topic of discussion on the show frequently. Over the next few years of their time at the Stern show, jokes about Lange's drug use were common. Artie would show up to the studio high, and sometimes pass out during the broadcast. There were a few brief periods of absence, and Artie's "sick" calls were used as on-air fodder as well.
Lange's behavior was at times erratic. In one segment Lange's personal assistant/switchboard operator, for another show on the Howard Stern channel, Teddy, was accused of stealing money by Artie and of being unprofessional among other things. Lange ended up throwing something at Teddy and then chasing after them trying to attack. Lange was detained by security until they calmed down, and when they returned they said their goodbyes and exited the building. When the show returned the next week, Artie had returned as well. Sirius and everyone involved were able to look past the incident and allow them to maintain their employment.
In December 2009, Artie Lange attempted to take their own life, stabbing themselves nine times with a 13-inch knife. Lange was found by their mother and rushed to the hospital. They survived the suicide attempt, but their relationship with Howard Stern had not. Lange's suicide attempt and absence from the show went unmentioned by Howard for a long time. Eventually Howard addressed the issue through a caller. The caller, a woman named Dina, asked for "an update on what's going on with Artie." Stern snapped on the caller, advising them to go fuck themselves and declaring that "I (Howard) will piss on my audience if I want to.
Lange has addressed the issue saying they feel "abandoned" by Stern, and has revealed that they and their former mentor have not spoken since that awful occurrence. Now Lange hosts their own podcast online, without the support of Stern and Lange also revealed that they are no longer welcome on the Stern Show even as a guest to promote their new ventures. Lange has not been replaced, and the seat has been vacant since 2010.
Urkye clothing has become a staple of many full bust friendly wardrobes, so I wasn't surprised to see the social media frenzy that happened when Urkye announced that they'd be producing several suit jackets for this season. Since the collection was released in stages, many people waited around for the jackets to be released before they picked up dresses or shirts. All of our hawk-eyed waiting paid off, as these suit jackets sold out almost completely within 24 hours of being listed on the Urkye site. If you didn't get one in the first round, Urkye should be making more – although it may take awhile given the fact that they're a small company with limited production.
I'm not naturally a suit jacket type, but I've honestly become a little frustrated with my restricted business wardrobe. On busy days when I have to run out to an in-person meeting, I don't always want to find the perfect dress and throw on the perfect undergarments with it. I've gotten increasingly jealous of the men who show up looking perfectly casual yet presentable in jeans and a suit jacket with a t-shirt under it. I want that option too!
This jacket isn't a true suit jacket in the non-stretch tailored sense of the word, so it won't replace a formal full suit. However, it's a great jacket over dresses and jeans for more casual business occasions. The jacket is made out of a thick jersey. It has structure, but it's soft and feels almost sweatshirt like. It will go perfectly with the Kieska dresses for winter. The whole jacket is lined in contrasting fabric – in the case of the navy blue jacket, the lining is grey.
I ordered a 42 oo/ooo in this jacket since I felt like the lining might take away some of the give. For reference, I ordered the Kieska dresses in this collection in a curve size down, since I felt like the first one I got had a ton of room in the shoulders/bust area. I'd definitely order your normal size in the jackets since they are a bit more structured. The sleeves are too long for my short little arms, but I have that issue in almost every shirt or jacket that I buy. I'll probably leave them instead of having them altered so I can roll the jacket up to my elbows if I want a different look.
I wasn't super excited about the colors in the latest Urkye collection, but I've loved them all in person much more than in the photos. This coat is a beautiful deep navy that is almost jewel toned in terms of brightness. It's gorgeous and will go with lots of my wardrobe. This coat works well over jeans and a tank top but will also look nice as a light coat over my dresses all winter.
The coat was $65, which is a worthwhile investment for something I'll get tons of wear out of. While it isn't a true suit coat, a real one would cost much more and wouldn't integrate into my wardrobe as well. If you're someone who lives in full suits and blouses or has a job that requires that kind of wardrobe, this may not be the best option for you. I get lots of creative license in my professional wardrobe since most people assume that copywriters are a little weirder to start with!
If you do want to pick up one of these, I'd check the Urkye site and see if your size shows up again once more returns are processed. They did say that lots of people bought multiple sizes so they thought that they would see some returns that others could pick up. If not, I'm sure there will be another round of these produced soon since they were such a hit.
What do you think of the Urkye suit coat? Do you love the idea of a jersey suit coat or would you pass on it?
Today, Yahoo is open-sourcing Mojito, a bit of software that uses JavaScript and Node.js to run a single codebase on both the client and server side.
Mojito is one of a few Node-centric projects Yahoo's been brewing. Collectively called Cocktails, they embrace cutting-edge technologies and platforms in a way that is surprising if you haven't been following developer news from Yahoo over the past couple of years.
Yahoo started dabbling in Cocktails a while ago. Bruno Fernandez-Ruiz, Yahoo's platform vice president, has called Cocktails “a bunch of tricks to make web applications feel native.”
Today's release, Mojito, is a first step in that direction.
“There are some JavaScript frameworks out there, and some of them focus on the server side, some run on the client side,” said Fernandez-Ruiz in a recent phone conversation with VentureBeat. “And we've been saying for some time that we want people to be able to run the same code on the client side and on the server side.”
From the Yahoo developer blog:
Mojito is all JavaScript, that's good. JavaScript is the single most widely available programming language today, and that's something worth taking advantage of.
Mojito is a true MVC framework, that's better! MVC is a battle-tested design pattern, having proven its usefulness in desktop apps, in server-side apps, in, today, rich client-side applications. Those who ignore MVC… often reinvent it.
But the best part of Mojito is its ability to “blur” the client/server boundary, to let you write you code that runs on the client, or the server. Or both.
The reason, said Fernandez-Ruiz, is all about performance and how mobile web pages are rendered for smartphone users. It's about speed, and it's also about experience. “The reality is, if you go around looking at websites on an iPhone, you realize that many web pages just don't work well,” they said. “Things are partially loaded, sometimes you get blank pages. Most of the time, this is because JavaScript that is downloaded never gets to run on the client … On the desktop, you can get away with murder, but on mobile, it's another story.”
When mobile users are constantly testing the limits of their 3G networks, the exec said, it adds up to a really crappy experience for everyone.
Mojito is part of Yahoo's concerted effort to help developers work with mobile users and with mobile networks in mind.
Mojito is just one Cocktail. Manhattan is another; it's a Node.js hosted environment for Mojito. Apps can be wrapped in a native shell and shipped to the iTunes App Store or the Android Market or simply run in a browser, and Manhattan helps to speed up the user experience access across high- and low-speed networks and to run apps on platforms that don't have full HTML5/CSS3 support.
Other Cocktails under development right now include Greyhound and Screwdriver; Yahoo has no official word yet on what those products will do or when they might be available to outside developers.
“We have been approaching some developers … to get feedback about our technology stack,” said Fernandez-Ruiz. “There's a lot of documentation and support to make it healthy, you can't just dump the code on Github. We have a good track record of open sourcing things and keeping them alive.”
Manhattan will be opened up for use by attendees at this week's JS Conf. Fernandez-Ruiz said Yahoo plans to gather input and feedback from those developers and use it to determine the next steps for Manhattan.
In the meantime, Mojito is open and available for anyone to use. Fernandez-Ruiz said they hope developers will take a look a Node, at Mojito, and at their mobile work with new eyes open to the inherent performance benefits these technologies have to offer.
“It's time to revisit the web, to take a look at mobile networks where people are constrained and where battery life has limits,” they said. “Node.js is, in a way, like a browser that runs on the server. The browser on the mobile phone isn't that powerful, so Node.js becomes more important.”
“If you look at OSI stack, this is like networking stuff, how you get routed,” Fernandez-Ruiz said. “Your objective is to create network servers that are efficient and low profile, very lean, something that lets you work very close to the kernel. For embedded devices that are partially connected — TVs or car devices, too — Node.js is very interesting.”
Carson's comments have drawn fire. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Fresh off a surprise win in a Michigan straw poll, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) criticized former neurosurgeon Ben Carson's argument that a Muslim could not be "in charge of this nation."
"Article VI of the Constitution says there won't be a religious test," Paul said in an interview. "I think the answer is that simple."
Carson made the remarks first in an interview with Meet the Press. Asked by host Chuck Todd if Islam was "consistent with the Constitution," Carson said it wasn't. In a subsequent interview with The Hill's Jon Easley, Carson explained that they didn't think "Sharia is consistent with the Constitution of this country."
Paul had a better weekend -- or at least a more dramatic improvement in fortunes. The Mackinac policy conference began the bizarre story of key Michigan strategist John Yob getting punched by a Rubio strategist. It ended with 22 percent of the conference's straw poll vote going to Paul, their second consecutive victory in a poll that had a better-than-typical record of proving grassroots support. (Michigan-born Mitt Romney always did well in the poll, and won the state twice.)
"I'd attribute it to our organizational prowess, to our ground game, to our ability to excite the youth vote," Paul said. "Our victory there was primarily due to getting a youth crowd to show. We had probably 200 kids at a rally around the conference. I think the issues we've been talking about – criminal justice reform, that it's crazy to put people in jail for marijuana, we need a new foreign policy -- have been resonating with young people."
Paul has triumphed in other straw polls, and in the lead-up to Mackinac their campaign proudly announced that more than 300 "Students for Rand" chapters had been chartered on campuses. They wondered aloud whether the showing in Michigan, coupled with the Reagan Presidential Library debate, represented the end of Donald Trump's moment.
"I think Trump got almost no votes," they said. "Every other campaign organized and tried to get supporters there. What we're going to find is a reshuffling of the deck. To show how dramatically it's reshuffled, you can look at polls that showed Walker at 22 percent a few months ago, and see that he's at 0 percent today. Fiorina has greatly increased their numbers. As far as Trump goes, I think we'll probably be done in the very near future with their domination of the polls. We can begin to rise."
Michigan, which is voting a bit later in the 2016 cycle than it has in the past, offers unique opportunities to a candidate like Paul. Before the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Republicans courted Michigan's Arab and Muslim voters, and made real inroads on behalf of George W. Bush. The war on terror, and the impression of many Muslims that they were being targeted, sent Muslim voters back into the Democratic camp. Still, when asked about Texas student Ahmed Mohamed's suspension over a home-made clock that administrators mistook for a bomb, Paul was circumspect.
"I didn't really feel like there was a national story there," said Paul. "There's common sense in sending a kid home for the day if something looks like a bomb. Now, kicking somebody out of school would be an inappropriate response. And we do that all the time, kicking out of school for an entire year because they have some marijuana or they've broken some rule. We've got to be concerned about overzealous responses like that."
European intelligence experts dismiss the Bush "war on terrorism" as deception and reveal the realpolitik behind the aggression against Afghanistan.
Berlin - In Germany, where war plans for Afghanistan were already being discussed in July and where several of the "Arab hijackers" lived and studied, intelligence experts say the terror attacks of September 11 could not have been carried out without the support of a state secret service.
Eckehardt Werthebach, former president of Germany's domestic intelligence service, Verfassungsschutz, told AFP that "the deathly precision" and "the magnitude of planning" behind the attacks of September 11 would have needed "years of planning."
Such a sophisticated operation, Werthebach said, would require the "fixed frame" of a state intelligence organization, something not found in a "loose group" of terrorists like the one allegedly led by Mohammed Atta while they studied in Hamburg.
Many people would have been involved in the planning of such an operation and Werthebach pointed to the absence of leaks as further indication that the attacks were "state organized actions."
Andreas von Bulow served on the parliamentary commission which oversees the three branches of the German secret service while a member of the Bundestag (German parliament) from 1969 to 1994, and wrote a book titled Im Namen des Staates (In the Name of the State) on the criminal activities of secret services, including the CIA.
Von Bulow told AFP that they believe that the Israeli intelligence service, Mossad, is behind the September 11 terror attacks. These attacks, they said, were carried out to turn public opinion against the Arabs, and boost military and security spending.
"You don't get the higher echelons," von Bulow said, referring to the "architectural structure" which masterminds such terror attacks. At this level, they said, the organization doing the planning, such as Mossad, is primarily interested in affecting public opinion.
The architectural level planners use corrupt "guns for hire" such as Abu Nidal, the Palestinian terrorist who von B'low called "an instrument of Mossad," high-ranking Stasi (former East German secret service) operatives, or Libyan agents who organize terror attacks using dedicated people, for example Palestinian and Arab "freedom fighters."
The terrorists who actually commit the crimes are what von Bulow calls "the working level," such as the 19 Arabs who allegedly hijacked the planes on September 11. "The working level is part of the deception," they said.
"Ninety-five percent of the work of the intelligence agencies around the world is deception and disinformation," von Bulow said, which is widely propagated in the mainstream media creating an accepted version of events. "Journalists don't even raise the simplest questions," they said adding, "those who differ are labeled as crazy."
Both Werthebach and von Bulow said the lack of an open and official investigation, such as congressional hearings, into the events of September 11 was incomprehensible.
AFP asked von Bulow about the Taliban's ban on opium production: "Seventy percent of the drug trade is licensed by the intelligence agencies," von B'low said, and they are interested in keeping the drug traffic "running through their mills."
"The BND (German secret service) is steered by the CIA and the CIA is steered by Mossad," von Bulow said.
Horst Ehmke, who coordinated the German secret services directly under German prime minister Willi Brandt in the 70s, predicted a similar terrorist attack in their novel, Torches of Heaven, published last year, in which Turkish terrorists crash hijacked planes into Berlin.
EERIE PREDICTIONS
Although Ehmke had long expected "fundamentalist attacks," when they saw the televised images from September 11, they said it looked like a "Hollywood production."
"Terrorists could not have carried out such an operation with 4 hijacked planes without the support of a secret service," Ehmke said, although they did not want to point to any particular agency.
"The most important thing in the struggle against terrorists, who are abusing religion, is the battle for the soul of the people and the nations," Ehmke said. "If this isn't resolved successfully, the 21st Century could be bloodier than the last."
A former Stasi agent who had warned the German secret service of terror attacks in America between September 10-20 told AFP that a high ranking Stasi chief named Jurgen Rogalla, who is "an airplane terror specialist," was probably involved in the attacks of September 11 along with Abu Nidal.
Both Nidal and Rogalla work with the Mossad, the former agent told AFP. Nidal, was said to be in Baghdad, and is a "leading officer for some Mossad agents." The agent said that Nidal was "involved directly" in the events of September 11.
September 11 was preparation for a larger attack on the United States, which is part of "an old plan," the agent said. Based on prior knowledge of this plan, the agent said that more attacks are imminent and that aircraft carriers may be targeted next. Rogalla is also strongly anti-religious and attacks on cathedrals or places of religious significance before Christmas are likely.
Rogalla was responsible for "turning NATO men" to spy for the East. One of the East's NATO spies, Reiner Rupp, known as "Topaz," provided Stasi and the Russians with the organization's highest secrets until they were discovered in 1993 by the BND. A CIA agent known as "Frank Lindsey" worked with Rogalla, according to the former Stasi agent.
TERROR INVESTIGATION BLOCKED
Under the influence of U.S. oil companies, the administration of George W. Bush blocked U.S. secret service investigations on terrorism, while it bargained with the Taliban to turn over Osama bin Laden in exchange for political recognition and economic aid, two French intelligence analysts claim.
In a recently published book, "Bin Laden, la verite interdite" (Bin Laden, the forbidden truth), the authors, Jean-Charles Brisard and Guillaume Dasquie, reveal that the Federal Bureau of Investigation's deputy director John O'Neill resigned in July in protest due to official obstruction of their investigation of terrorism.
O'Neill had been in charge of national security in New York. While with the FBI, O'Neill led an investigation of Osama bin Laden and had forecast the possibility of an organized attack by terrorists operating from within the country.
O'Neill had investigated the USS Cole bombing in Yemen, the bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. In 1995, FBI agents working under O'Neill captured Ramzi Yousef, a suspected lieutenant of bin Laden, who later was among those convicted for the World Trade Center bombing.
O'Neill was considered a top-notch investigator and was known for their pugnacity. They were barred by U.S. Ambassador to Yemen Barbara Bodine from that country. That dispute reportedly involved a struggle between the State Department, which sought to preserve relations with Yemen, and the FBI, represented by O'Neill, who wanted access to Yemeni suspects.
O'Neill, 49, was hired as chief of security at the World Trade Center following a 25-year career with the FBI and died on Sept. 11, the first day of their new job. O'Neill reportedly died after reentering the building to assist others.
Brisard said O'Neill told them that "the main obstacles to investigate Islamic terrorism were U.S. oil corporate interests and the role played by Saudi Arabia in it."
EARLY WARNINGS
Osama bin Laden and the Taliban received threats of possible American military strikes against them two months before the terrorist assaults on New York and Washington, according to The Guardian (UK).
The warnings to the Taliban originated at a four-day meeting of senior Americans, Russians, Iranians and Pakistanis at a hotel in Berlin in mid-July. The meetings took place under the arbitration of Francesc Vendrell, personal representative of UN secretary general Kofi Annan, to discuss the situation in Afghanistan.
The three Americans at the Berlin meeting were Tom Simons, former US ambassador to Pakistan, Karl "Rick" Inderfurth, a former assistant secretary of state for south Asian affairs, and Lee Coldren, who headed the office of Pakistan, Afghan and Bangladesh affairs in the state department until 1997.
There were other meetings arranged by Vendrell in which "representatives of the U.S. government and Russia, and the six countries that border with Afghanistan were present," according to the French authors. "Sometimes, representatives of the Taliban also sat around the table."
The Berlin conference was the third meeting since November 2000 arranged by Mr. Vendrell. As a UN meeting, its official agenda was supposedly confined to trying to find a negotiated solution to the civil war in Afghanistan, ending terrorism and heroin trafficking, and discussing humanitarian aid.
CARPET OF GOLD -- OR BOMBS
The U.S. government's primary objective in Afghanistan was to consolidate the position of the Taliban regime in order to obtain access to the oil and gas reserves of Central Asia, the French authors wrote.
Until August, the U.S. government saw the Taliban regime "as a source of stability in Central Asia that would enable the construction of an oil pipeline across Central Asia," from the rich oilfields in Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan, through Afghanistan and Pakistan, to the Indian Ocean, they said.
"The oil and gas reserves of Central Asia have been controlled by Russia. The Bush government wanted to change all that," the book says. When the Taliban refused to accept U.S. conditions, "this rationale of energy security changed into a military one."
"The Americans indicated to us that in case the Taliban does not behave and in case Pakistan also doesn't help us to influence the Taliban, then the United States would be left with no option but to take an overt action against Afghanistan," said Niaz Naik, a former foreign minister of Pakistan, who attended the meetings.
On French television, Naik said during the "6+2" meeting in Berlin in July, the discussions turned around "the formation of a government of national unity. If the Taliban had accepted this coalition, they would have immediately received international economic aid."
"And the pipelines from Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan would have come," they added.
Naik also claimed that Tom Simons, the U.S. representative at these meetings, openly threatened the Taliban and Pakistan.
"Simons said, 'either the Taliban behave as they ought to, or Pakistan convinces them to do so, or we will use another option'. The words Simons used were 'a military operation'," Naik said.
"At one moment during the negotiations, the U.S. representatives told the Taliban, 'either you accept our offer of a carpet of gold, or we bury you under a carpet of bombs'," Brisard said in an interview in Paris.
According to the book, the government of Bush began to negotiate with the Taliban immediately after coming into power in February. U.S. and Taliban diplomatic representatives met several times in Washington, Berlin and Islamabad.
DES MOINES, Iowa -- The allegations read like a movie plot: a lottery industry insider installs an undetectable software program in the computers that pick winning numbers so they can know them in advance. They enlist accomplices to play those numbers and collect the jackpots. And they enrich themselves for years until a misstep unravels their high-tech scheme.
Lottery security head accused of scam to claim $16.5 million prize
Eddie Tipton, former security director of the Multi-State Lottery Association, has been accused of tampering with drawings in four states over a six-year period, and investigators are now expanding the inquiry nationwide to determine if the number could be larger.
State lotteries in Colorado, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma have confirmed they paid jackpots worth $8 million to Tipton associates, including their old college roommate, Robert Rhodes. Investigators are looking at payouts in the other 37 states and U.S. territories that used random-number generators from the Iowa-based association, which administers games and distributes prizes for the lottery consortium.
The inquiry is sending a chill through state governments that receive $20 billion annually in lottery revenue, and that depend on public confidence in the contests. Tipton installed software or had access to machines for national games such as Hot Lotto and some state-based games. The most lucrative ones, Powerball and scratch tickets, weren't part of the scheme, according to lottery officials.
"It would be pretty naive to believe they are the only four" jackpots involved, said now-retired Iowa deputy attorney general Thomas H. Miller, who oversaw the investigation for 2 1/2 years. "If you find one cockroach, you have to assume there are 100 more you haven't found."
Tipton, 52, was convicted in July of fraud in the attempt to claim a $16.5 million jackpot in Iowa. They were sentenced to 10 years but is free pending appeal.  They are also charged with ongoing criminal conduct and money laundering involving the other three state lotteries. Rhodes, a business person from Sugar Land, Texas, is charged with fraud in connection with the Iowa jackpot, and is under investigation in Wisconsin.
Tommy Tipton, Eddie's brother, who bought a winning Colorado Lotto ticket in 2005, resigned their position last month as a justice of the peace in Flatonia, Texas, 100 miles west of Houston, but hasn't been charged. Colorado authorities are investigating.
Eddie Tipton's attorney, Dean Stowers, says their client is innocent.
"There's just absolutely no evidence whatsoever that they did anything to alter the proper operations of the computers that were used to pick those numbers, absolutely no evidence. It's just all speculation," Stowers said.
Rhodes' attorney did not respond to messages and Tommy Tipton did not return calls.
The scheme allegedly continued for years. Prosecutors say Eddie Tipton installed software known as a root kit that enabled them to manipulate numbers without a trace. Tipton was tripped up, investigators say, by the audacious move of buying the winning ticket themselves at a service station near where they worked in Des Moines.
"This is kind of an eye opener," said Oklahoma Lottery director Rollo Redburn. "It reaffirms the fact that we've got to be constantly vigilant against people trying to defraud the system."
Iowa launched the investigation in 2012 after a lawyer representing a trust tried to claim the $16.5 million Hot Lotto jackpot, turning in the ticket hours before a one-year deadline. The trust - which said it benefited a corporation in Belize - eventually withdrew the claim rather than identify who purchased the ticket. Investigators initially suspected it was merely someone trying to hide winnings from a creditor.
The case took a dramatic twist when authorities released surveillance footage from the service station showing a stocky, hooded man buying the winning ticket and hot dogs in December 2010. Stunned lottery colleagues stepped forward to say the man looked and sounded like Tipton - a man with access to their computers.
Eddie Tipton had worked at the association since 2003, after a career in information technology, including at a Rhodes-owned firm in Houston called Systems Evolution. They were promoted to lottery security director in 2013.
Investigators allege that they passed the winning ticket to Rhodes, their University of Houston classmate, who then worked with associates to try to collect.
At Eddie's trial in July, brother Tommy insisted the man on the video wasn't their sibling, who they said was larger than the person shown.
In the Wisconsin case, authorities said, Rhodes hired a law firm to claim a $2 million Megabucks jackpot for them in 2008, and took legal action so the $783,000 cash payout could go to their limited liability corporation instead of him. Wisconsin Lottery spokesperson Stephanie Marquis said nothing seemed suspicious and that other winners have done the same.
In Oklahoma, investigators have alleged a $1.2 million Hot Lotto jackpot claimed in 2011 is linked to Tipton but haven't spelled out details.
Miller praised the Iowa lottery's skepticism about the suspicious jackpot but wonders whether other lotteries would have been as careful.
Prosecutor Rob Sand, who is now leading the case, said investigators want to talk to anyone who has been asked to claim a prize on behalf of someone else. They are focusing on jackpots that involve tickets in which the numbers were specifically requested by winners rather than chosen randomly.
Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kansas) will face Milton Wolf in Tuesday's primary. (Flickr/U.S. Department of Agriculture)
In Kansas, two primary challengers are gaining more traction than expected as outside groups uproot the Sunflower State's playing field. In the Senate race, three-term Republican incumbent Pat Roberts saw a minor challenge from radiologist Milton Wolf turn into a real threat after Roberts admitted that they spend little time in their home state.
Meanwhile, former Rep. Todd Tiahrt is seeking to regain their old seat in the 4th District by accusing the incumbent, fellow Republican Mike Pompeo, of being beholden to outside interests. As it turns out, both challengers have benefited from outside groups swooping into the race to support their bid or attack their opponent.
Keeping up with the Kochs
In the state's 4th District, which encompasses Koch Industries' base in Wichita, the billionaire brothers have thrown their support behind incumbent Pompeo and shunned former protégé Tiahrt. But in recent weeks, Tiahrt has been aided by outside groups intent on defeating Pompeo. A former Boeing executive, Pompeo first took the seat in 2010 with Tiahrt's blessing and the support of their predecessor's longtime political patrons: Koch Industries. All told, Pompeo's campaign and leadership PAC have together received more than $300,000 from Koch employees and KochPAC. In just two terms, in other words, Koch has given them close to 80 percent of the amount it gave Tiahrt over their eight-term career in Congress.
Given that the Koch brothers have influenced both candidates' careers, it is curious that Tiahrt and Pompeo have chosen to accuse each other of being Washington insiders. In reality, both campaign are largely funded by in-state donors — including, in Tiahrt's case, the candidate himself, since their $51,000 contribution to their own campaign accounts for about a third of the total they reported raising through July 16th. Pompeo's re-election bid has collected $115,000 from Koch Industries — five times more than they received from their next biggest contributor, USAA. Pompeo has a solid advantage in resources, having raised more than $2 million for this race, while their opponent has run a shoestring campaign on $155,000.
The incumbent Pompeo also has the backing of the conservative dark money machine. Americans For Prosperity and Club For Growth, which are both Koch-linked groups, have weighed in heavily in the race. Americans for Prosperity spent close to $410,000 supporting Pompeo, who has a 100 percent AFP scorecard rating. Meanwhile, Club For Growth's PAC helped route close to $70,000 in individual contributions to Pompeo's campaign.
Among their local supporters, Tiahrt can count Kansans for Responsible Government, a single-candidate super PAC which runs almost entirely on donations from Willis Hartman. A local oil magnate, Hartman gave $216,000 to the group, single-handedly out-raising Tiahrt's entire campaign and drawing suspicion from Pompeo's allies. In June, Jane Deterding, a Pompeo backer and the chairperson of the board for Citizens Bank of Kansas, filed a Federal Election Commission complaint accusing Hartman's group of coordinating with Tiahrt, which is illegal for a super PAC.
Two other groups also parachuted into the race unexpectedly, providing a helping hand to the challenger. Every Voice Action, a group that advocates for publicly-funded political campaigns, oddly decided to zero in on this race, running several ads against Pompeo — and, according to FactCheck.org, making some misleading statements related to the member of congress's support for investing Social Security taxes. In the very last week, Food Policy Action also spent $40,000 to attack Pompeo for a bill they introduced in April to prohibit state-imposed labeling requirements of GMOs. Both groups have focused all their spending this cycle on this single race. This smattering of outside spending will probably turn out to be too little, too late, however. Tiahrt trailed Pompeo by seven points in a late July poll by KSN News.
The Recliner Incumbent
In the Kansas Senate race, Roberts was long expected to steamroll their challenger, radiologist Milton Wolf. But they made a novice's mistake when they admitted that their claim to a Kansas home was crashing on a friend's couch for $300 a month. Challenger Milton Wolf jumped on these comments to depict them as a Washington insider. Yet the numbers show that in terms of funding, it's not clear who is from Kansas and who is from Washington.
Roberts admitted to The New York Times in February that they had registered a new address in Kansas to dodge accusations that they had no home there. But they conceded that the new arrangement involved sleeping on a friend's reclining chair for $300 a month. The friend in question, C. Duane Ross, said they couldn't remember the last time Roberts had stayed over.
Meanwhile, Wolf (a second cousin of President Obama) has seen their share of controversy. After donning a doctor's white coat and authoritative aura in many of their campaign videos, they suffered a backlash when it emerged they had posted graphic x-ray images and mocked gunshot victims on Facebook.
Certainly, Roberts, who has raised $4.7 million, is relying heavily on their Washington friends. As during their last re-election bid in 2008, Roberts' Republican colleagues are pitching in to protect the veteran senator. In both races, they received more than $300,000 from leadership PACs. Overall, out-of-state donors account for 57 percent of individual contributions to their campaign.
For Wolf, however, out-of-state gifts constitute 78 percent of their haul. Wolf's No. 1 donor, the anti-establishment Senate Conservatives Fund, has given their campaign $63,000, more than six times as much as their second biggest donor, Fruit of the Earth.
The race is also drawing huge amounts of outside spending, mostly to the benefit of Wolf. Senate Conservatives Action and the Senate Conservatives Fund and the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund all chipped in on their behalf, spending about $500,000, $110,000 and $90,000 respectively. Roberts drew more modest support from outside groups, including the American Hospital Association, which spent $210,000, the American College of Radiology, with $100,000, and the National Rifle Association, with $28,000.
Both primaries will take place on Tuesday, August 5.
Follow Lalita on Twitter at @lalitaclozel
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
Get the biggest What's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was possibly the hardest question you've ever been asked – who has been THE best Doctor Who.
Fans of the Time Lord had since 7.50pm last Saturday - exactly a week before the premiere of series eight this weekend - to decide which Doctor Who is their favourite and vote on WalesOnline.
And the winner is (tardis noise please)...... DAVID TENNANT!
Yes, the Converse wearing Doctor proved the most popular with Whovians who did our poll.
On average, Tennant - who was Doctor between 2006-2009 - rated 8.8 out of 10 with WalesOnline readers, while Tom Baker and Matt Smith were close behind with 7.7/10 and 7.3/10 respectively.
Bottom of the list were Sylvester McCoy and Colin Baker.
Behind the scenes Doctor Who show to return
Even John Hurt got a decent look in, despite only being present in the 50th anniversary special The Day of the Doctor, when they starred as the War Doctor alongside Tennant and Smith.
They scored an average of 6.4/10.
So now we know who is your, the fans', the best Doctor, it's time to find out what Doctor number 12 will be like.
Peter Capaldi's first episode airs on Saturday at 7.50pm on BBC One.
And while it's on, you'll be able to rate their performance against all the other Doctors who came before them with our special ‘Whometer'.
The countdown starts right now.
Only one entity can't seem to dump Donald Trump, no matter how hard it tries: the GOP. Why? Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank has the answer. (Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
Only one entity can't seem to dump Donald Trump, no matter how hard it tries: the GOP. Why? Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank has the answer. (Tom LeGro/The Washington Post)
It has been amusing to watch the brands — the PGA, NBC, Macy's, NASCAR, Univision, Serta — flee Donald Trump after their xenophobic remarks. Who even knew The Donald had a line of mattresses featuring Cool Action Dual Effects Gel Memory Foam?
But there is one entity that can't dump Trump, no matter how hard it tries: the GOP. The Republican Party can't dump Trump because Trump is the Republican Party.
One big Republican donor this week floated to the Associated Press the idea of having candidates boycott debates if the tycoon is onstage. Jeb Bush, Lindsey Graham and other candidates have lined up to say, as Rick Perry put it, that “Donald Trump does not represent the Republican Party.”
But Trump has merely held up a mirror to the GOP. The man, long experience has shown, believes in nothing other than himself. They have, conveniently, selected the precise basket of issues that Republicans want to hear about — or at least a significant proportion of Republican primary voters. They may be saying things more colorfully than others when they talk about Mexico sending rapists across the border, but their views show that, far from being an outlier, they are hitting all the erogenous zones of the GOP electorate.
Anti-immigrant? Against Common Core education standards? For repealing Obamacare? Against same-sex marriage? Antiabortion? Anti-tax? Anti-China? Virulent in questioning President Obama's legitimacy? Check, check, check, check, check, check, check and check.
1 of 12 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Cutting ties with Trump: Who has dumped them and why View Photos The Republican presidential hopeful has faced an avalanche of criticism over their characterization of illegal immigrants as “rapists,” drug dealers and other criminals. Caption The GOP presidential hopeful has faced an avalanche of criticism over their characterization of illegal immigrants. Randal Pinkett, Tara Dowdell and Kwame Jackso Former "Apprentice" contestants Randal Pinkett, right, Tara Dowdell, center, and Kwame Jackson speak at a news conference in New York. The contestants claim that a great deal of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's conversation has been divisive and extremely dangerous for America. Pinkett, a business consultant who won the show's fourth season, said they are grateful for the opportunities that have come their way as a result of “The Apprentice” but added, “because our allegiance to our country supersedes our relationship with Donald, we see today as an act of patriotism, not disloyalty.” Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
[As Donald Trump surges in polls, Democrats cheer]
Does anybody suppose Trump really cares about illegal immigration (which helps their construction interests, by suppressing wages) or about defending traditional marriage (he's had three)?
And we don't need to suppose: We can look back at what they did and said in 1999, when they were flirting with a run for the Reform Party presidential nomination and I accompanied them on a swing through Southern California.
I flew on their 727 with the winged “T” on the tail and the mirrored headboard on the bed, and I learned all about their prospective platform: progressive on social issues such as gays in the military, for campaign finance reform and universal health care, in favor of more regulation, opposed to investing Social Security money in the stock market. Most of all, they preached tolerance — contrasting themselves with Pat Buchanan, their rival for the nomination, who had made statements considered anti-Semitic and anti-immigrant.
Buchanan at the time had been talking about a “railroad killer” and other criminals entering illegally from Mexico. They said other politicians were afraid that “if they speak out against illegal immigration and they speak out against the crimes that are being committed, suddenly they'll be considered insensitive, or they say, ‘We might lose the Hispanic vote.' ”
Trump back then issued a statement saying they hate intolerance because in New York, “a town with different races, religions and peoples, I have learned to work with my brother man.” I accompanied them as they underscored the point by touring the Simon Wiesenthal Center's Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles.
“He seems to be a racist,” Trump said of Buchanan.
Since Donald Trump announced their presidential bid, he's drawn plenty of controversy and outrage for their comments on the campaign trail. Here are some of the key moments. (The Washington Post)
[Opinion: Why Donald Trump will be good for Republicans in 2016]
Now Trump is the one talking about Mexico sending us drugs, crime and rapists. Their shift is hardly surprising given their audience — and their competitors. Scott Walker talks about self-deportation, Graham talks about ending birthright citizenship, Ben Carson blames illegal immigrants in part for the measles outbreak, Rand Paul describes as lawbreakers those who were brought to the United States illegally as children, and even relatively moderate candidates such as Bush and Marco Rubio have hardened their immigration positions. Ted Cruz actually praised Trump.
Trump's position also closely follows those that came from Arizona in 2010 when then-Gov. Jan Brewer and other Republicans attempted an immigration crackdown. They spoke about illegal immigrants on the border as a source of beheadings, kidnappings and police killings.
The previously tolerant Trump may be a phony, but he's no dope: They recognized that, in the fragmented Republican field, their name recognition would take them far if they merely voiced, in their bombastic style, the positions GOP voters craved. The mogul's broader basket of issues is also in tune with those of a slate of candidates who have compared homosexuality to alcoholism (Perry), likened union protesters to the Islamic State (Walker) and proposed elections for Supreme Court justices (Cruz), and who virtually all oppose same-sex marriage and action on climate change.
It worked. Trump placed second in national polls by Fox News and CNN, virtually guaranteeing them a place in the first debate, on Aug. 6 — unless the GOP persuades Fox News, the host, to dump Trump.
That would be hard to justify. Trump may be a monster, but he's the monster Republicans created.
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Dissolved water in silicates can alter their structure, and hence significantly change their physical and chemical properties14,15,16,17, which can further influence geologic processes. One of the most important conclusions resulting from the Apollo and Luna missions was that no water was detected in returned samples or at the surface of the Moon1. The Moon was thought to have lost its volatiles as it formed from ejecta of the impact of a Mars-size planetesimal with the proto Earth, the favoured Moon formation scenario18, and during degassing of an early planet-wide magma ocean12,13. This notion has been included in most geophysical and geochemical models of formation and evolution of the Moon12,18. The view of a dry lunar interior, however, has been challenged by recent discoveries of water in picritic glass beads5, apatites6,7,8 and olivine melt inclusions9, which were facilitated by the improvements of the analytical detection limit of hydrogen. Indigenous water is suggested to be heterogeneously distributed in the lunar interior and some parts of lunar mantle may contain as much water as Earth's upper mantle5,9. Hydrogen isotopic compositions of apatites in mare basalts have been interpreted to indicate a hybrid source of the water, that is, a combination of lunar mantle, comets and solar-wind protons7. The chlorine isotope compositions in the lunar pyroclastic deposits, however, have been interpreted as suggesting an essentially anhydrous lunar interior19. It has been further suggested using magma ocean crystallization modelling that the water content of the bulk lunar magma ocean (LMO) was less (possibly far less) than 100 ppm and water was later added during mantle cumulate overturn or through impacts11.
Here we have measured water in primary products of the LMO, thereby bypassing the processes of later addition of water to the Moon through impact events or during mantle overturn as suggested by previous studies7,11. These data are used to estimate the water content of the Moon's interior at the time of the magma ocean, as well as that of the mare magma source regions. So far, ferroan anorthosite (FAN) is the only available lithology that is believed to be a primary product of the LMO (refs 12, 13). It is generally accepted that plagioclase, after crystallization, floated in the magma ocean and formed FAN as the original crust of the Moon12. Therefore, any indigenous water preserved in pristine FAN was partitioned from the magma ocean. Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) was used to measure water contents in plagioclases of FANs 15415,238 and 60015,787 (see Supplementary Information S1). Both these samples have >98 vol% of plagioclase with anorthite contents >96%. To assess the water inventory in the lunar highland upper crust, nominally anhydrous minerals in troctolite 76535,164 (see Supplementary Information S1) were also analysed using FTIR. Troctolite, an olivine-rich end ember of the Mg suite that composes about half of the highland upper crust20, is thought to be derived from the magma ocean crystallization products, but its detailed origin is under debate20.
The mineral grains allocated for this study are from the interior portion of each individual rock. Therefore, potential hydrogen implanted by solar wind10 was avoided because direct solar implantation is limited to 0.2 μm depth from the sample surfaces21, and even though micrometeorite gardening and melting can transfer OH to some depth on the basis of a recent study of lunar agglutinitic glasses10, such OH is in glasses from impact remelting, not pristine minerals. Layers of tens to a few hundred micrometres in thickness on both sides of each grain were also removed in the preparation of doubly polished parallel surfaces for FTIR analyses (see Methods), which further ensured the removal of any layer affected by solar implantation. Infrared spectra of plagioclase from FAN 15415,238 and 60015,787 are characterized by a small wide absorption band in the O–H region (Fig. 1 and Supplementary Fig. S2) that resembles those observed in terrestrial plagioclases22,23. This broad band (∼ 3,700 to ∼3,100 cm−1) is interpreted as absorption by structural O–H bond vibrations in plagioclase for two reasons. First, one of our doubly polished grains of 15415 was heated to 1,000 °C for 24 h in a high-purity N 2 atmosphere at the University of Michigan and then cleaned with the same procedure (see Methods). The band is strongly diminished in the heated sample, demonstrating that dehydration occurred (Fig. 2). Second, the anisotropy of the O–H absorption band height or absorbance area during rotation of the infrared polarizer relative to the plagioclase crystals, and the 90° interval between maximum and minimum (Supplementary Fig. S4) demonstrate that this band (Fig. 1 and Supplementary Fig. S2) cannot be caused by water in minute melt or fluid inclusions23 or by contamination during sample preparation. Furthermore, O–H absorbance area does not seem related to the degree of plagioclase fracturing that was probably produced during impact. Total integrated absorption areas of the OH bands (A tot in cm−2) along three mutually perpendicular directions (see Supplementary Information S2) were converted to water contents ( C H 2 O in parts per million by weight of H 2 O) using the Beer–Lambert law in the form C H 2 O = A tot /I′, where I′ is the calibrated specific integral absorption coefficient (15.3±0.7 ppm−1 cm−2 for feldspars22). Although infrared absorbances are typically reproducible between different laboratories24, we nonetheless verified the accuracy of our measurement by analysing an external standard, the plagioclase used for the absorption coefficient calibration22, GRR1968. The total absorbance area of spectra at three mutually perpendicular directions and with sample thickness normalized to 1 cm is 1,712 cm−2, differing from that of 1,688 cm−2 in ref. 22 by 1.4% relative, thereby verifying inter-laboratory reproducibility. The water contents in plagioclases are ≥5.0 ppm H 2 O by weight (grain Pl3) for 15415,238 and 6.4 ppm for 60015,787 (Supplementary Table S1). Note that there could be a systematic error in the calibration for plagioclase, which would act to underestimate water contents calculated using this calibration (see Supplementary Information S2).
Figure 1: Representative polarized FTIR spectra of plagioclase from FANs. a,b, Spectra for 15415,238 (a) and 60015,787 (b) at mutually perpendicular orientations (Ext1, Ext2 and Ext3: optical extinction directions 1, 2 and 3) are normalized to 1 mm and shifted vertically for comparison. The dashed line indicates the baseline position used for water content estimations. The narrow peaks (3,000–2,800 cm−1) most probably come from organic contamination on the mineral surface during sample preparation22,23. The spectra with the same label (for example, Ext1) for different crystals were not taken at the same crystal orientation relative to the mineral crystallographic axis. Full size image
Figure 2: FTIR spectra of plagioclase from 15415,238 before and after heating at 1,000 °C for 24 h. FTIR analyses were performed on the sample before (upper thick curve with the dashed baseline used for water content estimation) and after the heating experiment (lower thin curve) at the same orientations of the sample relative to the polarizer (Ext1 and Ext2, respectively). The diminished band (∼ 3,700 to ∼3,100 cm−1) in the spectrum of the heated sample demonstrates that dehydration occurred. The band in the untreated sample is due to absorption of O–H bond vibration, and not an artefact in the baseline. Full size image
The water partition coefficient between plagioclase and silicate melt is not well constrained (see Supplementary Information S3), which is a main source of uncertainty in the following discussion. Using a partition coefficient of 0.004 between plagioclase and silicate melt25, the water content of a melt in equilibrium with 60015 plagioclases is calculated to be ∼ 1,600 ppm H 2 O. Co-crystallized pyroxene cumulates should contain ∼ 11 ppm H 2 O using a partition coefficient of 0.007 between pyroxene and silicate melt26. About 1,600 ppm represents the amount of water in the residual melt of the magma ocean, when floating plagioclase was forming the original lunar crust. At that point, approximately 80 vol% of the LMO is thought to have been solidified12. Using this degree of crystallization, the amount of water in the parental magma of FAN 60015, that is, in the initial magma ocean, is inferred to be ∼ 320 ppm H 2 O (Fig. 3). The first crystallized olivine cumulate in the LMO could have ∼ 0.6 ppm of water using a partition coefficient of 0.002 between olivine and silicate melt27, which is much higher than ∼ 90 ppb of water in the lunar mantle inferred from Cl isotope studies19. As crystallization of the LMO continued, volatiles and other incompatible trace elements became enriched in the magma ocean residuum. On the basis of the LMO model12, the final 2 vol% of the magma ocean residuum (urKREEP) that may be the source of the potassium, rare-earth and phosphorus (KREEP)-rich lithologies unique to the Moon potentially could have had as much as ∼ 1.4 wt% of water. This is an order of magnitude higher than the thousands of parts per million maximum suggested previously11, and also 1.5 orders of magnitude higher than 850–1,100 ppm in Earth's primitive mantle28 (Fig. 3). This implies that the LMO crystallization products could have spanned a wide range of water contents, from <1 ppm to ∼ 1.4 wt% (Fig. 3). After the LMO solidification, these materials are thought to have undergone gravitational overturn driven by density difference29. Overturned lunar cumulate mantle provided the source regions for mare basalts12,29. Even assuming 20% of partial melting of the source regions of mare basalts in which water was detected5,6,7,8,9, calculated water contents of their source regions are still well within the range of those we calculated for the primary magma ocean products inferred from water content in plagioclase from FANs (Fig. 3).
Figure 3: Water contents in LMO products and mantle sources of basalts through time. Model ages are used for primary magma ocean products12,13 and isochron ages for the basalts (Supplementary Table S2). Water contents of the initial magma ocean (LMO), the first crystallized olivine cumulate (first Ol), co-crystallized pyroxene cumulate (cxt Px) and urKREEP were estimated from the water content measured in FAN plagioclases. The black dashed line from LMO to urKREEP shows the water content evolution in magma ocean residua. The water contents of mantle sources with isochron ages <4.0 Gyr were calculated assuming 20% (green) or 3% partial melting (purple; Supplementary Table S2). Full size image
Even a small amount of water can change the liquid line of descent of melt and suppress crystallization of plagioclase relative to olivine and clinopyroxene, such as in mid-ocean ridge basalts15. Therefore, the amount of water we calculated could affect the LMO crystallization dynamics, especially for the last few tens of volume per cent of magma ocean residuum. The depression of the liquidus due to increased water contents would also prolong the crystallization of the LMO and potentially explain an extraordinarily young age (4,360 ± 3 Myr) for FAN 60025 (ref. 30) in the framework of a magma ocean model. Note that an alternative explanation of the young age has been suggested by challenging the existence of a global magma ocean30. Even if the latter argument is correct, the measured water concentration in plagioclase can still be used to infer water contents of parental magmas of cumulates that formed the earliest lunar crust. Moreover, the relatively high abundance of water (∼ 1.4 wt%) in urKREEP can significantly change its physical properties, such as lowering density16 and viscosity17, which could affect the dynamics of magma ocean cumulate overturn29. In summary, the variable amounts of water in urKREEP and earlier cumulates (Fig. 3) could play a critical role on the genesis of lunar basalts, in which indigenous water has been recently discovered5,6,7,8,9, in a similar way to the role of water in terrestrial oceanic mantle melting regimes14.
Intrinsic water was also detected in plagioclase of troctolite 76535,164 (Fig. 4 and Supplementary Fig. S3). The minimum water contents vary from 0.8 to 2.7 ppm (Pl1 of 76535,164) (Supplementary Table S1). No O–H absorption band has been observed in a 1.055-mm-thick olivine from this troctolite (Fig. 4), implying a H 2 O content of <1 ppm. The fact that plagioclase is more hydrous than olivine is consistent with the H 2 O partition coefficient between olivine and melt being smaller than that between plagioclase and melt25,27. The minimum whole-rock water content of troctolite 76535 is ∼ 2 ppm on the basis of its mineral modal abundance, which is lower than that calculated for the initial magma ocean from our FAN data.
Figure 4: Representative polarized FTIR spectra of troctolite 76535,164. a,b, Spectra of plagioclase (a) and olivine (b) at two mutually perpendicular orientations (Ext1 and Ext2) are normalized to 1 mm and shifted vertically for comparison. The dashed line indicates the baseline position used to calculate water concentrations (see Supplementary Information S2). No obvious OH bands are observed in the spectra taken with orientation Ext1 of plagioclase or in any of the olivine spectra. The narrow peaks between 3,000 and 2,800 cm−1 most probably come from organic contamination on the mineral surface during sample preparation22,23. Full size image
The presence of indigenous water in FAN and troctolite suggests that the highland upper crust is not anhydrous. Considering the distributions of two major lithologies (FAN and Mg suite) in the highland upper crust20 and assuming that the results for 60015 (∼ 6 ppm) and 76535 (∼ 2 ppm) are representative of FANs and the Mg suite, respectively, the upper crust may contain ∼ 4 ppm of indigenous water. Incidentally, trace amounts of water/hydroxyl have been detected in the lunar highlands surface by various spacecrafts, although lack of hydroxyl reflectance calibration meant that it could not be quantified3. Hence, another implication of the results presented here is that the water measured in lunar highland lithologies may contribute a significant portion of the water detected by spacecraft.
Handcrafted Art Toys
As all artists since the beginning of time, we always search for masters and mentors to look up to, whose work speaks to us on a spiritual level, those artworks that touch our hearts or engage our minds or maybe even enrage us. So, when I started my career as a Toy Designer, I needed to find beacons to light up the toy crafting path ahead.
“Could we ever know each other in the slightest without the arts?” – Gabrielle Roy
2PetalRose
Their nickname is just perfect and incapsulates the beauty of their art toys: 2Petalrose, aka Liam Scriven from London UK, is one of my all-time favourite toy designers. Their handcrafted toys are just exquisite, their style is so unique and so detailed that you could spend literally hours just gauging at their gallery and instagram account, just to make sure you don't miss any of their hidden details. One of my favorite posts on instagram was when they showed the sole of one of their beautiful resin art toys with the comment “I know you won't ever see it but…”; that kind of commitment and effort shows you the amount of love that goes into each piece of art that they create.
2PetalRose
Foolsparadise
The art toy that I fell in love with designed by Foolsparadise (Alan Ng) was Keiko. I was hypnotized by the twisted vibe that these art toys emanate. And to be honest I didn't know why I felt they had that twisted ooze, until I had a talk with my friend Trustpigs (aka Nick Curtis) and they told me that in fact the founder of Fools paradise created the main characters of their handmade toys series as inmates of the Fools Paradise asylum, which specialized in people who thought they were human-animal hybrids. Thus we later got the interpretations we now know, which were how these characters see themselves… like Keiko as a bear-headed vixen.
Foolsparadise
THE Jason Freeney
If you haven't heard of Jason Freeney or at least seen one of their famous art toys, I'm sorry but you must have lived under a rock. Their works are so deep, literally and figuratively, their dissected toy are the most famous ones — from the balloon poodle to the dissected lego figurines. Lately they released a toy collection of dissected superheroes with Mighty jaxx which I absolutely love.
Jason Freeney
KOZIK
Frank Kozik's art toys are so badass and so in your face; some of them are political and all of them are non-apologetic, they have the right amount of juxtaposition. The more you learn about their work and about their personally, the more you love their art toys and you will end up like me buying at least a couple of copies for your personal art toy collection.
Frank Kozik
crackedhatchet
Their style is a mixture of clean shapes and dynamic poses, with a handmade feel, and in my opinion that mix is what sets their art toys apart from everything that is out there. And on top of being a great toy artist, they are a machine when it comes to the amount of toys they can create, all handcrafted, hand cast, hand painted.  They are an amazing dude, but you can already tell from how awesome their Art Toys are.
whereschappell's Instagram
Plasticell
The first art toy that I saw made by PlastiCell was the famous Tupac shakur figurine, and I gotta tell you, the way these guys where able to capture the essence of Amaru, from the beautiful peaceful pose, to the amazing hand painted details on the bandana… Don't get me started on the tattoos that look soooooo badass. The amount of work that goes into each figurine is just mind-boggling. You have to follow the guy on instagram, so you can see the amount of love that goes into all their beautiful handcrafted art toys.
Plastic Cell
Playge
Dangerous Badass Cuteness — the characters these guys create are just too hard to describe, cause when you tell somebody that they are the most badass and cute toy you have ever seen, they look at you as if that's not possible for an Art Toy. To juxtapose of cuteness and badassery is just awesome; combining the cuteness of their goggly eyes, with their shotguns, bombs, chemical weapons, bazookas, and most importantly the gas masks. And did I tell you that they are wearing real clothes? And that it comes with tons of accessories— make sure to check the pockets.
Squadt
The University of Maryland is set to host an event on “black feminist sexual politics” this fall inspired by the late Grace Lee Boggs, a known Marxist and proud member of the communist party.
The event, called “Reimagining Everything,” takes a popular quote from Boggs as its tagline, who said that “the time has come for us to reimagine everything…we have to reimagine ourselves.”
“[Boggs had] a thick FBI file and a surprising vision of what an American revolution can be.”
Accuracy in Media, which initially reported the story, notes that a PBS film about Boggs described them as having a “thick FBI file and a surprising vision of what an American revolution can be.”
Nevertheless, UM-College Park's Department of Women's Studies will host a daylong event in celebration of Bogg's legacy that promises to be “a transformative interdisciplinary conversation between emerging dynamic scholars in the fields of Gender and Sexuality Studies, American Studies, Asian American Studies, and African American Studies.”
[RELATED: AAUP conference emphasizes flag burning and social justice]
An advertisement for the event provides a list of topics that will be discussed, including “black feminist sexual politics,” “Chicana feminist praxis and digital humanities,” “queer of color performance art and culture,” and “interrogations of the human and art”—all of which will “speak to the important imaginative work Boggs understood as vital to social justice, activism, and revolution.”
UM is not alone in its appreciations of Boggs, though. In fact, President Obama released a statement on the day of their passing last October, saying their ideas “challenged us all to lead meaningful lives.”
[RELATED: Students nation-wide to attend four-day, university funded white privilege bash]
This fall's event will feature 12 professors from schools around the nation and will be free of charge to the public, meaning it is possibly funded in part by taxpayer dollars.
Professor L.H. Stallings, the event's organizer, did not respond to requests for comment from Campus Reform by press time.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
Amazon is looking out for the kids with its latest purchase. The online retail giant announced that it's acquiring online education company TenMarks.
TenMarks offers teachers in need online curriculum aids with a focus on mathematics. Their programs help make it easier for educators to develop lesson plans customized for the individual needs of K-12 students. The initial tools are free, but teachers can also choose to purchase more robust, premium features designed to pinpoint why exactly students are struggling and offer personalized advice on what teachers can do to assist. And it's all made to work seamlessly with the Common Core State Standards (CCSS) framework.
The acquisition by Amazon obviously gives TenMarks a lot more resources. In the press release, Amazon's Kindle vice president, Dave Limp, touted the widespread use of Kindles in "tens of thousands" of classrooms as just one of the ways Amazon can help supplement TenMarks's already award-winning programs.
"Amazon and TenMarks share a commitment to developing easy-to-implement solutions for schools and families," said TenMarks co-founder Rohit Agarwal in a statement. "Going forward, we believe Amazon and TenMarks will create significant innovations in the K-12 arena."
On the TenMarks website, interested teachers can try out a demo of the software, watch other teachers' successful testimonials, or just go ahead and download the free programs.
The deal is expected to close sometime in the fourth quarter.
As the furor continues over President Donald Trump's Charlottesville comments, their personal lawyer appears to have added fuel to the fire.
John Dowd, who leads the president's legal team, forwarded an email that among other things, argued there no difference between Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee and George Washington, according to The New York Times, which published excerpts of that email.
The original author of the email, whose subject line was “The information that validates President Trump on Charlottesville,” is Jerome Almon, who runs several websites that promote conspiracy theories, said The Times. A key line from the missive said:
‘You cannot be against General Lee and be for General Washington, there literally is no difference between the two men.' — Portion of email forwarded by John Dowd, personal lawyer for President Donald Trump
The email rattles off similarities between Lee and Washington — both owned slaves, both “rebelled against the ruling government” and both “saved America.” And neither man is different from other historic figures such as Napoleon, Shaka Zulu, Alexander the Great or Ramses II.
“People send me things. I forward them,” Dowd told The Times in a short telephone interview.
Historians said the email had echoes of secessionist Civil War propaganda. The email's author, Almon, told The Times that they were hoping the email would reach Trump because they don't feel the president is “getting the correct advice or proper information.” Almon, who is black, also said in the email that protesters should “go back to ghettos and do raise their children and rebuild places like Detroit.”
The email was forwarded by Dowd to several journalists, along with a senior Homeland Security official. One of those provided a copy to The Times.
jQuery.com, the official website of the popular cross-platform JavaScript library of the same name, has been compromised and has been redirecting visitors to a website hosting the RIG exploit kit and, ultimately, delivering information-stealing malware.
While any website compromise is dangerous for users, this one is particularly disconcerting because of the demographic of its users, says James Pleger, Director of Research at RiskIQ.
“The jQuery library is a very popular toolkit for developing websites with dynamic content and is widely used by developers within enterprises. jQuery users are generally IT Systems Administrators and Web Developers, including a large contingent who work within enterprises,” they pointed out.
“Typically, these individuals have privileged access to web properties, backend systems and other critical infrastructure. Planting malware capable of stealing credentials on devices owned by privilege accounts holders inside companies could allow attackers to silently compromise enterprise systems, similar to what happened in the infamous Target breach.”
The attack was first detected on September 18, and given that the malicious redirector was hosted on a domain (jquery-cdn.com) that was registered on the same day, it's more than likely that that was the day when the attack actually started.
RiskIQ researchers have immediately notified the jQuery Foundation about the compromise, and reported that “the site's administrators were addressing the issue.”
Users who have visited the site on or around September 18 are advised to check whether they have been compromised by the malware. The researchers recommend immediately re-imaging of the system, resetting passwords for user accounts that have been used on it, and checking whether suspicious activity has originated from it (data exfiltration, etc.).
The good news is that there is no indication that the jQuery library itself has been affected.
UPDATE, 23 September, 10:11 PM CET Kris Borchers, Executive Director, jQuery Foundation, has sent us the following quote: “Despite significant investigation after being alerted to a potential issue, the jQuery Foundation has been unable to confirm or unearth any indication that a malicious script ever existed on our servers.”
This article was modified to reflect that statement, and to make clear that RiskIQ researchers stated that the issue was addressed by the jQuery team.
UPDATE, 24 September, 01:40 AM CET James Pleger, Director of Research at RiskIQ, had this to say about their findings: “We run crawling infrastructure that scans websites for security issues, much like a user would. During a crawl, we detected the attempt to exploit our crawler, because we save the raw content that we receive from websites that we browse, we were able to definitively determine that it came from jquery.com. We were able to verify these findings with several Fortune 100 companies as well, who had seen the jquery-cdn.com domain with a referrer of jquery.com in their proxy logs.”
“This is the raw content that we saw from our crawler. On page 10, you can see the content that their server returned a page with the script tag that points to jquery-cdn.com clearly visible.”
UPDATE, 24 September, 12:30 PM CET So far the investigation has been unable to reproduce or confirm that our servers were compromised,” Ralph Whitbeck, jQuery Foundation board member, shared in a blog post. “We have not been notified by any other security firm or users of jquery.com confirming a compromise. Normally, when we have issues with jQuery infrastructure, we hear reports within minutes on Twitter, via IRC, etc.”
“Even though we don't have immediate evidence of compromise, we have taken the proper precautions to ensure our servers are secure and clean,” they pointed out. “Currently the only potential system compromised is the web software or server that runs jquery.com. We have asked RiskIQ to help us look through our server logs and systems to help identify when and how a compromise happened.”
UPDATE, 25 September, 18:00 PM CET The jQuery Infrastructure team said that they have received widespread reports and confirmed a compromise of jquery.com.
“This attack was aimed at defacing our sites, and did not inject malware like the attack that was reported on September 18th by RiskIQ. We believe that these are separate incidents that may have used the same attack vector,” they shared in a blog post.
“We took the site down as soon as we realized there was a compromise and cleaned the infected files. We are taking steps to re-secure our servers, upgrade dependencies, and address vulnerabilities,” they pointed out, adding later that they have moved the site to a new server only running code they trust.
“At no point today have there been reports of malware being distributed from any of our sites, nor has the code of any jQuery libraries on our website or CDN been affected or modified today or during last week's reported attack. Some of this confusion stems from last week's attackers having set up a domain name intended to dupe users into thinking it was the official jQuery CDN. Please note that the official domain for jQuery files hosted from our official CDN is code.jquery.com.”
Image caption Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff uses Twitter to get their message out
It was a very modern way to announce a very old-fashioned death.
Shortly after midnight in the US state of Utah, Attorney General Mark Shurtleff picked up their Apple iPhone, opened up a Twitter "app" on their handset and began tweeting.
But Mr Shurtleff's 134-character composition was no ordinary post. This was not a piece of miscellany from the 53-year-old's home life, a link chosen to amuse or interest their followers, nor even a political prod at their Democratic rivals.
Instead, Mr Shurtleff used Twitter to announce that most important of all things: the death of a human being, convicted murderer Ronnie Lee Gardner.
Utah has sentenced Ronnie Lee Gardner to death by FIRING SQUAD. What is this? The 1800s? Nicolas Callegari, South African tweeter Read Nicolas' tweets here
"I just gave the go ahead to Corrections Director to proceed with Gardner's execution. May God grant them the mercy they denied their victims," the attorney general wrote.
The message would have been seen by the 7,000 or so users who "follow" Mr Shurtleff on Twitter.
But thanks to the exponential way in which messages are spread on Twitter - being "retweeted" by those who find them interesting - the Utah politician's words soon found their way to a wider audience.
'Final nod'
In all Mark Shurtleff sent three tweets around the time that a five-man firing squad put Gardner to death.
In their first, sent at 1318 local time (1918 GMT) on Thursday, Mr Shurtleff acknowledged the gravity of the occasion.
"A solemn day. Barring a stay by Sup Ct [US Supreme Court], & with my final nod, Utah will use most extreme power & execute a killer. Mourn their victims. Justice".
Later they posted confirmation that they had indeed given that "final nod".
Fifteen minutes after that, at 0015 local time, their Tweet served a purpose more recognisable to regular users of the service: self-publicity.
"We will be streaming live my press conference as soon as I'm told Gardner is dead. Watch it at www.attorneygeneral.Utah.gov/live.html" they wrote.
Image caption Mark Shurtleff has twice won re-election as Utah attorney general
Mr Shurtleff was doing nothing unusual: politicians and news organisations now routinely send out tweets to alert people to the latest developments.
But as Twitter users digested endless breaking news flashes alerting them to the death of a man by firing squad in the United States, for some Mr Shurtleff's remarks stood out from the rest.
Within minutes a line from the BBC's news story was in circulation: "Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff used the Twitter micro-blogging site to say they had given the go-ahead for execution."
Reacting to the news one British tweeter, Sam Delaney, under their username Fyshdesign, wrote simply: "That's awful!"
Switzerland-based Guy Ordway added simply: "Crikey". A Bangkok tweeter adopted Twitter parlance, dubbing the event the "twttrexecution".
Another user, known only as Brenstrong, observed in a public reply that: "death penalty bad enough. Firing squad! And there's an absurdity to a man's demise being announced over twitter..."
Gardner's execution was not Mr Shurtleff's first foray on Twitter. They first made headlines in 2009 when they posted in public a message intended to be sent privately - revealing tentative plans to run for the US Senate.
They have now sent 632 tweets and appears to use the service regularly to update their followers on events in Utah.
For some at least, using Twitter to announce the execution of a man is just an extension of that public service.
Utah resident Davy, known on Twitter as jockhippie, summed up that train of thought: "Good job mark shurtleff! using Twitter!"
Jose Mourinho is open to selling Wayne Rooney, sources have told ESPN FC, as the Manchester United manager plans to continue an overhaul of the squad in the wake of a chaotic start to the season.
Mourinho no longer sees United captain Rooney as having a primary role in their side, and is looking to make further changes in January that will require further sales.
The Beyond the Pitch podcast had reported on Monday night that Mourinho -- who denied that they wanted to sell Rooney on Sunday -- has told the 31-year-old's agent they will have to leave to secure regular football, and ESPN FC sources have said the Portuguese would welcome the funds to refresh their squad.
Mourinho wants to bring in at least one full-back -- initially prioritising the right side, with Everton's Seamus Coleman and Monaco's Fabinho the top targets -- as well as the commanding centre-back they did not get in the summer, and more pace up front.
United now see Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann as their top target for the next year, although there is acknowledgement it will be a difficult deal to pull off. It could be even more difficult to move Rooney on, however, because of their huge wages.
Wayne Rooney last started a Premier League game for Manchester United in their 3-1 loss at Watford on Sept. 18.
The England captain signed a new deal in January 2014, and the image rights involved are said by sources to be particularly lucrative, taking their total pay to well over £350,000 a week.
To secure a similar deal, Rooney would likely have to join one of the big-spending Chinese Super League clubs, although sources say they do not currently have an interest in going there, with an MLS franchise in Miami or New York seen as a more likely destination.
Sources say Mourinho has also been underwhelmed by Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who joined from Borussia Dortmund this summer, and England left-back Luke Shaw, but the United hierarchy do not wish to sell either player.
United, who broke the world transfer record when signing Paul Pogba from Juventus for £89.3 million in the summer, are currently seventh in the Premier League and have won only four of their past 10 games in all competitions after Sunday's 4-0 loss at Chelsea.
Miguel Delaney covers the Premier League and Champions League for ESPN FC. Twitter: @MiguelDelaney.
GIZA, Egypt – Framed against the great pyramids of Giza with a half-moon on the rise, a phalanx of Egyptian Army soldiers with three armored vehicles guarded the entrance to the vote counting center here.
This was the face of the Egyptian Army as protectorate of the country in its first elections in Egypt since the toppling of former President Hosni Mubarak. It was dusk and the soldiers seemed to be doing a good job keeping order.
But by nightfall on December 16th, just a few miles away in Tahrir Square, the army was engaged in its brutal and deadly crackdown on protesters, revealing what many feels is the true face of the old regime.
Before the violence erupted, Mohammed Abbas, a burly, working-class 26-year-old printer, was monitoring the vote counting center in the last light of a long day in Egypt's election process. They sat in a brown aviator jacket under a long blue tent with rows of tables with glass ballot boxes from which judges were pulling the ballots and counting them by hand.
A member of the Revolutionary Youth Council during the 18 days of protests that ended Mubarak's 30-year reign, Abbas was now a political candidate and they were here to see how their small party had fared in a run-off for a contested seat.
As the last round of voting for the lower house of parliament comes to a close this week, Abbas' one-year odyssey from Tahrir Square to the ballot box has been extraordinary. Their journey reveals the enormous challenges and high stakes that lie ahead in Egypt, the mounting frustration with the role of the military and of religion and ultimately perhaps a sense of hope tempered by an awareness that building a democracy will not be easy.
I have gotten to know Abbas through the last year and I was there alongside them in Tahrir Square one year ago, the night before Mubarak stepped down, when they famously took the stage and shouted a challenge to the military and to the crowd of more than 200,000 gathered there.
“The army has to choose between the regime and the Egyptian people,” Abbas shouted to the crowd in the cold February night.
Then they led a chant that seemed to galvanize the crowd: “The army! The people! One hand!”
The words thundered in Tahrir Square and the strategy of forcing the military to choose sides appeared to work. The next day Mubarak stepped down and their 30-year reign was over. Almost immediately, Abbas began to emerge as a face of the Revolutionary Youth Council and whispers of hope started to form around them and other young leaders as the next generation of parliamentarians.
Now nearly a year later, here was Abbas bathed in the blue glow of the tent and the string of bright lights under which the vote counting was taking place. They wore a clean, white sweater under their jacket, and I asked them about that famous chant, “The army. The people. One hand…”
I wanted to know how they felt about the army now that it had repeatedly shown willingness to use lethal force against the protest movement.
Abbas said, “They want the old system and the old regime. They want to be not ‘one hand,' but the upper hand.”
They said this with something of a sarcastic smile, but also with the pride of a young political candidate who just landed a very nice sound bite for a reporter. There was a sense that they were starting to get the game of politics.
On this night, they were waiting for the final tally for the small party they helped to start, known as the Egyptian Current Party. Abbas was forced out of the Muslin Brotherhood for founding the party, which seeks to have faith inform the shape of a new government and ultimately a new constitution but not control it. It opposes the implementation of Islamic law in Egypt and supports a more just approach to economic development.
Abbas themselves was slated to be a candidate in the January 3 round of voting in the district of Banha, north of Cairo, but on this evening they were anxiously waiting for word on how Egyptian Current fared in this seat in Giza.
'Killing their own sons and daughters'
As the long hours of vote counting grew tedious, Abbas fielded frantic texts on their phone that indicated the situation was deteriorating in Tahrir. They and several friends in the party began reaching out to the network of protesters, trying to get a read on the ongoing clashes in the square.
Their own path in this revolution, treading a perilous line between street protests and the promise of new elections, was unfolding right here in this tent on this night.
Abbas hails from a family that relied on the Muslim Brotherhood for health clinics, kindergartens and moral support in the days when poor districts of Cairo, like their native Imbaba, were neglected by the regime.
 They are an only son and their father died young from simple hepatitis which went neglected under a failing health care system. Left to take care of their mother and sisters by working in a printing shop, their status as an only son and primary provider for their family allowed them to avoid military service, which is mandatory in Egypt.
And so Abbas went solidly into the revolution as a member of the Brotherhood and eventually as one of its representatives in the Revolutionary Youth Council. Like most Egyptians they respected the role the military played in the heady days of protest, holding a line between the protesters and the regime. Ultimately Abbas, like the majority of the protest movement, accepted the military's promise to become the guarantors of a transition of power from Mubarak to a newly elected civilian government.
On this night that transition of military power was very much hanging in the air with a great deal of uncertainty. For Abbas, it came down to a lack of trust.
“We were relying on the army. They took our side. We thought they'd never turn on us. But I stopped using the slogan, “The army, the people,” on April 8 when I saw the army shooting and killing their own sons and daughters,” says Abbas, a grave look sweeping over their face and the smile of a candidate gone.
Watch Many Egyptians Fear Military Is Becoming New Face of Old Regime on PBS. See more from PBS NewsHour.
Abbas adds that they feel betrayed not only by the army, but also by the Muslim Brotherhood and its powerful new Freedom and Justice Party, which won 40 percent of the seats in the first two rounds of voting. In its race for political power, the Muslim Brotherhood has simply grown too close to the military, Abbas believes.
“I didn't leave the Brotherhood, they left me,” they say, adding that they feel the Brotherhood has not used its rising political clout enough to challenge the brutality of the military, particularly in November and December when it seemed the military had spun out of control as it killed scores of protesters.
'Freedom to choose'
Eventually the news from Tahrir escalated further. Abbas abruptly left, heading out of the warm glow of the tent and the buzz of the vote counting into the gathering darkness and toward the streets of Tahrir. As they left, I spoke with Major General Rageh Ahmed, who was in full uniform and seated alongside a high court judge at the head table in the tent overseeing the vote counting.
“We are both here to guarantee this election,” they said, smiling to the judge.
I asked them about the rising violence in Tahrir and the sense that the military was reacting with excessive force. They looked stern and surprised by the question and gave an answer that was as confusing as it was revealing.
“The military was the same before the revolution as it is now and it will be the same in the future,” Major General Ahmed said.
It would turn out to be a night of horrific violence in Tahrir Square. Abbas' fellow protester, Emad Effat — known in Tahrir simply as “the Imam” because they held a degree from the prestigious theological institute Al Azhar — was killed by the army. When I saw Abbas the following day their determination to challenge the military, both politically and in the streets, was more firm than ever.
On Jan. 3, Abbas faced their own election for one of four seats in Banha, the main constituency in Qalioubeya governorate. They ran as an Egyptian Current Party member under the Continuing Revolution Bloc. But the effort failed. The Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party took two of the seats. Al Nour, the party of the more puritanical Salafist wing of Islamists, won one seat. And the traditionally liberal Al Wafd Party won the remaining seat.
Despite the political defeat, Abbas said they recognize that their party's middle-of-the-road message of trying to balance religious faith and progressive politics is not being heard in the tumult of Cairo's first election since the end of the Mubarak era. Still Abbas says they are determined to continue their and the party's efforts.
“We are looking to further establish our party, we will invest the popularity we gained during this election, we will continue to run for the municipal departments which is as important as the parliament but on the community level,” they said.
That night in the tent in Giza, I asked Abbas if they have hope for the future in Egypt and how they feel about being part of a long and seemingly difficult process of Egypt's move toward democracy. They said they hoped the military would “stop standing in the way” of so many young people like themselves who they say put everything on the line to build a new Egypt. But, in the end of the day, they said, “I am proud of this revolution. And, yes, I am hopeful.”
They added, “We now have freedom to choose, and that is the diamond of our revolution.”
(Charles M. Sennott is GlobalPost's Executive Editor and co-founder. Their reporting in Egypt is part of a 'Special Report' titled "The Army, The People ...," which is examining the role of the military in Egypt's continuing revolution.)
GlobalPost correspondent Mohannad Sabry contributed reporting for this article.
This story is presented by The GroundTruth Project.
Remains of the 12th-century Trim Castle in County Meath, the largest Norman castle in Ireland. (PHOTO: ANDREW PARNELL/WIKIMEDIA COMMONS)
Rest in peace, Seamus Heaney. The latest exodus from the Emerald Isle has reached hyperbolic speed. The Financial Times titillating its readers with data porn:
Ireland's rate of emigration is continuing to increase and at one stage one person was leaving the country to live abroad every six minutes – the highest number since modern records began in the late 1980s. New figures published on Thursday show 397,500 people have emigrated since Ireland's financial crisis began in 2008, with most travelling to the UK, Australia and Canada in search of work. During the same period 277,400 people have returned or moved to Ireland, giving a net outward migration figure of 120,100. In a 12-month period from April last year, 10 people left every hour.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Using the same cited data for the same 12-month period, more than 20 people moved to Ireland every hour. Of course, that also means over 30 people emigrated from Ireland every hour. The centerfold shot:
Almost a third of 15 to 24-year-olds, who grew up during an era when highly paid jobs were plentiful, are now out of work and even those with jobs have seen their wages slashed. More than a third of people leaving the country in the 12-month period to the end of April were between 15 and 24 years of age. Some 50,900 of the 89,000 people who emigrated were Irish citizens while the rest were nationals from other countries.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Yes, throw some dirt on dear old Dublin. The Celtic Tiger can no longer hunt. Time to put them down.
Two variables explain much of outmigration, age and educational attainment. I've posted quite a bit about ties between a college education and geographic mobility. Concerning age, the younger you are (as an adult), the more likely you are to leave. Relatively speaking, Ireland's population is young:
In contrast to general European trends, the birth rate in Ireland is soaring. According to the Economic and Social Research Institute's latest Perinatal Statistics Report, Ireland's birth rate increased nearly 30 percent over the past 10 years, equating to about 17,000 more births in 2010 than 10 years before. The island boasts the highest birth rate of any European Union member.
Galway, a small college city on the Irish west coast, likes to tout itself as the "youngest city in Europe." In 2001, 40 percent of Ireland was under the age of 25. When the going gets tough, the young and college educated get going. Everywhere, not just in Ireland. All those babies will grow up and go to college. Then they will move away like all the other twentysomethings around the world.
The Journey Of Josh McRoberts
by
There's Kemba Walker, There's Al Jefferson and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist after that you might start talking about Josh McRoberts who was the Charlotte Hornets glue guy this past season as they proved that they could be an asset towards winning as they started on a playoff team.  They are only 27-years old but has gone on a whirlwind of a journey that has taken them from top high school prospect, to the D-League, a guy who goes on dates with Lauren from the hit MTV show “The Hills”,to bench warmer, to starter and now a guy who proved they can be a valuable asset to not only a playoff team but the NBA's 5th ranked defense that allowed only 97.3 points per game. McRoberts also had a career high in assists this season at 4.3 assists per game, they have opted out of their contract and will test the market. For better or for worse its been a long journey to get to this point.
In high school McRoberts was no joke at Carmel High School in Indiana where they averaged 17.9 points, 11.4 rebounds, 4.2 assists and 3 blocked shots. They parlayed that into being named an All-American and winning the MVP award of the 2005 McDonald's All-American game in a class that featured the likes of Gerald Green, Danny Green, Monta Ellis, Amir Johnson and Andrew Bynum. They would later go on to commit to play at Duke University.
After a high school career which would have allowed them to play in the NBA had they declared Josh took their talents to play for coach K. After 2 years at Duke McRoberts threw their name into the hat and decided to declare for the NBA draft in 2007. McRoberts was drafted in the 2nd round with the 37th overall pick by the Portland Trailblazers who immdiatley stuck them in the D-League with the Idaho Stampede.
Their D-League days were not smooth, in fact they looked awful at one point. They looked destined to be a journeyman of basketball abroad as of January 2008, here is an excerpt from Draft Express of they looked back in 2008.
“The ship continues to sink for the former top ranked player in the 2005 high school class, as after laying an egg in their first game here, they proceeded to have an even worse outing tonight, shooting 2-10 from the field.Josh McRoberts clearly doesn't want to be here—that much is obvious from their body language, seemingly floating up and down the floor aimlessly “with their thumb up their [rear end]” as one longtime NBA scout put it. He's coming off the bench behind two undrafted players in Lance Allred and Cory Violette who look destined for Europe—and quite frankly has not made any type of case for themselves to be receiving minutes over them.
Offensively, McRoberts does not seem to have a consistent way of creating points for himself. They looked incredibly soft in the post, fading away from contact, being unable or unwilling to use their body to create space, showing very little in the ways of actual post moves, and settling for bad shots. On the perimeter, McRoberts is making things way too difficult on himself, pulling up off the dribble on more than one occasion for mid-range jumpers (air-balling one of their attempts), and even trying to shoot an NBA 3-pointer.
Defensively, McRoberts could not stay in front of any of the D-League players they tried to guard tonight, and did not really put much effort at all into this part of their game–being outhustled for rebounds as well. Opposing players have gone right at them in both games we saw here, and McRoberts really hasn't responded to the challenge in the least bit.
The sooner McRoberts realizes how far they are right now from being an NBA player, the better off he'll be. From what we can tell, the Development League is exactly the place they need to be at the moment. Their lofty recruiting rankings from high school will only take them so far at this point, as they look pretty close to turning into a cautionary tale if he's not careful.”
After being buried in the D-League by the Blazers they were traded to their hometown Indiana Pacers where they would get the chance to play in the NBA. They played 147 games for the maze and blue and was a great energy guy off the bench for them. While they never really got the vote of confidence from the organization as a starter they gave them a chance to play at the pro level and they helped the franchise make the playoffs during the 2010-2011 season. After their run with the Pacers they were on the move again but this time to the Lakers.
They played 50 games for the Lakers in a minimum role and was again shipped out of town before they even got the chance to get comfortable this time to the Orlando Magic. At 25-years old McRoberts was on their 4th team and their career was at a crossroads, would they ever get a shot to prove himself? Could they be a valuable rotation player somewhere? After 41 games in Orlando they were traded to the Charlotte Bobcats for Hakim Warrick.
The move was not celebrated by Charlotte fans nor were people clamoring the box office to get tickets to see new Bobcats acquisition Josh McRoberts suit up next to Brendan Haywood or Byron Mullens but they endeared themselves by making hustle plays and heady interior passes. They aren't a great player but they improved the team on the floor. Before you knew it they had convinced the organization to bring them back for a full season and show what they could do.
This past season they would get the chance to start every game for the first time in their career and prove they could contribute to a winner. They would play alongside Al Jefferson who went on to finish 8th in MVP voting this year. They would serve as the teams secondary facilitator and allowed Kemba Walker to move off of the basketball a lot more than they previously did before McRoberts. What you saw was a guy parlay their first opportunity to start on a consistent basis into solid production, heady passes, good perimeter shooting and the occasional Sportscenter top 10 play. The result was a one of career bests as McRoberts set career highs in games started (78), assists (4.3), and 3-point percentage (36.1%). The team went 43-39 and made the playoffs for the first time since 2010. Although they got swept McRoberts had proven at age 27 that they can be a valuable asset to a winning team.
So they went from high school all-american to D-League player, to fringe rotation player, spot starter and then a starting power forward on a playoff team. Its crazy how much they have gone through from potentially becoming a cautionary tale of what could have been to as one Hornets fan would say “Indie Rock Jesus” in reference to theirs looks. The fact that a fan actually liked McRoberts to come up with something like that is a sign of how far they have come.
Josh has opted out of their contract and is testing the market and while there are questions to how much they will command from other suitors they have proven they can contribute to a winner. Back in March I got a chance to pick their brain about some stuff in the video above.
Advertisements
De la Rosa set to be 2nd Sauber driver, Heidfeld discarded
By The Offsider
January 3 2010
Spanish driver Pedro Martinez de la Rosa, to the date test and third driver of Mclaren-Mercedes, is about to be confirmed as the partner of Kamui Kobayashi in the Sauber team.
As we announced in this article the 2nd driver of the Hinwil-based squad is on the verge to be signed.
Now, going into further in-depth, we can inform that Peter Sauber has dropped Nick Heidfeld out of the list, with the "experienced man" believed to be the Spaniard Pedro Martinez de la Rosa.
According to Peter Sauber this driver will spring a surprise -well, not to us!- and is a man who will bring new ideas and new knowledge to the team; and if that wasn't clear enough, Peter discards again Nick Heidfeld when asked specifically about him.
The original interview can be found at: http://www.nzz.ch/nachrichten/sport/aktuell/ich_wuerde_das_wieder_machen_1.4421319.html
From what we have been told De la Rosa is being backed by a Spanish financial entity, believed to be the giant Santander, although another source has told it could rather be a Catalan entity -La Caixa-; in either way, the backing figure is expected to be of around 4 millions Euros, which would be very welcome at Hinwil. Nevertheless, we hear that this was not the main deciding factor for Peter Sauber.
View a Printer Friendly version of this Story.
Bookmark or share this story with: Digg
Digg Delicious
Delicious Facebook
Facebook Reddit
Reddit Stumbleupon
Stumbleupon Tweet
Once known for solely sending customers DVDs in the mail, Netflix over the past few years has quickly and impressively transitioned into a formidable media powerhouse. With a growing stable of exclusive content, Netflix isn't afraid to take out its wallet and spend bucks on content it thinks will help grow its subscriber base even further.
Most recently, Netflix forked over an incredible amount of money to secure the exclusive rights to Brad Pitt's upcoming movie War Machine, a film that will have Pitt take on the role of General Stanley A. McChrystal in what will reportedly be more of a comedy than a dramatic feature. For those unfamiliar, McChrystal resigned from the U.S. Army in 2010 after making unflattering remarks about Vice President Joe Biden in a Rolling Stone article.
DON'T MISS: Nintendo CEO Apologizes After Lackluster E3 Showcase Leads to a Collective Fanboy Meltdown
While Netflix typically likes to keep the particulars of its content deals secret, The Hollywood Reporter relays that Netflix agreed to bankroll the film's $60 million budget, handily making it Netflix's biggest film investment yet.
According to the report, traditional movie studios balked at the film's budget, prompting Pitt and their Plan B film production company to explore other avenues, a search which eventually led them to Netflix.
Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos was willing to pay the $60 million the filmmakers wanted, according to a knowledgeable insider, debunking reports that pegged the price at about half that. “It's great for the specialty film business, since people might be more willing to see challenging, liberal-leaning material in the comfort of their own home [rather] than in a movie theater,” says a source close to the deal. “More people might actually see the movie this way.”
Without question, Netflix is following in the footsteps of HBO to the extent that it's more than happy to spend top dollar to secure exclusive content. Underscoring Netflix's increasing focus on developing its own content, The New York Times noted the following a few months back:
“Daredevil” is the 17th Netflix original series to make its debut this year, representing a bold bet by the company to significantly increase its investment in exclusive programming. Just three years after Netflix started streaming its first original series, “Lilyhammer,” the company is planning 320 hours of original programming in 2015. That is about three times what it offered last year.
As for Pitt's film, War Machine is on track for a 2016 release, with filming slated to begin this August.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Art critics have blasted Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi after they had a 254-year-old masterpiece re-touched - to cover a woman's exposed breast.
Berlusconi, 71, was worried TV cameras would focus on it in Giovanni Battista Tiepolo's Time Unveiling Truth, seen on display behind them during media briefings - so they had a veil put over it.
The PM said they also had to consider the feelings of female cabinet members - including former topless model Mara Carfagna.
But art critic Vittorio Sgarbi fumed: "Madness. What are they going to do to the naked statues throughout Italy with busts that would take Pamela Anderson's breath away? You can't touch up a Tieplo."
The PM's spokesperson said: "The decision was taken for fear of offending people."
The Foo Fighters frontman and their wife Jordyn Blum announce baby Ophelia
Dave Grohl has become a father for the third time.
The Foo Fighters frontman and their wife Jordyn Blum welcomed a baby daughter into the world earlier this month, according to a post on the David Grohl Alley Scholarship Program's Facebook page – their non-profit organisation.
The news follows a sadder event in Grohl's life, after reports that the musician's father died earlier this month (August 6) after what has been described as a long-term illness.
“Bittersweet news – congratulations David Grohl and Jordyn Blum who have welcomed a new baby girl #3 Ophelia Grohl! The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away!!” the Facebook post reads.
Grohl and Blum have been married for 11 years and have two older daughters – Violet Maye, 8, and Harper Willow, 5 (pictured above right).
Last week, Foo Fighters announced that their new album, ‘Sonic Highways', will be released on November 10.
A leading Saudi newsmagazine closely tied to the Saudi royal family unprecedentedly published a major article by a prominent Israeli journalist that details Iran's responsibility for the 1992 bombing of the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires and the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish community center offices in the Argentinian capital.
The article, “Holding Iran Responsible,” which cites “overwhelming evidence” of Iran's role in the two devastating terrorist attacks in which more than 100 people were killed, was published in the November-December edition of Majalla magazine.
Majalla, which is published in London, is owned by a publishing house which is chaired by a Saudi prince, Badr bin Abdullah Al-Saud, and was formerly chaired by a son of Saudi King Salman, Prince Turki bin Salman Al Saud.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The piece was written by Israeli author Ronen Bergman, although Majalla does not explicitly state this. The article is, however, datelined “Buenos Aires – Tel Aviv.”
Bergman told The Times of Israel that the magazine, which has widely covered Israeli issues, had never previously commissioned a piece from an Israeli journalist.
The article opens with anguished testimony from an Israel diplomat, Danny Carmon, whose wife Eliora, the mother of their five children, was killed in the 1992 Embassy bombing.
It focuses heavily on the evidence accumulated by Argentinian investigator Alberto Nisman proving Iran's direct responsibility for the two bombings — the 1994 AMIA bombing was commissioned by top Iranian leaders in a meeting they held in Mashad in 1993 — and Nisman's allegations that the previous Argentinian government of president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner attempted to cover up Iran's role. So definitive and persuasive were Nisman's conclusions that Interpol placed the key Iranian conspirators, along with the former Hezbollah terror chief Imad Mughniyeh, on its international watch list, requiring member countries to assist in their arrests and extradition. Among those on the Interpol “red notice” list are Iran's former defense minister Ahmad Vahidi and failed presidential candidate Mohsen Rezai.
Nisman was found dead in January 2015 in a pool of blood, with a gunshot wound to their head, in their home in Buenos Aires hours before they were set to detail their allegations against Kirchner to an Argentinian congressional panel.
The Arabic version of the article includes a photograph of Nisman and Bergman at the latter's home in Israel.
Saudi-Israeli relations have been gradually warming in recent years, in large part because of shared concerns over the Iranian regime and especially its nuclear program.
A Saudi general visited Jerusalem and met with Knesset members last summer, and there have been various meetings between Saudi and Israeli officials in Washington, DC, and elsewhere.
Israel and Saudi Arabia do not have diplomatic relations.
Just off the coast of Sardinia, Italy, in the Gulf of Olbia, lies the lonely island of Tavolara, that rises out of the sea as a jagged mountain five kilometers long and one kilometer wide. Towards one end, facing the Italian coast, the mountain slopes down to form a narrow isthmus with a long, sandy beach. The isthmus is the only habitable part of the island. It's here that Giuseppe Bertoleoni's family and descendants have been living for the past two hundred years.
Giuseppe Bertoleoni, a Genovese immigrant, arrived on the island in 1807, with the intention of living there with one of their two wives and their children, to escape bigamy charges. Upon arriving, Giuseppe proclaimed themselves as the king of the island, a title Giuseppe claimed was verbally bestowed upon them by Carlo Alberto, King of Sardinia, while on a hunting trip to the island in 1836. Since then Giuseppe's family has ruled over the island and its only inhabitants —the family themselves— for the last seven generations. They sustain themselves by goat farming and fishing, and selling souvenirs to tourists. They also run the island's two restaurants.
Photo credit: www.laglientu.com
Soon after arriving on the island, Giuseppe found that the island was inhabited by a rare species of wild goats whose teeth were dyed a golden-yellow color by the seaweed and lichen they ate. When word of the gilt-toothed goats reached Sardinia's ruler, Carlo Alberto, they themselves travelled to Tavolara in 1836 to hunt the animal. The story goes that Giuseppe's 24-year-old son, Paolo, went out to greet the king and introduced themselves as the King of Tavolara.
After spending three days on the island as Bertoleoni's guest, Carlo Alberto was so delighted that they said, “Paolo, you really are the King of Tavolara!” before sailing off. A few years later, however, when the state property administration tried to expropriate the Bertoleoni family of their island, Paolo Bertoleoni went to Turin to see Carlo Alberto and obtained from King Alberto a scroll recognizing Paolo as king of Tavolara.
King Carlo I Bertoleoni and their family, which the Bertoleoni family claims was displayed in Buckingham Palace with the caption "The royal family of Tavolara, in the gulf of Terranova, the smallest kingdom in the world."
Paolo Bertoleoni returned to the island and created the Bertoleoni coat of arms and proudly painted it on the wall of their home. In the 1900s, Britain's Queen Victoria, who was collecting photographs of the leaders of the world at that time, sent their personal photographer to the island to shoot the royal family. This picture still hangs at the Buckingham Palace museum, in London, and on the wall of the island's restaurant.
In 1934, the Bertoleoni family's sovereignty officially came to an end when the island was annexed by Italy. Then in 1962, NATO established a base on the eastern half of the island making almost that entire half off-limits to its residents. Today, the family owns only 50 hectares of the island. Although no longer a ruler, they continue to serve their role as the protector of the island. The current “King Tonino” is trying hard to get their kingdom officially recognized, which would make Tavolara the smallest kingdom in the world.
Photo credit: ansmartie/Flickr
Photo credit: Simone Zucchelli/Flickr
Photo credit: Ross Huggett/Flickr
Sources: BBC / The Star / www.ristorantereditavolara.com / Wikipedia
Breaking Down NFL DB Burn Rate & Likely Week 13 WR Beneficiaries
Alex Dunlap, Rosterwatch.com
Its a must win week and you have tough roster decisions. This is a tie-breaker tool to be used in conjunction with the Matchup Tool and The Targets page to help you make the most informed WR sit/start decision. Make sure and tweet us or comment with questions.
1. Deangelo Hall CB Redskins
49 Burns for 4 TDs
Facing: NYJ WR Santonio Holmes
2. Charles Tillman CB Bears
49 Burns for 1 TD
Facing: Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe
3. Jason McCourty CB Titans
48 Burns for 1 TD
Facing: Bills WR Steve Johnson
4. Devin McCourty CB Patriots
47 Burns for 4 TDs
Facing: Colts WR Pierre Garcon
5. Tim Jennings CB Bears
46 Burns for 1 TD
Facing: Chiefs WR Steve Breaston
6. Sean Smith CB Dolphins
45 Burns for 5 TDs
Facing: Raiders WRs Denarius Moore /Chaz Schillens
7. Corey Webster CB Giants
44 Burns for 3 TDs
Facing: Packers WR Greg Jennings
8. Patrick Peterson CB Cardinals
42 Burns for 3 TDs
Facing: Cowboys WR Dez Bryant
9. Eric Wright CB Lions
42 Burns for 2 TDs
Facing: Saints WR Lance Moore
10. A.J. Jefferson CB Cardinals
41 Burns for 1 TD
Facing: Cowboys WR Laurent Robinson
MOST TDs Given up on Burned Plays
7 TDS
Justin King CB Rams FACING: 49ers WR Michael Crabtree
Brandon Flowers CB Chiefs FACING: Bears WR Johnny Knox
Roman Harper S Saints FACING Detroit WR Titus Young and TE Brandon Pettigrew
The Auckland courier company was found guilty of breaching the rights of 15 young migrant workers.
An Auckland courier company will have to pay more than $60,000 in fines after they were found to have breached the rights of 15 migrant workers.
Following a Labour Inspectorate investigation DK Transport Limited were fined for 58 breaches, including failing to pay minimum wage, provide written employment agreements, and deducting wages without written consent.
The company will have to pay a $40,000 penalty on top of $23,621 already paid in arrears to workers.
Labour Inspectorate regional manager David Milne said all New Zealanders must meet minimum employment standards.
READ MORE:
* Grocer fined $12,000 for attempt to exploit migrant worker
* Masala restaurant boss sentenced for exploiting migrant workers
* Matthew Ridge's car wash exploited migrant workers
* Wellington spice store that exploited migrant worker placed in liquidation
"We take this kind of breaches very seriously, with many of the impacted employees young, migrant workers who may not have been aware of their minimum employment entitlements."
Of the $40,000 penalty to be paid, $17,750 will be paid to workers for the harm they suffered.
Canterbury police Constable Harriet Carey rescued Daisy the duck from a savage beating at a pond in Halswell Domain in Christchurch earlier this month. They released them back into the pond to Wednesday.
Daisy the duck's feathered friends have greeted them as they returned to a Christchurch lake nearly three weeks after being brutally bashed by a piece of wood.
Police were called to Halswell Domain on William Brittan Ave in Halswell on October 5 to find an elderly man bashing a duck. The duck, since named Daisy, was rescued by Constable Harriet Carey. They had bruising and abrasions to their dorsum and right wing.
Volunteers from the Christchurch Animal and Bird Hospital on Ferry Rd in Waltham spent 20 days nursing their back to health.
CANTERBURY POLICE Ducks, including two who had helped Daisy after the beating, waited for them at the pond.
"[Her] neck was bent at a funny angle and it was struggling to stay afloat. It was being supported by two other ducks that were using their beaks to stop [her] from drowning – I have never seen anything like it," Carey said at the time.
READ MORE:
* Daisy Duck 'on the slow road to recovery' after bashing at Christchurch park
* Daisy the duck 'weak and wobbly' after rescue by police at Christchurch lake
Daisy was weak and wobbly on both legs and suffered neurological damage. It was a "slow road to recovery" as the bird had suffered a concussion and was unable to eat, a post on the vet's Facebook page said.
CANTERBURY POLICE Carey and Daisy on the day of the rescue.
Carey, and one of Daisy's carers, released them back to the pond where they were found on Wednesday.
"Her two mates that were trying to help them on the day heard their quacks and were waiting eagerly at the pond's edge for them and they swam off together. It was pretty cute," Carey said.
"Canterbury Police and I would like to pass on our sincere thanks to the Animal and Bird Hospital and their volunteers.
"They've done a fantastic job of looking after injured Daisy. Them future would not have been quite so bright if it wasn't for them."
The offender, who was understood to be a member of The Canterbury Society of Model and Experimental Engineers (CSMEE), was charged with cruel ill treatment of an animal.
CSMEE president John Howie defended the club member who allegedly bashed the duck, but the club's vice president Alex Cowdell later said the man was "no longer associated in any way" with the club.
The man was due to appear in court in Christchurch.
Move is intended to improve sharing of intelligence, and government plans to make some emergency powers permanent
Emmanuel Macron has created a counter-terrorism taskforce to improve the sharing of intelligence, as the government prepares to transfer certain special policing powers granted under France's state of emergency into permanent law.
The creation of the taskforce under the authority of the presidential palace was one of Macron's manifesto promises, and they intend to make the fight against terrorism a bigger focus of their presidency than their predecessors did.
On Tuesday, a 40-year-old Algerian student who had pledged allegiance to Islamic State attempted to assault a police officer with a hammer outside Paris's Notre-Dame Cathedral, shouting: “This is for Syria.” A government spokesperson said the attacker had not previously shown any signs of radicalisation.
A series of jihadi attacks in France have killed more than 230 people in the space of two years. Many of the perpetrators were known to authorities, and there have been calls for better coordination of France's many intelligence agencies.
Last year a parliamentary investigation identified multiple failings by French intelligence in relation to the Charlie Hebdo and Paris attacks in January and November 2015 respectively.
For example, Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four people in a siege at a kosher grocery store in connection to the Charlie Hebdo attack and shot dead a police officer, was a known radical and repeat offender. While serving a prison sentence for their part in a plot to free another terrorist from jail, they had been flagged as having been radicalised. This information was not passed from prison services to intelligence agencies on their release.
France has six intelligence units answering variously to the interior, defence and economy ministries.
The new taskforce will comprise around 20 people, chiefly intelligence analysts, who will supervise and oversee all counter-terrorism efforts directly under the president's authority.
Macron is not scrapping or replacing the current intelligence operations, nor bringing them under one single umbrella as some politicians have called for. Instead they are hoping to make France's existing agencies cooperate and share intelligence better.
The taskforce will determine strategies to tackle radicalisation on the internet and the sharing of instructions on how to carry out an attack. There will be a focus on the issue of French citizens trying to return from fighting with Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
The taskforce will be led by Pierre de Bousquet de Florian, a former head of a counter-espionage agency.
Macron now faces the issue of how to bring France out of the state of emergency, which was imposed after the Paris attacks and has been extended several times. It is expected to be extended one more time, until November, while the government prepares to transfer elements of the special police powers into permanent law.
The state of emergency allows police to conduct house raids and searches without a warrant or judicial oversight, including at night, and gives extra powers to officials to place people under house arrest outside the normal judicial process and to close places of worship. It also allows for restrictions on large gatherings.
Details of the new counter-terrorism law will be examined by the French cabinet this month, after the final round of parliamentary elections in which Macron's new political movement is expected to win a majority.
On Wednesday, Macron announced that a third French citizen had been identified as a victim of Saturday's London Bridge attack. They did not identify the victim.
British police searching for the French man Xavier Thomas, 45, said they had recovered a body from the Thames downstream from the bridge.
“We are paying a heavy cost in these attacks,” Macron said.
The death of 33-year-old cyclist Mathilde Blais, killed by a truck while riding to work through the St. Denis underpass on April 28, was avoidable and could have been averted by a simple sharing of the road, Quebec coroner Paul G. Dionne has ruled.
They recommend that Quebec's ministry of transport and the Société de l'assurance automobile du Québec enforce minimal distances between vehicles and cyclists, make security barriers placed between truck tires mandatory, and they advise the creation of more secure bicycle routes especially on major streets.
In their report, Dionne finds Blais was killed immediately as they passed under the overpass, their head crushed by the tire of the trailer bearing a crane.
Blais was an experienced cyclist, they note, and was on their 43rd Bixi ride of the year on the day they were killed. They rented a Bixi 600 times last year. The bike, and the truck that killed her, were both in good condition. There was no indication of drug or alcohol use.
Blais entered the underpass at 6:38 a.m., riding in the right-hand lane. The truck-trailer was following behind in the same lane.
“The lane was not wide enough to accommodate both the truck and a bicycle,” the coroner notes.
The truck pulled away slightly from Blais, then drove back into their lane in order to keep the left lane open.
“We will never know if there was contact with the woman,” Dionne writes. “We do know that they were struck mortally by the front wheels of the trailer. ... First impact was to the head. Death was instantaneous.”
In their comments, Dionne finds the death was avoidable.
“The road should have been shared, as the SAAQ advertisements advise. If that had been the case, the tractor trailer would have given the right of way to the woman, or could have taken the left lane, as the law allows for passing a bicycle.
“We do not know if the woman was struck by the truck, or if they simply took more space once the truck passed (the most probable case), not realizing it was pulling a trailer.
“A lateral safety barrier would have prevented the woman's head from coming under the truck's internal tire,” Dionne writes.
“Conclusion: A preventable accidental death.”
Coroner's report on death of cyclist Mathilde Blais
rbruemmer@montrealgazette.com
Twitter: renebruemmer
The Loafer and Cap Toe Oxford from Anthony Alan Footwear are excellent examples of barefoot shoes for mass appeal. They are decidedly the most classically handsome minimalist dress shoes in my collection, but at almost the most “shoe-like” for the enjoyment of a broader audience.
Click through to hear my thoughts on the Loafer and Oxford from Anthony Alan Footwear!
About the Anthony Alan Loafer and Oxford
Here's what Anthony Alan Footwear says:
"Walk Barefoot in Your Shoes" I think we can all agree that our feet feel most comfortable when we are walking barefoot; either in our house, on a nice grassy lawn or at the beach. Likewise, our feet tend to be the most miserable when we are wearing our stiff, rigid, and sleek casual dress shoes. At ANTHONY ALAN Footwear we incorporate key design features in all our shoes so that when you wear them you almost feel like you are still barefoot. When a person tries our shoes on, they immediately noticed the unique feel and often calls them one of the most comfortable shoes they've ever worn.
Weight
Loafer 9.5 Ounces in a mens size 9
Oxford 10.2 Ounces in a mens size 9
(less than half the weight of a standard dress shoe, but heavier than other, more minimalist offerings in the market)
Stack Height
15mm (without removable sock liner)
20mm (with removable sock liner)
Sizing
I normally wear a size 9 (US) or 41/42 (euro) and both the Anthony Alan Oxford and Cap Toe Loafer fit me best without the removable sockliner/footbed. A fairly wide toebox gives plenty of room for many foot types and the removable footbed allows for some customization of fit.
Barefoot Rating
Great for all users looking to have some barefoot benefits in a nice-looking shoe, thought minimalist enthusiasts may find want to find a thinner and more flexible sole.
Ideal Uses
Walking around, office, dress up, ready for casual and formal occasions!
Pros
Zero drop
Wide toebox
Excellent full-grain leather
Classy looking
Relatively lightweight
Footbed allows for customizable fit for different foot volumes and levels of groundfeel
Cons
Some will seek a thinner sole and lighter shoe
Some may find themselves "in between" sizing with and without the footbed
Neutral
Looks like a “normal” shoe
Photos
Oxford
Sole and Design
The design goal for Anthony Alan footwear is to provide barefoot/minimalist runners with an authentic casual dress shoe option—both in looks and function—for when they weren't wearing their running shoes.
Anthony Alan Footwear is the brainchild of Todd Miller and Gary Pitman; both industry veterans with over 50 years of combined experience in the shoe world.
Mr. Miller and Pitman had a hand in launching Altra Running, so I was very interested in seeing what they came up with for their latest dress shoe project.
Altra is well known for having “minimalist-light” shoe that may not have the same low stack height of, say, the thinnest shoes in the Vibram lineup, but still feature zero drop soles and wide toe boxes that would facilitate proper form and barefoot benefits. I expected that these dress shoes from Anthony Alan won't be Bullhide RunAmocs or perhaps even Vivobarefoot Jays, but will have more forgiving for non-barefoot enthusiasts and have a more traditional look.
The classy, and more conventional-looking, minimalist dress shoe
The purpose of these shoes is not to provide THE MOST groundfeel, flexibility, or lightness—leave that for thinner shoes in this category. The purpose of Anthony Alan Footwear is to provide stylish shoes with barefoot features that everyone can enjoy.
Proving its minimalist chops, the Loafer and Oxford from Anthony Alan are zero-drop and have a wide toe box—plenty of room even for my duck feet. However, their stack heights are a bit thicker than your typical minimalist shoes at 15-20mm (5 mm removable sock liner). Both shoes have a high-traction, high-durability carbon rubber outsole with an EVA base with nice herringbone treads.
They provide excellent traction for anything you would need these shoes to do, but to be honest, the treads are definitely aggressive enough to do a bit of rock hopping in a blazer, if you are so inclined! In fact, these soles are more aggressive than anything in the “dress” shoe market of barefoot (and barefoot-like) shoes, with deeper treads and a compound rubber that is both durable and sticky. While the plasticky Vivobarefoot soles can slip a bit in wet conditions and on smooth floors and the bullhide sole in my RunAmocs from Soft Star Shoes will enable Mario-Kart power slides in a tea shop, the Anthony Alan shoes have some honest capabilities in urban settings, the office, or if you happen o want to take the long way to work through a choppy path.
The 15mm sole from Anthony Alan is zero drop, has excellent traction, and provides the platform for a wide toebox
Overall, they are the most aggressive of the barefoot dress shoes I've reviewed, which is actually not saying much, but is worth mentioning. In reality, these shoes have lugs and treads (and the sole in general) that are very similar to a typical light dress shoe. Of course, standard dress shoes—for whatever reason—are usually built upon soles that that could double as heavy-duty boot bottoms. The shoe industry would save a lot of weight and provide a ton of smoothness to their wearers if they would incorporate some minimalist features, which Anthony Alan does, but not to the same degree as other minimalist dress shoes that we have previously reviewed.
The soles are not nearly as flexible as other shoes in the minimalist dress shoe category (we have previously reviewed Vivobarefoot, Tune Footwear, and Soft Star Shoes in this range), but they are more flexible than typical dress shoes and allow for a lot of broad market appeal for not only minimalist lovers and transitioning folks. You can still bend the shoes in half with a bit of effort, but you won't be able to ball them up like some other barefoot shoes.
The sole, while not as "ball-able" as more minimalist casual shoes, is still pretty flexible
If you have never thought about minimalism, you can greet a ton of benefit from these shoes. They are thick enough for anyone to wear, but provide minimalist benefits. In fact, many people that may be interested in minimalist shoes and will try “transitioning” shoes, but these shoes can really be marketed simply excellent dress shoes, no minimalist intentions needed. With that in mind, many people will become “converts” on their own without any prompting. Very sneaky indeed!
Fit and Materials
Both the Loafer and Oxford have impeccable craftsmanship. The stitching is very well done and the full-grain leather is very nice.
The Loafer and Oxford have a classy, solid look. Excellent full grain leather is used throughout their construction, which feels very durable and will soften up over time. Full grain leather eventually forms a nice patina through use and this gives it a nice worn look with lots of character. I would expect these shoes to become more interesting looking over time.
Excellent leather quality, craftsmanship, and stitching
Wearers have two choices with leather such as this. You can either really keep up with the maintenance of the leather with various conditioners, shiners, and buffers to keep things nice and shiny or you can let the leather naturally age and build character for a rough and rugged look.
Full grain leather refers to hides that have not been sanded, buffed, or snuffed (as opposed to top-grain or “corrected” leather) to remove imperfections on the surface of the hide. The natural grain of the hide remains, allowing the maximum fiber strength, breathability, and durability.
Among all leather types, full-grain is considered the best and most durable.
Top grain leather has a "split" layer cut away in its construction, making it thinner and more malleable than full-grain and has a more plasticky feel (but not anything like “pleather”, but less soft and warm than full grain).
New buck (or Nubuck) leather has been sanded or buffed on the grain side to create a more velvety surface. This leather is very soft to the touch and scratches more easily than full grain leather.
There is actually a ton of variety to leather types, but these are the three types that are pretty typical, with full grain being the most natural, durable, and preferred for most applications, such as for shoes, bags, cases, etc.
As I said in my review of the Tune Footwear Penny V2, a removable footbed serves two purposes. First, the footbed provides some customization to the groundfeel and flexibility of the shoe and it also provides some customization of the fit as well.
Footbed in, Footbed out
In the case of the Loafer and Oxford, plop the footbed in for more cushioning and/or a snugger fit or keep them in the shoe box for more flexibility or some extra volume in the shoe.
I am glad that the two shoes are actually very different in terms of their looks. Anthony Alan did not just take out the laces from the Oxford and remove the toe cap to make the Loafer; they are two unique and wholly different shoes in terms.
In terms of looks, the Oxford is classy with its toe cap, laces, and visually contrasting stitching. There are a number of “running” stitches on either sides and back of the shoe to provide a sleek and overlapping look. Overall, it's the more substantial looking of the two models and is the most reserved looking of the two—though they essentially weigh the same at 9.5 for the Loafer and 10 oz for the Oxford.
Compared to the Lems Nine2Five, the toe cap is smaller and the shoe overall looks more formal thanks to the running stitches and the solidness of the shoe (the Nine2Five does have 6mm less sole than the Oxford at 9mm vs 15mm). While the Nine2Five can look a bit floppy (though comfortable) out of the box, the Anthony Alan Oxford is definitely more ridged and traditional looking. The shoe is finished with flat laces, which tend to hold better than round ones. They also lay flat within the lacing window and tongue for a cleaner look.
Between the two, I like the loafer design the most. It's very chic-looking with its overlapping leather panels and has both a minimalist and crafted aesthetic. They are very handsome in black and are easily among the best-looking shoes in my collection. The elasticized tongue section provides just the right amount of pressure, provided you get the fit right with the asupervisorstioned footbed (take it out of more voluminous feet and keep it if your foot structure is more svelte).
The Anthony Alan Loafer is my personal favorite. Sleek, comfortable, and easy to wear
Compared to my other minimalist loafers, the Anthony Alan Loafer makes them feel downright fragile as it is a more traditional, and therefore more sturdy-looking, shoe. You can still force it and the Oxford into a boomerang, but you'll be hard pressed to roll it into a tight ball.
The Oxford is a great choice if you want your minimalist-inspired dress shoe with laces
For comparison, I have provided photos of the following minimalist dress shoes for a looks comparison: Tune Footwear Penny V2, Soft Star Shoes Bullhide RunAmoc Dash, Vivo Jay, Vivo Dharma, Vivo Ra, and Patagonia Advocate Stitch.
From a looks standpoint, I found the Anthony Alan Loafer to be the best looking of the lot. Overall, both shoes are the most “traditional” looking insofar as a dress shoe is concerned. They simply look more like “normal” dress shoes than the rest of the crowd. Of course, the other shoes are going to be more flexible and light to varying degrees (some way more so) than the Anthony Alan shoes, but that's only part of the story and your enjoyment of any of these shoes will depend on your needs and level of “minimalism”. Some may like the quirkiness of truly barefoot shoes, but it is definitely not for everyone.
A less quirky-looking, more traditional casual shoe. Fewer looks built in!
The Patagonia's are the lightest and most flexible at a >4 oz and a stack height of 3-4mm, while the Loafers are 9 oz and have a 15mm stack height. Obviously while all of these shoes are “minimalist” dress shoes, they are very different shoes with difference purposes and audiences in mind.
When walking around with these shoes, I did notice that they were slightly bottom heavy when compared to my other minimalist shoes, but not so much so that it was too distracting. I can say that these are definitely not the most barefoot shoes, nor are they your run of the mill dress shoes from a department store. They are decidedly somewhere in between.
The zero drop sole means that you won't be scrapping your heel as you walk and the EVA and rubber base provides plenty of comfort for whatever you may encounter around town or around a park. Usually, the heels are the first part of a shoe to wear out if there is a sizable drop. Over and underpronators will wear on the outside and inside of the heel respectively, until the point where the shoe has to be replaced due to imbalance. With the Anthony Alan's zero drop platform, this is less likely to happen and your shoes will last longer.
With a zero drop platform, your heels will thank you and be more durable
Of course, the litmus test of any minimalist dress shoe is if I can run in them. In this regard, the Oxfords and Loafers performed admirably. While they are a bit heavier and thicker than my other dress shoes, I was still able to make a dash across the Green Line tracks to catch a bus without feeling too awkward about it. There is enough minimalist chops to keep from heel striking and while I would not wear these for a true run, I can definitely get away with a quick race for coffee or something along those lines.
Summary
Both the Loafer and Oxford are marketed as beautiful dress shoes with barefoot benefits and Anthony Alan definitely succeeded in this goal.
A fashion-minded individual who is looking for more comfort, or someone with less experience in minimalist shoes, can greatly enjoy these shoes.
These are shoes that were designed to give minimalist benefits without substantially changing the classic “dress shoe” look.
You will find a wide toe box, zero drop sole, and great craftmenship for a reasonable price. If you are in the market for a formal dress shoe, any dress shoe, you should definitely consider the Oxford and Loafer from Anthony Alan Footwear. If you want to try them out, you can get them for 20% off at the Anthony Alan website using promo code "Dad."
A huge thanks go out to Anthony Alan for sending me the Loafer and Oxford for review.
Reps. Al Green (D-Texas) and Brad Sherman (D-Calif.) announce their plans to draft articles of impeachment for President Donald Trump on grounds of obstruction of justice regarding the investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 election on June 7, 2017. | John Shinkle/POLITICO Rep. Sherman joins Green in push to impeach Trump
Another Democratic lawmaker has joined an effort to draft articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump.
Rep. Brad Sherman (D-Calif) joined Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) at a press conference on Capitol Hill Wednesday, where they announced they were drafting documents to push the president's ouster.
Story Continued Below
Green had previously said Trump should be removed from office for firing ex-FBI Director James Comey in the middle of an investigation into ties between Trump's 2016 campaign and Russia.
"The important thing is that you have two members of Congress who are drafting, or have drafted—to an extent—articles of impeachment," Green said.
Green said Sherman offered to join them in part because of threats to the Texan's safety, after they reportedly received racial slurs and death threats after announcing their plans to draft articles of impeachment.
Green said they had not yet read former FBI Director James Comey's opening statements prepared for a hearing Thursday, as their press conference started just minutes after the testimony was released.
Randy Foye hit a game-winning, buzzer-beating, three-pointer on Monday night, as the Brooklyn Nets scored a gritty 120-118 win over the Charlotte Hornets at Barclays Center.
Down 118-117 with 2.3 seconds to play, Bojan Bogdanovic (game-high 26 points) inbounded to the crafty vet, who chucked it up and watched it drop, ending the Nets five-game losing streak in the process.
“These are tough games against a really good team,” Coach Kenny Atkinson said. “I'm thrilled with our group, we went through some rough times recently so to go out and get a win like this – and the way we got it – is special.”
Foye's hero shot was a high-voltage jolt of electricity through Barclays Center, but Monday's win was powered by gutsy second-half performances from Brook Lopez (21), Sean Kilpatrick (23) and Bogdanovic. The Nets trio combined for 47 of the Nets 66 second-half points, pulling Brooklyn out of a 14-point hole en route to the win.
“We really came together,” Lopez, who did some heavy lifting during a 10-point, two-assist, fourth quarter, said. “We were moving the ball, we were so unselfish and we really took full belief and trust in one another. They obviously started coming in and doubling from the baseline, but Kilpatrick made great passes… and guys made themselves available when I was in the double. We moved the ball and ball swung so well.”
The Nets had 16 of their 26 assists in the second half – 10 in the fourth quarter – doing exactly what Lopez said. They shared the ball and found the open shot, highlighted by a pair of critical three-pointers by Kilpatrick and Bogdanovic putting the Nets up 117-113 with 1:06 to play.
That's where things got tense, as Nicolas Batum – who led Charlotte with 24 points – hit a three to make it 117-116 with 32.7 to play and Cody Zeller's put-back gave the Hornets a 118-117 lead with 3.5 seconds on the clock. The Nets had previously missed two straight shots that would have likely sealed it, but they didn't flinch.
“It was tough seeing Zeller put that basket down, but the way our team maintained focus and our mental strength was fantastic,” Lopez said. “It was great validation.”
Foye said they were late to guard Zeller on the put-back, so they were relieved to get the winning shot, even if they said the play was drawn up for Lopez.
The second half and fourth quarter resiliency counteracted a tough start for the Nets, who were down 40-31 after the first quarter and 63-54 at the half. Atkinson said the difference was the Nets simplifying their game.
But for all the good feelings in Monday's come-from-behind win, the Nets did see point guard Jeremy Lin leave the game with a strained left hamstring and not return. Coach Atkinson didn't have a post-game update on the point guard, who missed 17 games earlier this season with a hamstring injury.
“It's frustrating,” Foye said. “Watching a guy work so hard to get back, just respect, just leadership every single day. On the court, off the court. For them to go out again with the same thing is like, c'mon man. Why? At the end of the day, Jeremy is a resilient, strong person and he's going to get through this.”
The Nets travel to Chicago to visit the Bulls on Wednesday night. Tipoff is at 8 p.m. ET.
Sparking controversy, a female candidate is seeking to head the political wing of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood. They have denied that their candidacy is a smoke screen to distract from criticism that the movement is discriminatory towards women.
­Sabah al-Sakkari, a female member of the Muslim brotherhood's political wing – the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP) – is running to replace the outgoing chairperson Mohamed Morsi, the current president of Egypt.
Them appointment comes at a time when women's rights in Egypt are facing international scrutiny. The London Based Human Rights Watch published a report Tuesday, saying that discrimination had increased since the fall of Hosni Mubarak last year.
The Muslim Brotherhood's attitude to women has earned it fierce criticism from around the world, amidst accusations of discrimination and sexism.
Al-Sakkari has so far denied that the move is a bid to avoid further similar accusations.
“I will never accept that the party uses me like a decoration so that people can say Freedom and Justice was the first party to nominate a woman for chairpersonship,” they told the Saudi owned television news channel Al-Arabiya.
They stressed that women do play a major role and are not just used as figureheads to convey an image of modernity and tolerance.
“We have a political role and we are serving the country through the party exactly like men do. Woman in the party are strong and will never allow anyone to strip them of their rights,” they said.
Al-Sakkari continued that they will do their best to push through the policies they believe are needed in the party.
“I pay special attention to women and youths, whom I believe should get the chance to occupy the highest positions in the party. Women in particular are very important, since the progress of any society is closely related to them.”
When asked if their bid for the chairpersonship of the party was successful, would they then go on to run for the presidency, they replied that Muslim scholars differed on this subject.
“What they all agreed on is that a woman cannot be a caliph, but there is nothing to prove that they cannot rule over one state within the Muslim nation,” they emphasized.
But they then said that if members of the party agree to their nomination they would indeed run for presidency, adding, “It is also important that the culture of the society changes so that people can accept a female president.”
In response to reports that they had to seek their husband's approval, Al-Sakkari pointed out, “I would never run for or assume any position without telling my husband, but in this case I consult them rather than seek their permission as long as they initially approved my work in politics.”
Al-Sakkari is married to a professor at the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine and themselves is a graduate of the Faculty of Pharmacy. They have four children.
The original United States Naturalization Law of March 26, 1790 (1 Stat. 103) provided the first rules to be followed by the United States in the granting of national citizenship. This law limited naturalization to immigrants who were free White persons of good character. It thus excluded Native Americans, indentured servants, slaves, free blacks and later Asians, although free blacks were allowed citizenship at the state level in certain states. It also provided for citizenship for the children of U.S. citizens born abroad, stating that such children "shall be considered as natural born citizens," the only US statute ever to use the term. It specified that the right of citizenship did "not descend to persons whose fathers have never been resident in the United States."[1][2][3]
Provisions [ edit ]
In order to address one's good character, the law required two years of residence in the United States and one year in the state of residence, prior to applying for citizenship. When those requirements were met, an immigrant could file a Petition for Naturalization with "any common law court of record" having jurisdiction over their residence. Once convinced of the applicant's good moral character, the court would administer an oath of allegiance to support the Constitution of the United States. The clerk of the court was to make a record of these proceedings, and "thereupon such person shall be considered as a citizen of the United States."
The Act also establishes the United States citizenship of certain children of citizens, born abroad, without the need for naturalization: "the children of citizens of the United States that may be born beyond Sea, or out of the limits of the United States, shall be considered as natural born Citizens: provided, That the right of citizenship shall not descend to persons whose fathers have never been resident in the United States"
Afterwards [ edit ]
The Act of 1790 was repealed by the Naturalization Act of 1795, which extended the residence requirement to five years, and by the Naturalization Act of 1798, which extended it to 14 years. The 1798 act was repealed by the Naturalization Law of 1802.
Nevertheless, as it was passed by the same Congress who enacted the Bill of Rights, including members who had participated in the Constitutional Convention, The Act of 1790 is thought to be an indicator of what the nation's Founders thought about the powers of the U.S. Government over immigration. Some, like noted activist, author and publisher B.L. Wilson[4] argue from The Act of 1790 that even today only White people and their progeny would be eligible to become U.S. citizens, a minority view rejected by other scholars in light of later legislation passed on immigration.
Major changes to the definition of citizenship were ratified in the nineteenth century following the American Civil War. The Fourteenth Amendment in 1868 granted citizenship to people born within the United States and subject to its jurisdiction; but it excluded untaxed “Indians” (Native Americans living on reservations). The Naturalization Act of 1870 extended "the naturalization laws" to "aliens of African nativity and to persons of African descent." In 1898 the Supreme Court decision in United States v. Wong Kim Ark granted citizenship to an American-born child of Chinese parents who had a permanent domicile and residence in the United States, and who were there carrying on business, and are not employed in any diplomatic or official capacity under the Emperor of China.[5] All persons born in the United States since United States v. Wong Kim Ark have been granted citizenship although the Supreme Court has never explicitly ruled on the matter of children born to parents who are not legal residents of the United States.
All Native Americans were finally granted citizenship by the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, whether or not they belonged to a federally recognized tribe; by that date two-thirds of Native Americans were already U.S. citizens. Further changes to racial eligibility for naturalized citizenship were ratified after 1940, when eligibility was also extended to "descendants of races indigenous to the Western Hemisphere," "Filipino persons or persons of Filipino descent," "Chinese persons or persons of Chinese descent," and "persons of races indigenous to India."[6] The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 prohibits racial and gender discrimination in naturalization.[7]
Allot Ltd. provides network intelligence and security solutions to protect and personalize the digital experience worldwide. The company offers various platforms, including Allot Service Gateway 9500, Allot Service Gateway Tera, and Allot NetEnforcer for in-line deployment in traditional and virtualized network access infrastructure. It also provides subscriber management platforms, such as Allot TierManager, Allot QuotaManager, Allot ChargeSmart, and Allot Smart Engage Onboarding that drive centralized creation, provisioning, and pricing of subscriber services; and analytics solutions comprising Allot ClearSee Analytics and Allot ClearSee Data Source that analyze traffic data. In addition, the company offers security solutions comprising Allot WebSafe Personal, Allot WebSafe Business, Allot Service Protector, Allot Content Protector, Allot SpamOut Protector, and Allot Unified Security, as well as Security as a Service solutions for protecting network service integrity and brand reputation. Further, it offers centralized management solutions, such as NetXplorer Analytics and Reporting, NetXplorer Data Collector, NetAccounting Server, and NetPolicy Provisioner for providing a central access point for network-wide monitoring, reporting, analytics, troubleshooting, accounting, and quality of service policy provisioning. Allot Communications Ltd. markets its products through direct sales, distributors, resellers, original equipment manufacturers, and system integrators to carriers, mobile and fixed service providers, cable operators, private networks, data centers, governments, and enterprises, as well as wireless, wireline, and satellite Internet service providers. The company was formerly known as Allot Communications Ltd. and changed its name to Allot Ltd. in October 2018. Allot Ltd. was founded in 1996 and is based in Hod-Hasharon, Israel.
It seems as though China has become the new “IT” nation in regards to UFO news and evidence…
According to the Singapore Press:
A MAN took a picture of an unidentified flying object (UFO) while holidaying in the outskirts of Kunming, China.
“…He did not notice anything strange in the sky until they looked at the photographs they took later.
“I took two pictures of the scenery. When I checked them later that night, I saw three black dots hovering above the Songhua dam in one of the photos. The biggest one looked like a butterfly,” they said.
Kunming UFO Research Society president Zhang Yifang said they ruled out the biggest black spot being a kite or a bird.
“It has the saucer-like shape of a UFO. I believe it is a UFO, but I can't confirm anything with just one photograph,” they said…”
… And neither can we…
Does this mean the Great Wall is going to have to be made taller???
Anyone else finds it odd that the Chinese state media filter seems to be able to keep quiet ever single instance of human rights violations being done to the poor Chinese people at the hands of the Hardline Chinese Government yet the steady invasion of the planet Earth by alien life forms seems to just get released all willie nillie.
Now I realize that perhaps there is something to be said about how the UFO phenomenon is really more of a Western thing and how maybe in China UFOs are just part of the day to day…
But one would think that news of that nature might be kept quiet by a government not wanting to give the impression of weakness (and let us not make any doubt, invasion by aliens makes you a weaker nation) to the weakening West ,which might be enticed to attack its competitor should it feel that Mighty China is distracted by the goings on of space men…
Yet it doesn't…
Which means it could be one of three things:
It's either a complete fabrication by pranksters, hoaxers, disinformation feeders, secret tentacles of a shadow government, tinfoil wearing nutcases… whoever you want to finger for this nonsense to fit whatever template you have this scenario working in; Using a location like China for their scenario as it would be rare–even with the global reach of communication these days- that a Chinese person could let anyone know that whatever rumor being said about UFOs over China are bullshit (especially when there would be so many better rumors- like forced infanticide, mass jailings and public executions of citizens for the mildest of cause, rampant starvation and water rationings to name a few- for the whistleblowing citizen of the oppressive regime to tell the world about…
A true threat to the world which the Chinese- to their credit- are allowing the world to see happen in an unflinching way (this is more we can say about the free and transparent American government, what with their swamp gas explosions and weather balloon crashes)…
Or-and this is a theory not yet tossed out there- what if the Chinese, known for their desire to be looked upon with respect by the boorish Western world, is having their government run media leak out stories like this in order to try and create the illusion that there may or may not be some sort of cooperation between the Chinese and our Alien Overlords which would make the Chinese an even scarier opponent than the one billion man armies already was???
It could be…
We know that during the real blood and guts days of the Cold War, the Russian government was convinced that the lifestyles of Americans depicted in movies was an accurate depiction of average American life (so much so that the Russian military was rumored to have sent many “volunteers” to an early grave by trying to “reverse engineer” the spy gadgets that James Bond would have in the 007 movies)...
So could it not be then that the Chinese, familiar with the American fascination with the idea of Alien coming to Earth with all their amazing technology and making a mess of things, decided that maybe it would help their case globally if they were to allow the Americans to believe that they had made some sort of alliance with our Alien Overlords (or worse, allowed their people to become the unwilling guinea pigs in bizarre alien hybridization programs)???
Think about it… If there was a nation we would believe was in cahoots with an alien race, it would be the Chinese…
We already kind of see the Chinese of having a sort of “hive” mentality (something we also believe to be found in alien races)
Toss a few nice CGI videos out there… perhaps a picture or two to change things up every now and again (as for hybridization, every three or four months let a story come out about a baby with nine arms or a fish tail or three faces or something horrific)…
And in no time at all, the Chinese government (using the American “new Media” ) has spread it's propaganda that the Orange Chinese have formed an partnership with our Alien Overlords so now all we must do is accept their rule.
Free your mind people… and the rest will follow…
No league has evolved and expanded quite like USL over the past two years. Now set to kick off the 2016 campaign, 29 teams are going to duke it out in the third division of U.S. Soccer.
Given the dual-pronged approached to the league – with a number of MLS teams now operating de-facto farm teams in the division – there is a growing number of younger players, either shuffled in from a team's academy, the college ranks or poached from abroad.
There are a slew of younger players to note ahead of the 2016 season. Here are 12 names to watch out for this year.
M Alphonso Davies, Vancouver Whitecaps 2: One team that will be full of academy youngsters is the Whitecaps, which includes a number of 20-something Canadians on the roster. Davies is poised to be the youngest player in USL this season, as he's only 15 years old (he'll turn 16 in November). Already a member of Canada's youth setup, Davies has a big future ahead of them and will look to crack Vancouver's USL lineup this season.
Pierre Da Silva
M Dylan Damraoui, Timbers 2: Few players in USL bring a pedigree to the USL like Damraoui. A Belgian youth international, T2 announced the acquisition of the midfielder in February. He'll have plenty of adjustments to make as they prepare for the upcoming season, from living in a new country to a different style of soccer. And just look at their hair.
F Pierre Da Silva, Orlando City B: The U.S. U17 MNT forward who competed at last year's World Cup eschewed the college route to ink with Orlando City B in its inaugural season. A pacey attacking player who can score goals and create from wide areas, the future is bright for da Silva, and he'll seek to make an early impression as they begin their pro career.
M Zachary Mathers, Sounders 2: After four years at Duke, Seattle selected Mathers in the MLS draft this past January. And while they couldn't overcome the numbers crunch to make the first team roster, Seattle sent them to S2 where he'll get valuable playing time and experience. An intriguing player with a good soccer brain and versatility (he can play centrally in the midfield or as an outside back), Mathers certainly looks like a potential MLS player that will look to make the most of this opportunity.
M Benjamin Swanson, Pittsburgh Riverhounds: Signed by the Crew back in October 2014, Swanson has yet to make their official MLS debut. A former U.S. youth international, a full season loan to the Riverhounds could be a huge step for them if they receive playing time. A central midfielder eerily similar to current club teammate Wil Trapp, Swanson surely will be eager and hungry to impress their loan team and kick-start their development.
F Mark Anthony Gonzalez, Swope Park Rangers: While Gonzalez's college career wasn't anything spectacular, the Sigma FC product adds an attacking option to KC's USL team. Capable of playing out wide or up front, Gonzalez scored 27 goals in four seasons at Evansville.
M Liam Fraser, Toronto FC II: One of the latest Canadians to make the jump from the TFC Academy to TFCII, Fraser is another youth national team player aiming to make a name for themselves in the USL. Fraser is already a USL vet, making 10 appearances in 2015 for the Reds as an amateur.
D Nathan Smith, LA Galaxy II: A recent addition from the college ranks, Smith opted to forgo their senior season at UCLA to join Galaxy's second team. The former Galaxy Academy player is an outside back that gets forward into the attack. He'll be an interesting case study as players weigh the chance to skip out on college soccer and opt to join a USL team.
M Derrick Jones, Bethlehem Steel: The first signing for Philly's USL squad, Derrick Jones is a guinea pig for the Union Academy system, becoming the first player to sign directly to the Steel. There's something more at stake here because Jones' success could be an indicator of whether or not the development system is working up in Pennsylvania. Jones should also play a significant role in the Steel midfield in 2016.
M Christian Lucatero, RGVFC: Officially loaned out to RGVFC for the upcoming season, Lucatero is a newly signed Houston Dynamo homegrown player who has yet to play a pro game. He'll get plenty of opportunities at RGVFC under head coach Wilmer Cabrera, who has plenty of experience with player development.
F Villyan Bijev, Timbers 2: It's already been a long roundabout career for Bijev, who joined Liverpool as an 18-year-old and returns to the United States five years later in the USL. Bijev's tour of Europe included stops in Germany, Norway and Bulgaria. Playing heavy minutes already in preseason, he'll be one of Portland's key goal-scoring options this season. At 23, he's not as young as some of ther other players on this list, but they could still have a solid career ahead of him.
M Mael Corboz, Wilmington Hammerheads: Part of the New York Red Bulls homegrown signing binge, Corboz didn't make it to opening day in MLS and opted for join the Hammerheads to begin their pro career. A central midfielder who is an excellent set piece taker, he'll look to get significant minutes in their rookie season.
M/F Andrew Brody, Real Monarchs: Like Smith, Brody opted to skip their final season of college eligibility and join Real Salt Lake's USL team. The former RSL Academy player is a prototypical winger who enjoyed moderate success in the ACC. They have the talent and ability to play in MLS one day, so the stint with the Monarchs could end up as a natural stepping-stone for him.
D Nicholas Hinds, Sounders 2: With S2 expected to lean heavily on its Academy for the USL campaign, Akron recruit Hinds could end up slotting in the team's back line for a few games before heading off to Ohio. The U.S. youth national teamer is a promising player who decided to move from Florida to join Seattle's Academy. They recently implement amateur ruling allows Hinds to suit up for S2 and pick up valuable experience.
Amateur Hockey Player Breaks Stick Over Opponent's Head With Two-Handed Tomahawk Chop (Video)
Video Playback Not Supported
Visions of Marty McSorley on Donald Brashear all over again.
An amateur men's league hockey game in Quebec turned nasty when one player decided to take their frustrations out on a member of the opposition by delivering a two-handed tomahawk chop over their head. The impact caused the stick to break in half and both benches emptied shortly after, as players from both teams decided to take action.
It appears as though Reebok makes their helmets a lot stronger than their sticks, which is a good thing for the victim of this incident.
Here is a look at what transpired.
Hat Tip to reader Corey and Aaron for the great find.
Tags:
Share This
(satire – barely)
A4e boss reveals tragic story of being bullied into a life of luxury by ruthless taxpayers
In their first TV interview since stepping down from A4e, Emma Harrison has told Channel 4 News of the dark days they had to endure after they were brutally bullied into paying themselves £8.6 million of taxpayers' money and mercilessly forced into a life of luxurious early retirement.
Ms Harrison was giving their first interview since they had to endure months of savage affluence and leisure after stepping down from A4e – the private company paid by the government to help long-term unemployed entrepreneurs find new and innovative ways of living a life of luxury at taxpayer's expense.
The interview with Krishnan Guru-Murthy followed an exclusive report revealing that only four-in-100 people found a job through A4e, and focussed on how the defenceless millionairess had to endure miserable years of major payouts, massive bonuses and champagne dinners at the hands of heartless taxpayers.
Describing the media focus on A4e, Harrison said:
Despite begging for it to stop, I was bullied into paying myself £365,000 a year – on top of which I had to endure the indignity of giving myself over eight and half million as a bonus as well. I really think it's time that this bullying of entrepreneurs by the British taxpayer is stopped before anyone else is forced into living in a big mansion on taxpayers' money doing nothing apart from posing for photographs with their belly buttons on show like I had to.
.
Related articles by Tom Pride:
.
Please feel free to comment – you don't need to register and I'm extremely minimal with the moderating – so please go ahead.
.
By the way, if you click on any of these buttons below, you'll be doing me a big favour by sharing this article with other people. Thanks:
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"The difference between having them and not is massive."
Peter Schmeichel succumbed to injury in Manchester United's 1997-98 run-in when all 96kg of them stormed forward in a vain attempt to equalise against Arsenal and their hamstring went, but even the squad's 'poser' knew Ryan Giggs' strain had the greater impact.
United never recovered from the hamstring injury Giggs picked up in a 2-0 win over Derby in late February '98. In the six weeks they were sidelined, United won just two of their eight games and were ejected from the FA Cup and Champions League, with Marc Overmars' pivotal winner at the Scoreboard End the rotten meat in an unsavoury sandwich.
Another buccaneering left-sided player's injury has had a seismic impact on United this season and, although they might be a full-back, Luke Shaw's broken leg might be remembered as wistfully as Roy Keane's September 1997 cruciate ligament injury or when Bryan Robson dislocated their shoulder in 1986.
Since Hector Moreno thudded into Shaw, individuals' confidence has waned, the defence, steadily assembled, has been dismantled by poor form and injuries while the wing play United used to be synonymous with has been largely absent from their game.
Full-backs have become game-changers in the modern game. Dani Alves might be an ass in defence but they are an asset in attack, a de facto winger who has made a huge contribution to one of club football's great sides at Barcelona. Philipp Lahm, perhaps the best full-back of the 21st century, was described by Pep Guardiola as a 'scandal.  They are super-intelligent'.
Shaw has, like most youngsters, been accused of excess even though they are a humble and unfussy lad who waited patiently for a table at San Carlo when other footballers have demanded to be seated immediately.
After a patchy first season beset by nine different injuries and criticism over their weight, they worked with a fitness coach during their summer holidays in Dubai and was arguably United's best performer in pre-season in the United States. Determined to prove that was no fluke, they were the outstanding individual in United's first seven games until Moreno brutally intervened.
Ironically, Shaw broke their leg doing the one thing Louis van Gaal seems to abhor: dribbling. James Wilson was rebuked for doing it in a practice match in training last season and it was rumoured the only individual granted the privilege was Angel di Maria. Shaw showed with that coruscating run against Club Brugge even the handbrake could not stop them surging forward.
Shaw, along with Chris Smalling and Matteo Darmian, quickly developed an understanding that not only spawned four clean sheets in United's first seven games but suggested Van Gaal was one defender shy of completing United's next great back four. Over-reliant on David de Gea last season, United's new defence guarded the twitchy Sergio Romero impressively.
No one is pretending Memphis was not struggling until Shaw got injured. They were ineffectual in the No.10 role, bad against Newcastle and substituted at the pause against Liverpool, however the pair's friendship off the pitch was starting to bear fruit on it, and the Dutchman was more dangerous with Shaw supplementing them on the flank.
Memphis has, for the majority of the last six months, looked forlorn without Shaw. The swagger has been replaced by a slump and they have been backed by a multitude of left-backs in Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo, Ashley Young, Cameron Borthwick-Jackson, Joe Riley, and Timothy Fosu-Mensah. They are able alternatives but not on Shaw's level and, deprived of consistency, Memphis has rarely thrilled.
Darmian's confidence was shattered by Shaw's broken leg in Eindhoven. Later that night, they were culpable for Moreno's equaliser and Luciano Narsingh's winner and, although they are on the opposite flank, the Italian has barely recovered from Shaw's absence. Five days on from the PSV loss, they were withdrawn at Southampton after 45 fretful minutes and received the same treatment a fortnight later at Arsenal.
Watch United reporter Stuart Mathieson give their views on the Liverpool and City games
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Van Gaal has even trialled Darmian at left-back, so unsure is they of their right-back credentials, and the man bought to become the belated heir to Gary Neville now appears to have been usurped by the game Guillermo Varela.
Chris Smalling, until their December injury at Wolfsburg, went from strength to strength and Blind, despite their stopgap status, has commendably been the glue in a back four constantly reliant on De Gea. Eventually, the dam burst in December.
United's style garnered criticism before Shaw was carried off in the Netherlands. The opening day victory over Tottenham featured one effort on target, while there were boos at full-time against Newcastle in August and at half-time versus Liverpool the following month.
Shaw, though, was relentless on the flank. The football was tentative and insipid but Shaw was so adventurous they are, in the pre-Anthony Martial spell, the one player who had United fans on the edge of their seats. Such was their forward-thinking, Shaw was becoming the most reliable attacking outlet and it was either them or Smalling who were leaving the pitch as United's man of the match.
Left-back is one position Van Gaal has trained United players well, as the asupervisorstioned list suggests. It is Blind and Rojo's best position, while the stoic Borthwick-Jackson has been utterly unfazed.
There is a reason, though, why David Moyes did the legwork on a Shaw deal as early as Easter 2014 and United paid £27m for him. They could eventually be remembered as a greater United left-back than Denis Irwin.
Irwin collected their first United medal in a final and Shaw might yet do so, too.
"As I said to Luke Shaw, Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young, you can still play the final," Van Gaal said on Sunday. Only one of them should be guaranteed to start.
Shaw would make a massive difference.
In a major defeat for the ethanol industry, senators of both parties joined forces late last week to sink a controversial bill that would've allowed gasoline with 15 percent ethanol to be sold year-round.
The measure had become a flash point on Capitol Hill, dividing both Republicans and Democrats — with senators from ethanol-producing states supporting the bill — while also uniting diverse groups in opposition, such as environmentalists, boaters and motorcyclists. The legislation also represented a key opportunity for the ethanol sector, as the expansion of E15 sales would've been a financial boon and, to at least some degree, a marketplace defeat for the oil industry.
The bill was co-sponsored by Republican Sens. Deb Fischer of Nebraska and Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, and Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly of Indiana. Despite that bipartisan support, the legislation in the end was unable to muster enough support in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
Committee leaders announced Friday that there would be no action on the bill before the August recess, though it's unclear whether it'll be resurrected sometime in the fall.
Ethanol sector leaders bemoaned the delay but said the battle for E15 isn't finished.
“We will continue to work with our bipartisan sponsors to enact this bill to provide drivers across the country cleaner fuel options year-round that are better for the environment and save Americans money every time they fill up the gas tank,” said Emily Skor, CEO of Growth Energy, which represents ethanol producers.
E15, a less common counterpart to the more widely available E10, is currently available in 29 states, but federal law restricts its sale between June and September.
The rules were put in place to limit ozone which causes smog during hot months. Supporters of the current regulatory structure say E15 causes far more smog than the more widely used E10, though ethanol proponents dispute that claim and argue that the technology is such that E15 isn't a threat to the air.
E10 is available nationwide and year-round thanks to the federal Renewable Fuel Standard, a program established in 2007 that requires increased amounts of ethanol to be blended into the nation's gasoline supply. Each year, the program consistently falls short of the blend levels initially called for by Congress in the 2007 bill.
Due to those underlying structural problems with the RFS, critics say, it's foolish to pass new legislation allowing even more ethanol to enter the fuel market.
“With all the problems with the RFS it would be irresponsible of the Congress to give them this waiver without addressing the larger issues with the program,” Sen. James Inhofe, Oklahoma Republican, said on the Senate floor last week.
Highlighting the diversity among opponents of the RFS and E15 sales, Mr. Inhofe's views were echoed last week by former Rep. Henry Waxman, a California Democrat who during their time in Washington was one of the loudest environmental voices in Congress.
Like other ethanol detractors, Mr. Waxman said the next generation of biofuels hasn't come to pass as expected, and the industry remains reliant on corn-based ethanol to meet its federal mandates.
“The 2007 RFS, which I supported, had admirable goals. In particular, it sought to stimulate production of non-food-based, ultra-low carbon advanced and cellulosic fuels. However … these technologies have failed to significantly materialize” they said in a letter to Sen. Tom Carper, Delaware Democrat and ranking member on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. “Passage of [the E15 bill], a top priority of the ethanol lobby, would be a step in the wrong direction and would weaken wider reform efforts” of the RFS.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Abstract
North America hosted a diverse assemblage of horned dinosaurs from the late Campanian until the end of the Cretaceous, but comparatively little is known about earlier horned dinosaurs. This paper reports on previously undescribed ceratopsian remains from the middle Campanian beds of the Judith River Formation of Montana, which represent the oldest known chasmosaurine. The Judith River chasmosaur shows a combination of characters not seen in any previously described ceratopsid. The parietal has a broad median bar, a rounded caudal margin, and highly reduced epiparietals. Episquamosals are enlarged anteriorly but decrease in size posteriorly, and imbricate as in centrosaurines. The postorbital horns are moderately elongate, inclined anterolaterally, and have an unusual teardrop-shaped cross-section. The unique combination of characters seen in the Judith River chasmosaurine precludes referral to any previously known genus, and it is therefore described as a new genus and species, Judiceratops tigris. The addition of Judiceratops to the dinosaurian fauna of North America underscores the diversity of horned dinosaurs in the Late Cretaceous, which results from a combination of high diversity within faunas, a high degree of endemism, and rapid faunal turnover.
Keywords: Dinosauria, Ceratopsia, Ceratopsidae, Chasmosaurinae, Cretaceous, Campanian, Judith River Formation
_________________________
The recent, highly publicized cyberattacks on Sony and the U.S. government's Office of Personnel Management exposed sensitive data about millions of people. In Congress, lawmakers responded by approving the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, or CISA. But some critics say the bill, which President Obama signed into law on Dec. 18, not only would have done nothing to prevent those attacks, but also erodes personal privacy.
CISA encourages companies to share digital signatures — unique codes that track the origins of electronic communications, including the sender's IP address — associated with possible security threats, both with each other and with the U.S. government. Supporters say this information sharing makes it easier for companies and the government to quickly get out ahead of security threats by alerting each other to the origin and nature of potential breaches. Opposition to the new law has come from technology companies, along with advocacy groups, such as the American Civil Liberties Union, that are worried about protecting privacy.
Critics say CISA's focus on digital signatures is invasive and fails to include more current and relevant threats. Some even question whether the slow-moving machinery of lawmaking can ever keep up with the breakneck pace of the online world, where entirely new kinds of security threats regularly arise in an instant, seemingly out of nowhere.
“It was the intention of our founding fathers that policy should be slow because it prevents tyranny,” says Elissa Shevinsky, head of product at Brave, a company that focuses on easy-to-use privacy software. “If policy were fast, we'd be in a surveillance state. We'd have CISA already. It's on us to fight hackers at the pace of hacking.” Private cybersecurity companies like hers, they add, are better positioned to handle these security issues.
Privacy concerns are a key issue for critics like Shevinsky, who say CISA erodes privacy rights by going too far in encouraging companies to share private information with the U.S. government. An important element of the bill would protect companies from liability if they shared such data. According to Shevinsky, that would encourage companies to flout their own privacy policies by sharing their customers' personal information. Before the bill passed, federal agencies could penalize companies for betraying their privacy policies, they say. CISA in its current form would not require companies to scrub customers' identifying information from the data before sending it to other companies or the government. “CISA makes it so they can [share private information] in broad daylight,” Shevinsky says.
While CIA Director John Brennan, who publicly supports CISA, has mentioned the privacy issue, they have failed to address specific concerns. “The benefits of improved information sharing can be achieved in a manner that protects privacy and civil liberties,” they said in a speech in November. But their office declined to comment further.
The White House endorsed the bill even before it passed the Senate, so it was no surprise that the president signed the must-pass federal budget bill to which the House of Representatives added CISA in December. And while the White House previously identified the need for more robust privacy protection, the bill passed with no improvements to CISA's privacy provisions. “One of the main things we were searching for was for companies to scrub personal data, and that did not make it into the bill,” says Mark Jaycox, a legislative analyst at Electronic Frontier Foundation, a nonprofit organization whose stated mission is defending civil liberties in the digital world.
But privacy is only the beginning of critics' objections to CISA. The new law is supposed to make it easier to collect and share data on security threats, but that's not where the bottleneck is, says Matt Wollenweber, an independent security researcher who formerly worked as principal security engineer at George Washington University. “Enterprises already share threat intelligence through a variety of tools and organizations,” says Wollenweber. The U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team and the FBI receive more cybersecurity data than they can effectively use because they lack the capacity to analyze it all, they argue.
More data might even make the problem worse, Shevinsky says. “The government may be taking on too much data and won't be able to process it.” Insufficient data is not the weak link right now, they say.
To bolster their case against CISA, cybersecurity professionals point to two of the most high-profile security breaches of the last two years: the Sony hack and the breach at the federal government's personnel office, which gave hackers access to private information on an estimated 21.5 million federal employees.
“Given that the principal problem is making operational use of the flood of cyber threat data, it's hard to accept” that CISA could have prevented either hack, Wollenweber argues.
Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon was one of two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee, which put forward the bill, to vote against CISA when it passed the Senate in October. They agree with Wollenweber's criticism. “This bill will do little to protect Americans from sophisticated hacks,” they say in a statement.
But some industry leaders argue that CISA would have helped. “It is highly likely that more timely exchange of threat information between the U.S. government and among private companies would have mitigated the extent of cyberattack activity which occurred in the past,” asserts David Burg, a top cybersecurity manager at the global consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. CISA allows government agencies to move much more quickly to alert companies that they have been hacked, which Burg says has been a bottleneck in the past. “Once the bad guys are in, they expand their footprint, evaluate the environment and take more information out without being detected,” they say. “The sooner you know you're dealing with a [breach], the sooner you can deal with it.”
Burg supports CISA as an important tool for preventing future attacks, and so does the Protecting America's Cyber Networks Coalition, a collection of 51 industry groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Petroleum Institute.
Critics like Wollenweber argue that it should be possible to increase cybersecurity without further eroding personal privacy. They advocate for private networks where businesses can share information on cyberattacks. “As data is more effectively aggregated and cleaned by reliable systems, businesses can more easily integrate those feeds into their defense and monitoring systems,” they say. Simply sharing threat data will not be an end-all solution, they acknowledge. But this type of information sharing will allow cybersecurity experts to block new threats more quickly than they currently can.
Jaycox says these private threat-sharing networks work. “We've supported this approach previous to CISA since the companies tended to be very careful about only collecting technical data and the necessary information.” They emphasize that tech companies came out against CISA by saying that it would sacrifice consumers' privacy and wouldn't help prevent data breaches. “It's unfortunate that Congress didn't listen to the experts on the issue,” they say.
Jaycox points to government agencies' own reports on security breaches for evidence that more data collection and information sharing are not the best solutions. “When you look at those breaches, they weren't due to lack of information sharing,” they say. They cite servers not updated properly, outdated systems and uneducated end users as the major weaknesses exploited by hackers. “There's a lot of low-hanging fruit that the government isn't targeting.”
*Corrections, January 25, 2016. The following errors have been corrected from the originally published version of this story:
Elissa Shevinsky, formerly the chief executive of JeKuDo, is now the head of product at Brave.
Matt Wollenweber who now works at ThreatStream, was not affiliated with them at the time of this interview.
I'd like to get the discussion started and gain Shareholder input on the language for a standing motion. I've taken a first pass at trying to cover all of the bases, but I'm sure that with the Community's review and suggestions, this can be improved.
BEGIN DRAFT MOTION
With the successful passage of this motion, the Nu Shareholders[1] (“Shareholders”) have instructed the Nu Development Team[2] (“Developers”) to make the Nu source code available to the general public. The updated license will allow free, permissive use of the source code in Nu-related and derivative projects.
The Nu source code (including the code that describes the underlying Nu network protocol, the daemons, the GUIs, and the associated support systems for testing, distribution, and deployment) will include a text file, COPYING , in the root directory of the project.
Copyright © {YEAR[3]} Nu Developers Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Existing copyrights held by outside persons or organizations for code integrated into, or adapted for use within Nu, will be retained within the source code.
Additionally, the Shareholders grant the Developers the ability to determine a location for the code repository (BitBucket or Github, etc.) where the source code will be available. The Developers will act in the best interests of Shareholders when selecting the person(s) granted permissions to review, approve, and merge proposed modifications to the source code.
Finally, the Shareholders grant the Developers discretion when determining which features, submitted to the project's code repository from individual contributors by way of “pull requests,” are merged into the Nu source code. Members of the Nu Community at-large are all empowered to introduce motions to identify the “roadmap” that core development will follow.
Once this motion has been passed, the Developers will have thirty (30) days to inform Shareholders of the steps required to open the Nu source code to the public, and to take those steps. The final action required by the passage of this motion will be to release a new version of the Nu clients (daemon and GUI, for Windows, OS X, and Linux) that includes the updated software license. This release will be tagged “v1.0.0” within the version control system. After meeting the requirements, this motion's purpose is complete, with no further action required.
[1] “Nu Shareholders” are persons with legitimate access to enough NSR to cast a vote for this motion by minting a valid Nu block.
[2] “Nu Development Team” are the person(s) ultimately responsible for software development of the Nu network, and who have unrestricted access to Nu source code when this motion passes.
But representatives of Facebook and Google declined to say whether they would follow Twitter's lead in banning RT and Sputnik advertising. Both companies have recently disclosed that Russian agents purchased tens of thousands of dollars worth of advertising on their platforms during the campaign.
Lawmakers who have been pressuring Twitter to address Russian entities' use of the platform to influence American politics praised the company's decision on Thursday — but cautioned that it would not be enough.
“I appreciate the effort, although RT and Sputnik have been known entities for some time,” said Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, who has emerged as one of Twitter's most vocal critics on Capitol Hill. “What I hope is we'll see enhanced efforts on discovering other fake accounts as well as avatars that might not be as obvious.”
Senators Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota and John McCain of Arizona, who introduced bipartisan legislation earlier this month that would force Facebook, Google and other technology companies to disclose who is purchasing online political advertising, said the action only underscored the need for a new, across-the-board standard for social media companies to follow when it comes to political advertising.
“Twitter's announcement today is a positive step, but one company preventing two outlets — RT and Sputnik — from placing ads on its platform is not a substitute” for government regulation, Ms. Klobuchar said in a statement.
Twitter, with 328 million monthly active users, is far smaller than Facebook, and has struggled more to find growth and financial stability. In September, the company's vice president for policy, Colin Crowell, met with staff from House and Senate intelligence committees and shared copies of advertisements run on Twitter by RT's three principal Twitter accounts. In a public statement, Twitter said that RT had purchased about $274,100 in advertising aimed at United States markets in 2016, promoting close to 2,000 Tweets.
On Wednesday, Twitter provided additional information, disclosing that Twitter had earned a total of $1.9 million in advertising revenue from RT since 2011. The company said it would now donate the money to research into the civic impact of Twitter, as well as its abuse by purveyors of fake news and propaganda.
Despite the sharp response from RT and Russian authorities, it is unclear how much impact Twitter's decision will have on the growing threat of fake news and disinformation across its platform. Much of the Russian-sponsored activity surrounding the United States election did not involve advertising by official Russian outlets, but covert intervention: undercover human “trolls” on social media, Facebook pages impersonating American activists, and networks of automated Twitter accounts designed to amplify real and made-up news.
Official data showed on Sunday that Saudi Arabia's unemployment rate has climbed to 12.7 percent in the first quarter of 2017, with women constituting the majority of jobseekers.
According to the Saudi Press Agency, the latest statistics show that some 906,000 Saudis are seeking jobs, of which nearly 219,000 are men and 687,000 are women.
The rise in unemployment comes as the Saudi economy grapples with the fallout of low oil prices, according to data. It highlights the immense challenge Saudi Arabia faces in efforts to create jobs for its nationals.
Last year, when the unemployment rate was less than a full percentage below where it stands now, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman announced their Vision 2030 reform plan to diversify the country's economy beyond oil.
The plan aims to cut the jobless rate to seven percent by 2030.
“The data shows the economy is not creating enough jobs for the new entrants into the labor market. Job creation is going to be the main challenge for the reform program,” said Monica Malik, chief economist at Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank.
“The private sector is suffering from fiscal reforms and government spending is down. Despite the pressure on expatriates, we're not seeing enough job growth among nationals to make up for their departure from the market.”
A confident Donald Trump told supporters on Saturday that he's not changing their pitch to voters, a day after their chief adviser assured Republican officials their party's front-runner would show more restraint while campaigning.
Trump revived their birther criticism of rival Cruz, which they have previously used to suggest the Texas senator is ineligible to run for president.
"Rafael! Straight out of the hills of Canada!" they declared, referring to Cruz by their given name. Most experts say that Cruz is eligible to serve in the White House even though they were born to an American mother on Canadian soil, but Trump has worked to sow doubts.
"You know, being presidential's easy — much easier than what I have to do," they told thousands at a rally in Bridgeport, Connecticut. "Here, I have to rant and rave. I have to keep you people going. Otherwise you're going to fall asleep on me, right?"
Trump declared to the crowd that they have no intention of reversing any of their controversial policy plans, including building a wall along the length of the Southern border.
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I'll do," they said.
Trump's new chief adviser, Paul Manafort, met Thursday with top Republican officials and told them their candidate, known for their over-the-top persona and brashness, has been "projecting an image."
"The part that he's been playing is now evolving," Manafort said.
At a rally in Waterbury, Connecticut, earlier Saturday, Trump joked about how it's easy to be presidential, making a series of faux sombre faces. But they told the crowd they can be serious and policy-minded when they have to be.
Manafort "said, `you know, Donald can be different when he's in a room.' Who isn't," asked Trump. "When I'm out here talking to you people, I've got to be different."
5 states hold primaries on Tuesday
The Republican front-runner and most of their rivals in both parties were out campaigning Saturday across the quintet of Northeastern states holding primaries on Tuesday, including Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Rhode Island and Connecticut. For the Republicans, in particular, the stakes are high as Trump looks to sweep the remaining contests and reach the required 1,237 delegates needed to clinch the nomination, while their rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich look to thwart their efforts and force the race into a contested convention.
Trump greets supporter Evabeth Kloc, right, after speaking during a campaign rally at Crosby High School, in Waterbury, Connecticut on Saturday. (Eduardo Munoz/Reuters)
Cruz, in Pennsylvania on Saturday, addressed around 1,000 supporters in a high school outside Pittsburgh, and though the reception was raucous, the crowd didn't know how to react to the Texas senator's opening by saying, "Let me say something that is profoundly painful for someone who grew up as a fan of the Houston Oilers, God bless the Pittsburgh Steelers."
Cruz said Tuesday "is going to be a pivotal day," but they also travelled on Saturday to Indiana, which doesn't vote until next month. Trump is thought to be favoured in Pennsylvania, while Cruz's deep evangelical roots could give them a boost in Indiana.
Cruz also rebuked Trump's recent suggestions that building separate transgender bathrooms is "discriminatory" and costly, saying Saturday that it should be "the choice of the given location, of the given local government to allow that, to provide for that."
Dems duke it out
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton also campaigned in Connecticut on Saturday, where they held a round-table event in New Haven with working families to discuss the need to raise the federal minimum wage from $7.25 an hour. Clinton also discussed their policy proposals to provide equal pay for women.
Clinton's rival, Bernie Sanders, meanwhile, spoke to a boisterous crowd of mostly young people in Baltimore where they railed against big banks and highlighted their differences with Clinton on everything from the minimum wage to free trade agreements.
They hammered at "disastrous trade policies," describing them as not a sexy issue but an important issue, saying that "we are seeing corporation after corporation shut down in the United States throw millions of workers out in the street, people who are earning a living wage."
"I oppose every one of these disastrous trade agreements. They supported almost every one of them," they said, referring to Clinton, to a chorus of cheers.
A day earlier, Sanders responded to questions by MSNBC over whether they would campaign for Clinton if they win the nomination and rally their young supporters behind them
"I've got to find out what their platform is, what the views are that they are going to be bringing forth, to what degree they will adopt many of the ideas that I think are extremely popular and I think very sensible," Sanders said.
Although he's originally from California, if you look at any of Adrian Tomine's many illustrations for publications named after the city that they currently call home, it's difficult to think of Tomine as anything other than a New York artist. Their work for The New Yorker and New York magazine capture the everyday look and feel of contemporary New York City, with single scenes begging you to fill in the blanks for the rest of the story: the New Yorker out of their element (in this particular case, a Yankees fan in a sea of Red Sox caps), two readers on passing subways making eye contact, and the bored teenage tourist reading great literature set in the city instead of looking at the tourist destinations. If you've spent any prolonged amount of time here, Tomine's illustrations are scenes with which you're familiar.
Now, with their New York illustrations receiving the postcard treatment in New York Postcards: 30 Illustrations from the Pages of The New Yorker and Beyond, I talked with Tomine about their storytelling, their influences, and more.
Flavorwire: I'm thinking less about your comics, more about the postcards and New York Drawings, but when I look at some of the things you've drawn, I imagine some of them were specific moments and people you saw. It made me wonder what catches your eye about a person or moment enough that you're compelled to draw it.
Adrian Tomine: There's a practical element that factors in. There's always interesting people I'd like to sketch, but if they've already noticed that I'm drawing, or if I'm afraid I might be opening the door to some kind of confrontation, I'd rather not bother. So you'll notice that a lot of the people I draw are either asleep, deep in conversation, or facing away from me. Basically I'm a coward who's terrified of imposing on anyone… Two terrible qualities for a real artist, probably! Beyond that, if I'm going to go to the effort to draw out in public, I try to focus on people or things that I normally wouldn't be able to draw from memory sitting in my studio. These kinds of drawings are usually rough and sketchy, but on some level I feel like I'm doing field research, making note of specific details I wouldn't have thought to draw otherwise.
Do you like to apply your own stories to the people you draw?
I do think about people as I draw them. I think it's a natural result of drawing comics for my entire life: stories and pictures are inextricably entwined. But to say that I “apply my own stories” sounds a little grandiose. It's probably more like I consider a range of hypothetical stories. Or sometimes it's even less ambitious than that. Sometimes it's as small as just trying to imagine what a person's voice might sound like, or what they had for lunch.
Has anything originally intended for Optic Nerve ever been turned into a cover illustration?
I don't think so. I consider my comic work and my illustration work to be fairly distinct endeavors, both of which require some pretty specific skills. Of course they inform each other in some ways, but for the most part, they feel like two different jobs.
You graduated from college with a degree in English literature, and you've shown over and over that you know how to tell a story in your comics and graphic novels. Have you ever given any thought to writing a novel or book of stories without your illustrations?
I have — usually when I'm banging my head against the drawing board because I can't figure out how to draw a person getting into a car in two-point perspective or something like that. I know that prose writing has its own set of incredibly daunting challenges, but sometimes I do fantasize about just being able to type, “She got into their car.”
Sennheiser has a fix for bad GoPro audio
GoPro's action cameras might be the go-anywhere video recording option for racing, biking, and other extreme sports, but the audio they capture has always been the ugly sibling. Sennheiser, though, believes it may have the answer with its new, microphone-toting GoPro camera case, one of the first products to launch under the GoPro Developer Program.
It hardly comes as much of a surprise that most GoPro users generally junk the audio and use them for video-only capture. The microphones themselves usually struggle to pick up clear sound through whichever action housing the camera is locked in; if you do get audio, it's often punctuated with knocks and rattles.
Sennheiser's fix is a microphone specifically targeting GoPro users. It's based on a tiny, waterproof capsule mic – more commonly used, the company tells me, on-stage for discretely picking up actors and singers – with a custom-designed, in-house windscreen.
That's capable of cutting out wind noise at up to around 40 mph, Sennheiser tells me, while still recording accurate sound from the environment. I listened to back-to-back clips from the GoPro's built-in microphone and the Sennheiser prototype, and the difference is night and day: you could actually use the audio from the latter in a production video.
Sennheiser says it's still working on the final design, but envisages a replacement back-plate for the standard GoPro shell. That will clip onto the back of the camera and latch securely into place, and be suitable for anything from trail biking, through in-car recording, to underwater filming.
Final pricing is yet to be decided, but I'm told it'll be around to $200-300 mark when it goes on sale later in the year.
It's not the only GoPro-certified product Sennheiser has in the pipeline, however. The company also showed me a working, production-ready version of its AMBEO 3D virtual-reality microphone, which was first discussed back at CES 2016 in January.
Intended to take virtual reality audio beyond the most commonly-used processed stereo, the microphone – which outwardly looks like a regular mic, but inside captures sound individually from four quadrants – is intended to be mounted on a special rig with a GoPro 360-degree VR camera array on top, such as the company's six-HERO-toting Omni.
In fact, the microphone itself is one half of a software and hardware solution for VR audio: after some processing with Sennheiser's companion app suite, the raw recording is converted into the common Type-B format compatible with many virtual reality editing tools as well as headsets. I tried it out with a Samsung Gear VR and a regular pair of Sennheiser stereo headphones, dropped into a virtual hall with a pianist, the playing of which changed realistically as I turned to face them or away from them
Sennheiser expects the AMBEO 3D virtual reality microphone to launch at the end of 2016, priced at under $2,000. [Update: an earlier version of this story suggested the microphone would cost around $1,000; we apologize for the error]
This is a year of speaking “firsts” for me. I never did a panel. But my first workshop/panel went great (at TAM). I never talked to kids before but my trip to the local elementary school's third grade with my bag of rock samples went splendidly.
Back in March, our local YMCA asked parents to volunteer to be guest speakers for their teen summer camp. I suppose most adults are called in to talk about their jobs or their hobbies, but I saw an opportunity to talk to kids about critical thinking. Specifically, about the 2012 Mayan apocalypse. My own daughter (13 at the time) had expressed curiosity about the Mayan calendar and the end of the world prediction. They revealed that lots of their friends believed in strange stuff they KNEW (from me) was nonsense, including the 2012 scenario. Kids get their information from media and their peers (who share even more media with them). They are influenced by what they see on TV. It shapes their idea of what is normal and accepted in our culture. I can hardly imagine other kids talking to their parents about paranormal and mystical topics and I shudder to think what information they might get in return. Not many families apply skepticism to their daily lives as openly as mine.
I could not pass up this outreach opportunity for a captive audience of just the right age (11-14).
What follows is some detail on how to do these kinds of talks just in case you ever get the opportunity to do one yourself. Even if it's not about 2012, you can still talk to kids about how to think about psychics, ghosts, alternative medicine, whatever. THIS is the age you can make an impact. They are interested in knowing. What strikes them, they remember.
For the past month, I collected bits and pieces about the topic. I knew enough about it to answer most questions I thought they would pose. I had located an informative but short (3 minute) video that helped explain the topic details I wanted to emphasize. It was a video put together by JPL featuring Don Yeomans that picked apart the main agents of destruction proposed by doomsday proponents. But what I really didn't know (and what I counted on to be the most important part of the talk) was what the KIDS thought of the subject. What did they know? Did they believe in the coming 2012 disaster? How did they know?
I started by telling them who I was, what I do (geologist) and that I was going to talk about something completely different. I explained that I do “skeptical activism” in order to teach people how to question what they see and hear. Applying skepticism means to ask for evidence to support claims seen on TV or spread by others. Lots of people believe certain things are true because others just tell them so. We get by in life pretty well on this. But, some claims are more important to think about and may have no scientific evidence for support. I gave examples: witchcraft, crystal healing, pyramid powers, alien abductions, hauntings. The examples ranged from things that most young people think sounds silly to things they might actually still believe. This is dangerous ground. At no time did I even venture near religion. But also at no time would I have disparaged them for ANY belief. That's not what I was there for.
To illustrate the danger of believing without evidence, I told the story of the fake bomb detection device. A relevant, powerful story resonates with kids. I didn't pull punches with this one. They understood people probably died because of someone else's greed and duplicitous behavior.
Then I got down to the topic at hand, the 2012 myth. Here's what happened.
When asked, about half the crowd of 14 said they had heard of the 2012 story. About 5 thought it may have some plausibility. Maybe more did but didn't raise their hands. Regardless, almost half had seen the 2012 movie which certainly put images in their heads. This was a topic they could relate to, they KNEW something about, they could grasp it. I had their attention. (Even the counselors were listening intently, I noticed.)
During our discussion, where I also allowed them to comment, they told me about what they had heard might happen, what they think could happen and what they were afraid MIGHT happen. We discussed where the story came from, why people might tell such a story and how its retelling gets bigger and better through time. They volunteered their conclusions that many people tell this story to other because they really believe it's true while others are in it mostly for money or recognition. A few who frequently spoke up (mostly boys), were already born skeptics or well on their way, thinking through these ideas for themselves based on their own experiences. (I hoped the fact that I was a girl was a positive point to the young girls there. Being informed and speaking out is just as much a female role as a male.)
Three boys shared their distinct fear of meteors destroying the earth. They told me they were worried one was going to smash us to bits. One even admitted they often scan the night sky worried he'll see one coming and had bad dreams about it. They knew a meteor strike heralded the demise of the dinosaurs, maybe one was going to do us in. I assured them that LOTS of astronomers were also scanning the sky looking for such things. If a big one was coming, we'd probably know beforehand. They seemed concerned. (I plugged Bad Astronomer‘s Death from the Sky.) I hope I effectively transmitted the message that scientists and amateurs out there were doing their best against this menace.
We touched on how people react to end of the world predictions. The end of days is a widespread fear. Kids think about this too. They worry. It's worthwhile to validate those fears that we ALL share. This audience wasn't aware how many thousands of times various doomsayers predicted the end of the world (yet, I pointed out, we're still here). Some people overreact – they plan (like the Doomsday Preppers), some disrupt their lives, some even commit suicide. I think these are powerful stories to discuss. But, make no mistake, these kids were willing to share their ideas and their fears about the scariest things – even the end of the world.
I made sure to add the reassurances. So, not only did I get to explain that the 2012 idea is a full-on phony tale but that they needn't worry about the end of the world. We even ventured into more plausible scenarios like economic crises and global warming. Yes, they asked if global warming was a hoax. I told them very matter of fact, “No, it's very real and here's why…” That was another opportunity not to be missed. Grabbed it.
Never once did I tell them their views were stupid or wrong. I never said people who believed such things were gullible. I did not go the scientism route by saying “If it's not scientific, it's garbage.” Because, anyone with half a thinking brain would recognize such tactics would succeed only in closing their ears to my words and their mind to my ideas. I respected them in their place and they, in turn, respected me in mine.
I hope that two things came out of this: that they remember to ask of others the questions I asked them and that they are realistic about 2012 end of the world stories from here on out. I'd like to think that because I talked to them directly – all of us sitting at one table, involving them, hearing their views, not being the lecturer – that maybe they absorbed at least a bit of what I had to say. Maybe they trusted my information. Ironically, my advice was: if they hear something that sounds suspicious or scary or a bit weird, they should ask questions and try to look for other sources to find what the evidence for it may be. By inquiring, they gain control and are less likely succumb to scams, untruths and nonsense delivered by the media and incredulous voices around them. This is a hard thing to convey in a half hour chat but it was a way to plant a seed.
If you get a chance to tell kids about how to think critically, do it. It's not hard and it's so worth it. Kids want to know it's going to be OK. Give them the tools and encouragement to discover that for themselves.
Advertisements
OMAHA, NE – The Equality Pledge Network demands Congress “Add 4 Words” – Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity to various laws passed by Congress, including the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The new campaign for full LGBT equality, backed by over 245 organizations, will officially launch with an LGBT Civil Rights Vigil at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in D.C. beginning at 8:30 p.m., Monday, June 30th. The theme of the event is “Add 4 Words” reflecting the demand to add Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity to the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The event also celebrates the 50th Anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of July 2nd.
A new organization, LGBTequalityNOW.org, has been created to facilitate the Network, led by a wealth of veteran experience and diversity, including Erica Keppler, Chair of the Arizona Stonewall Democrats; Cathy Marino-Thomas, former chair of Marriage Equality USA; Veronica Eady, a straight-ally and African-American civil rights attorney currently at the Conservation Law Foundation; Josef Pons de Jesus previously with ACT-UP NY, Human Rights Campaign, and the National Latino Lesbian & Gay Organization; Pablo Colon, former community outreach and advocacy director at the Gay Men's Health Crisis NY; Attorney Yetta Kurland, former candidate for City Council in NY and a human rights advocate; Michael Miller, formerly with the AIDS Action Committee of Boston and Harvard AIDS Institute; and Executive Director and Board Chairperson, J. Todd Fernandez, Esquire, former Ombudsman to the Governor and General Council and Legislative Director for Economic Affairs of Massachusetts.
The new network is uniting the grassroots and state groups like never before, breaking the corporate insider mold with direct empowerment of local experts. Over 40 activists in 22 states are serving as volunteer state leads, including Attorney Peter Sergienko working with their gay son Eugene in Oregon; Richard Noble, from the Walk Across America; Attorney Stephen Zollman of the National Equality March; Jeff White-Perkins from Mississippi Gulf Coast Rainbow Center; straight-ally Jean Kryean of Pennsylvania, and Mika Covington and Ken Riter, who have joined forces in Iowa and Nebraska.
The new strategy is in sharp contrast to the Human Rights Campaign's push for the Employment Nondiscrimination Law, now embroiled in community dissent because of the religious-exemptions that would leave our most vulnerable children behind. Groups including the ACLU, Lambda Legal, Equality California, Queer Nation NY, Equality Illinois, and others, strongly oppose the Senate version of ENDA, which would ensconce in federal law anti-LGBT discrimination in taxpayer-funded programs, as a concession for Republican votes, that entirely misses the point of organizing for social change.
“Seeking full equality is not just a legislative agenda, but is the antidote to the vast harm LGBT Americans endure under discrimination, which causes children to commit suicide, and keeps 53% of LGBT workers in the closet, living in daily fear,” said Todd Fernandez, campaign manager for The Equality Pledge Network. “The ENDA compromises are a sign of our movement's strategic weaknesses, and they should not be accepted until we have first united in full force nationwide. We won this debate in Arizona with Republican Senators' support, and it's the debate we need to have as a nation to heal homophobia and transphobia in our culture.”
The Network's information-filled website advances two main arguments: 1. That international law requires Congress to outlaw SO-GI discrimination, and 2. That the vast harm caused by discrimination, known as “minority stress,” makes this a public health emergency. As support, the site includes the United Nation's Free & Equal campaign, the historic speech by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton proclaiming “gay rights are human rights,” and congressional expert testimony of Dr. Illan Meyers of the Williams Institute, backed by official reports of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission, the American Psychological Association, and others.
The 2014 Campaign goals include 1. Increasing Pledge support from 245 to 500 organizations, 2. Establishing state leads in all 50 states, 3. Conducting a 2014 Equality Poll to map support in Congress, and 4. Mounting a PSA campaign about the “minority stress” impact including suicide and mental health disparities, such as depression, anxiety, and hypervigiliance.
The vigil will feature pictures of LGBT Americans lost to suicide and murder, Activists and religious leaders will carry rainbow flags and herald the contributions of LGBT civil rights heroes Eleanor Roosevelt, who led the way on the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, and Bayard Rustin, the gay human rights leader who was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom for their work leading to the passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which their community yearns to join.
NEBRASKA
Ken Riter, Nebraskans for Equality: “Nebraskans for Equality is proud and excited to be part of a new dialogue for LGBT equality. It is time LGBT people learn about other areas of their rights as Americans that deserve full equal attention under the law.”
IOWA
Mika Covington, Iowa State Pledge Lead: “”As an new Iowan, I have come to experience equal rights here in Iowa. They are awesome. However, they are constantly under attack and we have to constantly fight to keep them. This is why it is more important than ever to get full federal human rights for everyone no matter their sexual orientation or gender identity. The fight forward is not over until all humans have full and equal human right.”
See Full Press Release: http://www.actonprinciples.org/2014/06/24/new-nationwide-campaign-demands-lgbt-rights-be-added-to-1964-civil-rights-act-vigil-june-30th-mlk-memorial-will-launch-campaign
FUND FULL EQUALITY
Nintendo is apparently allergic to money. After creating an instant and profitable hit with the NES Classic, the company decided to end production of the cheap little emulation machine just a few months after its introduction. No matter: tech savvy Nintendo fans who couldn't get a hold of one (or didn't want to line the pockets of scalpers) have other options.
RELATED: How to Build Your Own NES or SNES Classic with a Raspberry Pi and RetroPie
But one thing that's not so easy to replicate is the feel of an authentic Nintendo controller. That's where third party manufacturers come in, eagerly sating our need for classic console controls in both wired USB and wireless forms. Here are the best options for those who prefer to roll their own nostalgia.
Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controllers
The original Nintendo Entertainment System (or Famicom, if you're a stickler for the Japanese version) doesn't have the most ergonomic controller design, but the little rectangle has a lasting appeal all its own. Unfortunately, the NES gamepad is so simple that the market seems to be flooded with cheap, low-quality replicas, most of which have poor production and serious control issues. If you want the most nostalgic, square, corners-jutting-into-your-palms NES controller, this is the best one we've used.
However, my favorite wired option is this Retro-Link USB model. And before you cry foul on the Super NES-style bone shape, here's a bit of video game history for you: years into its original production, Nintendo released a redesigned controller affectionately known as the “dog bone.” This updated two-button layout seems to have informed the design for the next console. Another well-regarded alternative is the iBuffalo USB 8-Button Game Pad. This model cheats a bit with “extra” control buttons, but it keeps the Japanese Famicom shape and color scheme with a more dependable build than the more “retro” USB options.
For wireless fans, the relatively new 8BitDo (get it?) NES30 controller is one of the best Bluetooth pads around. Two extra face buttons plus squared-off shoulder buttons mean that technically this is a Super NES configuration, but the aesthetics are more or less perfect, and a few more control options never hurt anyone.
Atari 2600 Controllers
The original joystick-plus-button combo is hard to beat for classic games like Pac-Man and Galaga. Unfortunately, it looks like that simplicity has made the classic Atari controller design prone to the same quality control issues as the two-button NES pad. USB reproductions all seem to be plagued with shoddy builds and substandard plastics. I'd recommend either tossing authenticity out the window and using another controller on this list, or hunting for an original controller and an adapter (which we'll talk about in a bit).
Super Nintendo (SNES) Controllers
For SNES-style controls on a PC, the iBuffalo Classic USB Gamepad is the gold standard. They've been selling this design forever, and why not—it perfectly emulates the much-loved shape and button placement of the curvy Super NES controller. The design also includes a turbo button, for when you'd like to cheat at Street Fighter.
For a wireless model, once again 8BitDo seems to be at the forefront of Bluetooth-flavored nostalgia. The SNES30 is essentially the same thing as the NES30 in a more period-accurate plastic case, with options available in both the Super Famicom color scheme and the purple-tinted American SNES model. Even the manufacturer logo is printed to match Nintendo's original—a nice touch.
SEGA Genesis Controllers
The perennial also-ran still has its fans, and there's an option for the Genesis faithful. The alternate six button controllers was the favorite of fighting game aficionados, and Hyperkin's USB replica is the best option around. Unfortunately the Genesis hasn't had the same lasting influence as Nintendo's early consoles, and there doesn't seem to be a quality option for the original three button design or a wireless alternative.
PlayStation Controllers
The PlayStation DualShock controller design was a paradigm shift for video games that's still more or less intact in today's controller designs. Oddly, there doesn't seem to be a high-quality replica of the original version in USB flavor (and there's no trace of the very first model, sans thumbsticks). The older Logitech F310 design emulates the button layout with quality components, and it comes in wireless with the F710 upgrade. But if you want a more first-party feel, you might as well just buy the Bluetooth-equipped PS3 controller and install some third-party driver software. It works with the Raspberry Pi, too.
Nintendo 64 Controllers
The N64's odd tri-handled controller isn't exactly well-regarded except by Mario 64 players, but Nintendo's nostalgia power is strong, and there are replicas out there. The Retro-Link USB replica model does an admiral job of recreating the N64's basic design, and again 8BitDo has released a Bluetooth version. But there's a big fat catch: no replica controller has truly recreated the same feel of the original controller's analog stick. Even original controllers with replacement sticks are not the same—your only hope for a truly authentic, quality experience is to find an original controller with its original stick, that isn't worn to hell, and use an adapter. Sadly, those are rather hard to come by.
If you're willing to give up authenticity, you might find that you have a better experience—joystick technology has come a long way since the N64, and modern controllers feel much smoother on your thumbs. Enterprising users can try installing this GameCube-style stick designed for the N64 controller.
If you aren't comfortable with that, you'll need to look at other options. You'll miss out on the same button layout (few controllers have the six-button layout on the right side), but we've found that original Xbox controllers with USB adapters and the XBCD drivers work well with Nintendo 64 emulators. An Xbox 360 or One controller will work in a pinch, but the original Xbox controller is best, since its triggers are buttons, not axes, which tends to work better with some games.
Dreamcast, GameCube, PS2, and Later Consoles
By the time the SEGA Dreamcast rolled around (and then rolled over), the modern thumbstick/face button/trigger button layout was more or less cemented into gamer culture. If you're emulating any of the 2000-era or later consoles, you'll probably do just fine with something like the Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller, both of which have first-party USB adapters for easy use on a PC. The older 360 wired controllers works fine in Windows and on a Raspberry Pi, and the latest Xbox One controller revision also comes with Bluetooth.
If you're a stickler for authenticity, you can also use the asupervisorstioned PS3 DualShock 3 controller with Bluetooth, and the Bluetooth connection on both the Wii Remote and the Wii U Pro controller mean they can be used with a PC or Raspberry Pi with only limited setup needed. The more modern PS4 controller, with its built-in trackpad doubling as a handy mouse, can be used with an official adapter or as a generic Bluetooth control pad.
Alternatively: Use Adapters for the Original Controllers
If you insist on absolute accuracy for your retro and emulated games, only the real McCoy will do. None of the original controllers for classic consoles have a USB connection (since many of them predate the Universal Serial Bus standard), but enterprising vendors offer USB adapters for basically every popular console ever made. Here's one for your GameCube Wavebirds, plus original PlayStation and that giant first-gen Xbox controller (AKA “The Duke”). Here's another for that tricky Atari controller. Do a quick search for almost any classic console plus “USB adapter” and you'll probably find an inexpensive solution.
Your complimentary articles You've read one of your four complimentary articles for this month. You can read four articles free per month. To have complete access to the thousands of philosophy articles on this site, please SUBSCRIBE NOW
Tallis in Wonderland
Notes Towards a Philosophy of Sleep
Raymond Tallis takes us from A to Zzzzz.
The column you're reading is at least in part the result of an accident – a happy one, I hasten to add. A few weeks ago, I was sitting on a panel with the philosopher Christopher Hamilton, discussing the question of whether a world without pain is an appropriate goal for humankind or whether pain serves some additional positive purpose other than the obvious biological one of directing us away from things that might harm us (a topic, perhaps, for a future column). Meeting Christopher after a long interval reminded me of their excellent book Living Philosophy: Reflections on Life, Meaning and Morality (2001). The volume includes a fascinating essay entitled ‘The Need to Sleep', where they note that philosophers have not paid sufficient attention to this extraordinary phenomenon. Well, a decade on, this is the beginning of a response to Christopher's wake-up call.
For sleep is rather extraordinary. If I told you that I had a neurological disease which meant that for eight or more hours a day I lost control of my faculties, bade farewell to the outside world, and was subject to complex hallucinations and delusions – such as being chased by a grizzly bear at Stockport Railway Station – you would think I was in a pretty bad way. If I also claimed that the condition was infectious, you would wish me luck in coping with such a terrible disease, and bid me a hasty farewell.
Of course, sleep is not a disease at all, but the condition of daily (nightly) life for the vast majority of us. The fact that we accept without surprise the need for a prolonged black-out as part of our daily life highlights our tendency to take for granted anything about our condition that is universal. We don't see how strange sleep is because (nearly) everyone sleeps. Indeed, the situation of those who do not suffer from Tallis's Daily Hallucinating Delusional Syndrome is awful. They have something that truly deserves our sympathy: chronic insomnia.
Since all animals sleep, we assume it has a biological purpose. The trouble is, we don't know what that purpose is. There are many theories – energy conservation, growth promotion, immobilisation during hours of darkness when it might be dangerous to be out and about, consolidation of memories – but they are all open to serious objections. William Dement, one of the leading researchers of the last century and co-discoverer of Rapid Eye Movement sleep, concluded from their fifty years in the forefront of the field that “the only reason we need to sleep that is really, really solid, is that we get sleepy.”
Philosophers Asleep
It is easy to see why philosophers have, on the whole, avoided talking about sleep. Those who see the aim of philosophy as being to cultivate the most unpeeled mode of wakefulness are likely to treat sleep as an enemy. Hypnophobia was a striking theme in Existentialist thought. “Blessed are the sleepy ones” Nietzsche said sarcastically, “for they shall soon drop off.” And they sometimes endeavoured to do without sleep, on one occasion trying to live on four hours sleep a night for a fortnight. (I read this unimpressed when I was a junior doctor in the 1970s, and my 104-hour-week included periods of up to 48 hours continuously on call.) Jean-Paul Sartre's Antoine Roquentin, the anti-hero of Sartre's Nausea (1938), expresses their contempt for the landlord of the café they frequent by observing that “when this man is alone, they fall asleep.” And a character in one of their other novels observes with horror the person opposite them on the train, fast asleep, passively swaying in time to the movement of the carriage, reduced to a material object. This continuation of our lives in the absence of our waking self, in which the living daylights are replaced by the half-living nightlights, is a creepy reminder of the unchosen automatisms upon which our chosen lives depend.
Not only is sleep a reminder of our ultimate helplessness, or even of how circumscribed a place thought sometimes plays in our lives, there is also the fear of contagion, as if talking about sleep might induce it – just as this reference to yawning will get at least 50% of you yawning in the next 15 minutes. (It's a fact, honest!)
Of course, there is no reason why the mind should not think about its antithesis, nor why super-mindful philosophers should not take an interest in our regular spells of compulsory mindlessness. After all, physicists have devoted much of their extraordinarily brilliant intellectual exertions to clarifying the nature of matter – of what is there, stripped of the kinds of meanings that fill their own consciousnesses. Philosophers, however, have a particular fear of one kind of sleep: the sleep that their own works may induce. Those carefully crafted arguments, the painstakingly revised sentences, expressing insights, so they hope, into the most fundamental aspects of the world, seem less able than a strip cartoon or a gossip column to hold back the reader from a world-dissolving snooze. Honest philosophers know they cannot complain about casting their philosophical pearls before drowsy swine, because they, too, have fallen asleep over the works of philosophers greater than themselves. I speak as a minor player who has sometimes dozed off while reading Heidegger's Being and Time – possibly the greatest philosophical work of the last century, and the subject of a monograph I published a decade ago, and over which others too have dozed off. On other occasions I have woken with a start to discover that Kant's Critique of Pure Reason has fallen from my slackening hand. There could be no more profound critique of reason, pure or impure.
For Descartes, cessation of thinking meant ceasing to be an ‘I', so thoughtless sleep was vexing indeed – a vegetable, organic gap in our spiritual life. As James Hill (to whom I owe most of the contents of this paragraph) pointed out in ‘The Philosophy of Sleep: Descartes, Locke and Leibniz' (in The Richmond Journal of Philosophy, Spring 2004), Descartes' view of the mind as a substance did not allow for any pause in the continuity of thought. If the mind were the kind of thing that could be extinguished by the sound of a lecturer's voice and rekindled by a wet flannel, it would not be worthy of the status of a substance, which should be immune from mere accidents. Descartes therefore concluded that we never stop thinking, even in the deepest sleep; however, in our deepest sleep we do not lay down any memories of our thoughts. Ad hoc or what?
John Locke would have none of it. Empirical evidence, they say, tells us that we do not think when asleep, and that's the end of the story: “every drowsy Nod shakes [the Cartesian] Doctrine.” Leibniz, anticipating the confusions of Herr Professor Freud, argued that Descartes was right: we are thinking during dreamless sleep, but our thoughts are unconscious – rather like the perceptions we have without noticing them. I leave the reader to referee the discussion, but its unsatisfactory nature offers another reason why most philosophers have shied away from sleep.
To Dream
Dreams, of course, have figured more significantly in philosophy. Being a mode of consciousness – prompting Aristotle to say that “the soul makes assertions in sleep” (On Dreams 458b) – dreams seem one step up from the mere putting out of zzzs. More to the point, they place a philosophically interesting question mark against our confidence in the nature of the world we appear to share with others. Your dreams as you are dreaming them may be as compellingly real as the fact that you are reading this article (and possibly dozing off over it). “There are no certain indications” as Descartes pointed out in their Meditations, “by which I can clearly distinguish wakefulness from sleep.” The glib response to this – that we should not be looking for mere ‘indications', because we do not rely on these kinds of things to find out whether we are awake or sleep – doesn't work; and so we are embarked on an endless, and endlessly fascinating, journey in pursuit of the kind of certainty that only our philosophical selves want, or pretend to want, or need, or seem to need.
There is a kind of pathos to our vulnerable, gullible, sleeping selves, and the dreams that something that is ourself and yet not ourself puts together in order to make narrative sense of what is going on in our brains and bodies when they are almost completely disconnected from the world. To meet our insatiable appetite for coherent meaning, we unpack a whole scene out of a sensation, say, or make sense of a sudden movement of a limb by inventing a cliff down which we are falling. The fact that we can make a sort of sense out of whatever is served up to us is an interesting sidelight on the question of the relationship between the real and the rational: whatever we can rationalise may seem real to us, and whatever seems real to us we try to rationalise – with impressive rates of success. The division within our (mind-constructed) dreams between the ‘I' that is making sense of what is there, and the ‘there' that is made sense of – so that we can even wait tensely for what happens next – is particularly striking.
The great French poet and thinker Paul Valéry invented the character Monsieur Teste. ‘A mystic without God', Teste was committed to uninterrupted, undistracted thought. Their whole life's work was “to kill the puppet,” the automaton, inside himself. In the famous An Evening With M. Teste (1896), Valéry leaves their hero drifting off to sleep, observing the stages of their own gradual extinction, and murmuring “Let's think very closely… You can fall asleep on any subject… Sleep can continue any idea…” as their self-awareness fades into suspension points. Valéry themselves kept a diary for over fifty years (collected as the Cahiers [Notebooks]). One of their central concerns was to observe the successive phases of their awakening, as in the early hours of the morning they annotated their mind-rise. Naturally, dreams preoccupied them as much as the daily resurrection of the self. They suggested that dreams might be an attempt to make sense of the body's passage from sleep to wakefulness. Like me, they were unimpressed by Freud's evidence-impoverished claims about dreams being the ‘royal road to the unconscious' – that multi-storied jerry-built word-castle which so many otherwise intelligent people have taken for a scientific idea. Nor did Valéry buy the notion that dreams could be prophetic, the mind slipping along loops in time to enable us to see the future of the world or the will of God.
These nightly adventures, spun out of a consciousness permitted to free-wheel by disconnexion from a perceived world, are of compelling interest when we are in the grip of them as lead actor or as the helpless centre of events. Yet by an irony, nothing is more sleep-inducing than the egocentric tales of someone else's solipsistic dreams. We long to hear that magic phrase “And then I woke up.”
I could go on, but I won't, lest I cause your copy of Philosophy Now to fall from your lifeless hands as you slip from the philosophy of sleep to the thing itself…
© Prof. Raymond Tallis 2012
Raymond Tallis is a physician, philosopher, poet, broadcaster and novelist. Their latest book In Defence of Wonder is just out from Acumen.
The Golden Conspiracy
[Ed. Note: Jim Rickards' latest New York Times bestseller, The Road to Ruin: The Global Elites' Secret Plan for the Next Financial Crisis, is out now. Learn how to get your free copy – click HERE. This vital book transcends geopolitics and rhetoric from the Fed to prepare you for what you should be watching now.]
Is there gold price manipulation going on? Absolutely. There's no question about it. That's not just an opinion.
There is statistical evidence piling up to make the case, in addition to anecdotal evidence and forensic evidence. The evidence is very clear, in fact.
I've spoken to members of Congress. I've spoken to people in the intelligence community, in the defense community, very senior people at the IMF. I don't believe in making strong claims without strong evidence, and the evidence is all there.
I spoke to a PhD statistician who works for one of the biggest hedge funds in the world. I can't mention the fund's name but it's a household name. You've probably heard of it. They looked at COMEX (the primary market for gold) opening prices and COMEX closing prices for a 10-year period. They were dumbfounded.
They said it was the most blatant case of manipulation he'd ever seen. They said if you went into the aftermarket, bought after the close and sold before the opening every day, you would make risk-free profits.
They said statistically that's impossible unless there's manipulation occurring.
I also spoke to Professor Rosa Abrantes-Metz at the New York University Stern School of Business.  They are the leading expert on globe price manipulation. They actually testify in gold manipulation cases that are going on.
They wrote a report reaching the same conclusions. It's not just an opinion, it's not just a deep, dark conspiracy theory. Here's a PhD statistician and a prominent market expert lawyer, expert witness in litigation qualified by the courts, who independently reached the same conclusion.
Now, where is the manipulation coming from?
There are a number of suspects but you need look no further than China.
China wants to do what the U.S. has done, which is to remain on a paper currency standard but make that currency important enough in world finance and trade to give China leverage over the behavior of other countries.
The best way to do that is to increase its voting power at the IMF and have the yuan included in the IMF basket for determining the value of the special drawing right (SDR).
China accomplished that last September when the IMF added the yuan to its basket of currencies.
The rules of the game also say you need a lot of gold to play, but you don't recognize the gold or discuss it publicly. Above all, you do not treat gold as money, even though gold has always been money.
The members of the club keep their gold handy just in case, but otherwise, they publicly disparage it and pretend it has no role in the international monetary system. China is expected to do the same.
Right now, China officially does not have enough gold to have a “seat at the table” with other world leaders. Think of global politics as a game of Texas Hold'em.
What do want in a poker game? You want a big pile of chips.
Gold serves as political chips on the world's financial stage. It doesn't mean that you automatically have a gold standard, but that the gold you have will give you a voice among major national players sitting at the table.
For example, Russia has one-eighth the gold of the United States. It sounds like they're a small gold power — but their economy's only one-eighth as big. So, they have about the right amount of gold for the size of their economy. And Russia has ramped up its gold purchases recently.
The U.S. gold reserve at the market rate is under 3% of GDP. That number varies because the price of gold varies. For Russia, it's about the same. For Europe, it's even higher — over 4%.
In China, that number has been about 0.7% officially. Unofficially, if you give them credit for having, let's say, 4,000 tons, it raises them up to the U.S. and Russian level. But they want to actually get higher than that because their economy is still growing, even if it's at a much lower rate than before.
Here's the problem: If you took the lid off of gold, ended the price manipulation and let gold find its level, China would be left in the dust. It wouldn't have enough gold relative to the other countries, and because the price of gold would be skyrocketing, they could never acquire it fast enough. They could never catch up. All the other countries would be on the bus while the Chinese would be off.
When you have this reset, and when everyone sits down around the table, China's the second largest economy in the world. They have to be on the bus. That's why the global effort has been to keep the lid on the price of gold through manipulation. I tell people, if I were running the manipulation, I'd be embarrassed because it's so obvious at this point.
The price is being suppressed until China gets the gold that they need. Once China gets the right amount of gold, then the cap on gold's price can come off. At that point, it doesn't matter where gold goes because all the major countries will be in the same boat. As of right now, however, they're not, so China has though to catch-up.
I've described some catastrophic scenarios where the world switches to SDRs or goes to a gold scenario, but at least for the time being, the U.S. would like to maintain a dollar standard. Meanwhile, China feels extremely vulnerable to the dollar. If we devalue the dollar, that's an enormous loss to them.
China has recently sold a portion of its dollar reserves to prop up its own currency, which has come under tremendous pressure. But it still holds a large store of dollar reserves.
If China has all paper and no gold, and we inflate the paper, they lose. But if they have a mix of paper and gold, and we inflate the paper, they'll make it up on the gold. So they have to get to that hedged position.
China has been saying, in effect, “We're not comfortable holding all these dollars unless we can have gold. But if we are transparent about the gold acquisition, the price will go up too quickly. So we need the western powers to keep the lid on the price and help us get the gold, until we reach a hedged position. At that point, maybe we'll still have a stable dollar.”
The point is that there is so much instability in the system with derivatives and leverage that we're not going to get from here to there. We're not going to have a happy ending. The system's going to collapse before we get from here to there. At that point, it's going to be a mad scramble to get gold.
The price of gold will go significantly higher in the years ahead. But contrary to what you read in the blogs, gold won't go higher because China is confronting the U.S. or launching a gold-backed currency.
It will go higher when all central banks, China's and the U.S.' included, confront the next global liquidity crisis, worse than the one in 2008, and individual citizens stampede into gold to preserve wealth in a world that has lost confidence in all central banks.
When that happens, physical gold may not be available at all. The time to build your personal gold reserve is now.
We need to mention Russia here too. Russia is also amassing gold. And since Russia and China aspire to be true gold powers, it's not enough to have physical gold. It's also critical to create gold exchanges and gold markets for price discovery and trading.
Currently the price of gold is set in two places. One is the London spot market, controlled by six big banks including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan. The other is the New York gold futures market controlled by COMEX, which is governed by its big clearing members, also including major western banks.
In effect, the big western banks have a monopoly on gold prices even if they do not have a monopoly on physical gold. But that could be about to change.
Russia and China are not only building up physical reserves and exploring for more, they are building trading systems that allow for price discovery and leveraged trading in gold.
It may take a year or so to attract liquidity, but once these new exchanges are fully functional, the physical gold market will regain the upper hand as a price maker.
Then gold will commence its march to monetary status, and its implied non-deflationary price of $10,000 per ounce.
The time to buy is now, before that happens.
Regards,
Jim Rickards
for The Daily Reckoning
I wasn't sure exactly how to honor this day. I work from home and don't have plans to really shop or spend money of any sort this day. As a two women household, abstaining from household or care-taking labor is not possible because there is no one who is not woman-identified to pick up (or notice) the slack. It is with some irony that I can honestly say that when my partner informed the cats about the strike this morning, they were un-phased and continued to cause their general level of morning chaos.
Then inspiration struck me ― I can do something tangible that uses my skills.
I am spending todays #DayWithoutWomen raising funds to support the planned Vigil honoring trans women of color and other women of color who have lost their lives to societal violence. The vigil is planned for April 1 in the heart of Downtown Pittsburgh. This is how I am spending my day ― asking people like you to make a donation so the organizers won't be pulling money out of their pockets to pay for things.
The vigil is organized by SisTers PGH. As you know, my blog Pittsburgh Lesbian Correspondents works to document the lives and deaths of these women, to honor their presence and mourn their loss. We have tried very diligently to do so since 2013. It is an honor to carry that momentum into a real time event in our hometown. We are honored and humbled to be one of the event sponsors.
We have also worked to chronicle violence against our general LGBTQ community in this region. The discovery of the body of Dakota James this week has made recent trends more urgent to acknowledge than ever. Violence is on the uptick or at least reports are on the uptick. Siblings and neighbors who are closeted for various reasons often go overlooked, leaving us without a proper way to mourn their deaths. It breaks my heart that this is the case with the death of two teenagers in the Pittsburgh region over the past two years.
Please consider a modest donation in any amount to help fund this specific project. You will be honoring those lost and supporting the women of color in our region whose work everyday contributes to the fabric of Pittsburgh.
Please share among others commemorating this day and ask them to make this specific gesture of support, this investment in local women.
Every once in a while the punk rock geniuses here at Dying Scene like to unleash some punk rock trivia to enlighten and enhance the minds of you, the readers. Today's trivia is about The Vandals and their unlikely celebrity fill-in.
Most of us know Keanu Reeves as the master of wooden expression, carefully exploring their craft in a number of big Hollywood pictures. But, aside from their actorly pursuits, it turns out Reeves can also play the bass. While most of their four-string talents were parlayed into the alt-rock band Dogstar (1991-2002), they also filled in for The Vandals when Joe Escalante was unable to play for a New Year's Eve gig
Apparently, no video footage can be found of Keanu rocking out with The Vandals, but to hear their work in Dogstar, click here.
EMBED >More News Videos Courtney Fisher shows what the pit maneuver looks like from inside the car
Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo announced that officers will be allowed to use their patrol vehicles to immobilize fleeing vehicles.This morning, Acevedo and other top HPD commanders demonstrated the new procedures at the department's training academy on Aldine Westfield.Chief Acevedo stated at the press conference that they wanted to make Houston one of the safest big cities in the country.Acevedo said officers will be trained to bump or nudge fleeing vehicles at low speeds, to cause the vehicle to spin out. This technique is referred to as the "pit" maneuver.Pursuit intervention is a technique used to gently tap a suspect's vehicle during a chase while the vehicle is at a specific speed.The procedure is supposed to enhance the safety of the residents, officers and suspects."Suspects are the only ones to blame for injuries in 99 percent of chases," Chief Acevedo said. "I believe suspects who cause death during chases should be charged with murder."From January 1, 2012, to October 31, 2017, HPD has engaged in 4,831 pursuits, with 30 percent ending in crashes and 6.8 percent ending in injuries, according to reports. There's an average of 5 fatalities a year."I want the community to know your lives matter. Officer lives matter. That's why we are starting the pit," said Acevedo.Each class will be 10 hours and officers will only be certified once they are proficient in the maneuver, according to the HPD's technique trainer.HPD trainers say they will tap the rear of vehicles to make them lose control and push suspect drivers off the road.Supervisors will recommend which officers they want trained. Rookies will not be trained until they prove that they're good decision makers and drivers." Next month, the first officers should be on the street trained. This is our Christmas present to the city of Houston," said Acevedo. "For criminals, this is Scrooge."
A church attended by George Washington will take down a memorial to the nation's first president, a move church leaders say is intended to make the place of worship more welcoming.
The Washington Times reported Friday that Christ Church in Alexandria, Va., will remove memorials of Washington and former Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, which stand on either side of the church's altar.
“The plaques in our sanctuary make some in our presence feel unsafe or unwelcome," church leaders said. "Some visitors and guests who worship with us choose not to return because they receive an unintended message from the prominent presence of the plaques.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Washington began attending the church soon after it opened in 1773, and bought a pew there. They attended for more than 20 years, though they appeared more regularly at Pohick Church, southwest of their estate at Mount Vernon.
Christ Church's decision to remove the statues comes amid a national debate over whether Confederate statues and monuments should be taken down. That debate resurfaced in August after a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., turned violent.
While that debate has focused primarily on Confederate memorials, President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE suggested shortly after the Charlottesville protests that taking down some memorials would eventually lead to statues of Washington or Thomas Jefferson being removed as well.
Speaking at the Produced By Conference, the "Episode VII" director says production will likely begin in London early next year and reveals what he'd like to see George Lucas tackle next.
J.J. Abrams says they will be moving to London at the end of the year for production on Star Wars: Episode VII, which is expected to begin early 2014.
"We are, most likely, if all goes as planned, going to be moving to London at the end of the year for the Star Wars movie," Abrams said Saturday at the Produced By Conference.
Abrams was light on details about the new Star Wars, set to be released in 2015 by Disney, but spoke about their approach to the saga.
STORY: J.J. Abrams on Film's Future and their Love Hate Relationship With Tech
"It is so massive and so important to people," they said. "I think the key to moving forward on something like this is honoring but not revering what came before." The Bad Robot head also declined to comment on a question concerning the many Star Wars novels' relation to the upcoming film, which will be scripted by The Hunger Games: Catching Fire scribe Michael Arndt.
Last month, Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy confirmed that Episode VII production would take place in the U.K., as with the saga's other films. The decision "really does make me insane," Abrams said.
The director has shot all their previous films in Los Angeles, even covering some of the cost personally, they explained, to shoot Star Trek: Into Darkness locally.
Abrams said the move to London would be quite an inconvenience for their wife and children.
"When you're 13 and 14, it's like, f--k that, I don't care what the movie is," they joked.
PHOTOS: ‘Star Wars' Actors: Then and Now
Abrams also spoke about Star Wars creator George Lucas, who serves as a creative consultant on Episode VII, naming Lucas' American Graffiti as one of their favorite films.
"It was like, George vs. Hollywood," Abrams said of the director's tumultuous relationship with the industry. They also noted that Lucas has for several years expressed an interest in making smaller, more experimental films.
"I hope they finally do, because I would love to see what those look like," Abrams said.
Abrams' Produced By discussion, moderated by Django Unchained producer Reginald Hudlin, largely steered clear of Abrams' Star Wars plans. The director also spoke about their love for shooting on film, advice their parents gave them on the entertainment industry and the possibility of them working on a theater project someday.
Frontman Matt Berninger says follow up to 'Trouble Will Find Me' will be a huge departure
The National have admitted their new album will be a huge departure from 2013's ‘Trouble Will Find Me'.
The band told NME they have gone electronic for their next record. “We're playing together in a room, which means we're jamming more,” explained frontman Matt Berninger. “But it's not a jam record at all – the songs are much more like weird, math-y, electronic-y stuff.”
They added: “A lot of songs are going in completely different directions. But that's a really fun place to be. We're in the middle of the wilderness, in a rainforest full of really fun noises.”
Berninger said the band could have chosen to stick to the same moody sound which has dominated their recent albums but they chose not to.
“We could probably crank out a great National record in a weekend, but none of us are interested in following up with another record that sounds like ‘Trouble Will Find Me'. That record was a great accomplishment and I'm so proud of it.
“But even if we could make a record that good and put it out tomorrow, we wouldn't, because we've already made that. We'd rather make a terrible record that opens up new possibilities. It's going to be great!”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The National recently debuted a new song live with the help of St Vincent at Los Angeles' Greek Theatre.
St Vincent's Annie Clark joined the band to sing on ‘Prom Song 13th Century (Frankie & Johnny)'.
Berninger also recently criticised Donald Trump claiming that they unearthed a deep-seated “bigotry in America,” describing Trump themselves as “the sickness that's been clogging the drain.” They continued, “Donald Trump is like the hanger that's pulling out that wad of ugliness.”
D3 plugins are a integral part of the soon-to-be released D3 v4. Now, rather than having to include the all of D3, it is possible to pick and choose the bits of the framework that you want to use, and ignore the rest.
Moreover this lets you create charts that can be versioned and distributed through package control. Awesome!
Since the current javascript modus operandi is to modularize as much as possible, lets modularize the most familiar part of any D3 chart.
var svg = d3.select('body') .append('svg') .attr('width', width) .attr('height', height);
This simple plugin is going to give us a very small script that still gives us a significant amount of D3 js power.
Project Setup
Mike Bostock gives a great introduction to D3 plugins in their Lets make a D3 Plugin article. Its highly recommended that you give that page a glance since it lays the foundation for the rest of this article.
Mike provides a zip file of a starting project but it has a few short comings that make it less than useful.
The changes are walked through below, or you can run over to the github repo if you are impatient.
Configure Rollup.js
The first change that should happen with the base zip file is getting rollup configured so that it can include files from npm. This requires using rollup-plugin-node-resolve and attaching it as a plugin to the build process.
Run npm i rollup-plugin-node-resolve --save to install the package.
to install the package. Create a rollup.config.js like the one d3-svg uses.
Add the -c rollup.config.js option to the rollup command in the package.json file.
Package.json script changes
The great thing about the base zip file is that so much of the build/test/publish process is just taken care of for you. That being said, I've modified the scripts slightly to better fit my workflow and use case. See the d3-svg package.json for details, but the additional functionality is:
npm run build to be able to trigger arbitrary builds of the project.
to be able to trigger arbitrary builds of the project. npm version will add commit a build of the project at that version.
Authoring the project
Github repo here.
As you can imagine implementing this is trivial:
export {d3_svg as create}; import * as d3_selection from 'd3-selection'; function d3_svg(elem, opts) { var body = d3_selection.select(elem); var svg = body.append('svg'); if (opts && opts.width) { svg.attr('width', opts.width); } if (opts && opts.height) { svg.attr('height', opts.height); } return svg; }
Exporting the right thing
Take note that the D3 build system provided by Mike is going to namespace everything against your package name and that your package cannot be a single function. The function above is going to be callable as d3_svg.create() . The build system is going to also create a property d3_svg.version that is pulled from the version key of your package.json.
Write a test
Yes, write a damn test. The base zip file already has all of the testing framework set up. Just write one simple test that checks the most basic bit of functionality for your module. See d3-svg's tests if you need some inspiration.
Getting this out of the way now makes it much easier to create tests in the future and allows you to ask pull requesters to write tests for bugs that they find. Tests keep your code healthy and working properly as modules get more complex and grow.
Publish and profit!
Now that everything is pulled together there is only one last thing to do.
npm version patch npm publish
There you go - a D3js plugin that is versioned and distributed through npm. Now, with relative ease, you can make masterpieces like this:
Official White House Flickr After failing to deliver a line by line economic plan, the Obama campaign stepped up to the plate this week and delivered a glossy memo with 27 points on how they would use a second term in office.
It's called The New Economic Patriotism: A Plan For Jobs & Middle-Class Security and millions of copies have been printed and shipped off to swing states.
The plan is broken up into seven different parts, focusing on topics that include manufacturing, energy, small businesses, education, taxes and the deficit, healthcare, and Medicare and Social Security. While a lot of crucial details are still missing, it's a start to understanding what another four years under Obama would look like.
For voters who can't get their hands on a copy, we've broken down the points here.
Easter Activities for Toddlers in London
Which toddler doesn't love Easter? It is such an alluring spring holiday, filled with egg hunts, rabbits galore, lots of things to do, delicious cheese and chocolate pies, and food varieties families can either make at home or buy at the local flea markets and street fairs. This year, we will celebrate Easter starting on April 14th. Toddlers are on spring break, meaning that they will have all the time in the world to attend the lively themed events and Easter competitions available across London.
Since it's London we're talking about, the weather conditions may add an extra layer of complexity when deciding what to do, or where to go on a British Easter holiday. It might rain, we have to admit. But you shouldn't let that ruin your holiday. There are lots of indoor Easter activities for toddlers you can try out. Let us have closer some of the best ones.
Moomin Adventures – Kew Gardens
Step into the puzzling world of the Moomins, and join the exciting events and family-friendly activities available at Kew Gardens this Easter. Kids are invited to scatter the gardens and hunt for the secrets treats, and then the Moomin Festival Camp awaits to present you some cool shows. Originally from Tove Jansson's storybooks, the Moomins at the Kew are nature-loving, adventurous creatures that toddlers will love.
Among other activities families can try out, we should mention: crafty workshops where everyone can sample delicious pancakes made by the Moomins and a visit to the Herbarium where kids can learn more about plant conservation and spring flowers. A top activity that will be available starting April 1st is the Moomin Easter trail. At the gate, you'll get a Moomin newspaper, and you have to follow it around the Kew Gardens. For the kids, it is the perfect way to have fun, and at the same time learn new things.
Easter Giant Duck Hunt – WWT London Wetland Centre
Spring is the best time of the year to explore London's WWT Wetland Centre. Around Easter, the plants and flowers will be in full bloom, giving families and kids a chance to enjoy their pungent fragrance and beautiful colour palettes. The centre has a very special event planned in April – the Easter Giant Duck Hunt. Some of their precious ducklings have disappeared, and they need your help to find them. Are you up for the challenge? The trail spans across the entire reserve, and it's up to the visitors to uncover them. Those who do will get a very nice chocolate prize curtsy of the Wetland Centre.
Lindt Gold Bunny Hunt – Hampton Court Palace
The Hampton Court Palace is a must-see this Easter. The beautiful palace has a very nice royal court where visitors can relax, admire the architecture, and watch their kids play. This year the palace has a very special event planned – the Lindt Gold Bunny Hunt. The location is all around the gardens and main home of Henry VIII, and your job will be to find the bunnies. All prizes are in delicious Lindt chocolate, prepared by the famous chocolatiers at Lindt.
Allow the kids to run wild and get lost in the Magic Garden, which is just like a maze filled with spectacular plants and flowers. On average, it takes 20 minutes to get to the middle. How long do you think it will take for your kids to find it?
Easter Adventure Quest – Kenwood House
Ready to become a challenge champion? Kenwood House is a stunning attraction of London, with world-class art collections that can be admired free of charge, any time of the year. This Easter, Kenwood House invites guests to embark on a memorable journey – the Easter Adventure Quest. As you explore Kenwood's premises you have to find clues, solve mysteries, and then get your rewards. Characters from the past will cross paths with you; it may be a Butler, Roman centurion or king. They'll help you out, and at the end, you get delicious chocolate treats. Kids will want to be involved, so why not take them to test their puzzle-solving skills at London's finest hidden gems?
Jurassic Kingdom – Osterley Park
Kids are fascinated by giant dinosaurs they've only seen in museums or heard about from movies. Of course, they'll love a trip to Osterley Park, where they'll have the chance to get close to the 16-foot tall Diplodocus and admire the imposing flying Pterosaurs. This Easter, the park has an animatronic exhibition made of 30 life-size models; all of them will “come to life”, offering your kids a show to remember for years to come.
The outdoor dinosaur trail costs £11.50 for kids, and £13.50 for adults and the experience will exceed all their expectations. Who know, maybe in time they'll grow an even bigger interest in prehistory! Who wouldn't want their child to grow up a famous archaeologist or scientist? The exhibition begins on April 1st and ends on April 17th.
Bunny Hope & Seek Trail – Museum of Brands
From April 1st to April 16th, Museum of Brands invites guests to participate in the Bunny Hope & Seek Trail. Kids will meet famous bunnies that had an impact in the world of marketing, such as the Nesquik bunny and the Duracell Bunny, among others. The Time Tunnel is a must; it hides some of the coolest, and fluffiest creatures – toddlers will instantly fall in love with them. The more animals they can find, the more chocolate prizes they get. Kids under 7 have free entrance!
Around the Easter holiday, London comes to life. The weather is warmer, the natural surroundings are blooming, and the people are ready to come out of hibernation. The city packs amazing Easter activities for toddlers and plenty of things to do for grownups. From fabulous bunny hunts and outdoor Easter-inspired events, all the way to live concerts, exhibitions, and festivals where you'll have a tonne of fun with your loved ones. Spend Easter in style this year, and enjoy the activities to the max!
The man who nearly became acting governor of South Carolina last year when their boss absconded to South America to visit their lover is now taking heat for comparing poor people to “stray animals.”
South Carolina Lt.-Gov. Andre Bauer, a candidate for governor, made the comment during a town hall meeting on Friday. During a discussion of subsidized school lunches, Bauer argued that children should be denied reduced prices for school lunches if their parents fail a drug test or don't show up for parent-teacher meetings.
“My grandmother was not a highly educated woman, but they told me as a small child to quit feeding stray animals. You know why? Because they breed,” Bauer said, as quoted at the South Carolina State. “You're facilitating the problem if you give an animal or a person ample food supply. They will reproduce, especially ones that don't think too much further than that. And so what you've got to do is you've got to curtail that type of behavior. They don't know any better.”
That drew immediate condemnation from the head of South Carolina's Democratic Party.
“Andre Bauer's crude utterances once again reveal their immaturity and poor judgment,” said Carol Fowler, according to WIS-TV in Columbia. “Bauer is a bachelor who has never once had to worry about feeding a child of their own. Their notion of punishing children by not feeding them because their parents missed a PTA meeting flies in the face of basic South Carolina values.”
Bauer told CNN Monday that they regretted using the stray animals metaphor.
“I wish I had used a different metaphor,” Bauer said. “I never intended to tie people to animals.”
But then the lieutenant-governor made another animal comparison. “If you have a cat, if you take it in your house and feed it and love it, what happens when you go out of town?” they asked, adding that they are “not against animals.”
Bauer has repeatedly returned to the animal metaphor in their defense of Friday's remarks. At a gubernatorial forum on Saturday, they denied they were making the link at all.
“There's no way that I was trying to tie animals to people,” they said. “What I was trying to talk about is the dependency culture, and just like when you feed an animal, you create a dependency.”
Bauer came within a whisker of becoming governor of South Carolina last year when Gov. Mark Sanford disappeared for a week without explanation. Rumors of their hiking in the Appalachian Trail turned out not to be true; the governor had been in Argentina meeting with their mistress.
Sanford was nearly impeached last year over the scandal, as well as over questionable use of state aircraft. The committee investigating impeachment proceedings voted against impeachment, but voted in favor of censuring the governor. In December, Sanford's wife filed for divorce.
In an opinion piece at the Spartanburg Spark, Christopher George disputed Bauer's assertion that social-assistance programs create poverty by creating dependence.
[I]f it really is true that government assistance causes poverty, then why is it that the countries with the largest, most expansive social safety nets also have the lowest poverty rates? If food stamps, unemployment insurance, and free school lunches increased poverty, as you and your conservative friends claim, then how do you explain the fact that countries like Germany, France, Canada and The Netherlands—all of which have welfare systems far more advanced than ours—have lower poverty rates?
Some South Carolina officials, including State Superintendent Jim Rex, are calling for Bauer to apologize.
“If their intent was to blame children, who are not responsible for their own predicaments … it is regrettable,” Rex told WIS-TV.
The following audio was recorded at a town hall meeting in Fountain Inn, South Carolina, on Friday, January 22, 2009, and uploaded to YouTube by user ScarceNews.
Where's Your Money Going?
“Cancer Research UK raises £1 Million in 24 Hours, Thanks To No Makeup Selfies”
Cancer Research UK has had a massive boost in donations over the past few days thanks to their “No Make-Up Selfies” trending over Facebook, but how many of the people who have taken part in this trend actually realize
where their precious donations are being spent?
Each year, millions of animals are tested on for human diseases and their cures, and where is it getting us? We are no closer to finding the cure for cancer than we are years ago. Rats, Mice, Cats, Dogs, Primates, Fish, Birds and large mammals such as Cows, Sheep and Pigs are used in medical research each year. In 2010 alone 3,724,726 scientific procedures involving animals took place in the UK. Many charities do and will continue to spend your donations on cruel and useless animal tests and experiments.
For the animals used in tests and experiments life is nothing but grim, they spend their whole life locked away in small barren cages, never seeing the light of day. Rodents are locked away in small cages piled up on top of each other as if they are tools. Animals just like us humans have wants and desire and I doubt any animal desires a life of torture and abuse.
As millions of animals thrive to be free, they can't fight their way out of the laboratories that hold them captive, unfortunately all they can do is sit in small confined spaces and wait… Wait in fear of the next terrifying and painful procedure that will be cruelly preformed on them. Many of the animals develop neurotic behaviours due to all the stress and boredom they suffer from. Some of these behaviours include repeatedly spinning around in circles, rocking back and forth and even pulling their own hair out or biting their skin.
Cancer Research UK
From 2009/2010 Cancer Research UK had a annual income of £515 Million and their expenditure on animal experiments and testing totalled £308 Million but why is this, Cancer Research UK are one of the biggest charities fighting for a cure for cancer, however they are depending on the use of animals. Animals and humans react differently to both drugs and illness, many of the animals used to test for cures reject the cancer tumours in the first place. A fact that the charity themselves know. In 2003 a study compared the value of 3 cancer models, mouse xenografts of human cells, mouse cell tumours grafted into mice, and human in vitro cell lines and the study found that the human cells were of equivalent usefulness to mouse xenografts. So why are we still testing on animals when there are alternatives?
Reliable?
“Nine out of ten drugs that appear promising in animal studies go on to fail in human clinical trials”
Due to the difference between animals and ourselves many of the drugs and cures discovered by animal testing work great on the animal it is tested on, however once transferred to humans 1 out of 10 actually work. Previously many drugs that have been released into the market for humans that were tested on animals have had to be pulled back due to unforeseen side effects. Below is a list of disasters in human life due to animal testing and the lack of results.
Smoking was though non-carcinogenic because smoking related cancer is difficult to reproduce in lab animals. Many continued to smoke and die from Cancer.
Animal experiments on Rats, Hamsters, Guinea Pigs, Mice, Monkeys and Baboons revealed no link between glass fibres and cancer. Not until 1991, due to human studies, did OSHA label it carcinogenic
.
Many continued to be exposed to asbestos and die because scientists could not reproduce the Cancer in lab animals.
Mitoxantrone, a treatment for cancer produced heart failure in humans. It was extensively tested on dogs, which did not manifest this effect.
The above are just examples of how animal testing has failed, and due to this caused possibly millions of deaths amongst humans as well as useless death to millions of animals. Cancer therapies based on animal testing have an astonishing fail rate of 95% in phase III clinical trials.
In an email to Animal Aid, Cancer Research UK used 3 examples of how animal testing has helped fight against cancer. The Breast Cancer drug Tamoxifen drugs that effect the blood supply to tumours (including the novel drug Combreastatin) and work on the P53 gene pathway. However due to 95% of cancer drugs failing in humans Animal Aid discovered that the drugs which cut off blood supply to tumours have not been a clinical success and that the development of Tamoxifen was complicated by misleading data from animal experiments. Furthermore the P53 Gene Pathway research has only led to one drug being introduced in China, which effects are also highly contested.
Who To Donate To?
I am not saying that donating your precious hard earned money to charities in order to help advance human cures for terrible diseases that kill and effect millions each year, but what I do believe in is donating to charities who do not spend millions of pounds each year. There are various charities out there that are fighting the battle against Cancer without destroying millions of animals' lives each year. These charities include:
Action Cancer
The Big C
Force Cancer Charity
The Heaven
Macmillan Cancer Support
Marie Curie Cancer Care
New Approaches To Cancer
Together Against Cancer
I understand that many of us go through life and we will be effected by Cancer, I myself lost my granddad to cancer and I am thankful to all of the organisations that offered help to them and the family whilst going through tough times. I believe that one day we will beat cancer, but it doesn't need to be tested on Animals when there are many safer and more reliable alternatives.
Update 2:49 a.m.
Linda Kessler / Staff Writer
The student who was arrested Wednesday at a demonstration in Library Mall has been released.
UNT police officers apprehended integrative studies senior Jason Marchetti Wednesday afternoon following a confrontation with other students at a Gov. Greg Abbott protest. Marchetti voluntarily went into custody.
Though Marchetti has declined to make an official comment at this time, they issued an apology on their Facebook page Thursday afternoon. “To all my friends and family and anyone I have offended with my actions, I am truly sorry. I have committed actions that will follow [me] for the rest of my life.”
Marchetti is a 30-year-old Army veteran who used to work as an aviation specialist and mechanic before they were medically discharged, according to their Facebook page.
UNT spokesperson Margarita Venegas said police warned Marchetti they were getting too close to the Abbott Free Protestors and they felt their behavior was a potential threat.
Police asked Marchetti to stop and walk away, which they did. But afterward they came back and continued to exhibit threatening behaviors and the police decided to arrest them to ensure the safety of the students in the area.
Tensions escalated during the protests when Marchetti and the students got into a heated argument.
Marchetti felt that being asked to leave was infringing on their first amendment rights. Marchetti requested Thursday the North Texas Daily retract a video posted with the original story.
“I fought for this country,” they told the protestors. “I fought for your right to be here.”
Dean of Students Maureen McGuinness said free speech is a constitutional right and, as a state institution, it's something that UNT does its best uphold.
“I think it's important to understand that, whether it's the group that was out there yesterday, protesting for graduation, or our preachers on Wednesdays, every student, faculty and staff member does have the right to free speech on campus within the boundaries of our policies,” McGuinness said.
McGuinness declined to comment on the arrest, as any conduct issues are protected by the Stanley Educational Right to Privacy Act.
“Our free speech policy as well as everybody's constitutional rights allow for the freedom of expression of ideas,” McGuinness said. “No matter what issue our students are dealing with or want to speak out in regards to, supporting or not, it's within their constitutional rights to do so.”
Original post
Student Arrested After Argument at Abbott Protest
A student was arrested in the Library Mall Wednesday after a group of students came together for a peaceful protest against Gov. Greg Abbott speaking at commencement.
UNT police arrested integrative studies senior Jason Marchetti on charges of disorderly conduct and abusing/threatening a person in a public place, according to the Denton Police Department City Jail Custody Report. Marchetti was released Wednesday afternoon shortly after their arrest.
Integrative studies senior Christy Medrano said they were leading the protest when Marchetti approached them Marchetti was in Library Mall all afternoon as the group protested and asked for petition signatures.
“He was harassing us with racial epithets,” Medrano said. “He said they were a white man in their own country and they called us illegals who need to go back to our country.”
Video has explicit language. Courtesy of Christian Boschult
Medrano said Marchetti threw a Nazi salute at the protestors and began their verbal argument of racial and sexist slurs towards the protesting students.
At this point, UNT police asked Marchetti to leave. They left, but before they were even to the STUB they turned back around and began their confrontation once more, Medrano said.
Jason Marchetti
Marchetti approached protestor and anthropology senior Mario Ovalle and began to shout in their face before aggressively throwing down their backpack, according to witnesses.
“He was yelling about being a disrespected veteran and how their free speech was being taken away,” Medrano explained.
The police watching the confrontation stepped in once more and told Marchetti if they did not refrain, they would be arrested.
In response, Marchetti laid stomach-down on the ground with their hands behind their back. The officers then detained and arrested the student. The police made no comment on the arrest.
The North Texas Daily is following the story. Updates will be posted as they are made available.
Featured Image: Integrated studies senior Jason Marchetti is arrested during a protest at the Library Mall on Wednesday afternoon. Marchetti was expressing their position against those who were protesting Gov. Greg Abbott for commencement speaker. Photo by Byron Thompson – Senior Staff Photographer
While this particular entry in Sony's Ratchet and Clank series has gotten some negative press from both long-time fans, and those who only played and enjoyed the prior 2 PS3 entries, it turns out it's not a bad game at all. In fact, its old-school feel is rather endearing. That being said, it helps to adjust your expectations before going in.
Unlike the first 3 Ratchet and Clank PS2 games, or the "Tools of Destruction" and "Crack in Time" entries for the PS3, this game is much more linear in design, and is broken into discrete levels with a set path. In addition, the vast majority of this game takes place on the same planet, with 2 additional locations at the beginning and somewhere after the middle of the game, as opposed to multiple planets across a galaxy. The camera is fixed, and set fairly far away from the characters, although this is for a reason: the game is a cooperative game. Even if you are playing this alone, there will be a computer-guided second player character. And while there are multiple weapons, they are fewer in number than prior installments. The game also sees a return to strictly autoaiming, as opposed to the Gears of War-inspired "over the shoulder" aiming option in the prior PS3 games.
The good news is that, despite all these changes, the game is actually pretty fun, in an old-fashioned, almost 16-bit era way. Despite there being only 3 planets in the game, there's a pretty good variety of environments across the game, and the emphasis on vivid color that the series is known for overall is on display here. Most importantly, the game is well paced in terms of action. While not a particularly long game, it seems like the time spent counts. To be honest, I felt "A Crack in Time" was a bit of a letdown, as it felt like the content was stretched too thin in favor of trying to provide "oh, wow, look at that!" moments, a la Call of Duty. Here, there are still some of those moments (at the risk of spoiling things, you get to take control of a titanic robot at one point), but the time in-between them is good, meat and potatoes gameplay, as opposed to feeling like an obligatory after-thought. You might be zipping along on a jetpack in a 2D section in huge caverns, navigating among asteroids to get to a moon, sliding down a frozen arctic slope, guiding a raft, or jumping among crumbling platforms on floating islands. The gunplay may feel simplified, but there's plenty of it. In some ways, it's a bit reminiscent of the first Ratchet and Clank game, with its to-the-point charm.
That's not to say this game doesn't have flaws. The ammo system in this game isn't quite up to snuff, and the auto-aiming can sometime give the player a lot of grief. Plus, the focus on co-op sort of forces the game to behave a certain way, and accomodate the need to keep all characters (there can be up to 4 players at one time) on screen. And of course, the simplified focus means that this game, while definitely replayable, is simply not as deep as many of us would have wanted it to be. That being said, this is a much better "side-story" entry than the PS2's "Ratchet: Deadlocked", which veered way too far afield from the franchise's core appeal. If you can accept it for what it does, as opposed to what it doesn't do, All-4-One is actually a pretty good, if not particularly deep, action game.
Tap to enlarge, tap again to close
In 1914 John G. Bartholomew, the scion of an Edinburgh mapmaking family and cartographer royal to King George V, published “An Atlas of Economic Geography”. It was a book intended for schoolboys and contained everything a thrusting young entrepreneur, imperialist, trader or traveller could need. As well as the predictable charts of rainfall, temperature and topography, it had maps showing where you could find rubber, cotton or rice; maps showing the distribution of commercial languages, so that if you wanted to do business in Indonesia you knew to do so in Dutch; and maps showing the spread of climatic diseases, so that if you did find yourself in Indonesia you knew to look out for tropical dysentery. It also contained the map you see here, which told you how long it would take to get there from London: between 20 and 30 days.
This is an isochronic map – isochrones being lines joining points accessible in the same amount of time – and it tells a story about how travel was changing. You can get anywhere in the dark-pink section in the middle within five days – to the Azores in the west and the Russian city of Perm in the east. No surprises there: you're just not going very far. Beyond that, things get a little more interesting. Within five to ten days, you can get as far as Winnipeg or the Blue Pearl of Siberia, Lake Baikal. It takes as much as 20 days to get to Tashkent, which is closer than either, or Honolulu, which is much farther away. In some places, a colour sweeps across a landmass, as pink sweeps across the eastern United States or orange across India. In others, you reach a barrier of blue not far inland, as in Africa and South America. What explains the difference? Railways.
In the early 1840s an American dry-goods merchant called Asa Whitney, who lived near New York, travelled to China on business. It took 153 days, which they thought a waste of time. When they got back they began lobbying for a transcontinental railroad connecting Lake Michigan with Oregon, which had a trade deal with China. The railroad, they thought, would cut the journey time to China to about 30 days and open up the market. Similarly, the British invested so heavily in the Indian railway that between 1860 and 1880 it extended from 838 miles to 15,842 miles. If you compare this isochronic map to one from the 1870s, by Francis Galton, you see the difference. Bombay is quickly accessible by sea; the rest of India less so. Likewise, there is no spit of pink reaching across the Russian Empire on Galton's map, because there was no Trans-Siberian Railway. As the geographer L.W. Lyde says in their introduction to Bartholomew's atlas, “isochronic distances...change with every additional mile of railway brought into use.” What was the one thing a young entrepreneur needed most? A train tickets. ~ simon Willis
Most observers looking for paths of development for Armenia point to the success of the tech industry, in particular software development. It's a good story: 20+% annual growth, salaries much higher than the national average, an independent, well-educated workforce, and significant participation by well-known foreign companies. In the space of just over 15 years, the industry grew more than 15-fold in the number of firms, 10-fold in number of employees, and total industry revenue now represents 5 percent of GDP, and 11 percent of exports for Armenia.
As we dig further, though, we see that the story is more complicated. First, 30 percent of industry revenue comes from the Telecom/Internet Service Provider (ISP) sector, primarily due to the significant investment in developing a world-class mobile telephone and Internet network. While the vast improvement in Internet availability, reliability, speed and affordability has been a major driver for the rest of the industry, this is an indirect effect, rather than contributing directly to the competitiveness of the IT sector on the global market. Next, demand for talent far outpaces the current educational system's ability to produce qualified graduates – this has led to increased poaching and a general increase in salaries, which reduces competitiveness for pure outsourcing/offshoring businesses. Lastly, most firms have structured their operations on a cost-plus basis, meaning that the real market value of software and services is realized abroad, and is not reflected in the size of the industry.
Still, many observers believe that current trends in the global IT market are creating new opportunities for growth and relevance for Armenian tech companies. If the industry at large – as well as government and educational institutions – react quickly and earnestly to these trends, Armenia has an opportunity to capture an inordinate share of the new value being created as a result of these trends.
Now is the time: The Blues must wipe out any doubts heading into Origin I on Wednesday night. Credit:Getty Images The game plans, the trick shots, the structures, the tactics, the philosophies and the rehearsed plays – they will mean little to the overall result of this match. Most of that goes out the window pretty quickly in these Origin games. You will soon realise it's a game of attrition, aggression, self-belief and, at times, even survival. This game will take you to fatigue levels never before experienced. It will take you to dark places in your own mind. The ability to control your own thoughts and to inspire the thoughts of those around you with your efforts is crucial. It's about you. It's not about them. It's about a commitment to defence. It's about the courage to stand your ground and the strength to deny your opponent easy passage. It's the commitment to cover for your teammate, not just when you think it might be needed, but every time. You need to be there, just in case, every time. You might be there a thousand times and no one will notice you because you weren't needed. But if you are not there on the one occasion you were needed, it will haunt you forever.
These games are won by tries saved rather than tries scored. Saving a try is better than scoring one. It's about constantly putting yourself into the game. The number on your back is not a position to play on the field. It is an invitation to play anywhere on the field at any time. There is a lot to be said for a dummy and run. Don't dump pressure onto a teammate by passing the problem onto him. Take the hit yourself. A good quick play-the-ball is always better than a wayward or rushed pass. Dig into them. Don't accept a tackle. Never surrender. It will take extra effort to run with a teammate in support, to chase a kick all the way to the dead ball line and beyond, or to never give up on a run. These extra efforts, or second efforts, will be rewarded. It's the willingness to get up when you are hurt, to scramble when you are tired, to take the tough run when your team needs it, to chase again even when you think you have no more in you – these are the things that will make a difference to the result.
The team that talks the longest wins. If a team goes quiet, it's the same as hoisting a white flag. Play your part. Encourage with your words. Respond when teammates talk to you. Lead them with your actions. You can't do it all yourself. You will need your teammates and they will need you. You have to be there for them. Be the man everyone else wants to be. I know this all sounds so simple. But the test of time has proven to us that these things, all of which have absolutely nothing to do with talent and absolutely everything to do with courage, will have more influence on the end result than which team might have the best players or the cleverest plays. Your chance of success in this match could well come down to answering one simple question. On one given night, in one 80-minute performance, can you give more of yourself in these things so can you have more influence on the result of this match than your opposite number?
You don't have to be better than them for three days solid. You don't have to be a better player than them for the rest of your career. You just have to be better than them on this one special night. Its 40 minutes of effort. Have a rest. Go for 40 minutes again. You have trained for this all your life. Everything you have ever done in your career to date has simply prepared you for this moment. So, on this one night, can you do it? I remember the preparations for game one in 2002. The newspapers and the critics had labelled our selected team as the worst NSW team in State of Origin history. They predicted disaster for our side. We had a game plan. We had tactics and plays. But we needed much more than just football. We needed attitude. We needed belief.
In a team meeting I pointed to each player and asked who was going to have more influence on this match: them or the player they opposed? I went around the room one by one. I didn't wait for an answer from any player, I just moved on to the next player in the team. It was to provoke thought. To have them thinking about the challenge. The last player I came to was our fullback, Brett Hodgson. Brett was on Origin debut. Their opposite number was Darren Lockyer, one of the greatest Origin players of all time and easily the best and most influential player in the Queensland side. I stared straight at Brett and asked the question: ‘‘Who will have more influence on this result – Brett Hodgson or Darren Lockyer?'' At that instant, all eyes turned to look at Brett. It was an intense moment. In that split second I suddenly realised their response to this question might well make or break us. Brett looked me in the eye and said: “Me.” The experts were confidently predicting this match could well be the darkest day in NSW Origin history. I told them I believed this would be NSW's finest hour.
We won the game 32-4. Brett Hodgson was man of the match. They made good on their promise. So, lads. It's a simple question. On this one special night, who is going to have more influence on the result of the match? You or your opponent? Tony Williams or Josh Papalii? Ben T'eo or Anthony Watmough? Trent Merrin or Aidan Guerra?
Luke Lewis or Daly Cherry-Evans? James Tamou or Nate Myles? Robbie Farah or Cameron Smith? Aaron Woods or Matt Scott? Ryan Hoffman or Matt Gillett?
Beau Scott or Chris McQueen? Paul Gallen or Corey Parker? Trent Hodgkinson or Cooper Cronk? Josh Reynolds or Johnathan Thurston? Daniel Tupou or Brent Tate?
Michael Jennings or Justin Hodges? Josh Morris or Greg Inglis? Brett Morris or Darius Boyd? Who will have more influence on the result of this game – Jarryd Hayne or Billy Slater? You see, as readers scroll down this list and evaluate the head-to-head battles, they have already formed an opinion. It's probably fair to assume that the vast majority of experts, commentators and fans would lean towards selecting your opponent rather than you as the man most likely to have more influence over the result of this match.
But here's the thing. It doesn't matter what other people think. It only matters what you believe. Go the Blues!
MBTA doesn't have auto braking technology The New Jersey train crash is putting pressure on the MBTA and other railroads across the country to speed up installation of technology designed to prevent a disaster. Share Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT MISSED ONE DEADLINE TO GET IT INSTALLED. ANOTHER DEADLINE IS QUICKLY APPROACHING. >> >> IT REMINDS US THAT NOTHING WE DO IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN KEEPING PEOPLE SAFE. >> A RECENT REPORT SHOWS THE TEA IS FOUR YEARS AWAY FROM HAVING A SAFETY SYSTEM THE GOVERNMENT ORDERED IN PLACE BY LAST YEAR. >> IT IS NOT A SIMPLE ADD-ON DEVISE. IT IS COMPLICATED TECHNOLOGY. >> IT USES ONBOARD COMPUTERS, EVEN SATELLITES TO DETERMINE WHERE EACH TRAIN IS AND HOW FAST IT IS GOING, WHETHER THERE IS DANGER AHEAD. >> THE COMPUTER WILL APPLY THE BRAKES. >> IT IS INSTALLED TECHNOLOGY ON 80 SOME PERCENT OF LOCAL -- LOCOMOTIVES. IT HAS PREPARED 11% OF ITS TRACKS. THEY ESTIMATE IT WILL COST TO FINISH THE JOB AND TAKE UNTIL THE END OF 2020. >> ARE YOU SATISFIED? >> I THINK AN EVENT LIKE THIS FOCUSES EVERYBODY TO SAME CAN WE DO BETTER? >> THE GOVERNMENT HAS SAID A NEW DEADLINE O 2018. IT DOES NOT EXPECT TO MEET THAT DEADLINE BUT THEY WANT TO HAVE
The victory at the Eurovision contest of “bearded woman” Conchita Wurst has evoked stormy popular reaction ranging from ecstasy to utter disgust. The different sides are energetically discussing the event, and each other's reaction to it.
Donna Rosa de Alvadorez watching Eurovision
Deputy of the “One Russia” party Olga Batalina expressed their extreme anxiety over the intensification of gay propaganda. Philip Kirokorov [a pop star in Russia and former participant in Eurovision] called all to respect the winner.
The Latvian nationalist Raivis Dzintars saw “Putin's hand” in this: “One could argue that Conchita Wurst is a PR invention of Putin. It's impossible to imagine a better gift to Putin in the information war.”
“This is yet another link in the chain of cultural legitimization of vice in the modern world, an attempt to establish new cultural norms in society. The process of legalization of what the Bible calls nothing other than an abomination has long ago ceased to be news in the modern world. Unfortunately, tendencies in the fields of both legislature and culture are moving along parallel lines, and the results of this contest testifies to that,” comments the head of the Synodal information department for the Russian Orthodox Church, Vladimir Legoida.
“At first glance it's hard to understand why there was such an uproar. There are men dressed as women every weekend on television, and at all the gala concerts you'll see Verka Serduchka [female stage persona of Andrei Danilko, a stand-up comedian from Poltava, Ukraine]. You've never seen a woman with a beard? By the way, the phenomenon of the bearded woman is something widely known in world culture and Russian culture,” the popular publicist Valery Paniushkin expresses their perplexity and cites more examples of popular bearded woman from the last century. Even Yury Denisov on Lenta.ru [a well known Russian news site] insists that bearded women are traditional.
Well, maybe that's true—what's our problem? Why the ruckus? What makes us react so strongly to what would appear to be just another cheap vaudeville show? Let's think about this.
First of all, let's get rid of the false targets presented to us by the liberal press—“bearded women” past and present, by which they try to confuse us, not giving us a correct assessment of what has happened.
The root difference between the bearded women of medieval times and Conchita Wurst consists in the fact that, first of all, Conchita Wurst is not a woman. He's a man. Secondly, the bearded women of the past were looked on as freaks, while Conchita Wurst is now considered by modern Europe as a pinnacle of their civilization.
When Kalyagin [a famous Soviet film actor] sings “Love and Poverty” in the role of Donna Rosa de Alvadorez, or when Dustin Hoffman plays “Toostsie” it is in the first place funny, and in the second place intended to explain to the audience the essence of love and camaraderie, and show the relationship between wealth and poverty.
When it comes to Conchita, there is nothing funny about it. To the contrary, it is all beastly serious.
At the announcement of the contest results, the “female artist” wept and gave a speech:
“This evening is dedicated to all who believe in the future of peace and freedom. You know who you are: we are one, and we cannot be stopped. This is a celebration for all. It is for all those who believe in a future where there will be peace, love, tolerance, and where people will be accepted for what they are.”
Later the “female artist” addressed the President of Russia:
“I don't know if they are watching… But if they are, it seems I have already said it clearly: we cannot be stopped!”
It sends chills up your spine. Who “cannot be stopped”? What are they—legion?
The medieval bearded women midgets who worked as jesters and circus actors, and Kalyagin and Hoffman dressed as ladies, made no such claims. They did not make them, for obvious reasons: the former were in no position to do so, and the latter were not dressing up as women for that reason.
Let's take Conchita at their word and accept it as a given that they are talking precisely about freedom and about the fact that the followers of this freedom cannot be stopped.
I think that the Christian world's morbid reaction to Conchita Wurst's triumph shows just this difference between the understandings of such concepts as freedom for Christians, and freedom for those whose hero, if not to say, “icon”, is Wurst.
Furthermore, I suspect that this very conflict is right now the greatest conflict of humankind; and the resolution of this conflict, to put it more exactly, will determine the world's future.
Our problem is that our opponents are trying very hard to keep the essence of this conflict under wraps, and we ourselves for some reason—perhaps by force of prejudices in which Christians also abound—do not bring the essence of the conflict out for society to judge. Or perhaps we are hiding this essence from ourselves—something even worse and more dangerous.
As I see it, in one way or another the time has come to call a spade a spade, to give people real knowledge about the world they live in, and about its global conflicts. Only in this way can we receive their support and a real, conscious and free choice in our favor.
Thus, we are talking about an ancient conflict between two concepts of freedom, which in turn comes from differing understandings of man's essence—an understanding based upon an even more fundamental difference: the difference in understandings of the role of God, material, and spirit.
It would seem to be a long stretch from this to a feminine looking man winning a music contest, but in fact the road between them is very short.
The Christian worldview is based upon the premise that man was created by God, and in Their image. And God is the Father, Creator, Love, Truth, and Life. God is all-good, omnipotent and omniscient, and the world They created—to cite the words of the Creator Himself—is “very good”.
The Christian worldview presupposes the presence of God's Providence for the entire world and humankind as a whole, as well as for each person individually. Everyone in life has their or their own significance and aim. Even more: as the classic says, “You know, there is always room for struggle and labor.” Someones' struggles and labors are “just like everyone else's”, while others' may be more unique, but the result should be what Orthodox Christians call the “deification” of man—that is, theirs drawing ever nearer to the state of perfection in which God abides.
Be ye therefore perfect, as your Father in Heaven in perfect (Mt. 5:48).
To draw ever nearer to the One Who is Love and Truth.
Furthermore, the world created by God, the laws of life They established, and we ourselves are Their images—all this is cause for struggle and labor. By this I mean the activity that results in profound change in a person, in their beneficial spiritual growth. A very simple example of this is the change from boyhood to manhood—a change that is achieved through love for a woman and the bearing of all those burdens and limitations that come with it.
Our freedom has meaning—the achievement and embodiment on our life path of God's Providence for us, turning us from something that “drags out an existence” into something that is truly alive, the being that God intended us to be.
A Christian's highest achievement is the ability to unite themselves entirely to God: Not my will, but thine, be done (Lk. 22:42). Freedom is not an end in itself, but the necessary condition or instrument needed for self-development, for learning to love people, life, and peace, for establishing ever newer connections with people, strengthening old ties, and for the sake of their preservation, doing what was considered impossible. This transforms us and brings us closer to God.
Love for a woman is a unique gift that awakens in us this ability to love, struggle and labor, and be transformed:
But we can't stop these mad ones.
They are ready to pay any price,
They would risk their lives,
To keep that magical, invisible thread
From tearing; to save the thread
That they've threaded between them.
Vladimir Vysotsky. Ballad of Love
In the world that gave us Conchita Wurst, it's all different. There is a different idea of man and their freedom.
From the very moment that “contestant Wurst” appeared on Eurovision it was clear that “she” would definitely be the winner. There was in fact no intrigue—something quite clearly reflected in the bets of the bookies. It was practically a foregone conclusion.
Why?
Because Wurst was able to create for themselves the nearly ideal symbol of a concept of human freedom that fits within the framework of the new morality currently being offered to humanity.
The image created by Wurst is a ritual, public derision of woman and man. It is not even the desire of a man to become a woman—if that were the case, there would be no need for a beard. It is precisely a derision of the normal concept of feminine esthetics, of the traditional understanding of feminine beauty. This spectacle was consciously preprogrammed to evoke repugnance in people who have no deviations developing in them.
In this way, two tasks are solved.
1. It becomes morally untenable for people with a normal [sexual] orientation to exist in a society where esthetics of the unacceptable, repulsive image created by Wurst are being propagated, and so they are forced by pervasive pressure to change their convictions. It is like the experiment with the black and white pyramid.
The author is citing an experiment conducted on schoolchildren and young adults. Two pyramids are placed on a table, one black, and one white. The group is coached to say that both pyramids are white. When a student who knows nothing about those instructions is brought in and asked the same question, but only after all the others had answered that both pyramids were white, the new student would in most cases likewise answer, “They are both white.” The experimenter would then ask that student to take the black one in their hands, and seeing it unhesitatingly taken, would ask why the student had said that both the pyramids were white when they clearly recognized one as black. These students could not adequately answer that question.
The conclusion drawn from this experiment is that people place conformity to the group higher than the truth, and are willing to sacrifice their own reason and conviction only to be “like everyone else”.
2. It is a demonstration of their own belief, a public confession of it. This belief consists in the denial of the presence in oneself of any external meaning, of one's likeness to God. In this values system, God is either absent from man or at enmity with him. And the material world, including one's own body, becomes not a gift of existence, a gift of life, but a possession or a prison, contemptible flesh. One's own life becomes not an ascent, but a brief spark of consciousness between the eternities of non-existence or torment. Any of these variations leads to the growth of a cult of death and its accompanying culture of violating one's own body—from harmless tattoos and piercings to the most defacing, radical forms.
Conchita Wurst's performance is also a ritual of violation against one's own body. It is a ritual rejection of God's gifts—the gift of meaning, the gift of life. It is the manifesto of militant inadequacy.
With a little stretch it could be said that this ideology enjoys the constant and systematic support of the Western establishment. What is the reason for such beneficence towards it?
Capitalism and the thirst for material gain have met a roadblock on their path preventing them from spreading out any further. The earth's sphere has reached it end. Capitalism has bitten onto its own tail like a snake and is swallowing itself right before our eyes. Globalization is destroying the neocolonial system, and the world order it created along with it. Nevertheless, it still has a way to preserve itself as the dominant system on the planet, and it would follow, to preserve its upper crust, the financial elite. To do this, capitalism must expand its markets and sphere of services not through technological progress or geographical warfare, but by penetrating into those spheres of human life that had never before been markets or merchandise—into the human body, family, love, children, personal development, and consciousness.
But for this, man has to completely give up Christianity and start viewing themselves and their neighbor not as the image and likeness of God, the inimitable source of creativity, love, and constructive endeavor, but as merchandise, an object for consumption, and a consumer. It is a complete and boundless freedom from ties, God, love, destiny, and conscience—a world in which the words of St. Theophan the Recluse, “Faith will weaken, love will dry up, and the world will become constricting”, will be an everyday reality.
In other words, their idea of ideal freedom in the world entirely corresponds to our picture of the reign of antichrist. And they in all honestly warn us about this by their advertisement of the world they have created, and its new ideology.
Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) signs the county's $15 minimum-wage bill surrounded by members of the County Council and activists in Rockville, Md. (Rachel Siegel/TWP)
Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) signed legislation Monday that requires a $15-an-hour minimum wage starting in 2021 for businesses with at least 51 employees, and giving smaller businesses a bit more time to implement that wage.
The wealthy county is the first jurisdiction in Maryland, and the second in the region behind the District, to adopt a $15 minimum, which has become a central focus of the progressive movement in recent years. Leaders of the business community oppose the law and say it will put Maryland's largest jurisdiction at a disadvantage compared to its suburban neighbors.
Advocates are vowing to use the legislation's passage to renew their push for a statewide $15 minimum, noting that Montgomery is the only suburban U.S. jurisdiction to mandate the wage in a state that has not enacted a similar law statewide.
"In most debates there are gives and takes," Leggett said Monday at the signing, acknowledging more than a year of back and forth with the council over the timeline for implementing the $15 wage and the definition of small and large businesses. "Montgomery County has done what is right, what is appropriate, and what is reasonable under the circumstances and conditions."
Leggett, who is finishing the third year of their third and final term in office, said the debate over the bill was one "we should take a great deal of pride in."
The implementation and economic impacts of a higher wage, however, will fall to Leggett's successor.
The crowd celebrates as Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) signs the county's $15 minimum-wage bill into law in Rockville, Md. (Rachel Siegel/TWP)
Among the Democrats running for their seat, Marc Elrich (D-At Large) was the bill's lead sponsor. George Leventhal (D-At Large) was a co-sponsor, and Roger Berliner (D-Potomac-Bethesda) voted in favor of the final bill. State Del. C. William Frick (D-Montgomery) has said raising the minimum wage should be dealt with at the state level.
Two other Democrats running for county executive, David Blair and Rose Krasnow, could not be reached for comment on Monday. Robin Ficker, the only Republican in the race so far, answered questions about the minimum wage by slamming recent tax hikes in the county, and said an increase to $15 an hour may not be enough to offset the tax bite being taken out of people's paychecks.
In January, Leggett vetoed legislation that would have raised the minimum wage to $15 along a more condensed timeline, saying they were concerned about overburdening businesses and triggering employee layoffs. They then commissioned a study to quantify the impact of a $15 minimum wage, but that study was widely discredited for overestimating the number of local jobs that would be lost.
In September, Leggett proposed changes to a revised minimum-wage bill sponsored by Elrich, calling on council members to expand the definition of small businesses and elongate the compliance timeline.
Last week, the council unanimously approved a compromise between Elrich's bill and Leggett's recommendations. Businesses with 11 to 50 employees must pay at least $15 an hour by 2023. Businesses with 10 or fewer employees must pay the wage by 2024.
At a news briefing before Monday's signing, Berliner said they received frustrated phone calls from local retailers in the wake of last week's vote.
"There are people that are unhappy," they said.
Gigi Godwin, president and CEO of the Montgomery County Chamber of Commerce, which testified against the increase in September, said they still have concerns over Montgomery's competitiveness in attracting businesses, particularly as low-wage jobs are being transformed and replaced by technology.
"What kinds of policies are we putting in place that will attract and retain the employer of the future, who in turn is going to attract and retain the employee of the future?" Godwin asked.
After the signing, Elrich said Montgomery's bill is more moderate in its timeline than similar legislation in larger cities. They said they were confident business owners would be "creative and smart" in managing their businesses moving forward.
"The truth is, it's the law," they said.
Beirut: The international community needs to help Syrian refugees in Lebanon return to “calm” parts of Syria, Lebanese President Michel Aoun said on Monday, saying Lebanon can no longer cope.
Aoun said they wanted the safe return of refugees and was not asking those who have political problems with the Syrian government to go back, the presidential media office said.
Aoun also asked international aid agencies not to “scare” refugees who want to return from doing so.
Aoun seems to have toned down their language since September when they called on refugees to return “voluntarily or not”.
They were on a visit to France where they said UN assistance given to aid Syrian refugees in “camps of misery” in Lebanon would be better used to return them to their country “from now on.”
“We don't want to wait for their voluntary return,” Aoun insisted, speaking at the Elysee Palace alongside French President Emmanuel Macron.
Aoun claimed that most of the Syrian regions from which the refugees hail are “now secure.”
At the time, Macron distanced themselves from Aoun's comments, saying that the absence of a political solution in Syria prevents refugees from returning back home permanently.
For six years, tensions have simmered as 1.5 million Syrians poured into Lebanon, equal to around a quarter of its population. Refugees have faced waves of hostility since the conflict in neighbouring Syria took hold.
But the debate over their presence has taken a harder edge in recent months, fuelled by political leaders who say Lebanon has lost patience with the social and financial burden of the refugee crisis.
In recent months, most of Lebanon's main parties have united in pushing for repatriation, a difficult demand as war has ravaged much of Syria. Rights groups have warned against forced return, and refugees often say they fear conscription into the Syrian army.
Calls for refugees to return come as the Syrian government shores up its rule over the main urban centres and ceasefire deals have eased fighting with rebels in parts of western Syria.
The United Nations refugee agency has not seen a growing trend of reported attacks against Syrians, but has voiced concern about mounting tensions.
The Conjuring Universe expands this weekend with the release of David F. Sandberg's prequel Annabelle: Creation, which will pave the way for forthcoming films The Nun, The Crooked Man and The Conjuring 3.
Talking with EW, Wan previewed the future of the expanded universe, digging into what we can expect from The Crooked Man and updating on The Nun and The Conjuring 3. For starters, the Corin Hardy-directed The Nun is currently in post-production, while The Conjuring 3 is being scripted.
As for The Crooked Man, a spinoff from The Conjuring 2…
“We think we have a really exciting story,” Wan told the site. “What we want to do, with The Conjuring universe, is we want each of our little offshoots to have a very different flavor, right? So, for example, Annabelle is the classic sort-of haunted doll subgenre. And with The Crooked Man, I would love to push it more down somewhat of that dark fairytale, and more whimsical, subgenre. I love the idea that, within the Conjuring universe, each of our little movies all have their own flavor, so that way they don't feel like they're the same films.”
Wan also elaborated a bit on the status of The Conjuring 3, which they likely won't direct.
“We've been working hard on Conjuring 3,” they said. “Of course, that is something that I am not neglecting. So, we're in the midst of working on the script, and still hashing [it] out. We want to make sure that the script is in a really good place. With how much people have loved the first two Conjurings, I don't want to rush in to the third one if possible.”
First up, be sure to check out Annabelle: Creation this weekend.
Like it or not, our planet is stuck with leftover plastic from years of oblivious consumption and waste. But rather than complain about the pile up, why not take the matter into your own hands?
Richard Liddle, of UK-based Cohda Design, did just that. They found a way to use trash to create something new and useful. Liddle took 100% recycled plastic trash, crushed it in a machine they specifically invented for the process, then re-heated it and formed it into a long, noodly strip.
They wrapped the strip (by hand) around and in and through some sort of cast model (think plaster of paris), let it dry and voila – the RD (Roughly Drawn) Legs Chair was born. No glues or additional anythings were used so it can be recycled again and again”¦possibly never to enter a landfill.
There were previous versions, in red, black, green, purple and mustard yellow, created in limited numbers, and all one of a kind. A few are still available for purchase. Email or call Cohda Design for more information or to purchase, as well as check Branch for availability.
Of course, we always say choose anything over plastic, any chance you get, but now rather than complaining about the past, let's hear it for Richard Liddle and other innovative designers willing to push the envelope.
Blog
Is an Adaptable, Fluid, Contextual, Trustworthy and as a point of reference web meeting needed?
4 September 2015 | by Laurence Chandler | No comments
How do you make your online meetings: Adaptable, Fluid, Contextual, Trustworthy and act as a point of reference. We are going to build on an article by the guys over at Mojo Lingo about how a browser-based solution should operate and act to be effective. Similar to Mojo Lingo, we also speak and talk regularly at conferences networking with a wide variety of professionals from VP of sales to CRM analysts.
Meeting and talking online through your browser is becoming more popular and increasingly part of the way we communicate with organisations and colleagues. Meeting online is not only more effective but also saves time and money. Whilst these solutions are on the rapid rise, do we really know how to use them effectively and what an effective tool should do or look like?
We understand as users that a free communication tool will always have the potential for being useful. However, without trial and error and fully understanding the service we can't realistically define between the tools that meet our needs and the tools which don't. I refer you back to an article we wrote here at Drum about the adoption of WebRTC and how the technology will only really be adopted when Apple does. Similar to the first MP3 player and the iPod. The wider community didn't necessarily understand the true benefit of having an MP3 player apart from being able to play music. The iPod provided us with an effective tool and a solution to utilise this driving the adoption of MP3 players.
We see new WebRTC based solutions enter the market on a daily basis. Some solutions provide simple functionality such as video and audio, whilst others attempt to expand upon this. Each solution appears to generate a user base. However, similar to the first MP3 player, users are being introduced to a new service revolutionising a way in which we communicate. Users aren't currently aware of how best to use these solutions or the extent of the functionality.
Using browser-based solutions will become more frequently used and users demands will increase with criteria such as:
“I want to switch my audio between my devices”
“I want to review and share my meeting”
“I need these discussions and meetings to be secure”
This is where Mojo Lingo come into play. The five key areas described by Mojo Lingo demonstrate the start of these requirements and demand of the end user. Users will being to want more from their service, whether it be a paid for or a free service. Soon, the quantity of browser-based solutions will begin to reduce. Their usage will drop as the novelty wears off and users demand more from their service. From this, a select group of solutions will begin to emerge as major players evolving the way we communicate worldwide.
It will no longer be sufficient enough to provide a free audio and video solution. Users will migrate to a more developed and immersed solution such as Drum's ShareAnywhere. Providing a fully immersive, effortless and secure way to meet online with a host of features reproducing the face-to-face meeting instantly. Features ranging from simple web audio and video right through to meeting replay in real-time places ShareAnywhere online meetings at the forefront of browser-based communication. ShareAnywhere takes your online experience and places you into a true to life meeting experience replicating, if not improving upon the face to face meeting you would normally conduct.
Expect more from your browser-based communication than just audio and video. Communicate, assign tasks and agree on decisions to ensure your online meetings are effective and deliver the results you require.
Shutterstock
As I write this, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.13% has surged more than 300 points, vaulting the benchmark index over 21,000 points for the first time. This ferocious rally, a day after President Trump's speech to Congress, also is reflected in other indices, including the S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.08% and the Nasdaq 100 NDX, +0.11%
Stock market gurus are out in full force explaining the reasons for the rally. But I have not heard the real reason from a single person.
To get to the answer, let's start by reviewing an annotated chart of DJIA futures US:YMH7 Please click here for the annotated chart.
To find out what happened today, we'd have to know how large players were positioned going into Trump's speech, which took place after the close of the stock market. (Positioning, in this context, means aggressive short selling or buying prior to the speech.) These players figured that the Trump rally, which has stretched on for months, has been based on hope and that, unless the president gave details about plans for the economy, there would be a big selloff. They reasoned that, by looking at past speeches of presidents before Congress, the details are almost never there. So it appeared a perfect setup to short sell; in other words, to bet on a decline in share prices. According to algorithms at The Arora Report, these players built substantial short positions, as shown on the chart.
Short sellers tend to be the nervous type prone to panicking easily. They do so for good reason: In short selling, losses can be unlimited.
After Trump's speech, when the market did not fall, the short sellers were forced to cover their positions, thus driving up share prices. (The initial so-called short squeeze and its progression are shown on the chart.) This forced-buying made futures run up prior to the 9:30 a.m. start of trading in New York. When the stock market “gapped up” at the open, computers and their algorithms took over and bought aggressively. That triggered other algorithms, exaggerating the move. Thus, that was interpreted as a confirmation of how good Trump's speech was.
The talking heads on TV were quick to say that the stock market was rising because Trump was conciliatory in their speech. What happened to those same talking heads' pronouncements a day earlier that the market would fall if Trump failed to mention specifics of their economic plans?
You see, most talking heads don't have skin in the game. They don't trade with their own money and, thus, stay oblivious to market mechanics. Their profession is not trading, but talking, and what is better than talking from both sides of one's mouth? That way, they are always “right.”
According to algorithms at The Arora Report, about three-quarters of the increase in stock prices today is from short squeezes. Historically, runs based on short squeezes arising out of positioning from an overbought market tend to reverse themselves. For that reason, as hard as it is, it is prudent to be patient and wait for pullbacks to buy stocks. There are reasons to be bullish. (Please see “Here's the case for Dow 30,000 in Trump's first term.”) But, alas, the market is not likely to keep rising in a straight line.
Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. All recommended positions are reviewed daily at The Arora Report.
Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background, has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies, is the developer of the adaptive ZYX Global Multi Asset Allocation Model and the ZYX Change Method to profit from change in trading and investing.  They are the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.
The Orioles could use a left-handed hitting corner outfielder with a career .358 on-base percentage who is comfortable playing at Camden Yards and capable of serving as the leadoff hitter.
But Nick Markakis isn't walking through that door. At least, I don't think so.
Markakis never wanted to leave Baltimore. Returning “home” with the Braves hasn't been a joyful experience for a variety of reasons. But I haven't detected any signs that a reunion is in the works.
There has been previous contact between the teams regarding Markakis, but more of a feeling out process that didn't involve the highest ranking officials.
The Orioles were negotiating a four-year deal with Markakis in 2014 before examining their MRI and determining that he'd need fusion surgery to repair a herniated disc in their neck. There were doubts within the organization about Markakis extending their career, but they were ready by opening day and has appeared in 474 games in three seasons in Atlanta.
It wasn't a comfortable parting. Markakis had been loyal to the Orioles, playing through the discomfort in their neck and being a steady presence through good times and bad. They expected the same loyalty in return. The Orioles declined their $17.5 million option for 2015, but were intent on re-signing them until surgery entered the picture.
Markakis lives in Cockeysville with their wife Christina and their three children. The area remains home to them despite their Georgia roots. And the couple's love of Baltimore emanated again Monday at Adam Jones' #StayHungry Purple Tailgate.
The knock against Markakis, who will make $10.5 million in the final season of the four-year, $44 million contract that they signed with the Braves, involves their declining power since the injury. He's hit three, 13 and eight home runs since leaving the Orioles. But they never are a big power guy, their career high of 23 homers coming in 2007.
Seth Smith hit 13 home runs this year. No one would be replacing Giancarlo Stanton.
Scouts compared Markakis to Paul O'Neill after the Orioles selected them in the first round of the 2003 draft. He'd hit for average, get on base and offer some pop at the plate. He'd also win two Gold Glove Awards, though their defense isn't at the same level as he's gotten older.
Markakis batted .275/.354/.384 this summer in 160 games. He's totaled 38, 38 and 39 doubles over the past three seasons. Their 89 RBIs in 2016 were the third-highest of their career, and they were toiling on a last-place team.
The Orioles' .312 on-base percentage this year ranked 27th in the majors. Here are Markakis' OBPs over their 12-year career:
.351
.362
.406
.347
.370
.351
.363
.329
.342
.370
.346
.354
Travis Snider was touted as Markakis' equal when the Orioles acquired them from the Pirates in January 2015 for pitchers Steven Brault and Stephen Tarpley. They lasted until August. Gerardo Parra batted .237/.268/.357 in 55 games in 2015 and never looked comfortable in right field after the Orioles acquired them from the Brewers for pitcher Zach Davies. Mark Trumbo led the majors with 47 home runs in 2016 and earned a three-year, $37.5 million deal, but most of their at-bats now come as the designated hitter. Smith, acquired from the Mariners on Jan. 6 for pitcher Yovani Gallardo, is a free agent after batting .258/.340/.433 with 19 doubles, 13 home runs and 32 RBIs in 111 games.
Brault was named the International League's Most Valuable Pitcher this summer. Davies went 17-9 with a 3.90 ERA in 33 starts with the Brewers and is 31-18 with a 3.91 ERA in parts of three seasons. Keeping Markakis might have kept them in the organization.
Austin Hays could emerge as the regular right fielder in 2018, though the Orioles would have three right-handed hitters in the outfield. Maybe it's someone from outside the organization. Maybe it's some sort of combination.
It's not likely to be Markakis, but we're in the thick of the offseason and pretty much everything is open to debate. Let me hear from you on this one.
Would you welcome back Markakis in an Orioles uniform and as the everyday right fielder while giving guys like Hays and Anthony Santander more time to develop?
Dale Earnhardt Jr. and their Hendrick Motorsports team are losing 15 races of sponsorship next season as PepsiCo plans to cut back its sponsorship, according to the SportsBusiness Journal.
PepsiCo committed to sponsoring Earnhardt for 20 races in 2012.
SBJ, citing sources, is reporting that PepsiCo is working on a $10 million deal with Hendrick Motorsports that would include five races annually with Earnhardt (Diet Mountain Dew and Amp), two races with Jeff Gordon (Pepsi) and one with Kasey Kahne (brand TBA).
The beverage company had sponsored Earnhardt and their No. 88 team for 20 races and Gordon's No. 24 team for two in each of the past five years. This season, the 20 Earnhardt races were split between Diet Mountain Dew (16 races) and Amp (four races).
“The main takeaway for us is that we're continuing the relationship and partnership because we really value it,” Heidi Sandreuter, PepsiCo senior director, sports marketing, told SBJ. They declined to confirm how many races Pepsi would sponsor.
“Moving forward, it's still about driving Diet Dew for Dale," Sandreuter said. "Dale anchored Diet Dew this year for us, and that is huge. Sports and racing is what the brand is leveraging to increase awareness and trial.”
The new deal would be a three-year deal, according to SBJ. It would leave Hendrick needing to find sponsorship for 13 races for Earnhardt for next year. The National Guard is signed for 20 races.
“Hendrick and all their people are just taking their time, sorting it out,” Earnhardt said last month when asked about the possibility of PepsiCo's cutback.
“We've got a lot of irons in the fire and really good potential stuff going, and we've just got to kind of decide which one is going to work out, which one we want to work with.”
Team owner Rick Hendrick said last month the organization has had talks with several companies about filling the void.
“Junior, we've got lots to work with there,” Hendrick said. “(Sponsorship talks) feels good again—it feels like there is more activity out there.”
VANCOUVER – Michael Chong spent four straight hours shaking hands and posing for pictures at their hospitality suite.
Jason Kenney attracted huge crowds of Conservative delegates wherever they went.
Kellie Leitch was busy signing up volunteers and organizers for their leadership campaign.
Peter MacKay was seemingly everywhere at the convention for someone retired from politics, on stage at times, and busy working the hallways chatting with delegates.
Maxime Bernier, Lisa Raitt and Tony Clement – like Kenney and Chong ­– all hosted popular hospitality suites that attracted hundreds of delegates from across the country.
Indeed, the declared leadership candidates and those considering running spent three days glad-handing and shmoozing at the Conservative party national convention in Vancouver, as they keep their eye on a leadership election that's still a year away.
But leadership hopefuls also received important signals from members about where they want the next leader to take the party – including on contentious policies like accepting same-sex marriage – and how to make the party more inclusive to attract more Canadians into the Conservative fold.
“I think the grassroots of this party are looking for the face of the party to look like the face of the country – that we are open and inclusive and respectful of our volunteers,” Leitch said Saturday on the final day of the Conservative national convention in Vancouver.
Conservative delegates voted to effectively accept same-sex marriage by removing from their policy declaration a definition of marriage as “the union of one man and one woman.” Most of the leadership hopefuls already in the race or expected to join supported the move.
Our party must be much more inclusive.
“Our party must be much more inclusive – making sure women, young people, people of all races and creeds and religious backgrounds – feel that the Conservative Party of Canada is their home,” Leitch said.
Both Leitch and Chong said the convention was an important opportunity for their teams to sign up volunteers and organizers for their campaigns.
Chong, who announced their candidacy earlier this month, said their takeaway from the convention is that the party has to broaden its levels of support and reach out to new pools of voters.
The Conservative party has no seats in Vancouver, Toronto, Winnipeg, Halifax and all of Atlantic Canada, they said, so the party needs to find ways to move beyond its traditional base of support.
“They're looking for a leader that is going to broaden the party, that is going to enlarge the tent by attracting new people to the party and new voters in the 2019 election,” Chong said.
Leadership candidates were also pleasantly surprised to learn that members are generally in an upbeat mood – despite the election defeat – and ready to move forward.
Kenney, who will announce by summer's end whether he'll join the leadership race, said they were a little shocked to learn there are actually more delegates at the Vancouver convention than at the last one in 2013 when the party was in power.
“I'll be honest with you, I think I and some others were expecting this to be a bit of a wake, a bit of a funeral reception and it doesn't feel like that at all. It feels like the party that Stephen Harper put together has gelled and it has grown,” Kenney told reporters Saturday.
“The party is vigorous and is very much in competition to win the government in 2019,” they said.
Raitt, who is still weighing a run, said the convention was crucial for introducing themselves to Conservative members from across the country who might not know them very well.
A lot of people whom they might not normally attract as potential voters came to their hospitality suite to say hello, they said. Raitt was raised in the Maritimes and is an MP from the Greater Toronto Area, but said they were attracting members from British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan.
“What that shows me is that people are willing to take a look outside their own little normal cubicle of how they see themselves as Conservatives,” they said.
“People are really taking a hard look at the different candidates.”
Leadership hopefuls are also learning very quickly that their positions on policies debated at the convention are influencing how fellow Conservative MPs and party members view them for potential leaders.
Conservative MP Brad Trost, who fiercely defended the party's longstanding traditional definition of marriage, took a few swipes at Kenney for supporting a policy to accept same-sex unions.
“Let me be blunt. I'm criticizing Jason Kenney for waffling on social conservative issues,” they said.
Trost, who declared Friday they wouldn't back leadership candidates who don't support the traditional definition of marriage, said Saturday they might still support Kenney if they run because they respect the Calgary MP – but there's no guarantee. Trost said he's now considering whether to join the race.
“Backing away from policies is flip-flopping, and you do not win people's respect by being a flip-flopper,” Trost said.
jfekete@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/jasonfekete
Drum roll please ...
Affliction MMA recently "postponed" its encore pay-per-view (PPV) event "Day of Reckoning" -- originally scheduled for October 11 in Las Vegas, Nevada -- because the promotion had a big announcement to make tonight about the company's future.
And Vice President Tom Atencio had curious fans buzzing when they revealed that the announcement would be made during the big lightweight professional boxing title fight between Joel Casamayor and Juan Manuel Marquez, which will air on HBO pay-per-view (PPV) live from "Sin City" at 10 p.m. ET.
So what's all the fuss about?
Affliction has forged a partnership with Golden Boy Promotions -- the monster boxing promotional company led by superstar Oscar De La Hoya -- to co-promote future events that will feature mixed martial arts and boxing matches, according to ESPN.com.
Here's a snip:
"Golden Boy and Affliction will partner 50-50 on at least four pay-per-view shows next year that will include boxing matches and MMA fights on the same card. Smaller promoters have paired the two sports on cards, but never at the top level."
It's a relationship that was first discussed before Affliction even staged its first-ever event on July 19; therefore, it doesn't come as too much of a surprise that Golden Boy Promotions is once again back on the MMA radar.
Of course, Affliction also has an existing deal with multimillionaire Donald Trump, meaning that the upstart promotion has added another powerful partner to help it succeed.
And the fearsome threesome will get its first crack at the big time when it trots out the biggest star on the roster, WAMMA heavyweight champion Fedor Emelianenko, to anchor the MMA portion of the card now set for the Honda Center in Anaheim, Calif. on January 17.
No opponent for Emelianenko is known at this time.
This card will not air on HBO, which would have been an industry coup -- it is set to air on normal PPV. However, it's certainly possible that the new format and partnership could likely lead to something down the road.
Stay tuned for more details.
The famously laid back Dr. Ben Carson may have gotten the least amount of talk time in during Fox Business Network's Republican debate Thursday night, but the retired neurosurgeon made up for it with a string of memorably muddled and often winding answers that highlighted their spacey demeanor.
Here are just a few of Carson's best moments:
They joked about sleeping through the debate
“Well, I am very happy to get a question this early on. I was going to ask you to wake me up when the time came,” Carson said in response to a question about fighting the Islamic State early on in the contest.
They thought a rival saying ‘everybody' entitled them to a response
After former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said that “everybody on this stage is better than Hillary Clinton,” Carson thought that under the debate rules, they should get the chance to defend himself.
“Neil, I was mentioned too,” Carson said.
“You were?” host Neil Cavuto said with a laugh.
“Yeah, they said ‘everybody,'” the Republican said, cracking up.
They said enemies want to attack “our electrical grid”
Describing an ominous string of threats that internet users noticed bore a striking resemblance to the plot of the alien invasion movie “Independence Day,” Carson said the state of modern warfare has changed in ways the President “doesn't realize.”
“The fact of the matter is, [Obama] doesn't realize that we now live in the 21st century, and that war is very different than it used to be before,” Carson said. “Not armies, massively marching on each other and air forces, but now we have dirty bombs and we have cyberattacks and we have people who will be attacking our electrical grid.”
The doomsaying neurosurgeon went on: “We have enemies who are obtaining nuclear weapons that they can explode in our exoatmosphere and destroy our electric grid. Just think about a scenario like that. They explode the bomb, we have an electromagnetic pulse. They hit us with a cyberattack simultaneously and dirty bombs. Can you imagine the chaos that would ensue at that point?”
They read the online comments
The Republican breaks some users' cardinal rule of reading stories on the internet: don't read the comments.
In response to a particularly leading question from Fox Business Network moderator Maria Bartiromo, who asked about “the notion that Hillary Clinton is an enabler of sexual misconduct,” Carson called up lessons learned on the internet.
“You know, you go to the internet, you start reading article, you go through the comment section, each other all manner of names,” they said. “Where did that spirit come from in America? It did not come from our Judeo-Christian roots, I can tell you that.”
They aren't paying attention to a direct question
After a bizarre callout to ex-candidate Sen. Lindsey Graham's (R-SC) proposed plans to send ground troops to Syria, Carson seemed to lose track of the line of questioning.
Bartiromo began: “[Graham] says the airstrikes, now in their 16th month, have been ineffective. Dr. Carson –”
“Wait a minute, who in their 16th month?” Carson asked.
“The airstrikes, now in their 16th month,” Bartiromo repeated.
NowThis collected their own highlights of Carson's performance:
Margaret Curran, the Shadow Scottish Secretary, said there are a “lot of question marks” about whether devolution has led to the improvements that its supporters claim.
They also indicated their support for abolishing the Barnett formula, which gives Scots almost £1,200 per head more public spending than the UK average, and replacing it with a system based on need.
Mrs Curran's comments, made in a fringe event at the Labour conference in Brighton, come after the party promised to publish a package of extra powers for Holyrood that would be devolved if Scots reject independence next year.
An interim report that proposed transferring total control over income tax received a frosty reception from the Scottish MPs earlier this year.
A report by one of the architects of devolution, published four years ago, found devolution had led to lower standards of public services in Scotland because Holyrood ministers are too worried about being popular.
Speaking at a fringe event titled ‘Devolution: Constitution and reform', Ms Curran said there were questions that still had to be asked about devolution.
"We need to ask ourselves some questions about (devolution). Has it made health better in Easterhouse?” the Glasgow East MP said, referring to an impoverished part of their constituency.
“Has it made education better in Easterhouse? And there are a lot of questions marks over that."
A 2009 report by John McLaren, a co-architect of the Scotland Act, found that the country's health service and education system had slipped further behind England's in the first decade of devolution.
It concluded that public services may have been better had the Scottish Parliament not been created and its powers retained at Westminster.
Rhodri Morgan, the former Welsh First Minister, also used the meeting to ask Ms Curran whether an independent organisation should distribute public money to the three devolved assemblies instead of the Treasury using the Barnett formula.
They said: “I do believe that we should allocate public funding on the basis of need and it should not be around just a regional or a national demarcation around that. And I think that is a challenge to the nationalists in the referendum."
Meanwhile, Ed Balls used their keynote conference speech to conference to mock Alex Salmond over their contortions about which currency an independent Scotland should adopt.
The Shadow Chancellor said the First Minister was in “total confusion”, having previously described the pound as a “millstone around our neck” only to perform an about-turn and support the retention of sterling.
Paying tribute to Ms Curran, Johann Lamont, the Scottish Labour leader, and Alistair Darling, the leader of the pro-UK Better Together campaign, Mr Balls said: “The arguments for separation are falling apart.”
We've all done or said stupid things online at some point or another. But if you're a Californian under 18, you'll soon have the right to delete those stupid things. California has put into place the first state law that requires companies, websites, and app developers to give kids under the age of 18 the option to delete a post.
The law (SB 568), which was signed by Governor Jerry Brown on Monday and takes effect on January 1, 2015, imposes onto Web companies and app makers this new requirement. Those firms now must:
Provide clear instructions to a minor who is a registered user of the operator's Internet website, online service, online application, or mobile application on how the user may remove or, if the operator prefers, request and obtain the removal of content or information posted on the operator's Internet Web site, online service, online application, or mobile application.
The law has received praise from its primary sponsor.
“This is a groundbreaking protection for our kids who often act impetuously with postings of ill-advised pictures or messages before they think through the consequences,” said State Senator Darrell Steinberg (D-Sacramento), in a statement. “They deserve the right to remove this material that could haunt them for years to come.”
Modest protection
However, some legal analysts have some quibbles with exactly how the law's language was drafted.
The “eraser” provision is part of a new, larger law—Privacy Rights for California Minors in the Digital World—that was added to California's business code. The first section of this “Digital World” law focuses on not allowing sites and services that are “directed to minors” to compile or disclose information about a minor if that compilation or disclosure “is for the purpose of marketing or advertising products or services to that minor.”
But what exactly is a site “directed to minors”? And wouldn't Facebook and Twitter, which both already allow all users (regardless of age) to delete posts and tweets, already be in compliance? Neither Sen. Steinberg's office nor Twitter immediately responded to Ars' request for comment on this point, while Facebook declined to comment.
“While the Center for Democracy and Technology understands that SB 568 was motivated by the best of intentions, we remain concerned that the bill's focus on sites ‘directed to minors' under the age of 18 will leave operators of websites that are popular with older teens and young adults uncertain of their obligations under the law,” Emma Llansó, a staff attorney at the Center for Democracy and Technology, wrote to Ars in an e-mail.
“Our primary concern is that this legal uncertainty will discourage operators from developing content and services tailored to younger users," Llansó continued, "and will lead popular sites and services that may appeal to minors to prohibit users under 18 from using their services. (We've seen a similar reaction to the federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which covers website directed to children under the age of 13: even sites that are clearly general-audience sites, or intended for adults, will include prohibitions in their Terms of Service barring minors under 13 from using their service, out of an abundance of caution.)”
They also pointed out that the law as it's currently written may require companies to collect even more data on teens—such as location and age—so that a company can figure out whether it is in fact, in compliance. However, it's likely that California, by virtue of being the largest American state by population, would set a new national standard.
Still, Woodrow Hartzog, a professor and privacy law expert at the Cumberland School of Law at Samford University in Alabama, told Ars that while the law may not be perfect, it's better than nothing.
“While it's true that it would be exceptionally difficult if not impossible in many instances to remove every occurrence of problematic content from the Internet, I wouldn't be so quick to say this limitation means that the law is doomed to failure,” they told Ars.
“In many cases, individuals don't need to remove every single instance of a piece of content from the Internet in order to be protected. Perhaps they just need to remove the most prominent or popular occurrences. Sometimes adequate protection can come not just from being completely ‘erased,' but also from having personal information that's out there being so tucked away in unpopular or forgotten corners of the Internet that it's unlikely to be found. It's not clear how well this bill will be able to provide that kind of modest protection, but it's a possibility that's more promising, attainable, and palatable than being able to completely erase yourself from the Web.”
The Emmy winner has been accused of sexual harassment by their former assistant and "Transparent" co-star Trace Lysette.
Jeffrey Tambor's future on the Amazon comedy series “Transparent” remains in question following sexual harassment allegations made against him. The Emmy-winning actor appeared to be leaving the series when they exclusively told Deadline that they had made a decision not to return to “Transparent,” but a representative for the actor tells The New York Times that Tambor has not quit and has no plans to quit the series at this time.
Tambor has been accused of sexual harassment by their former assistant, Van Barnes, and their “Transparent” co-star Trace Lysette. Amazon has launched an investigation into the claims, and the series has been on hiatus as the writers figure out whether or not they will continue the series without its lead character.
Lysette, who says Tambor pressed up against them and made inappropriate comments to them on set, believes the show should continue without Tambor. “Like, come on,” they told The Times, “we have a lot to share, and the world wants to see it, and I just think that it sucks that so much rides on these leading men.”
In their statement to Deadline, Tambor called playing Maura Pfefferman “one of the greatest privileges and creative experiences” of their life. But they also said that they didn't see how they could return to the series given the “politicized atmosphere” that is now on set following the harassment claims.
“I've already made clear my deep regret if any action of mine was ever misinterpreted by anyone as being aggressive, but the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue,” they said. “Given the politicized atmosphere that seems to have afflicted our set, I don't see how I can return to Transparent.”
IndieWire has reached out for an official comment from Amazon.
A visual prosthesis, often referred to as a bionic eye, is an experimental visual device intended to restore functional vision in those suffering from partial or total blindness. Many devices have been developed, usually modeled on the cochlear implant or bionic ear devices, a type of neural prosthesis in use since the mid-1980s. The idea of using electrical current (e.g., electrically stimulating the retina or the visual cortex) to provide sight dates back to the 18th century, discussed by Benjamin Franklin,[1] Tiberius Cavallo,[2] and Charles LeRoy.[3]
Biological considerations [ edit ]
The ability to give sight to a blind person via a bionic eye depends on the circumstances surrounding the loss of sight. For retinal prostheses, which are the most prevalent visual prosthetic under development (due to ease of access to the retina among other considerations), patients with vision loss due to degeneration of photoreceptors (retinitis pigmentosa, choroideremia, geographic atrophy macular degeneration) are the best candidate for treatment. Candidates for visual prosthetic implants find the procedure most successful if the optic nerve was developed prior to the onset of blindness. Persons born with blindness may lack a fully developed optical nerve, which typically develops prior to birth[4], though neuroplasticity makes it possible for the nerve, and sight, to develop after implantation.[citation needed]
Technological considerations [ edit ]
Visual prosthetics are being developed as a potentially valuable aid for individuals with visual degradation. Argus II, co-developed at the University of Southern California (USC) Eye Institute[5] and manufactured by Second Sight Medical Products Inc., is now the only such device to have received marketing approval (CE Mark in Europe in 2011). Most other efforts remain investigational; the Retina Implant AG's Alpha IMS won a CE Mark July 2013 and is a significant improvement in resolution. It is not, however, FDA-approved in the US.[6]
Ongoing projects [ edit ]
Argus retinal prosthesis [ edit ]
Mark Humayun, who joined the faculty of the Keck School of Medicine of USC Department of Ophthalmology in 2001;[7] Eugene Dejuan, now at the University of California San Francisco; engineer Howard D. Phillips; bio-electronics engineer Wentai Liu, now at University of California Los Angeles; and Robert Greenberg, now of Second Sight, were the original inventors of the active epi-retinal prosthesis[8] and demonstrated proof of principle in acute patient investigations at Johns Hopkins University in the early 1990s. In the late 1990s the company Second Sight[9] was formed by Greenberg along with medical device entrepreneur, Alfred E. Mann,[10]:35 Their first-generation implant had 16 electrodes and was implanted in six subjects by Humayun at University of Southern California between 2002 and 2004.[10]:35[11] In 2007, the company began a trial of its second-generation, 60-electrode implant, dubbed the Argus II, in the US and in Europe.[12][13] In total 30 subjects participated in the studies spanning 10 sites in four countries. In the spring of 2011, based on the results of the clinical study which were published in 2012,[14] Argus II was approved for commercial use in Europe, and Second Sight launched the product later that same year. The Argus II was approved by the United States FDA on 14 February 2013. Three US government funding agencies (National Eye Institute, Department of Energy, and National Science Foundation) have supported the work at Second Sight, USC, UCSC, Caltech, and other research labs.[15]
Microsystem-based visual prosthesis (MIVP) [ edit ]
Designed by Claude Veraart at the University of Louvain, this is a spiral cuff electrode around the optic nerve at the back of the eye. It is connected to a stimulator implanted in a small depression in the skull. The stimulator receives signals from an externally worn camera, which are translated into electrical signals that stimulate the optic nerve directly.[16]
Implantable miniature telescope [ edit ]
Although not truly an active prosthesis, an Implantable Miniature Telescope is one type of visual implant that has met with some success in the treatment of end-stage age-related macular degeneration.[17][18][19] This type of device is implanted in the eye's posterior chamber and works by increasing (by about three times) the size of the image projected onto the retina in order to overcome a centrally located scotoma or blind spot.[18][19]
Created by VisionCare Ophthalmic Technologies in conjunction with the CentraSight Treatment Program, the telescope is about the size of a pea and is implanted behind the iris of one eye. Images are projected onto healthy areas of the central retina, outside the degenerated macula, and is enlarged to reduce the effect the blind spot has on central vision. 2.2x or 2.7x magnification strengths make it possible to see or discern the central vision object of interest while the other eye is used for peripheral vision because the eye that has the implant will have limited peripheral vision as a side effect. Unlike a telescope which would be hand-held, the implant moves with the eye which is the main advantage. Patients using the device may however still need glasses for optimal vision and for close work. Before surgery, patients should first try out a hand-held telescope to see if they would benefit from image enlargement. One of the main drawbacks is that it cannot be used for patients who have had cataract surgery as the intraocular lens would obstruct insertion of the telescope. It also requires a large incision in the cornea to insert.[20]
A Cochrane systematic review seeking to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of the implantable miniature telescope for patients with late or advanced age-related macular degeneration found only one ongoing study evaluating the OriLens intraocular telescope, with results expected in 2020.[21]
Tübingen MPDA Project Alpha IMS [ edit ]
A Southern German team led by the University Eye Hospital in Tübingen, was formed in 1995 by Eberhart Zrenner to develop a subretinal prosthesis. The chip is located behind the retina and utilizes microphotodiode arrays (MPDA) which collect incident light and transform it into electrical current stimulating the retinal ganglion cells. As natural photoreceptors are far more efficient than photodiodes, visible light is not powerful enough to stimulate the MPDA. Therefore, an external power supply is used to enhance the stimulation current. The German team commenced in vivo experiments in 2000, when evoked cortical potentials were measured from Yucatán micropigs and rabbits. At 14 months post implantation, the implant and retina surrounding it were examined and there were no noticeable changes to anatomical integrity. The implants were successful in producing evoked cortical potentials in half of the animals tested. The thresholds identified in this study were similar to those required in epiretinal stimulation. Later reports from this group concern the results of a clinical pilot study on 11 participants suffering from RP. Some blind patients were able to read letters, recognize unknown objects, localize a plate, a cup and cutlery.[22] Two of the patients were found to make microsaccades similar to those of healthy control participants, and the properties of the eye movements depended on the stimuli that the patients were viewing--suggesting that eye movements might be useful measures for evaluating vision restored by implants.[23][24] In 2010 a new multicenter Study has been started using a fully implantable device with 1500 Electrodes Alpha IMS (produced by Retina Implant AG, Reutlingen, Germany), 10 patients included so far; first results have been presented at ARVO 2011.[citation needed] The first UK implantations took place in March 2012 and were led by Robert MacLaren at the University of Oxford and Tim Jackson at King's College Hospital in London.[25][26] David Wong also implanted the Tübingen device in a patient in Hong Kong.[27] In all cases previously blind patients had some degree of sight restored.[citation needed]
Harvard/MIT Retinal Implant [ edit ]
Joseph Rizzo and John Wyatt at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and MIT began researching the feasibility of a retinal prosthesis in 1989, and performed a number of proof-of-concept epiretinal stimulation trials on blind volunteers between 1998 and 2000. They have since developed a subretinal stimulator, an array of electrodes, that is placed beneath the retina in the subretinal space and receives image signals beamed from a camera mounted on a pair of glasses. The stimulator chip decodes the picture information beamed from the camera and stimulates retinal ganglion cells accordingly. Their second generation prosthesis collects data and sends it to the implant through RF fields from transmitter coils that are mounted on the glasses. A secondary receiver coil is sutured around the iris.[28]
Artificial silicon retina (ASR) [ edit ]
The brothers Alan Chow and Vincent Chow have developed a microchip containing 3500 photodiodes, which detect light and convert it into electrical impulses, which stimulate healthy retinal ganglion cells. The ASR requires no externally worn devices.[16]
The original Optobionics Corp. stopped operations, but Chow acquired the Optobionics name, the ASR implants and plans to reorganize a new company under the same name.[29] The ASR microchip is a 2mm in diameter silicon chip (same concept as computer chips) containing ~5,000 microscopic solar cells called "microphotodiodes" that each have their own stimulating electrode.[30]
Photovoltaic retinal prosthesis (PRIMA) [ edit ]
Daniel Palanker and their group at Stanford University have developed a photovoltaic retinal prosthesis[31] that includes a subretinal photodiode array and an infrared image projection system mounted on video goggles. Images captured by video camera are processed in a pocket PC and displayed on video goggles using pulsed near-infrared (IR, 880–915 nm) light. These images are projected onto the retina via natural eye optics, and photodiodes in the subretinal implant convert light into pulsed bi-phasic electric current in each pixel.[32] Electric current flowing through the tissue between the active and return electrode in each pixel stimulates the nearby inner retinal neurons, primarily the bipolar cells, which transmit excitatory responses to the retinal ganglion cells. This technology is being commercialized by Pixium Vision (PRIMA), and is being evaluated in a clinical trial (2018). Following this proof of concept, Palanker group is focusing now on developing pixels smaller than 50μm using 3-D electrodes and utilizing the effect of retinal migration into voids in the subretinal implant.
Bionic Vision Australia [ edit ]
An Australian team led by Professor Anthony Burkitt is developing two retinal prostheses. The Wide-View device combines novel technologies with materials that have been successfully used in other clinical implants. This approach incorporates a microchip with 98 stimulating electrodes and aims to provide increased mobility for patients to help them move safely in their environment. This implant will be placed in the suprachoroidal space. Researchers expect the first patient tests to begin with this device in 2013.
The Bionic Vision Australia consortium is concurrently developing the High-Acuity device, which incorporates a number of new technologies to bring together a microchip and an implant with 1024 electrodes. The device aims to provide functional central vision to assist with tasks such as face recognition and reading large print. This high-acuity implant will be inserted epiretinally. Patient tests are planned for this device in 2014 once preclinical testing has been completed.
Patients with retinitis pigmentosa will be the first to participate in the studies, followed by age-related macular degeneration. Each prototype consists of a camera, attached to a pair of glasses which sends the signal to the implanted microchip, where it is converted into electrical impulses to stimulate the remaining healthy neurons in the retina. This information is then passed on to the optic nerve and the vision processing centres of the brain.
The Australian Research Council awarded Bionic Vision Australia a $42 million grant in December 2009 and the consortium was officially launched in March 2010. Bionic Vision Australia brings together a multidisciplinary team, many of whom have extensive experience developing medical devices such as the cochlear implant (or 'bionic ear').[33]
Dobelle Eye [ edit ]
Similar in function to the Harvard/MIT device, except the stimulator chip sits in the primary visual cortex, rather than on the retina. Many subjects have been implanted with a high success rate and limited negative effects. Still in the developmental phase, upon the death of Dobelle, selling the eye for profit was ruled against[by whom?] in favor of donating it to a publicly funded research team.[16][34]
Intracortical visual prosthesis [ edit ]
The Laboratory of Neural Prosthetics at Illinois Institute Of Technology (IIT), Chicago, is developing a visual prosthetic using intracortical electrode arrays. While similar in principle to the Dobelle system, the use of intracortical electrodes allow for greatly increased spatial resolution in the stimulation signals (more electrodes per unit area). In addition, a wireless telemetry system is being developed[35] to eliminate the need for transcranial wires. Arrays of activated iridium oxide film (AIROF)-coated electrodes will be implanted in the visual cortex, located on the occipital lobe of the brain. External hardware will capture images, process them, and generate instructions which will then be transmitted to implanted circuitry via a telemetry link. The circuitry will decode the instructions and stimulate the electrodes, in turn stimulating the visual cortex. The group is developing a wearable external image capture and processing system to accompany the implanted circuitry. Studies on animals and psyphophysical studies on humans are being conducted[36] to test the feasibility of a human volunteer implant.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
We have a exclusive Facebook page about Marvel Avengers Alliance,
,
Can't reclaim any link? Try again 2-3 days later.
Note: If you can not browse adf.ly link from your country, use Hotspot-shield or any other proxy service.
These links are not available at this moment. If you found one of these free staff links are available, Please notify us by comment.
http://adf.ly/365233/one-gold
http://adf.ly/365233/free-5-gold
3 Gold New
http://adf.ly/3231904/3xgold-april10
http://adf.ly/3231904/1xgold-nov07
Discontinued Command Point
These CP links are not available at this moment. If you found one of these free staff links are available, Please notify us by comment.
http://adf.ly/365233/free-command-points
50 Free Command Points One time
http://adf.ly/365233/free-command-points-50
Free 10x Command Point
Discontinued Free Gears And Weapons Gift
if we have anyand update about the game, we will immediately post on that page, so that you can see the content easily in the shortest time.This bonus is collected from marvel avengers official promotion. So no registration required.Claim Process is very easy. Just click on the link.02 Feb 201626 Jan, 2016
First, I saw one of my beautiful salt lamps in its various shades of orange, another with its pink and rose colors, and the third kind in glowing pink and red. I was stunned.
The next day, I went outside. I looked at the sky. I heard colors such as "Horizon," "Outer Space," and many shades of blue and gray. I used color cues to find my pumpkin plants, by looking for the green among the brown and stone. I spent ten minutes looking at my pumpkin plants, with their leaves of green and lemon-ginger. I then roamed my yard, and saw a blue flower. I then found the brown shed, and returned to the gray house. My mind felt blown. I watched the sun set, listening to the colors change as the sky darkened. The next night, I had a conversation with mom about how the sky looked bluer tonight. Since I can see some light and color, I think hearing the color names can help nudge my perception, and enhance my visual experience.
I have seen a lot of technology for the blind, and I can safely say that the iPhone represents the most revolutionary thing to happen to the blind for at least the last ten years. Fifteen or twenty years brings us back to the Braille 'n Speak, which I loved in the same way, so have a hard time choosing the greater. In my more excitable moments, I consider the iPhone as the greatest thing to have ever happened to the blind. The touchpad offers the familiar next/previous motion which the blind need, since speech offers one-dimensional output. Adding the ability to touch anywhere on the screen and hear it adds a whole other dimension, literally. For the first time, the blind can actually get spatial information about something. In the store, mom could say "Try that button" and I could. Blind people know what I mean. How many times has a sighted person said "I see an icon at the top of the screen?" For the first time, that actually means something.
But the iPhone does have one big problem for the blind: iTunes. I understand the power of market forces, but to see such a beautiful piece of hardware chained to such an awful and inaccessible piece of software bothers me to no end. Apple has done an amazing thing making the iPhone accessible, but iTunes remains virtually unusable to the blind. Of course, blind Mac users have little problem with it, but they make up a very small portion of the blind community. A blind Windows user with a strong will, can do it, but they won't enjoy it. Those of us blind Linux users get left in the dark on two counts, since no Linux users can access iTunes, except through WINE, or through a virtual machine.
Apple has a right to tout its efforts in accessibility. Still, they must realize that they cannot make a completely true claim as long as people have to use iTunes for everything. As a Linux user I expected as much, and I can overcome those challenges, but the challenges of blindness remain. I know blind people who have not purchased an iPhone because they do not want to battle iTunes. When dealing with a permanent health issue, you cannot just wish it away or just hope things will improve while doing nothing. I have a feeling Steve Jobs would understand.
After my iPhone experience, now I use a touchpad with all of my computing tasks (a Magic Trackpad with a Mac). Giving the blind the ability to use gestures just as a sighted person would truly represent the wave of the future.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Left to right: Bava and Sons, Coast.biz; Jon Rafman, Juan Gris Dream House; Charles Broskoski, Untitled (Iris); David Kohn architects, Carrer Avinyo; Etienne Descloux, Visitez ma tente. Photograph by Noah Rabinowitz.
If Google had a pavilion at the Venice Biennale, who would they exhibit? How would their installation compete against the Artsy auction exhibition? Would a Young Incorporated Artist feel more comfortable representing Tumblr or the USA?
Biennales have long been recognised as vehicles of internationalization and globalization in the worlds of art and architecture. Founded in 1895, with its younger sibling the Architecture Biennale following in 1980, the Venice Biennale is perhaps the most well known of its ilk. Although structured around a thematic exhibition in the imperially-named Arsenale, a significant attraction is inevitably the soft state play that occurs between the national pavilions. But in a world where the certitude of nation states is increasingly coming up against a new dominance of multi-national business, it is perhaps surprising that outright corporate pavilions aren't more of a Biennale mainstay, beyond the aggressive sponsor interests that keep national pavilions afloat.
It is in these international waters that the organizers of the (insistently unofficial) AIRBNB Pavilion positioned their project during the opening weekend of this year's 14th International Architecture Exhibition. Programmed by four graduates of the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London–Alessandro Bava, Octave Perrault, Fabrizio Ballabio and Luis Ortega Govela–this "pavilion" consisted of three concurrent exhibitions held in rented Airbnb apartments across the city. These showed works by a large cast of international architects and artists, including Jon Rafman, Marlie Mul, Hayley Silverman and Some Women (Morag Keil) on the artist side, and m-a-u-s-e-r, Unu La Unu and Raphael Zuber amongst the architects. Most architects contributed drawings of built or under construction housing projects, whilst the artists were asked to produce imagined interiors, a winking indictment of the role of the artist in contemporary economies. These were mostly printed digitally, for ease of install, tacked like provisional building site notices in bathrooms and by bookshelves, although some artists chose to spill out into mini installation, with Martti Kalliala and Jenna Sutela producing a unique printed curtain for the main bedroom, and Ilya Smirnov sending a stuffed bird via Amazon Prime to accompany their somewhat abstract CAD sketch. The classical soundtrack for Rafman's video of their Jean Gris Dream House (2013)–which included Léo Delibes's "The Flower Duet" sequence from Lakmé, recently used in British Airways adverts–could be heard throughout the apartment.
Left to right: Unu La Unu, House with an outside room; Jasper Spicero, Untitled; Go Hasegawa, House in Gotanda. Photograph by Noah Rabinowitz.
Only open for three days, the pavilion bought into a franchise that is increasingly popular amongst young artists and curators: find a temporary space, install artworks, document, distribute widely and then move on. This was fitting to the context, but was nonetheless also affecting. The architectural sketches, often presenting dramatic alterations of the domestic setting, became strangely elegiac when set in the interchangeable apartments of the global Airbnb city. Inside the apartments, and away from Venice's constant press scrum and picture postcards, you might get the sense you could be anywhere. As the curators detail in an excellent text produced with the architecture weekly Fulcrum for the exhibition: "it is finally certain that people adapt to architecture more than architecture adapts to life."
Left to right: Marlie Mul, Untitled; Stewart Uoo, Confessions; m-a-u-s-e-r, Top 13 Favourite Homes Worldwide. Photograph by Noah Rabinowitz.
Similarly, the visual art felt poised between critical intervention and somehow the obvious thing to encounter in someone else's apartment. Stewart Uoo's video Confessions (2013) was playing on loop on a Macbook Pro left open on a bed–I swear just like my own room when I left it three days ago. A rendering of a clean white-windowed cell by Olivia Erlanger was hung as backdrop to a jacuzzi. The 20th century desire for art to be incorporated into life has left art almost lifelessly comfortable within the products of Apple Incorporated. Most anarchic was Adam Cruces, who managed to come and draw in shaving foam on the mirror. The visual art of course sat perfectly in the context, working through clever quips on real and imagined visions of space. The unaddressed curatorial question was to what extent it might problematise the context.
In fact, this is the question raised by the pavilion more generally: how does an exhibition, such as this, reproduce pre-existing conditions of production, or of life, and to what extent can they challenge or castigate them? At what point does complicity turn into compliance?
The "sharing economy" turns everything in your life into monetizable assets, "democratizing" access to them even as it imposes new social and technological firewalls on the city and domestic space. At the same time it dismantles any worker solidarity through appealing directly to the entrepreneur-as-individual. These are invisible class vectors that will be no stranger to anyone in the art industry. Next time you're at an opening and you find the work boring, consider that these emergent capital formations are what you're looking at as much as anything. The AIRBNB curators were on top of this, and what's more managed to redistribute this as image back into the network that produced it. Perhaps you should rent out one of your museum rooms to them at your next biennial?
James Allsup. Youtube/James Allsup The president of Washington State University's College Republicans, James Allsup, has resigned after they attended the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, local Seattle station King 5 News reported.
Their resignation comes after The College Republican National Committee (CRNC) condemned white supremacy and called on leaders in CRNC who supported "Unite the Right" to resign.
"Advocates for white nationalism, racial supremacy of any kind, and terrorism have no home in the Republican Party or anywhere else in America," Chandler Thornton, the CRNC national chairperson, told King 5. "The National Executive Board for the College Republican National Committee calls on leaders in our organization who may support or condone these events to resign immediately."
Allsup claims they have been planning to resign before they went to the rally, according to King 5.
The "Unite the Right" rally rocked the Charlottesville community after protests became violent. Apparent white supremacist James Fields rammed their car into a crowd of demonstrators, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The rally was called in response to a plan to remove a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville.
QUETTA: Commander Southern Command Lt General Amir Riaz has said that India can take benefit from China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) if it shuns hostility towards Pakistan.
Speaking at an awards distribution ceremony at Balochistan FC Headquarters, they said that India should shun enmity with Pakistan and join the CPEC along with Iran, Afghanistan and other Central Asian countries and enjoy its benefits.
They praised the efforts of the FC personnel in the fight against terrorism. They further added that around 700 FC personnel had laid down their lives defending the country.
They said that Balochistan has faced terrorism at large scale for the last 10 years and the militants have imposed their own ideology on the common people. They said Balochistan is on the path to economic development and the common people could not be misled by the self-exiled leaders anymore.
“The catchy slogans will not work because the people are aware of their designs and they cannot be misled,” Lt General Amir Riaz said.
They said Pakistan and its neighbouring countries could benefit from CPEC projects while the people can enjoy peace and stability by cooperating with the FC.
As the entire team stood together in a circle on the field, it symbolized one of its 2016 themes, creating a united front that stems much further than the locker room of players, but to the community, especially back home in Dallas.
The team will wear an “Arm in Arm” helmet logo that features a star that represents the police and the Cowboys players, and the circle surrounding the star that represents community and unity.
I would like to say thank you to the Dallas Cowboys for lifting a city up today,” Rawlings said in a press conference. “They lifted the city up because they lifted a lot of individuals that have been down up today. Those families, those young kids – to be arm-in-arm with a quarterback, a coach or a big lineman, they'll remember that for the rest of their lives. You know, there are mythic moments in history, in the histories of cities. We went through a terrible one a few weeks ago. This hopefully is a mythic moment to take us to the next level. As I reminded the team today that they'll always be the Cowboys, but this year, play for Dallas like they've never played before.”[embeddedad0]
Chief Brown, an admitted longtime Cowboys fans, not only echoed Rawlings' sentiments, but shared the message they delivered to the players.
“I talked about responsibility and playing a role in our society as pro athletes – to have a voice in the conversation about race, to have a voice in the conversation about communities and police departments and police-involved shootings,” Brown said. “I think that people need to hear, from all parts of society, a discussion on race. It's the toughest discussion that we all have, but it's part of the root cause of some of the problems that we see in some of our communities. I really do believe that sports, entertainment can have an influence on young people if they were able to strike the right chord in the way they talk about some of these issues.”
Brown, who said they had goosebumps all over their body throughout the tribute, again reiterated what a special moment it was to be involved in the start of the Cowboys' training camp.
Croke Park cancel charity GAA match in Mayo
Hope House were to benefit from the game featuring the likes of Willie Joe Padden, Oisin McConville and Joe Brolly on Saturday but the game in Knockmore has had to be cancelled after a row with HQ.
You may remember that last year a charity game was held just before the Ireland final in Mayo, featuring an All-Star cast of former players, all in aid of Cystic Fybrosis. The game was such a success that it was planned to hold another one this year, this time in aid of Hope House in Foxford, a residency for those battling various addiction problems.
A hugely impressive line up was scheduled to attend, with the likes of Willie Joe Padden togging out again for a Mayo selection, who would play a Rest of Ireland team stuffed with stars like Shane Curran, Joe Brolly, Ciaran Whelan and Oisin McConville to name just a few.
But just a few days before throw-in, the game has been cancelled. Initially Knockmore stated on their Facebook page last night that the game was cancelled due to 'circumstances beyond their control' but today a post on their website reveals that Croke Park had a hand in pulling the plug.
“Permission was given for the same game last year," said organiser Eddie McHale. "Permission was initially granted for this year's game. We were subsequently informed by Croke Park that permission was being revoked because the wording on the event poster suggested the game was being organised and run by Hope House and that Knockmore's pitch and facilities was being loaned to them. When our secretary and committee members contacted Croke park to point out that this was not the case and the game was being organised by the club and it's members and that the proceeds were merely going to a local charity we met a brick wall. Croke Park maintained it's position."
McHale went on to have strong words about Croke Park.
"The way we have been treated reinforces the feeling of our members that there are two GAA's, the community based GAA working for the benefit of local people and the corporate GAA at Croke Park."
Here is the poster for the event.
Of course, we contacted Croke Park for their side of the story but the folks in the Communications department have yet to get back to us.
People can still donate to Hope House, and this is the link to their site.
UPDATE: In a statement posted in the Irish Examiner on the cancelled match, the GAA's Alan Milton said:
“The GAA can confirm its public liability and player injury scheme did not extend to cover a proposed charity match in Knockmore this weekend.
“Despite this fixture being planned for six months the first notification received by the Association at central level was one week ago.
“At that juncture full details about the event, including the installation of a marquee – which would require public liability — were not provided.
“The event was being organised for the benefit of a third party charity that was assuming no risk and despite assurances that other bodies were willing to provide cover for the event, evidence of same was never provided.
“The GAA, along with its units, invests significant amounts on an annual basis to cover those involved as players and spectators in our core activities.
“It regrets the inconvenience caused to all involved but stresses that public liability and player injury cover should have been amongst the first considerations in the initial planning process.”
Combining Solar Panels With Agriculture Makes Land More Productive
November 24th, 2017 by Steve Hanley
Solar panels are wonderful things, but they do take up a lot of space, especially for larger, utility-scale systems. In some densely populated countries like China and India, where loss of farmland can lead to hungry people, floating solar farms are being built to take advantage of the surface area of lakes and rivers. Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute For Solar Energy Systems have conducted an experiment near Lake Constance — which borders Germany, Lichtenstein, and Switzerland — regarding another solution.
According to a Fraunhofer press release, the experiment involves 720 bi-facial solar panels covering about a third of a hectare of agricultural land (on the Demeter farm cooperative Heggelbach). The panels are mounted high enough to allow the crops planted below to receive almost as much sunshine as they would if the panels were not there and to permit farm machinery to operate beneath them. After a year of trials, the research showed the dual use system increased the total productivity of the land by 60%.
© Photo Hofgemeinschaft Heggelbach
Fraunhofer refers to the dual use system as “agrophotovoltaics,” or APV. “APV has the potential to open up new space that is urgently needed for the PV expansion in Germany, says professor Hans-Martin Henning, the director of Fraunhofer ISE. “At the same time, APV can mitigate the conflicting interests between agriculture and open space PV systems for viable land. Before market readiness, however, other sectors and differently sized systems still must be tested. Also, the technical integration must be further advanced, for example, the implementation of storage.”
© Photo Fraunhofer ISE
The first crops tested were winter wheat, potatoes, celeriac, and clover grass. “The crop yield of clover grass under the PV array was only 5.3 percent less than the reference plot,” reports professor Petera Högy, an agricultural expert at the University of Hohenheim. The yield for potatoes, wheat and celeriac were about 19 percent less.
“From the perspective of agricultural science, agrophotovoltaics is a promising solution for increasing both the land use efficiency and the share of renewable energy provided by the agricultural sector,” says professor Iris Lewandowski, who heads up the department of biobased products and energy crops at the University of Hohenheim.
The 194 kilowatt solar installation generated 1266 kilowatt-hours of electricity per installed kilowatt, one third more than the average value of 950 kilowatt-hours per kilowatt in Germany. 40% of the power produced was used to charge the batteries of the electric farm equipment and harvest crops. The team believes 70% of the energy could be utilized if a storage battery was included in the system. Any excess electricity was sold to Elektrizitätswerke Schönau, an electric utility company that uses 100% renewable energy and is a partner in the project.
“In order to provide the necessary proof-of-concept before market entry, we need to compare further techno-economical applications of APV, demonstrate the transferability to other regional areas and also realize larger systems,” says project manager Stephan Schindele. Experiments involving solar in combination with fruits, berries, hops, and grapes are planned for the future, along with various technologies such as energy storage, special films with organic solar cells, and solar PV water treatment systems.
While more research is needed, the initial results indicate that APV is a significant step forward for solar power in agricultural settings.
https://static01.nyt.com/images/2015/12/09/multimedia/energy-kerry/energy-kerry-facebookJumbo.jpg
PARIS — Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday that they would sell an agreement on tackling climate change to the American people almost entirely as a jobs and economic issue.
“This is the most extraordinary market opportunity in the history of humankind,” Mr. Kerry said at The International New York Times Energy for Tomorrow conference in Paris.
In a conversation with the New York Times columnist Thomas L. Friedman, Mr. Kerry said that investing in renewable energy to lower carbon dioxide emissions was a far bigger opportunity than the information technology boom in the United States.
“I think there are millions of jobs to be created in this,” they said, referring to people “who would build and service and profit from this transformation.”
Mr. Kerry pointed out that the climate agreement being negotiated in Paris would not need to go before the United States Congress for debate.
Asked whether they thought putting the deal before Congress would strengthen it, they referred broadly to the gridlock that increasingly paralyzes the Senate, as well as to the rejection by many members of Congress to established climate science that indicates the earth is warming because of the burning of fossil fuels.
“If you were going to have a legitimate debate …” Mr. Kerry said, without elaborating.
Mr. Kerry has been speaking to various groups across Paris this week and engaging in diplomatic efforts to support a climate agreement that they say is crucial for world stability and survival. They made their remarks at the International New York Times conference, which is in its second and final day, to an audience that included a large number of businesspeople.
Mr. Kerry said they expected a new draft of the United Nations agreement — the result of several days of committee meetings and negotiations — to be ready around noon in Paris on Wednesday. Then everyone would be able to see what any potential problems there were, they said.
Mr. Kerry said the market for renewable energy sources and other types of clean energy would “explode” if the right deal was struck in Paris. Repeating a theme they have used recently, they said the energy transformation would be “business-driven,” combined with “consumer demand and voter demand.”
Mr. Kerry also praised China's participation at the talks. “I think China has already made a huge difference,” they said, particularly in helping to bring many other countries into the process.
“I understand their concerns,” they said. “I hope we can address them.”
Their comments were echoed by Fatih Birol, the executive director of the International Energy Agency, a Paris-based energy security group, who addressed the conference after Mr. Kerry's departure.
Mr. Birol said that China, which declared the highest alert for air pollution in Beijing this week, had put in place major efforts to curb CO2 emissions, and that it was now by far the world's biggest investor in renewable energy like wind and solar power.
“In my view, China doesn't get the credit it deserves,” Mr. Birol said at the conference.
Mr. Kerry was also asked about diplomatic issues, including developments in Syria and Iran, as well as their views on comments by the Republican presidential candidate Donald J. Trump to bar foreign Muslims from entering the United States.
At first, Mr. Kerry said only that such remarks made their job and United States diplomatic efforts at large more difficult. “That's about as diplomatic as I can make it,” they added. “That is not America. That is not our Constitution.”
Later, they came back to the topic, saying that they had long admired a plaque in the Capitol that reads simply, “Tolerance.” The United States, they said, had spent a lot of effort and “a lot of blood” to uphold such ideals.
Fix for lost deck unlocks
{LINK REMOVED}
{LINK REMOVED}
{LINK REMOVED}
{LINK REMOVED}
{LINK REMOVED}
C:\Program Files\Steam\userdata\YOUR USER DATA NUMBER HERE
The only way to "fix" this issue is to replace your user profile with a profile that has all the unlocks already.Download:Base 10 decks fully unlocked:Base 10 decks + 5 expansion decks fully unlocked:Base 10 decks + 5 expansion decks + deck pack 1 decks fully unlocked:Base 10 decks + 5 expansion decks + deck pack 1 decks + deck pack 2 decks fully unlocked:Base 10 decks + 5 expansion decks + deck pack 1 decks + deck pack 2 decks + deck pack 3's Rogue's Gallery fully unlocked (Mana Mastery and Sky and Scale refuse to save due to a glitch, if you want Sky and Scale then use the download above but you miss out on Rogue's Gallery so you need to pick which deck you prefer. I'll upload a save file with all unlocks when/if Stainless fix this glitch):Go to your user data directory eg:And delete or rename the folder called "97330" and replace with the folder and files in 97330.zip.Now the file called "YOUR USER DATA NUMBER GOES HERE.profile" needs to be renamed to your user data number.Now you need to disable cloud sync. Go to library in Steam, right click MtG DotP 2013, go properties, under the updates tab uncheck the "Enable Steam Cloud sync" box.Run the game, you now have all decks with full unlocks.Remember to make backups of your user profiles in case you mess up and lose your data.You will NOT be banned for this, DotP doesn't even use VAC.There is NO way for you to get your old save profile back, it is gone forever.
(Newser) – Daniel Metzgar had penile implant surgery in December 2009 to improve their love life after trying other measures unsuccessfully ... and let's just say the surgery worked a little too well. The Delaware truck driver says they were left with an erection that didn't go away for eight months, according to their medical malpractice lawsuit, which is being heard this week. But attorneys for the urologist who performed the procedure say Metzgar should have known there was a problem when, by their own admission, their scrotum swelled to volleyball size. But, they say, Metzgar didn't alert the doctor that anything was wrong until April.
At that point, the urologist told them the prosthesis—a three-piece inflatable implant involving shaft cylinders, a fluid reservoir, and a pump—had to be removed. The urologist claims Metzgar then didn't do anything for months, the News Journal reports. Metzgar says the urologist wanted $10,000, which they didn't have; they had lost their insurance after the initial procedure. Here's where you may want to look away if you have a weak stomach: Metzgar finally had the implant removed in August 2010, after tubing from the prosthesis pierced their scrotum. Even so, they got another prosthesis that works correctly, but they claim all the problems with the first one left them 50% smaller than they used to be down there. (Read more strange stuff stories.)
Oh hey, looks like the big fight is finally out! I've kinda been in on it for 3 years now. Congrats to the whole team, it's been worth the wait.
So I was actually scouted by Toby, for Andrew, about 3 years ago while we were still working on Homestrife. I did sprites for Rose, Roxy and Meenah. It looks like most of my stuff for Rose and Roxy were used, hard to tell on Meenah. I think some was used.
The above sprites are just some of the ones I did. Here's all the files that I sent in! I know the fandom is pretty voracious in getting hands on assets, so go nuts with these.
Andrew and Toby: If this post somehow goes past your screen, thanks for giving me the opportunity to be involved in the fandom in an official capacity!
1.) uber cool Aperture Labs Coffee Mug, this will be constantly full of hot tea and coffee to keep me hydrated while I game. 2.) Bioshock Eve Hypo Syringe just in case I need a fix!!!
My Secret Santa said there is more on the way! I can't believe it. I am so happy to participate in the exchange. Best gifts ever. Thanks again SS.
UPDATE* The rest of my secret santa gifts have arrived!
I have bacon gum which I sampled and it really does taste like bacon!. I have bacon chocolate that looks delicious. I am very excited to read the Dune books, all 3 of them. I realy enjoyed seeing where you purchase the books along with the magnet. I placed the magnet on the fridge and gave it a really good spot. I can't get over all the cool stuff you sent me, really nailed it.
Bacon Candle!?
I'll have to get some friends together to play the zombie game.
Saving the best for last, Original Art work done just for me. My secret santa painted me an AMAZING Bioshock Painting along with a Portal Companion Cube. These will be proudly displayed in my gamer cave!
Daily Crush: Skin Underwear by Björn Borg
Tennisman-turned-underwear mogul Björn Borg introduces their Skin Collection: six types skin-toned boxer shorts meant to match most people's natural "nude" shade. The collection launched on Racial Discrimination Day, a United Nation inititative to promote human rights and equality for all.
“Nude is not a color; it's a concept that everybody should have the right to enjoy," said Björn Borg marketing director Jonas Lindberg Nyvang. "We call it six shades of human and the reason to our launch on the UN Racial Discrimination Day is that the political climate in Europe has been very tough as of late and it is time to show color. This is our contribution to that debate."
The recent trend of "nude" underwear (and dresses and shoes) has started causing an issue in the US as well, as the design industry is criticized for equating a "nude" sensation with wearing a light pink-beige.
However, 84% of the world's population has a skin tone that doesn't fit into that concept. The skin tones in Bjorn Börg's new collection were chosen according to the six colors of human skin determined by the Fitzpatrick skin scale --the same used on your updated emoji keyboard.
For men, it consists of six boxer shorts, made in blend of breathable and stretchy microfibre material, for a close-to-nothing wearing sensation. It's a small step for fashion, but a big one for humanity.
$32.95 each, BjornBorg.com
As a student I was taught (and this will date me) that macroeconomics (the study of the economy as a whole) was essentially governed by two alternative views – Keynesianism and Monetarism. Keynesians believed that the economy could be brought out of recession by increased government expenditure, or expansionary fiscal policy as paraphrased by this famous quote from The General Theory:
If the Treasury were to fill old bottles with bank-notes, bury them at suitable depths in disused coal-mines which are then filled up to the surface with town rubbish, and leave it to private enterprise on well-tried principles of laissez-faire to dig the notes up again … there need be no more unemployment and, with the help of repercussions, the real income of the community, and its capital wealth, would probably become a good deal greater than it actually is.
If you think it a bit odd that economic growth can come about from useless activity such as this you would not be alone. Nevertheless, the above forms the basis of most governments' responses to the aftermath of the global financial crisis. Just substitute building school halls for digging up bottles.
Monetarists were sceptical about the ability of government to stabilise the economy through changes in taxes and, particularly, government expenditure. They believed that control of the money supply had a much greater role in stabilising the economy.
The term “helicopter money” was coined in the 1960s by the leader of the monetarist school, US economist Milton Friedman (who 40 years ago this year was awarded the Nobel prize in economics). They posited the hypothetical situation where, in order to increase economic activity and inflation, banknotes were dropped out of a helicopter as a a one off event.
Let us suppose now that one day a helicopter flies over this community and drops an additional $1,000 in bills from the sky, which is, of course, hastily collected by members of the community. Let us suppose further that everyone is convinced that this is a unique event which will never be repeated.
They reasoned that people finding the money (in much the same way as households receiving $900 under Wayne Swan's post crisis giveaway) would generally spend it and thereby boost consumption.
It is now generally accepted that helicopter money and fiscal expansion are essentially the same thing. In practice the government would increase expenditure (which could include giving tax cuts, increasing social security benefits or even “gifts” to households). This would be financed by the “printing of money” by the central bank. In practice this means a data entry in bank accounts rather than actual printing of banknotes. The basic principle is that the central bank such as the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) can provide money to the government, without the government having to pay interest or repay the debt.
Printing money fell out of favour with most economists years ago but is now undergoing something of a resurgence having been suggested by such eminent people as Ben Bernanke as a possibility since quantitative easing (QE), a related form of monetary expansion, is proving a failure.
Under QE a central bank creates new money and uses it to purchase assets from other banks. The money the banks receive for the assets makes it easier for firms and households to obtain loans; interest rates fall and consumers and businesses will borrow and spend, boosting expenditure on goods services and investment which increases employment and GDP. Unfortunately, falls in real interest rates to zero or negative have been singularly unsuccessful in reviving economies, particularly Japan.
By contrast, helicopter money does not involve central bank asset purchases. Rather, it involves permanent central bank financing of a government expenditure such as a cash grant to the general public. As such, it seeks to promote economic recovery by directly stimulating aggregate demand.
Most textbooks point to the role of monetary expansion in fuelling inflation. Extreme examples are the hyperinflation experiences of Germany between the two World Wars and, more recently of Zimbabwe and Venezuela, which resulted from governments attempting to pay for unsustainable increases in expenditure by printing money.
There is little doubt that if printing money is successful in reviving an economy, eventually there will be inflation. Most central banks, particularly the RBA, have set controlling inflation as their major goal of monetary policy.
Apart from the inflationary impact of printing money it is also removing an important constraint on irresponsible government spending in that governments can increase spending without raising extra taxes. But eventually spending must be paid for by households and firms meaning less productive activity, employment and growth in the private sector.
It also threatens the independence of central banks since they are forced to accommodate the wish of governments. This contradicts the current understanding between Treasury and the RBA in Australia and is even illegal in some countries.
Even advocates of fiscal and monetary stimulus consider that they can only address short-run fluctuations in the economy. The various “stimuluses” have been going on now for eight years with little or no discernible effect on economic growth. This is hardly surprising given that growth entails adding value to inputs to produce goods and services people want at prices they are willing to pay.
Value adding is best done by the private sector and cannot arise from wasteful government expenditure, accumulating debt or printing money. Growth (and jobs) can only arise from value adding activities and government policies which facilitate this such as reducing debt, promoting free trade, reducing restrictions on business and labour market reform.
This is hard to do and far more difficult than easy options such as printing money, which explains why neither side of politics appears to have the stomach for real reform.
In recent years, same-sex marriage has been legalized in some parts of the United States and in 15 countries worldwide, in part because of the public's changing views about the subject and because of increasing acceptance of homosexuality. But these shifts aren't universal. When the Pew Research Center surveyed the publics in 39 countries this year about views of homosexuality, we found a polarized world, with broad acceptance of homosexuality in North America, the European Union and much of Latin America and equally widespread rejection in predominantly Muslim countries and in Africa, as well as in parts of Asia and Russia.
We also found a strong relationship between a country's religiosity and opinions about homosexuality, with far less acceptance in countries where religion is central to people's lives. Russia is a clear outlier, where there is less acceptance of homosexuality than the country's low level of religiosity would suggest, and Brazil and the Philippines, where people are far more accepting than one might expect given their relatively high levels of religiosity.
The link between religiosity and acceptance of homosexuality explains, at least in part, why acceptance of homosexuality among Americans is low relative to other wealthy countries, particularly Canada and Western European nations, where religion is less central to people's lives than in the U.S. Fully 60% of Americans say homosexuality should be accepted by society, compared with 88% in Spain, 87% in Germany, 80% in Canada, 77% in France, 76% in Britain and 74% in Italy.
Half of Americans consider religion to be very important in their lives, compared with 30% or less in Canada and Western Europe. In Britain and France, fewer than one-in-five say religion is very important to them (17% and 13% respectively).
When asked how often they pray outside of attending religious services, far more Americans than Canadians and Western Europeans say they pray at least once a day. And while more than half of Americans say it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral and have good values, solid majorities in France (85%), Spain (80%), Britain (78%), Italy (71%), Canada (67%) and Germany (66%) say this is not the case.
Here are more detailed results on global views of homosexuality and survey methodology.
Updated May 27, 2014: The original version of this report included public opinion data on the connection between religion and morality in China that has since been found to have been in error. Specifically, the particular survey item that asked whether one needed to believe in a higher power or God to be a moral person was mistranslated on the China questionnaire, rendering the results incomparable to the remaining 39 countries. For this reason, the data from China has been removed from the current version of the report, re-released in May 2014.
For further information, please contact info@pewresearch.org.
Topics: Gay Marriage and Homosexuality, Religion and Society, Social Values
FEATURED DOCUMENTARIES
Red Cry 2013, History In 1492 the indigenous Arawak people of the Caribbean Islands encountered Christopher Columbus of Spain. Columbus wrote in their log: "They would make fine servants... With fifty men we could subjugate them all and make them do whatever we want."... Watch now → ★ 8.64
The Magic of the Unconscious 2011, Science When you look at a person for a first time, whether you want or not, you've already passed judgment. In a split second you've already decided if you find that person trustworthy, competent, or likable. Your brain is a state-of-the-art marvel, managing... Watch now → ★ 8.32
Crash Course: Ecology 2012, Environment With a solid understanding of biology, it's time for the long view - how the living things interact with and influence each other and their environments. Life is powerful, and in order to understand how living systems work, you first have to... Watch now → ★ 7.72
INCENTIVE
Documentary Film is a broad category of visual expression that is based on the attempt, in one fashion or another, to document reality. Knowledge comes in different ways through our five senses. Hearing, watching, touching, smelling and tasting are the only doorways to the outer world. The wise men say that if something is not truly experienced with all our five senses, the experience will be partial, not total. Therefore in a way almost all our gained knowledge through life is partial. And maybe they are right. If we follow that analogy, gaining knowledge through several senses simultaneously is better than through just one. So, educating through watching educational videos, in this case documentaries, is really a total different experience than educating only on books. Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to undermine the books in any way. Having said that, lets go and check out some great docs right here, right now. You can If we follow that analogy, gaining knowledge through several senses simultaneously is better than through just one. So, educating through watching educational videos, in this case, is really a total different experience than educating only on books. Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to undermine the books in any way. Having said that, lets go and check out some great docs right here, right now. You can browse all documentaries , check out the complete documentary list or top 100 docs . Also you can always browse documentaries by categories from the sidebar if you feel like.
FEATURED DOCUMENTARIES
TTIP: Might is Right 2015, Economics The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or TTIP, is a free trade agreement currently under negotiations between Europe and the United States. As shown in the insightful new documentary TTIP: Might is Right, this agreement has stirred a... Watch now → ★ 8.69
Dressed to Live: Wildlife Styles 2013, Nature Dressed to Live playfully explores the "fashion sense" of the animal kingdom by taking viewers on a global tour and educating them on the many purposes of skin, feathers, fur and even glands in facilitating communication, reproduction, defense, and... Watch now → ★ 7.68
ESSENCE
Networking, while a necessary business activity in Singapore, can be a real bother for those not familiar with this type of work. But it had to be done, as this is one part of a lead generation campaign. How you do your networking work will determine the success or failure of your campaign in terms of generating B2B leads. But it is needed not have to be that difficult. As long as you know what methods to use, like in telemarketing, as well as the people you need to meet, then you will be able to succeed.
Get out of your comfort zone – networking requires some degree of discomfort, since you will be speaking to prospects for the first time. Staying in your comfort zone will only make your productivity languish. Know where to make the introductions – whether you are on the phone doing appointment setting work, or maybe meeting prospects already in person, knowing where to introduce yourself and the business you are offering is important. An ill-timed sales pitch will only result in you losing sales leads. Be prepared – in cases where you will meet prospects face to face, always have a business card at the ready. Also, study the business of your prospects, as well as how your product offer can help them grow. That way, you will not be taken by surprise.
These are tried and tested tactics that can help in your networking work. Do it right, and it can make your lead generation campaign in Singapore more successful.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Paul Wood and cameraman Fred Scott visited the war-torn city of Aleppo
After many hours of waiting in the pitch black and freezing cold for the bakery to open, the crush of men at the head of the queue started drumming on the doors in frustration.
An activist was explaining to me how the bread shortage in rebel-held parts of Aleppo was another crime to be heaped on the head of Bashar al-Assad.
They were waved away by a stout matron in a hijab and long black coat.
"Don't blame Bashar. What's happening to us is of our own making," they said as, behind her, Free Syrian Army (FSA) fighters struggled to keep order.
It is widely believed in Aleppo that the bread shortage was caused by the FSA stealing flour to sell elsewhere.
An FSA officer confirmed as much when I asked them if this had been done by individual fighters or was ordered by commanders to fund their operations.
"Both," they said, "including my own brigade." They added, ruefully: "We are all thieves."
It was a joke, and their men erupted in laughter, but they meant it seriously, too.
'Syrian mujahideen'
The beneficiaries of this are the hardline Islamists, especially Jabhat al-Nusra, or the Nusra Front.
They have now taken over distribution of flour to bakeries in rebel-held areas of Aleppo.
None of the FSA brigades - all accusing each other of looting - trusted anyone else, the officer told me.
The Nusra Front is outside the FSA and has a reputation for discipline and honesty. It is also a jihadi group behind most of the suicide bombings in Syria and as such is on a US blacklist of terrorist organisations.
Nusra Front Aims to establish Islamist state in Syria
Leader - Abu Mohammad al-Jawlani
5,000 official members (approx.), supported by thousands of others
Apparently has members inside government and military
Big guerrilla attacks on rural government targets; lower level urban attacks
Uses car bombings, suicide attacks, targets media facilities and personalities
Policy of silence Source: Quilliam Foundation New insight into Nusra Front Profile: Syria's al-Nusra Front
It announced itself to the world one year ago in an internet video that claimed several recent car bombings.
A masked man on the video declared: "We are Syrian mujahedeen, back from various jihad fronts to restore God's rule on the Earth and avenge the Syrians' violated honour and spilled blood."
They went on: "Every free and noble man must take up arms, even if they have to sell their furniture to do so… Oh people of manliness! Jabhat al-Nusra has taken upon itself to be the Muslim nation's weapon in this land."
The Nusra Front is a feared and a secretive organisation but after long negotiation we were able to speak to an emir, or senior commander.
As you might expect, the emir, Abu Lokman, set out a vision of Syria as an Islamic state ruled under Sharia.
This was not a fight for democracy.
"In the name of God, praise is to God and peace upon our Prophet Muhammad," they began, "the people in Syria are religious by nature."
"They like Islam. People here are fed up with socialist and secular regimes. They are all looking forward to an Islamic state. It is impossible there could be anything else in Syria."
Teaspoon of explosives
Abu Lokman was in their thirties and had been a student before being arrested by the regime in 2008.
They were active on jihadi internet forums and joined Jabhat al-Nusra while it was still a secret organisation, six months before the video announcing its existence.
Image caption Abu Lokman said the West was afraid of Islamists' long beards
They wore a ski-mask for our interview, a necessary precaution against the regime's spies, they explained.
Outside their office were bearded fighters, including two in Yemeni dress, carrying traditional curved knives along with their Kalashnikovs and wearing the short dish-dasha of the pious.
A bag of explosives was delivered, a sample sent by a dealer. It was white powder - probably ground-up fertiliser and diesel. It was tested by setting a teaspoonful on fire. It burned very nicely.
I asked: How do you justify suicide bombings which might kill civilians?
"It's not just us who use suicide bombings; many other factions of the FSA do.
"The regime plants car bombs among civilians and accuses us of doing it to destroy our reputation... God forbid we take any civilian lives, whether Muslims or non-Muslims, Christians or others."
The United States calls you a terrorist group, I said.
"The West is afraid of our long beards - even though the Jews grow their beards, too.
"Muslims are portrayed in the West as savages. The West is conspiring against us
"When the US placed us on their list of terrorists, it did us no harm, it elevated our reputation. The Syrian people hate the American government. Thanks be to God, we consider this a medal of honour."
Are you al-Qaeda, I asked.
"We both use the same language, the same terminology as we are all Arabic speakers. But there is no connection [between Jabhat al-Nusra and al-Qaeda] - we are Syrians."
What if the US and others wanted to bomb the regime?
"We are not campaigning for or against this. Of course, if they destroy the regime's military posts, that is in our favour. But we don't want an intervention because we are the people of this country and we are able to defend our own country."
'Non-sectarian'
This was the first broadcast interview by a member of Jabhat al-Nusra's leadership.
The emir was being cautious.
This was a Syrian fight, not part of a wider jihad. They had no hostile intent to any other states - as long as they did not support the regime.
There would be no sectarian attacks against Syria's minorities. Christians, especially, had nothing to fear.
"Our religion allows us to marry Christians, eat your food and live amongst you.
"We have many fatwas telling us not to exploit the Christians' blood and possessions. Christ is our prophet too - how much do you love Christ? I love them more than you do."
Image caption As the emir was being interviewed, a trail of supplicants came and went
When not attending to military matters, the emir dealt with a variety of requests.
A trail of supplicants came and went.
It was clear how important the group had become to daily life here.
A man had run out of cooking gas. Another complained their sons would not support them in their old age.
A widow begged for help in getting their inheritance from their dead husband's family. A man asked for help in freeing their cousin, arrested by an FSA brigade.
The man detained was a tribal elder accused of having had a "loyalty tent", where before the revolution people would chat under a framed picture of the president.
Their family said they had been told the price of their release would be several million Syrian pounds (tens of thousands of UK pounds or US dollars).
We heard many such stories of people arrested - kidnapped might be a better term - based on flimsy claims of a connection to the regime.
Demands for money often followed. Raising a voice in protest could invite the deadly allegation of being a Shabiha, a member of the brutal regime militia.
Sharia court
The atmosphere in Aleppo has a touch of Paris in 1944: the mistrust and the score settling, the finger-pointing at collaborators, real or imagined.
In our block of flats, if people spot a car full of FSA fighters coming to arrest someone, they swarm onto the street to try to stop them.
We heard about a man whose new car was seized at an FSA checkpoint.
They complained to the Nusra Front. The FSA brigade concerned brought witnesses who swore they were a Shabiha and they were thrown into jail.
They were later freed - and their car returned - after the Nusra Front assigned the case to Aleppo's new Sharia court.
The Sharia court is being set up by the Nusra Front along with three of the more Islamist brigades of the FSA.
It is supposed to be an alternative to the secular justice system formerly run by the Syrian state and to operate in parallel with it.
But its influence can already be felt widely.
Difficult problems, which cannot otherwise be solved, are sent over to the court.
An FSA official had been too nervous to grant us a permit to film at the bakery, for instance.
"Often people in bread queues start chanting slogans against the FSA," he'd said.
They directed us instead to the Sharia court, which provided the necessary piece of paper.
All of this is happening as the battle for Aleppo continues.
The day after we left, an air strike hit a block of flats in the area where we had been staying, leaving some 26 people buried under the rubble.
But the war seems more distant, the bombing and shelling an occasional interruption rather than a constant thump, gripping the stomach in a permanent spasm of fear.
The regime's forces are bottled up in a few bases; the areas of "liberated" territory expanding.
Taste of ashes
The FSA always suspected that Aleppo's heart was never really in the revolution.
Image caption Many in Aleppo support the FSA but others turn to hardline groups
Now the shopkeepers, farmers and small business people of the countryside are in charge in large parts of the city.
They are discovering that victory has a taste of ashes.
"Free Aleppo" has eight-hour bread queues, power cuts, children scavenging for rubbish to burn and trees in the parks all cut down for firewood.
Some people here - many in fact - still support the FSA, but amid the chaos and shortages, and the problems of the FSA's own making, others are turning to hardline groups such as the Nusra Front, attracted by their reputation for discipline and honesty, bravery and piety.
They will undoubtedly have a big say in Syria's future.
What does this mean for Western governments debating whether to intervene?
Taking tea in a neighbour's shop, I met a 30-year-old Nusra Front fighter called Abdullah.
"The Nusra Front is the son of al-Qaeda," they told me.
"We are this close," they went on, rubbing their two index fingers together.
They had worked in a woman's clothes shop before the revolution. And after the revolution?
"No more dresses," they said. They would take the jihad to Somalia, Mali, Jordan, Iraq, "wherever there are Muslims".
Western governments, then, face a dilemma.
If arms are allowed to reach the Syrian rebels, they could end up in the hands of radical Islamists.
But if moderates in the uprising are not identified and supported, power will flow to the best organised and most disciplined fighters. At the moment, those are the jihadists.
The F.C.C. order “could open the Internet to regulation from all 50 states,” Mr. Walden said, and was little more than the Obama administration's attempt to use the regulatory process “to make an end run around” the Court of Appeals ruling.
Representative Henry A. Waxman, a California Democrat, warned of dire consequences should the resolution be approved. “This is a bill that will end the Internet as we know it and threaten the jobs, investment and prosperity that the Internet has brought to America,” Mr. Waxman said.
It is likely that Democrats in the Senate can defeat the measure, but by no means is that certain. The joint resolution was initiated under the Congressional Review Act, meaning that it cannot be filibustered and requires the support of only 30 senators to bring it to the floor.
President Obama courted Silicon Valley supporters during their campaign by promising to enact a “net neutrality” provision, as the F.C.C.'s order is known. Advisers to the president have said that they will veto the resolution; it would then take a vote by two-thirds of each house of Congress to override the veto.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In addition to opposing the F.C.C.'s order in Congress, some broadband providers, including Verizon, have said they will challenge the order in court. Those challenges can begin once the regulations become final, in a few months. Last year, the appeals court ruled that the F.C.C. did not prove it had the authority to sanction another major Internet provider, Comcast, for blocking access to the file-sharing service BitTorrent.
During the debate on Friday, each side accused the other of safeguarding the interests of big companies. Democrats said that Republicans were protecting the interests of the cable and phone company giants that are the dominant providers of broadband Internet service to American households. Those companies generally oppose the F.C.C. order, because they believe they need to be able to direct traffic on their networks as they see fit.
Republicans countered by accusing Democrats of protecting big technology companies, like Google, Amazon and Netflix, that have become successful because of the lack of Internet regulation but which now want to protect their turf from new competitors.
Each side in the debate also accused the other of adopting the position of totalitarian regimes in Iran and China by favoring limitations on Internet sites that people can view. Republicans said the F.C.C.'s Internet order formalizes government control of the Internet, giving it the power to determine winners and losers among Internet start-ups.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Democrats, in turn, said that without the F.C.C.'s open Internet policy, broadband companies that also own content providers, like Comcast's ownership of NBC, would be free to block the Web sites of competitors. Six Democrats voted with the majority on the resolution, while two Republicans voted against the bill.
Few of the debaters raised some of the more technical issues that are at the center of the debate over broadband regulation, like specialized services and tiered rates. Specialized services, for which a broadband company uses part of its Internet pipeline to deliver dedicated services to specific customers, worry regulators who fear that companies will invest more to develop those more profitable offerings while neglecting to update basic broadband service.
Representative Lee Terry, a Nebraska Republican, said during the debate that supporters of the F.C.C.'s order wanted “to give the F.C.C. power over business plans,” by restricting the ability of broadband service companies to offer tiered service, for which customers pay based on the amount of Internet bandwidth they use.
Just as a customer at a fast-food restaurant pays more for a large Coke than for a small one, Mr. Terry said, Internet companies should be free to charge customers more if they consume a greater amount of bandwidth because of heavy use of features like streaming video.
Chad Love Lieberman is a bit of a hanger on.
 They are a New York DJ and rap star.
They insured their testicles for $1,400,000.
They hang out with Paris Hilton (maybe those two facts are related)
He's been accredited by the Museum of Modern Art.
Their artwork sells for tens of thousands.
According to their press releases anyway.
Their website art4love certainly sells artwork… but are they all his?
A number of deviantArt creators including Alex Garner noticed that the website was selling “one of a kind” prints of their comic book work for hundreds of dollars. Contacting Chad saw the website suddenly shut down and its YouTube account deleted, as if to avoid peering eyes. Even their social media gaming site mindspot.com also vanished off the face of the earth. Thankfully much of art4love.com was mirrored here and a number of people are currently going over it with a fine ink brush.
Oh and, yes, he's Vice-Presidential nominee Joseph Lieberman's nephew.
They must be so proud.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Gone are the days where you had to worry about your legs during long airplane rides as there's a new airline seat design which aims to offer adjustable legroom top ease out some pain of flying.
As explained in a patent application by B/A Aerospace, the seats would accommodate the different heights of passengers by rolling backwards and forwards on the tracks already present on the aircraft's floor, meaning if a tall person wanted more legroom, they could have it at the expense of passengers shorter than them, News.com.au.
Passengers would have to provide their height information once they check in, after which the flight crew would use an app that controls the movement of the seats' gears and adjust the seats accordingly.
However, while this may be good news for taller travellers, it was very much possible that shorter passengers won't like sacrificing their legroom.
Image caption "Google spins an invisible web of our personal data," said the DPA chairperson.
Google breached Dutch data protection laws by combining data on users of its different services, said the Netherlands' privacy watchdog.
The decision came after a seven-month investigation into changes Google made to its privacy policy.
The changes were made in March 2012 and meant Google gathered data on people who used more than one of its services.
Google said it provided specific information to users about the data it collected on them.
In a summary of its findings, the Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA) said that Google's policy did not do enough to specify what it was collecting data for.
Dutch data laws do allow information to be gathered about individuals but only for a particular purpose or business goal. Because Google did not set out exactly what it was doing with data it was "acting in breach" of the country's laws, said the DPA in a statement.
In addition, said the DPA, Google had not done enough to win consent from its users to grab data in the first place. The search giant had to work harder to get "unambiguous" consent from users to combine data.
Google had also failed to put in place good enough safeguards to ensure data about the same user across services was combined legitimately, added the DPA.
"Google spins an invisible web of our personal data, without consent," said Jacob Kohnstamm, DPA chairperson in a statement. "That is forbidden by law."
In response, Google said it did give users detailed information about the data it was collecting and what would be done with it.
"Our privacy policy respects European law and allows us to create simpler, more effective services," it said in a statement. "We have engaged fully with the Dutch DPA throughout this process and will continue to do so going forward."
Saudi forces on Monday targeted Yemeni Houthi militiamen across the border after the fighters fired at an army outpost.
The fighting comes as a Saudi-led Arab coalition resumed air strikes on the Iranian-allied Houthi militia positions in and around the southern Yemeni city of Aden overnight after a five-day humanitarian truce expired on Sunday.
Bombings struck the rebel-held presidential palace in Aden, groups of militiamen on the western and eastern approaches to the city as well as the international airport where Houthis and local fighters have been clashing, said residents.
There was no word on any casualties.
Explosions could be heard near the southern city's airport and the districts of Khor Maksar and Crater shortly after the five-day ceasefire expired on Sunday.
Yemen's foreign minister told Reuters the Saudi-led coalition had decided not to renew the truce because the agreement had been repeatedly broken by the Houthi militias.
"That's what we said before -- that if they start again, we will start again," said Reyad Yassin Abdullah from Yemen's exiled government in Riyadh.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Monday Washington supported extending a "humanitarian pause" in the fighting in Yemen, but that maneuvers by Houthi militias made that difficult.
"We know that the Houthis were engaged in moving some missile-launching capacity to the border and under the rules of engagement, it was always understood that if there were proactive moves by one side or another, then that would be in violation of the ceasefire agreement," Kerry told reporters in the South Korean capital.
The Houthi militias were not immediately available for comment.
Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies have been conducting an offensive against the Houthis and units loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh for more than six weeks, saying the rebels are backed by Iran.
The campaign has yet to reverse the Houthis' advance into Aden and along battlefronts across Yemen's south.
A five-day truce that started on Tuesday night halted the air strikes and allowed humanitarian aid into the blockaded country, though residents of the remote southern provinces of Shabwa, Dhalea and Abyan said heavy ground fighting persisted despite the agreed pause.
Since Tuesday, Saudi-led forces and the Houthi militias had largely observed the ceasefire meant to allow delivery of food, fuel and medical supplies to millions of Yemenis caught in the conflict since the alliance began air strikes on March 26.
The coalition was not considering any new ceasefire according to Yemen's foreign minister Reyad Yassin Abdullah.
(With Reuters)
Last Update: Monday, 18 May 2015 KSA 15:00 - GMT 12:00
While perusing the grocery store the other week, there was a ‘buy one, get one free' option for meat. I saw these really cool thin cut round steaks; never seen something like this before so I nabbed two. Stuck them in the freezer until I figured out what I was going to do with them – make low carb napoleans! The savory, meaty, cheesy version of a napolean.
I layered the meat rounds with roasted eggplant rounds, fresh basil leaves, tomato slices and buffalo mozzarella slices, then broiled it. I even bought a cute lil basil plant, so I could use basil leaves. This was a fun dish to make, lots of room for creativity, so involve the kids if you want to see some interesting results.
Low Carb Napoleans Print Recipe A fun, stackable meaty cheesy yummy meal Low Carb Napoleans Print Recipe A fun, stackable meaty cheesy yummy meal Ingredients 2 Tomatoes
1 Eggplant
10 Steak Rounds
Salt And Pepper
10 Basil Leaves
2 Mozzarella Balls Large Optional Shredded Mozzarella Servings: Instructions First - Eggplant Prep. Using a vegetable peeler, peel vertical stripes along your eggplant. This makes it so it's easy to cut up with the rest of the food, and doesn't have 'eggplant cling skin' going on. Cut eggplant into rounds and liberally salt to 'sweat' the eggplant. After about 10 minutes, wipe down your eggplant slices and put them on a baking sheet, douse some olive oil on them and put them into the oven for 20 minutes. While your eggplant is a'roastin, time to prep the meat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and put a skillet on the stove top, heat up some olive oil and cook your rounds for about 20 seconds per side. Yup, it's THAT fast. Set them aside. Now slice up your tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella into slices. By now, your eggplant should be ready to take out. It should be soft to the touch. Turn on your broiler to high. On a baking sheet, set up six rounds, then layer with the tomatoes, mozzarella, basil leaves, and eggplant. Get creative and crazy with your order. I had meat on the bottom, then eggplant, then more meat, then mozzarella, basil leaf then tomato on top. Sprinkle if desired with shredded cheeses. Broil for about 4 - 5 minutes (depending on your broiler). Remove and enjoy!! Share this Recipe Powered by WP Ultimate Recipe
To read this announcement in other languages, click here.
Today we debuted the first cinematic trailer for our next game, Mass Effect™: Andromeda. While we are still many months away from the game's release date in holiday 2016, we're excited to show you a bit of where we're at. First, though, some background on the game itself.
When we wrapped up the original Mass Effect trilogy with Mass Effect 3: Citadel in early 2013, planning and design on Mass Effect: Andromeda was already well underway. We knew we wanted to start with a foundation composed of the best parts of any Mass Effect game: exciting new worlds to discover, great characters, and intense action. At the same time, we clearly wanted to expand the definition of what you should expect from a Mass Effect game.
While we aren't ready to go into too many details just yet, as you saw in the trailer and can tell by the name, this game is very much a new adventure, taking place far away from and long after the events of the original trilogy. You will play a human, male or female, though that's actually not the character you saw in the trailer (more on that later). You'll be exploring an all-new galaxy, Andromeda, and piloting the new and improved Mako you saw. And through it all, you will have a new team of adventurers to work with, learn from, fight alongside of, and fall in love with.
We built this trailer in Frostbite™, our game engine, and it represents our visual target for the final game. We are thrilled by what we've already been able to achieve in bringing Mass Effect to Frostbite and by putting our entire focus on PC and current gen consoles. With the time remaining in development, we're excited about the possibility to push things even more.
Thank you again for all of the support you keep showing us, and we're looking forward to sharing more details with you near the end of the year. Until then, the teams in our Montreal, Edmonton, and Austin studios will be hard at work creating an entirely new adventure for you to lose yourselves in.
Thanks,
Aaryn Flynn, Studio General Manager, BioWare Canada
Yanick Roy, Studio Director, BioWare Montreal
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
Cashless India
Like many reform programs, India's move to do away with potentially all of its cash in circulation and focus more on digital currency has been greeted with quite the turmoil. The government is scrambling to print new denominations to replace the voided highest-denomination banknotes of 500 and 1,000 rupees — about 86.4% in value of total cash circulation.
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced last November that the government would be nullifying these banknotes, it would seem that they didn't anticipate the eventual setback — almost similar to those who've tried it before them, like Burma in 1987, the Soviet Union in 1991, and North Korea in 2009.
The most affected are those who rely solely on cash for day-to-day transactions, including street merchants, farmers, and those in the lower end of the economy. Furthermore, according to reports in The Economist, the backlash could lower India's expected GDP growth this year by two percentage points. The microfinancing industry, which previously helped many less-fortunate Indians, also suffered major setbacks.
Everyone loves discounts, right?
Why go to all the trouble? The move was a step toward cleaning up India's rampant “black economy,” the go-to market of the wealthy to launder their money and procure goods away from the government's watchful eyes. There has been considerable success, as the country's IRS equivalent has already seized millions of dollars in cash.
This is updated from a 2002 letter to my old – now closed – ArtistsJournals2 list at Yahoo!Groups.
Some of the information (and the terminology) has changed. We started calling them “artists journals.” Then, people began calling them just “art journals.” And then other terms emerged, too.
As of 2012, when I posted this article here, we were calling them “artists journals” again.
By the time you read this, that may have changed… again.
Whatever you call them – art journals or artist's journals – they're illustrated diaries or journals, and they're important.
Here's My Early Art Journaling Article
I've been doing these quick collages for months now, though not consciously doing them daily.
Now, I'm starting each day with a collage, the same as I used to to morning pages. I allow myself a half an hour for the collage process, and often go back several times throughout the day to add things until I'm pleased with it.
But it all starts with the determination that, whether it's good art or not, there will be a collage when I'm finished!
Pre-Collage Steps
You can skip this step! (I often do.)
If I'm going to use lots of layers of paper – or heavier elements in my collages – I strengthen the pages with gesso.
I paint with plain white gesso throughout my journal so the pages are strong enough to support collages here & there.
Or, if I'm going to do a lot of painting – with acrylic paints – in my journal, I gesso the pages, first.
I'll leave a few pages for writing, then two or three pages that are prepared for collage. That forces me to avoid having an all-text journal.
My current journal is fully gesso'd pages, because this one will be entirely art.
I use any gesso that's cheap, from the fine art supplies section of Michael's.
Gesso makes the paper stronger, so it doesn't suck up the glue or paint so much, and it has “tooth” to grab whatever I apply to it in layers. Usually, I buy only the white gesso.
Yes, you can buy it in colors, but if you start with white, you can add color to it (in small batches) with watercolors (including Dr. Ph. Martins), acrylics, even food coloring or unsweetened KoolAid if you like! But I'm happy working with white, usually.
Collage Images – Selection and Storage
I have images stored in folders, kept in a heavy cardboard portfolio, to use when I want to do a collage. I also keep a stack of magazines & newspapers on hand for my collage work.
And I go through and grab whatever images, words, and phrases strike my fancy at that very moment.
If they connect somehow, great. If they're completely disrelated, that's okay too. It usually makes sense to me when I put it all together, in the context of my thoughts at the time.
I love layers in my work. For this reason, I'm very big on using colored tissue paper.
Collage Adhesives and Sealers
I use Golden Gel Medium (soft/gloss) for the adhesive, and when the tissue paper is saturated with the gel medium, it remains translucent after it dries.
However, the gel medium will make the paper buckle sometimes. I like that, because I'm very process-oriented. I'm not interested in a collage that looks pre-printed. The buckling and extra glops of gel medium work for me.
But not everyone likes the buckled-paper look.
Tip, if you want smoother pages: If the paper buckles or bubbles in spots do not try to smooth it out while the collage is wet… or even damp. In most cases, the paper will flatten (mostly) as it dries, if you leave it alone.
I apply the gel with a sponge brush. I often forget to rinse them, so they'll be used just once or twice, and I buy them in bulk, every few years.
While the page dries, I'll place a piece of wax paper over it so I can turn the page and either write or do another collage.
If it's facing another gel'd page, I'll keep waxed paper between the pages for a week or two until the gel is fully cured. Otherwise, the gel remains tacky enough to stick to the facing page.
Using Gold Leaf
I also highlight some of my work with different types of leafing… gold, copper, etc.
I adhere it with gel medium, too. Don't get caught up in trying to use the “perfect” adhesive for each job. Gel medium works well for almost anything. When it won't hold, I use Household Goop!
Attaching Other Things to Your Collage
For some of my work, I think in terms of other means to attach stuff.
On a “hurting” day, a bandaid may hold an image in place.
And there are grommets, paper clips, straight pins, safety pins, and so on. Think beyond tradition and rules!
I never fret because an item means that the journal won't close nice & flat. Frankly, by the time I get done with the gel medium on lots of pages, the whole thing is so buckled that it hasn't a chance of closing nice OR flat, ever again! *grin*
I sew a button to the front cover of the journal, and a piece of string (I like hemp twine) or ribbon attached with a grommet to the back cover, so I can tie the journal closed when I carry it around or shelve it.
Avoid Perfectionism!
These collages are exciting to me, because I never know how they'll turn out until I start putting the random bits of paper together and realize what the internal message is. It's sort of like bringing what's deep inside me, forward.
Mostly, I love collage and I love journaling, and what I learn about myself – and life, in general – in the process.
More? You'll find additional notes on collage techniques in my Insight Shrines class handouts (in PDF format), and my letter to Erin about art/journaling.
And, from time to time, I'll display my actual artist's journal pages here, as I create them.
Please follow and like us:
Studies on the effects of cannabis (marijuana) have led to the recent discovery of an endogenous system of ligands in humans involved in a number of physiological processes including pain and inflammation.
The main naturally occurring ligands for this system, anandamide and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), activate a number of cannabinoid receptors, including CB1 and CB2 receptors. CB1 receptors and associated ligands are mainly localized in the brain whereas CB2 receptors are found mainly in peripheral tissues, particularly immune cells such as leukocytes and mast cells, which have been shown to be involved in pain and inflammatory responses. Cara is developing lead molecules that selectively modulate peripheral CB receptors without targeting CNS cannabinoid receptors. Peripheral CB receptor modulators will be initially developed as a novel therapeutic approach for neuropathic pain, a condition currently without consistently effective therapies. Cara's most advanced CB compound, CR701, is in preclinical development.
Microsoft completes work on special version of Windows 10 for China
We have long known that Microsoft was working on a special version of Windows 10 for the Chinese government. This was bound to happen after it was revealed that the United States government was spying on other governments and corporations around the world.
From what we have come to understand, Microsoft has finally finished work on the special edition Windows 10 for the Chinese government. This version is more secure than what we are using right now. Furthermore, several consumer apps have been removed.
Windows 10 for China
This version of the operating system is called Windows 10 Zhuangongban, or better yet, “Specially-provided edition.” Microsoft announced that this was being done back in December of last year, though not everyone was happy about it because they felt the software giant was bowing to China.
Chinese magazine Caixin, reported that the first version of this operating system has been completely, which makes us wonder, what are the other versions of Windows 10 Microsoft is working on for China?
Ralph Haupter, Microsoft's China Regional CEO, spoke with Caixin about the new operating system. They didn't give much information apart from the removed apps and services along with the increased security features.
It makes perfect sense for Microsoft to create this specialized version of Windows 10 for the Chinese government. The thing is, the government mostly uses Windows XP and has been fiddling with the idea of moving over to its own homegrown operating system for quite some time.
Should this happen, the software giant would love billions in revenue, so keeping the Chinese government happy is not a bad move. Securing this large market is great for Microsoft's bottom-line.
Source: Caixin.
One of Donald Trump's senior communications staffers says they will not take the job of White House communications director after all.
Jason Miller said in a statement Saturday that he's decided not to accept the role offered to them by Trump so they can spend more time with their family.
The resignation came amid reports that Miller had had an extramarital affair, and at the same time that Trump surrogate A.J. Delgado unleashed a bizarre series of tweets apparently aimed at Miller.
Politico reported that the affair has been the source of “turmoil” within Team Trump in recent days:
After POLITICO reporters received an anonymous email about the alleged affair, Delgado disclosed details of the relationship to senior officials in emails Thursday, the people close to the transition said. The nature of their relationship had been known to people involved in the Trump campaign and transition for “a number of months,” one source said.
Miller was one of the main spokespersons for Trump's transition team. They say they and their wife are expecting their second daughter in January and “this is not the right time to start a new job.”
They say that after spending the past week with their family, “it is clear they need to be my top priority right now.”
Miller says they have handed all of their responsibilities to incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer, who will serve as communications director as well as press secretary.
The owner of a controversial hotel plans to use it as a den for swingers.
Jon Huxley says that the Westward Ho! in Clifton Crescent, Folkestone is set to be used by ravers on raunchy weekend breaks.
It comes after Shepway council stopped the hotel doubling up as temporary accommodation for homeless people.
Jon Huxley outside their Westward Ho! Hotel
The hotel is expected to include bondage rooms, dungeons and a “red room of pain”, as depicted in the erotic novel Fifty Shades of Grey.
Mr Huxley said there would be both private rooms for couples and larger ones for multiple couples.
They said: “We have plans to attract tourists from the gay and swinging community for short breaks and weekends of adult fun.
“Obviously a lot of equipment will need to be installed like swings, bondage rooms, red room of pain and dungeons of delight.
"We would be having these events each weekend and accepting tourist guests during the week.''
Mr Huxley's plans are to keep up the business in the face of dwindling income from conventional tourism.
For months they had been in a dispute with Shepway District Council over complaints about their use of the hotel as a HMO (house of multiple occupation) to provide temporary accommodation for homeless people.
Councillors had voted for an enforcement notice to stop this after neighbours complained of anti-social behaviour.
The sign showing vacancies at the Westward Ho! hotel
Mr Huxley told the Express that maintenance costs for the Grade II listed building were high and other sources of custom needed.
When asked whether the new scheme would further anger neighbours, they said: “I do not involve myself in what happens behind their closed doors and they should not involve themselves in what happens behind mine.
"I have bills to pay and the income has to come from somewhere. They have seen fit to take away my current source of guests so I have to look for other sources.''
Mr Huxley stressed that neighbour complaints had been about anti-social behaviour and noise from the street rather than from inside the property and their new customers would spend most of the time indoors.
They said they would not need a council entertainments licence because there would be no live entertainment, loud music or dancing.
They said: “Food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package and it would be a civilised and friendly environment. Clothing will be optional and privacy for our guests will therefore need to be ensured.''
Mr Huxley was given six months to comply with the enforcement notice, which will have expired before the new project begins.
They said the special weekends would be controlled through advance bookings rather than being open to casual callers. They would be advertised predominantly through the internet or word of mouth with some advertising in “appropriate places”.
Fifty Shades of Grey movie starring Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson
Once the business became better known most guests would be repeat visitors, they added.
The row over Westward Ho stretches back 18 months and shows a clash of interests between Shepway's planning and housing sections.
Housing officials wanted Westward Ho! as a place for people in need of scarce temporary emergency accommodation.
Planning councillors said not taking enforcement action would make the council look weak and set a bad precedent.
The row went public at a development control meeting on January 6 when members voted to give Mr Huxley six weeks to put in an application or face enforcement action.
An officers' report then said that since October 2013 Westward Ho! had been viewed as an HMO but no application had been put in for change of use.
“We have plans to attract tourists from the gay and swinging community for short breaks and weekends of adult fun" - Jon Huxley
Mr Huxley had argued that they were legally free from applying as the property could still be classed as purely a hotel.
This was because the property's rooms were not permanent residences, there were no tenancy agreements and the business was bed and breakfast and not room-only accommodation.
They added that keeping the Westward Ho! as a hotel meant that troublemakers could be removed instantly, because they were classed as hotel guests, had no right of residency.
CCTV was also installed.
They said when the council demanded a planning application delays were only caused by theirs seeking clarification.
Stories you might have missed
Kent hospital among worst for A&E waiting times
Crews rescue woman who suffered burns in kitchen fire
Delays feared as new exit checks come into force
Pair jailed after police see car park drug deal
“Write something about writing sex scenes.”
I asked for blog post ideas, and that was one of many that Will Hindmarch came up with.
And that was the one I dismissed immediately. I waved it off and said, “The others sound good. I'll do those. I have nothing useful to contribute about writing sex in fiction.”
My brain apparently didn't agree with me. (Which surprised me, given that it's my brain, but since this insurgency happens frequently I dunno why I'm surprised.) While I had dismissed the idea out of hand, my brain nipped at my heels like a shepherd dog. Nippy brain-dog continued to remind me, “Hey, dickhole, you served up some sex scenes very recently. You can actually contribute something to this conversation! Get on it! Rock out with your cock out! Jam out with your clam out! Go all out with your balls out! Go to a machinist's house with your… ahhh, eh, penis out?”
And then I chastised brain-dog, and said, “You basically just want me to write about penises and vaginas,” and then brain-dog gave me a guilty look and ran into the shrubbery to lick himself.
The brain always leaves me just when I need it most.
Still. The brain was right. I had written sex scenes fairly recently — three of them, if I count correctly, though one of them was a bit of a non-starter (in the context of the story). Writing those scenes merited extra thought at the time, and so maybe you can derive some usefulness (or at the least, amusement) from my travails. I'm not here to tell you what makes a good sex scene in fiction, and what makes a bad sex scene. I'm not sure it's really any different from a good anything scene and a bad anything scene (fails to convey action, fails to convey feeling, clunky writing, cliched dialogue, whatever.) Instead, I'll just tell you what went through my head. Hopefully, you'll add to the conversation, because as it stands it is an incomplete one.
The (Fake) Problem
We're a nation of Puritanical assholes.
Or, we come from that. It's why as Americans we get all goose-pimply and blushy about sex. It's why Janet Jackson can't show their cosmic nipple on TV, but you can show dead bodies and blood spatter and explosions and disasters. It's why most of our dirty words are sex words, and why none of our dirty words have to do with violence.
So, writing sex scenes doesn't come naturally. We get giggly. Nervous. We get the vapors, like a Victorian woman on a fainting couch. (Irony: to end the vapors, the women often submitted to “pelvic massage.” Mmm-hmm, lady, I'm onto you. Whenever you get the vapors, you or someone else has a medical excuse to tickle the little man in the boat. Clever girl.)
Think about that, though. They say, “Write what you know.” I know sex. I've had it. More than twice! Violence, on the other hand…? How often have I jammed a grenade belt down an enemy soldier's throat? (Answer: less than twice!) Why then, was the latter easier to write than the former? Why does the description of violence come (heh, come!) so easily, when writing sex does not?
Because we come from Puritanical assholes.
So, that's the only true challenge in writing sex scenes. Find that hump (heh, hump!) and get over it. You've had sex (and if you haven't, and you're of proper age, please go have some now; it's super-fun!), so you know everything that makes it awesome and awkward and clumsy and perfect and messy and strange and beautiful and primitive and so on and so forth. Stop ascribing sex taboo significance, and just write it.
In my admittedly limited experience writing these things, I figure you have three ways to go when you settle down to write some sweet, sweet fictional love.
The Gynecologist's Indelicate Touch: The Clinical Approach
The approach here is all mechanism. Sex is a physical act, and so the writing of sex is about what happens. This is the real “Tab A to Slot B” shit. (In a perfect world, I'd have real world examples, and I'd quote them like a professional. But I'm writing this half-asleep, and you jerks don't pay me for this, so suck it up, Jennifers.)
This is all about the cold, clinical approach. It doesn't need to default to “The penis enters the vagina. It exits the vagina. It enters the vagina. It exits the vagina.” But it is about what happens. It's about the act. Where do the fingers go? The lips trail down to… where? The act of sex can have an almost chess game feel to it; the pieces move a little differently each time, so describe how those pieces move, and to where.
Why Go This Way?
This approach eschews poetic language and goes right for the clarity of the act. Embracing that clarity might indicate you're writing a scene that isn't about emotion or sensation, but is about two people getting their rocks off. Or maybe it's a business transaction. Or maybe it's a hollow reiteration of a once-beautiful thing. I used this approach in a recent work, because it was about two people fucking. I don't know that they even liked each other that much. The scene became about the mechanical act, and (if I did it correctly), the description of pure mechanism was isolating. It created distance between these two characters.
Stimulate The Pineal Gland: Writing Raw Sensation
Sex can be transformative. It can be an epiphany. It can be downright bizarre, even under the simplest of circumstances. The memory of sex — in real life — can be one of pure sensation, not one that recalls exactly what was on the booty-menu that night (in narrative terms, this is sex that's all story, no plot). You don't remember whether they wore the red panties with the black hearts or the pink strap-on with the Hello Kitty cock-topper — you only remember what it felt like to see them for the first time that night. You don't remember at what point they stuck the duck up your ass, you only remember the feeling of soft feathers or the echoes of quacking quaking deep in your bowels.
Sex might take place in the dark. Or in dark places. Or in strange places. Or when you're both tired (either late at night or early in the morning). Sometimes you can't see everything. Sex can be an act close to sensory deprivation — your eyes are vestigial to the process, but your nose may be critical, or your tongue, or your skin. By cleaving to pure sensation, you take the visual out of it, and make it all about the feeling. Moreover, emotion comes into play — revelatory sex can stimulate bizarre-o emotions, and the fiction should highlight that. Not just glee. Some people cry after sex. Some get giddy. Some feel guilty. What emotions rise up?
Why Go This Way?
I think I already covered it, but by approaching it this way, you're bookmarking the sex as something strange and poetic, something both firmly within and way outside our frame of reference; it's an individual's game, with each sex act like a crazy fractal snowflake. You're saying that it doesn't matter what actually happens. What matters is how it feels to the characters, and what it does to them.
The Gynecologist's Pineal Gland: A Little From Column A, A Little From Column B
Take clinical, mix with sensation, and you've got what I consider the mainstream approach to writing sex scenes in fiction. Not much else to say. It's up to you what the ratio of mechanism versus sensation is: 60/40? 75/25? 90/10? I dunno. Best guide is to ape the style you've already been using for the rest of the work.
Why Go This Way?
Again, I consider this the mainstream approach. Sex in a piece of fiction — unless it's purposefully designed to take us out of the narrative and show us a new face of the story — is ultimately just another part of the story, no more or no less important than any other moving part. In Chapter 4, Billy wrestles an alligator. In Chapter 6, Billy has sex with Miranda. Yes, they're separate acts, but in terms of distilling the story down to an equation, X is not necessarily greater than Y. By taking a standard descriptive approach, you're not making the sex stand out needlessly like a hammer-struck penis. Or clitoris, if you're into giant throbbing clitorises. Man, that is going to get me some delicious Google hits one day. Surely from people looking for a blog just like this one!
The Fourth Option I Made Up Just Now: Painting With Shadow
Did I say you had three options?
Scratch that. Here's number four.
See, I'm just realizing that sometimes, to write a sex scene, you need to write around the sex scene. The before, the after, but not the during. Forget the moment. The act of painting or drawing can be as much about what you don't paint as much as it is about what you put on the canvas, right? You can even draw a face or a scene by drawing everything but that face or scene; the shadows, the negative space, become your definition. I think of this, and I think of Glengarry Glen Ross — Ricky Roma in the Chinese restaurant? Talking about the people with whom you've had sex? “What do you remember about them? I don't know. For me, I'm saying, what is is, it's probably not the orgasm. Some broad's forearm on your neck, something their eyes did. There was a sound they made…or, me, lying, in the — I'll tell you. Me lying in bed. The next day, they brought me café au lait. They give me a cigarette, my balls feel like concrete. Eh? What I'm saying, what is our life? It's looking forward or it's looking back. And that's our life. That's it. Where is the moment?” Good question, Ricky Roma. Good question.
Why Go This Way?
Going this way, you're singling out that it's not the sex that matters. It's what the sex means. It's what results from it, and it's how we moved to it. In this approach lies an interesting truth, I think. The before and after tell us the during. Paint with negative space.
The Perilous Perils Of Porn Mining
In writing sex scenes, it pays to watch out for hazards. “Mind the gap,” as it were.
The biggest danger is telling, not showing. Don't tell us “she felt ecstatic.” Give us the indicators of that ecstasy. If I were standing in the doorway, hidden in shadow, and I was able to watch these two people have crazy wombat sex on the bed, how would I know they were caught in the throes of ecstasy? When I was telling my buddy later, how would I describe to them the moment I knew they were cresting the hill on the Orgasm Express? The best language is clear but illustrative.
Second danger? Don't get porny. You're not writing porn. Porn is clumsy. Porn is heavy-handed. Single-camera, zoom in on the naughty, pimpled parts. No. That's not what you're doing. The sex serves the context of the story. It's a moment for these characters. In porn, character is lost (sadly). Don't lose the characters. Don't lose the narrative throughline.
This leads to danger number three: overwrought language. You can cross the porn border and move into tawdry erotica, and that's not great, either. Okay, it's great if you're writing tawdry erotica. If you're writing mainstream fiction, though, you can work language too hard (heh, hard!), the same way you can overwork pancake batter. It ruins the pancakes. If you ever describe some dude's junk as “his turgid tumescence,” somebody should probably kick you right in the turgid tumescence. You're allowed to use poetic language. Just don't get purple (heh… uh, purple?).
Finally, the sex shouldn't go on too long. You'll chafe. … I mean, the reader will become bored. Less is more. If you take ten pages to describe a sex act, it'll probably take most people longer to read that than to actually put the book down and engage in the sex act. Get in, get out, do the job.
Heh.
So, That's That
Now you know as much as I do, which is to say, probably not that much. But, I figured this is something that I'd been thinking about without even realizing I'd been thinking about it. I'm interested to hear your experiences, fellow wordheads and penmonkeys.
The field of GOP candidates for the 2012 presidential primaries is still nebulous. Sen. John Thune this week announced their decision against running, but a host of other potential candidates have hemmed and hawed.
U.S. News blogger Robert Schlesinger points out that Rep. Michele Bachmann came awfully close to declaring a run in a speech to a Republican group in South Carolina, but they don't think they can win. “The only president who came from the U.S. House was James Garfield,” they write. “And their special wacky brand of politics also makes them unelectable.” [See a slide show of 10 GOP frontrunners for 2012.]
Our Washington Whispers column reports that Fox News contributor Frank Luntz asked 26 Iowan Republicans who they favored for 2012, and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich came out on top. Filling out the favorites behind Gingrich were (in order): former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Bachmann, and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin.
In Washington, D.C., the Conservative Political Action Conference straw poll this month picked unlikely nominee Texas Rep. Ron Paul for the second year in a row, but many say second place winner and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney is a better bet to face President Obama for the top spot in the White House.
What do you think? Who is your pick for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination? Take our poll and post your thoughts below.
Yes, you read that correctly. It's one thing when Donald Trump tweets about silly items from their personal account. The official Twitter account for the President is different. It should be reserved for official announcements and news. For some reason, somebody thought sending this tweet out from the official POTUS Twitter account was a good idea:
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time! — President Trump (@POTUS) March 15, 2017
We've gone from, “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness,” to the President of the United States of America, tweeting about……
Snoop Dogg.
“Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”
Snoop Dogg tweet.
“Ask not what your country can do you for, ask what you can do for your country.”
Snoop Dogg tweet.
“The only thing we have to fear is, fear itself.”
Snoop Dogg tweet.
“Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.”
Snoop Dogg tweet.
Take the rest of the day off and go hug a copy of the Constitution.
Rules, Nov 4 Draft:
1) no pre-existing human infrastructure can be used to create objects. No knives, no tools, no clothing, no shoes, no hardwood floor, no cement floor… unless they were created from scratch.
2) you can make objects in your backyard so long as the surface you are on, could, conceivably been created by nature.
3) if you really don't want to be naked when you create your first few objects, I would suggest creating a loincloth first. This project is not about nudity, but it's important that we stick to the purity of having made things from scratch.
4) You must document ever scrachmade item you create. This will allow you to to continue using your scratchmade tools to make other tools or items, thus ensuring a “pure” linage of scratchmade origins. It's allowed to use modern technology for documentation. Photos and video should be posted to www.scratchmaker.org
5) travel: you can trade your scratchmade items with other “scratchmakers”. You need not restrict yourself to “by foot” travel. It's ok to simulate large time-horizons by using moden infrastructure for the purposes of travelling. So long as it would have been conceivably possible for the journey to have been undertaken by foot or scratchmade vehicle over a long time periode.
They tilt their head back as the vodka runs down the dwarf's bare genitals and straight into their mouth.
They tilt their head back as the vodka runs down the dwarf's bare genitals and straight into their mouth.
At only three feet, and dressed as a cheerleader, the dwarf towers over the girl from where they stand on the bar.
magaluf3
Them friends egg them on, but it's obvious they don't need any encouragement - guzzling the drink like a chocolate milkshake.
"Complete and utter carnage," the club rep promises as they rewind the video to show me again. "And that's only the start of it love."
magaluf 5
Welcome to the hedonistic stomping ground of Magaluf, where your teenagers are living out your worst nightmare on their summer holiday.
The testosterone and drink-fuelled mayhem has become an annual Mecca for Irish youngsters - hitting the headlines recently when the activities of one girl performing oral sex on 24 men to win a cocktail went viral online.
But - as the Sunday Independent discovered - this only scratches the surface of the hell-raising antics that young people are getting up to in Magaluf.
Here, girls perform lewd sex acts in return for alcohol on a nightly basis.
magaluf fight
The X-rated clip was shown to me by a tout trying to sell an official pub crawl, and is akin to what you'd find on porn websites.
"We also have a game called 'erection perfection'," the tout adds as they notice me scanning the street for other options. There are dozens of other reps to compete with, and upping the depravity pulls the crowd.
"We get four girls to line up and lapdance on top of four boys. If the girls aren't able to make them erect, then they have to perform oral sex," they laugh.
All this is done in return for another free drink.
But with €2 shots and cocktails these kids are hardly stuck for spare spending money on their holiday.
So what is it?
As we find out later, it's the pat on the back from the gang, the camaraderie, the screams of delight, that spur them on.
Reps circle the teens pouring vodka straight from the bottle down their necks.
When girls become shy or refuse, then a kiss on the lips from their attractive chaperones leave them giggling before chugging the spirits back.
We are in a bar on the infamous mile-long strip called 'Punta Ballena' -which pulsates with the bright lights of hundreds of pubs, strip clubs, kebab shops and even an aptly named tattoo parlour called 'Sorry Mom'.
The slope descends into a drug-fuelled pack at the end of the road as pairs drift off to the beach to have al fresco sex or avail of local brothels.
Unprotected or "bare back" sex costs €70 and blow jobs are €20, but we're told "you can bargain the girls down".
Young Irish boys are enticed inside lapdancing clubs by the lingerie-clad women with the promise of "tits, m**ge and ass in your face".
The girls look young but haggard, the soothing lull of drugs simmering behind their half-shut eyes.
Violence is commonplace and full blown fist fights between groups of up to 20 men and women regularly break out.
We witness a girl smash another girls head off a bus stop in a fight over their straying boyfriend.
While at the top of the hill, we come across a young man lying unconscious on the ground.
 They are face down in a mushy mound of their own blood and tissue.
Drunken passersby prod them like an injured animal to see if they are alive.
Some mother's son? Maybe. But here it's just another drunken injury.
It begins to look serious and a group wearing luminous tops approaches him.
At first it appears to be the emergency services. But the help is actually drunken party goers wearing a uniform of yellow tops from their pub crawl.
Someone nearby explains they had been sitting on a step outside a chip shop minding their own business when strangers came from behind and knocked them out cold on the pavement.
Ten minutes later paramedics appear and lift them into an ambulance.
They barely blink at the sight. They've seen it all before.
Meanwhile, in a bar up the road a pretty blonde waiter called Gayle wears a sign around their neck that promises "body shots for €10".
In this hangout, the young women have to hop up on the bar and take their tops off to let men drink shots from between their breasts.
I watch as several sweaty lads throw down the cash. It's the end of a drunken night of beer and kebabs but the girl obediently lays themselves out flat as they run their tongues from low in their crotch in a trail to their chest.
Gayle tells me they have just moved from a sex club in Palma where members of the crowd are called up to have sex on stage with each other."I've seen people penetrated with every household item you can imagine. Half the time they don't use condoms but when they do the girls put a tie on the end of the used rubber and fling them into the crowd."
If there was ever a place that epitomised the idea that 'sex sells', this is it.
In the local newsagents - next to a sweet stand of penis-shaped lollipops - a generic version of Viagra is sold for €6.50 a pill.
Diamond-like jewels to decorate genitalia are popular amongst the girls, while the lads opt for packets of protection with a variety of messages written on them, from "my first condom" to another which displays a picture of Darth Vader and reads, 'Luuuuke I will not be your father'.
I ask Gayle where I can get some good drugs. "Oh that's easy - ask any of the reps," they tell me. "They'll sort you out or at least point you to the next person who will."
The next day, inside a local doctor's clinic when asked about the fallout from the sybaritic antics, a receptionist flashes me their best smile: "Oh we see nothing here but sore throats and ear infections."
Behind them the reception is lined with groggy, zombie-eyed teenagers bent over with their heads buried in between their knees.
The ambulance drivers, police and bar owners all sing from the same hymn sheet.
With a multi-million euro tourism industry at stake each year, the local motto, What happens in Magaluf, stays in Magaluf" isn't just the mantra of the teenagers who visit it.
Back in a local club that night another pumped-up rep stands on the bar and booms into a microphone: "Right! Some of you are going to go home with STDS tomorrow, some of you are going to get f**ked up the**e on the beach".
The crowd whoops and punches the air beneath them before downing from trays of shots as they are passed around.
And the party train rolls on - camera phones in tow.
Perhaps future stars of the internet in the making, and coming to a screen near you.
Sunday Independent
