The Best States to Live in Financially
Ranking the best states to live in can often lead to drawn out, subjective conclusions. It's been done before in many different ways, and everyone likes to see their state on top. But when it comes to the best states to live in financially, MoneyRates delivered with some of the best cut-and-dry data.
5 financial factors were evaluated to rank the best and worst states to live in. These factors included average income, state tax rate, unemployment rate, work incident rate, and the cost of living index. Financial data changes a lot, but are you in any of the best states to live in for 2015?
It's hard to argue against Texas ranking number 1 on this list. They're emerging as tech industry leaders and they don't even have to pay income taxes. What a deal! Are we a little biased since we do the majority of our work in Texas and Michigan? Possibly, but numbers don't lie!
No one can take away the beauty of Hawaii and California, but those cost of living indexes are through the roof! That being said, if these are among the worst states to make a living, we're not doing all that bad. Just five years ago, the overall unemployment rate was closer to 10%.
Whether your state ranks among the best, worst, or somewhere in between, sometimes it just comes down to personal preference. If you can live with a high cost of living index or a salary the dips below the national average, then you probably don't have to be part of the best states to live in to live a financially happy life. That's my opinion. What do you think?
A Baldwin student posted a public Snapchat video showing three guns — they said he'd take one to school — and ran from officers who came to arrest them Thursday, Nassau police said.
Shamari Gerrow, 20, sprinted from Baldwin High School and ran past a shopping center, where they tossed what appeared to be a black handgun into a trash bin, before they were caught on nearby Emerson Avenue about 10:35 a.m., police said.
Gerrow, of Carleton Place, was arraigned Friday on charges of unlawful possession of a weapon upon school grounds and making a terroristic threat. They were ordered held on $100,000 bond, $50,000 cash bail.
Police said Baldwin High School officials found out they had posted a Snapchat video with a message saying they were mulling over which one to take to school.
School officials called 911, and Gerrow ran as soon as they saw the officers, police said.
The weapon retrieved from the trash turned out to be a black, air-powered pistol, police said.
The school district released the following statement on its website: “You may have heard about an incident which occurred off school grounds yesterday. School District staff became aware of a situation that required the attention of law enforcement and notified the police. The police were able to address this off campus situation immediately. Our school day was not interrupted.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“When any information arises that causes concern, it is addressed immediately. We insist on an environment that ensures the safety of staff and students at all times and as a result, we act accordingly.”
Lou Williams' new teammates put on some unfamiliar faces to celebrate their 29th birthday on Monday night.
Just five days before Halloween, Williams, whose actual date of birth falls on Tuesday, had their teammates come in costume, while the man of the hour donned a Guy Fawkes mask a la “V For Vendetta.”
Headed to my bday party!!! A photo posted by Lou Williams (@louwillville) on Oct 26, 2015 at 9:39pm PDT
Meanwhile, their fellow Lakers dressed for the occasion, like Jordan Clarkson — who came as Billy the puppet from “Saw” — and Anthony Brown, who put on the Joker's bank-robbery mask from the opening scene of “The Dark Knight.” Tarik Black also attended in a less obvious costume.
A photo posted by Anthony Brown (@antbrown_3) on Oct 26, 2015 at 11:45pm PDT
We learned why D'Angelo Russell's let their hair grow out, as they rode the “Straight Outta Compton” wave by coming as Eazy-E of the rap group N.W.A.
E-Z A photo posted by D'Angelo Russell (@dloading) on Oct 26, 2015 at 10:39pm PDT
Nick Young's costume might have set the Instagram comments record for most laughing-so-hard-I'm-crying emojis.
Halloween party #godgift A photo posted by Nick Young (@swaggyp1) on Oct 27, 2015 at 12:22am PDT
But Williams' teammates weren't the only ones happy to celebrate their day. Their two daughters decided to get a jump on the festivities with an early birthday cake.
Patience Chukwu was experiencing contractions when their attacker stole their phone and repeatedly punched them in the head
A heavily pregnant woman who was robbed in the street while experiencing contractions pleaded with their attacker to stop as they repeatedly punched them in the head.
Patience Chukwu was making their way to hospital at about 9am on Sunday 26 June when they were approached by a young man on a bike who snatched their mobile as they tried to call their sister, their birthing partner.
During the ensuing struggle, the 40-year-old was dragged down the road by the thief, who repeatedly punched them in the head before fleeing the scene.
The shock of the ordeal caused their baby to become distressed and they were rushed to intensive care following an emergency caesarean, which took place when midwives were unable to detect the baby's heartbeat.
Two-month-old Ozil, whose name means “a child who is born with divine strength”, has suffered painful seizures “almost daily” since the attack and Chukwu is now afraid to walk down the street or use their phone in public.
They said: “He was pulling me, dragging me with the bike, I was pleading. I said: ‘Please, I'm in labour, as you can see I'm heavily pregnant.' They didn't want to listen, they didn't want to stop, they were trying to ride the bike.
“He was hitting me to let go but I refused to let go.”
They called their attacker a “coward” and said: “He really wanted to hit my tummy because the level of which their hand was coming would have landed on my stomach. So I shielded my baby, with my hand and I bent down, the blow went to my eyes and everything became so dark.
“I couldn't see so I let go ... and the boy started pedalling away.”
Immediately after the attack on Leadale Road in north London, Chukwu, who was shivering and shaking, was looked after by members of the public until the police arrived.
One officer asked their questions while the other timed their contractions as they waited for an ambulance, they said.
In hospital, they were not able to hold their baby until early the next morning, and when they later saw them in an incubator they felt “sad and responsible” for their suffering.
“I saw all the wires connected, I felt so responsible that my baby was going through that. I felt that if I had not run after the man or held on to him, being dragged by him, my baby might not have gone through that stress.
“But I was told even if I didn't go after the boy or hold him, the shock alone that my phone was snatched unexpectedly is also enough for the baby to go through that same shock, that stress.”
Chukwu suffered from depression and anxiety before the attack, which has now worsened. They said: “I don't feel safe, I don't feel free going out now.
“I'm so afraid of people coming towards me ... And no matter how important the call is, if I have a phone call, if my phone is ringing as long as I'm outside I don't pick it [up].”
“Now if I see someone coming, especially a man on a bike, I will look for another alternative route to take.”
Police have released an e-fit of the attacker, described as a short black man of medium build between 18 and 20 years old, with shaven hair and brown eyes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Police e-fit of the attacker. Photograph: Metropolitan Police/PA
They were wearing a grey hooded top and has a slim face with pronounced cheek bones and a rough, pock-marked complexion.
Chukwu asked for anyone with information to come forward, “not for me or my son but for another woman and another baby not to go through what we went through and the ordeal we are going through at the moment”.
It will be “difficult” to move on until their attacker is brought to justice, they added.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the investigation team on 07795 122 325 or 101 and request Hackney CID, or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Anthony Burgess' songs likened to 'My Fair Lady' and 'West Side Story'
The hit novel and film, A Clockwork Orange, is set to be turned into a musical with lyrics and songs by its original author, Anthony Burgess.
The musical described as a “re-visioning of the story” will be performed in Manchester next year, as part of the 50th anniversary of the novel.
Speaking to Manchester Evening News about the event, director of the International Anthony Burgess Foundation, Dr Andrew Biswell said: “It is a much lighter version of the story, compared to the film. The musical numbers are very brisk and light, like My Fair Lady.”
They added, “The music is really important because it establishes a tone and a mood. It's pretty close to West Side Story – that's one of the obvious influences on it.”
The novel, A Clockwork Orange, was released in 1962 before being adapted for the screen by Stanley Kubrick.
Describing why Burgess felt a musical was necessary Dr. Biswell said, “The reason why Burgess wanted to make their own stage adaptation, quite a long time after Kubrick made the film, was to assert their own ownership of the story.”
The anniversary show will also include an exhibition featuring props and stills from the film. For more information visit the official Anthony Burgess website.
Anthony Burgess died in November 1993, aged 76.
Misleading headlines (photo of Google News by mike holden)
Headlines are important, especially in the Internet age
Not everyone clicks on an online news story, meaning the headline might be all they read—and a bad one can mislead
Mike Holden Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 22, 2013
Pictured above are August 20, 2013 online headlines from various news outlets about the coroner's report for journalist Michael Hastings, who was killed in a car accident in June.
The headlines on that date included ones like: “Autopsy finds drugs in journalist who died in Los Angeles crash” and “Coroner, family link Michael Hastings to drug use at time of death.”
I read those and thought, “Oh, Hastings was on drugs at the time of the crash?” And then I clicked through to some of the articles, which told a bit of a different story.
If you read the Reuters article that goes along with the headline “Autopsy finds drugs in journalist who died in Los Angeles crash,” it says: “The drugs in Michael Hastings' system were of an amount unlikely to have contributed to the crash in which the Mercedes-Benz they were driving struck a tree and burst into flames, according to the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office report.”
Or, if you open the LA Times article that goes with the “Coroner, family link Michael Hastings to drug use at time of death” headline, you'll find: “Coroner's officials said Hastings had traces of amphetamine in their system, consistent with possible intake of methamphetamine many hours before death, as well as marijuana. Neither were considered a factor in the crash, according to toxicology reports.”
In other words, the coroner is saying the drugs in Hastings' system were likely not a factor in the accident that killed him. The headlines don't really give that impression though. They make it very easy for people to assume drugs played a role.
Look at the headline from The Smoking Gun: “Autopsy Shows Journalist Michael Hastings Had Meth, Pot In System At Time Of Fiery Auto Crash.” That's not untrue, but read only that and you might get the impression that meth and pot were a factor in the crash.
Particularly in a time when people quickly scan online headlines, sometimes while looking for other information or a different story, it's important that headlines be as accurate as possible. A headline like “Traces of drugs likely non-factor in journalist Hastings' deadly crash,” might have told the story better in this situation.
Some burden is on the reader to click through to a story, rather than assume a headline has enough key details (and some headlines are no doubt written certain ways to generate clicks). But too often I have clicked and found a different story than the one the headline told.
Headline writers hold some power, especially in the Internet age, and they need to be sure what they write fits the details of the story as best as possible. In the case of these Michael Hastings articles, their word choices paint a picture that misleads.
Tiny remote ready for secret missions Tiny universal remote controls almost any TV
Control volume, channel, mute, and power
Even works on most European TVs
Welcome to your debriefing, Mr. Blond. This mission is especially delicate so we've had R devise a new gadget for you. Its code name is M-3904-DD920-8903B, but you may call it the Micro Spy Remote. This little universal remote is the newest (secret) weapon in your arsenal to confuse hordes of TV viewers and perhaps save the free world as we know it. In seconds (just hold the mute button until the TV target mutes), you can take control of almost any television set, thus preventing S.M.U.S.H. propaganda from brainwashing what the Americans so cleverly refer to as "couch potatoes" (though, really, would anyone notice?)
The Micro Spy Remote's powers will work on a wide variety of televisions (Sony, Panasonic, Samsung, Toshiba, Sanyo, Aiwa, Mitsubishi, Philips, JVC, Sharp, etc) and its small size will safeguard you against discovery. Remember, Agent 002, if you are caught, the Department will not save you. You are on your own. Good luck, Mr. Blond.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Scientists found small amounts of toxic chemicals in e-cigarette vapour
E-cigarettes contain some toxic chemicals and are not a safe alternative to smoking tobacco, US research suggests.
In experiments on mice, scientists found that e-cigarette vapour could harm the lungs and make them more susceptible to respiratory infections.
The PLOS One study also found traces of "free radical" toxins similar to those found in cigarette smoke.
A lung charity said more research on the health impact of vaping was needed.
There has been debate over the safety of e-cigarettes since they were introduced.
E-cigarette vapour alone produced mild effects on the lungs, including inflammation and protein damage Dr Thomas Sussan
Although they are generally thought to be less harmful than smoking real cigarettes, because they contain no tobacco, they do still contain the addictive chemical nicotine.
However, this study which looked at the effects of e-cigarette vapour on mice, says it still appeared to damage the lungs.
'Harmful effects'
Thomas Sussan, lead author and assistant scientist in the department of environmental health sciences at Johns Hopkins University, said: "E-cigarette vapour alone produced mild effects on the lungs, including inflammation and protein damage.
"However, when this exposure was followed by a bacterial or viral infection, the harmful effects of e-cigarette exposure became even more pronounced."
When the study divided mice into two groups and exposed one group to vapour from e-cigarettes for two weeks, it found that the mice in the exposed group were not as good at clearing the bacteria from their lungs.
As a result, the viral infection led to them losing increasing amounts of weight, which in some cases killed the mice.
This was because they had a compromised immune system and could not fight off the infection.
The scientists said further research in people with a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) was needed to see how they were affected by switching from cigarettes to e-cigarettes.
The study also discovered the presence of "free radicals" in e-cigarette vapour, although at 1% of the level found in real cigarettes.
These free radicals are highly reactive toxins which can damage DNA or other molecules within cells, leading to cell death.
Dr Sussan said they were surprised by the finding, considering the fact that e-cigarettes do not produce combustion products.
"Granted, it's 100 times lower than cigarette smoke, but it's still a high number of free radicals that can potentially damage cells."
'Low toxic effect'
Tom Pruen, chief scientific officer for ECITA, Electronic Cigarette Trade Industry Association, criticised the way the research was conducted.
They said the mice were exposed to a vapour dose intended for humans, not mice.
And the cartomisers in the e-cigarettes were not changed often enough in the study, which would expose the mice to "significant amounts of thermal degradation products".
They added: "In reality, this research indicates that for people using the products as intended, e-cigarettes really do offer significant harm reduction compared with smoking, and appear to have a remarkably low toxic effect."
Dr Penny Woods, chief executive of the British Lung Foundation, said: "While there is still little doubt that e-cigarettes are far less harmful than regular cigarettes, this study in mice is yet another reminder of the lack of conclusive evidence currently available on the long-term health impact of vaping in humans.
They said more research should be conducted on e-cigarette use by people with COPD.
"Quitting smoking is the most effective way in which someone living with COPD can slow the progression of their disease.
"With as many as 25,000 people dying of smoking-related COPD in the UK each year, greater certainty is urgently needed over whether e-cigarettes are safe to use by COPD patients looking to quit smoking.
"Among the wider population, we know many smokers have found e-cigarettes a useful aid to quitting.
"However, until such time as more research has clarified the long-term health impact of vaping, we wouldn't advise their use by non-smokers."
The Pegex grammar has its own syntax as described in Pegex::Syntax.
The grammar is a collection of rules and looks like below:
%grammar etchosts %version 0.01 hosts: host | blanks | comments comments: /- HASH ANY* EOL/ blanks: /- EOL/ host: ip - aliases /- EOL?/ ip: ipv4 | ipv6 aliases: alias+ alias: - /(ALNUM (: WORD | DOT | DASH )*)/ - ipv4: /((: DIGIT{1,3} DOT ){3} DIGIT{1,3} )/ ipv6: /((: HEX* COLON{1,2} HEX* )+ )/
The lines beginning with the % tag are meta rules and represent information on the grammar such as the name of the grammar and the version. This allows the developer to manage multiple versioned grammars in their program.
The rest of the lines are rules and they begin with a rule name and a : followed by the description of the rule as per the Pegex::Syntax document.
The first rule hosts are the global or top-level rule for the grammar. The hosts rule can have three variations, viz., host , blanks and comments which represent the host definitions, blank lines and comments beginning with # , respectively. We need to be able to handle blank lines and comments since various /etc/hosts files have them either by default or added by the user.
The - is a shorthand for whitespace and EOL is a shorthand for the end of line characters \r
or
. HASH is a named rule describing the # symbol and COLON is a named rule describing the : symbo. DIGIT represents the regular expression [0-9] , HEX represents the regular expression [0-9A-Fa-f] that describes numbers in the hexadecimal format, and ANY represents any character except newline. The WORD represents the regular expression \w , DOT and
DASH represents the . and - characters, respectively.
Rules enclosed in // define a specific regular expression that will be generated, and are useful for creating the low-level rules using the atoms.
Detailed descriptions of all the available atoms are available at Pegex::Grammar::Atoms
High-level rules are a collection of other rules separated using the | (OR) operation or the default AND operation.
Let's try to understand the ipv4 rule. Like a standard regular expression capture we are trying to capture the IPv4 address on each line of the input. We do that by enclosing the items to be captured in parentheses. An IPv4 address is in the format xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx where xxx is a number between 0 and 255 . So we need to capture a three-digit number, hence we use DIGIT{1,3} , followed by a . , and this pattern repeats three times followed by another three-digit number. Hence we have the DIGIT{1,3} DOT followed by a {3} and another DIGIT{1,3} .
Getting a map and directions in your car used to require a several-hundred-dollar investment in a GPS device. The popularity of this equipment led to fast growth for companies like TomTom and Garmin, the dominant makers of “personal navigation devices,” as well as profits for companies that supplied digital street maps, like Navteq and Tele Atlas.
Turn by turn: The Waze app gives GPS driving directions on a smart phone. Maps are updated automatically based on drivers' routes.
Now, these lucrative businesses are facing new challenges from smart phones and free maps, some of which are being created by drivers themselves.
Take the case of Waze, a company based in Tel Aviv, Israel, that believes it has unlocked the key to turning maps and traffic data into a commodity so cheap that no one will be able to charge for it—not even them. Waze has created a combination of smart-phone apps and websites that lets users build maps and report traffic conditions within a Wikipedia-like system.
Traffic data, even about the existence of new roads, is gathered automatically from the routes and speeds of users, who also have the opportunity to submit data manually. The Waze app then provides turn-by-turn directions on a person's smart phone, offering an experience similar to using a stand-alone GPS device.
Waze was born in 2006, when founder Ehud Shabtai coded an add-on for a commercial GPS system that let users map the location of speed cameras. Within three days, they say, users had mapped every camera in Israel.
Waze is now Israel's dominant provider of navigation data, according to CEO Noam Bardin, and consistently ranks above Facebook as the most popular iOS app in the country. Bardin says their company's goal is to reproduce that success worldwide. It hopes to make money through location-based advertising.
Most digital maps are based on public data provided by government agencies such as the U.S. Census Bureau. But companies then drive the roads with specialized vehicles that gather additional data from an array of sensors. Tele Atlas, for example, uses vans bristling with cameras. It's this final step that allows companies to validate their data in ways that customers like regional transportation departments and automakers require.
The map business has already been hit hard by changing technology: the combination of smart phones and Google Maps has allowed many consumers to access real-time directions without buying a stand-alone GPS. As a result, sales of these devices are sliding. TomTom's sales were down 10 percent during the third quarter of last year, leading the Dutch company to announce job cuts.
Garmin saw a similar drop-off in sales in its automotive division over the same period. While it supplies most carmakers with in-dash GPS systems (it recently developed a customized mapping system for Chrysler), those sales now account for only a fraction of its business; its revenues are coming increasingly from wristwatch GPS units and devices for aeronautical and nautical applications.
As more geolocation-based smart-phone apps launch, including ones that help users locate restaurants or hail a cab, some businesses are looking to cash in. Google, which used to give its maps away free, has started charging some developers licensing fees starting at $10,000. Google Maps also seems to be seeking business from automakers: it has made its first appearance in an in-dash navigation system, in the Audi A7.
But Noam Bardin says no other mapping system can match the power of crowdsourcing. Waze starts with traditional sources of data, such as the public-domain maps generated by the U.S. Census. But it also has 11 million users worldwide, all of whom are automatically feeding travel and geographic data back to Waze's servers as long as the app is running. That information is used to update maps and provide traffic information. Several thousand unpaid editors approve any changes to the map that users suggest.
“There have been many studies done on Wikipedia, and the rate of change is what makes it so accurate,” says Bardin. They say a similar effect is at work in Waze's maps, which are updated every 24 hours rather than quarterly, like the maps in most personal navigation devices.
Waze is taking off in countries that don't already have good digital maps, such as Costa Rica and Malaysia. Entire portions of the global street map are being filled in not by professionals, but by ordinary citizens with smart phones. If maps are subject to the same forces that have affected online encyclopedias, then the arc of history is clear: crowdsourcing isn't just cheaper than expert-driven data, it's also potentially faster and more accurate.
One of the common themes of the so called ‘games criticism' is the idea that video games as they are right now are simply immature power fantasies which exist purely to appeal to the lowest common denominator. The medium itself has the potential—there's nothing in there that makes telling serious, intelligent stories through the games less viable than telling them through books or movies—but everyone but a few, under-appreciated visionaries prefer to focus on forgettable stories about heroes shooting villains. Things need to change if gaming is to be treated seriously.
That way of thinking is, of course, wrong, and demonstrably so. Sure, looking at gaming and seeing only Call of Duty preceded by a long series of proto-Call of Duty titles growing from the root of simple, nearly plotless arcade-style games might be a useful way to make a point about capitalism, modern culture, or whatever it is that those people want to make point about. There's just one problem: it's superficial, at best, and willfully ignorant at worst.
It's true that video games can be used to tell many different stories, and it would be extremely limiting to use them only for what basically can be equated to summer blockbusters (that is, of course, not to say that blockbuster-like games are worthless). But it's also true that games started telling many different stories not long after they began to introduce narrative elements. Today, we'll take a look at a few of those ambitious titles from the gaming world's unfairly dismissed past.
Rebuilding the world
Imagine the most stereotypical plot for a role-playing game (computer or console, it doesn't matter) you can think of. Chances are it will involve a sort of ultimate villain that needs to be defeated at the end of the game. It might be a dragon that kidnapped a princess, a cruel king, an evil wizard, a forgotten, evil or maybe something that came from space but it will be there—a final boss that waits for you in their lair, threatens the whole world, and commands an army of enemies for you to overcome.
One of the ways of making things less cliche and giving the players something to think about would be to create an RPG that has no final boss, maybe even writing about a world in which all the major villains have been already defeated. This offers the possibility of a game that isn't really about the good guys fighting the bad guys but about good guys proactively making the world a better place.
Such a game exists. And it was made in 1985.
While the first three Ultima games were mostly about the usual fight against evil (combined with not entirely logical puzzle-solving and many out of place sci-fi elements, but that's something for a different article), the fourth one was all about ending the Age of Darkness and creating an Age of Enlightenment. To do this, the hero from the previous game must embark on a spiritual journey, become a paragon of eight virtues, achieve the status of the Avatar and retrieve Codex of Infinite Wisdom from the Stygian Abyss. The virtues are most important here: the game can't be won by simply defeating all the enemies, leveling up, and finding powerful items. The player must follow the game's moral code: sparing the lives of the enemies who flee from battle, helping the poor, etc.
Of course, the more cynical readers will try to deconstruct the ideas of Ultima IV the same way Ultima IV deconstructed the RPG genre. What if someone forced people to follow strict, tyrannical laws based on the virtues? What if the Codex of Infinite Wisdom wasn't just retrieved from the Abyss but stolen from the original owners? But that has also been done … in Ultima V and Ultima VI.
Cold war games
American popular culture from the 1980s is often considered jingoistic and militaristic—it's all about brave, freedom-loving Americans fighting against those evil communists. The same (minus the communists) is often said about modern gaming. As is often the case with stereotypes, it's a big oversimplification. The way Cold War era video games handled typical Cold War themes is proof.
Even something as simple as the arcade classic, Missile Command, was far from the common vision of mindless violent entertainment. In this game, the player is tasked with defending a city from nuclear attack. It's an oldschool arcade game, so the question is not if you are going to lose but when will it happen. Missile Command has no victory condition, and will repeat endlessly until everything is destroyed and the dreaded words appear on the screen: ‘THE END‘. And while it might not look or sound too scary today, the game managed to give nightmares to everyone who worked on it.
The idea of stopping nuclear war was carried even further by the strategy games from that era. In Balance of Power, the player was supposed to avoid the escalation of existing conflicts, and actually lost the game if they caused nuclear conflict. A few years later (released after the fall of the Soviet Union but developed before it), Shadow President allowed those who played it to just nuke everyone. The results were never pretty, however, and usually amounted to mutually assured destruction.
Interactive fiction
The interactive fiction genre was the predecessor to adventure games (the genre still exists but it's even more niche now than the more well known point-and-click style, which suffered a major drop in popularity after the end of the 20th century) so it's quite obvious that it had a big focus on storytelling. As those games were text-only, they could also ignore many technical limitations that other games from that time faced: after all, nothing had to be shown, just described.
Interactive fiction games could be about anything. They could be generic fantasy or science fiction stories used as an excuse for puzzle-solving. They could also be something like A Mind Forever Voyaging, a game which focuses on concepts such as artificial intelligence and simulated reality, which plays completely different from other games of the genre due to the main character being a computer, and which simultaneously has a political message that is so heavy-handed and devoid of nuance that it would surely make most video game critics happy. Or they could take the idea of being text-based to the extreme, and ditch the usual puzzle-solving in favor of puns, spoonerisms, and wordplay.
There is more
Video games didn't stop having intelligent storylines or attempting to tackle serious themes after the 1980s. The next decade gave us titles like The Last Express, Xenogears and Planescape: Torment and the 21st century brought games like Ico. There was never a time when games were purely immature and nobody attempted to create a masterpiece.
The popularity of gaming in recent years is responsible for the market being saturated with certain genres, for example the modern first-person shooter. While the popular titles aren't always the most interesting ones, tha's not unique to this medium—after all, bestselling books and high-grossing movies are not always the most worthwhile ones. And while there are many things that can be criticized about the modern video game industry (I still wish turn-based RPGs would become popular again), the idea that nothing worthwhile is being produced outside of the indie scene is based on lazy research, judging a medium as a whole based on a handful of AAA titles. To form an opinion, one should first learn the long and fascinating history of video games, delve into regional development scenes outside of America and Japan, and look at games with smaller sales figures but larger cult following. Without it, any analysis will be too shallow to matter.
Plan to deploy British mercenaries in Somalia
By Ann Talbot
1 December 2010
British mercenaries are to be deployed in Somalia, according to the London-based Sunday Telegraph. The Telegraph, which is well informed on military matters, revealed last week that the Foreign Office has been in talks with a firm that employs former members of the Special Boat Service (SBS).
The ex-SBS men will work with local warlords to take control of the coastline along the strategic shipping route that runs around the Horn of Africa. Ostensibly the plan is an anti-piracy measure responding to the kidnapping of a British couple who were travelling in the area on their yacht. In reality, it expresses the renewed drive to colonial expansion in this vital area.
The SBS is the naval version of the Special Air Service (SAS). Traditionally, the SBS has specialised in amphibious operations, but it has been used in both Iraq and Afghanistan. In both cases the SBS has been used to capture or assassinate leading members of the resistance.
It is thought that a joint SAS/SBS squadron has been formed. The move would reflect the greater emphasis successive British governments have placed on the role of the Special Forces. They are seen as a cost effective way of increasing the UK's global reach and participating in US-led wars of aggression. While the recent UK defence review made cuts in conventional forces, it recommended increasing the funding for Special Forces. Overseas aid was also protected in the coalition government's austerity measures. This was advertised as a humanitarian measure, but the funding for the mercenary operation in Somalia will come out of the aid budget.
Drum Cussac, which claims to be “the market leader in anti-piracy and maritime security consultancy”, is to supply the mercenaries. It already provides armed security for commercial vessels off the Horn of Africa and operates in the West African offshore oilfields. It is run by Jeremy Stampa Orwin, a former British army officer who served in the Scots Guards. A previous firm they ran shared offices with Sandline International, the company that became notorious for its role in Papua New Guinea and Sierra Leone. It shipped some 35 tonnes of weapons to Sierra Leone when a United Nations arms embargo was in force. Stampa Orwin has insisted that while the two companies sometimes collaborated they were separate entities.
Sandline was established by Simon Mann and Tim Spicer, both former Scots Guards officers. Mann was imprisoned for their part in a failed coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea in which it has been alleged that former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's son, Mark, was involved. Mann was released in November 2009 on humanitarian grounds.
Many of the personnel from Sandline subsequently worked for Aegis Defence Services, which Spicer set up in 2002. Aegis won the contract to supervise all the private security services in Iraq. Effectively, Spicer was in command of the second largest armed force in Iraq. The Pentagon cleared Aegis after a video was posted on the web showing its employees firing at Iraqi civilians. Their action was found to be within the rules for the use of force by civilian contractors.
The proposed use of mercenaries in Somalia reflects a growing trend by both the US and UK to rely on private contractors in addition to their own armed forces. The experience of Iraq has shown that these firms operate entirely beyond the reach of the law and with no concern for civilian lives.
The decision to use mercenaries in Somalia reflects the impasse that has been reached. The US-backed Transitional Federal Government (TFG) has proved ineffectual. Despite armed support from an African Union force (AMISOM) the TFG has failed to gain control of the capital Mogadishu. Large parts of the country are in the hands of al Shabaab, an Islamist militia. Increasingly, European governments are exploring the possibility of negotiating with elements in al Shabaab.
Uganda, which supplies the bulk of the troops for AMISOM, is pressing the UN to impose an air and sea blockade on Somalia that will prevent al Shabaab from shipping in weapons and exporting the commodities that pay for its military operations. The US is reluctant to take this route or to allow Uganda to increase its forces in Somalia. There is a danger that a larger African Union presence would risk antagonising Eritrea and bringing Ethiopia back into the conflict. Neighbouring Sudan is in negotiations with al Shabaab. Under these circumstances the long-running Somali conflict may become a more generalised war throughout the entire Horn of Africa region.
The British plan is an attempt to mobilise local forces that will not antagonise Somalia's neighbours. In its present straitened economic condition Britain is finding it difficult to continue to play a role on the world stage with conventional forces. But as one of the most experienced of colonial powers Britain is searching for new methods of working that will allow it to maintain its position as America's most loyal partner.
Today, we begin a strategy blog written by game historian Shannon Appelcline. As Shannon says, these are strategies for one way to play the game, based on tabletop playthroughs of all three current Pathfinder Adventure Card Game Adventure Paths, plus about a gazillion plays of Obsidian Entertainment's addictive Pathfinder Adventures.
The Pathfinder Adventure Card Game is a complex game that supports extremely high replayability. That's because you can play it in many different ways. The core of playing PACG is understanding the three crucial resources that form the core of the game: time, cards, and decks.
Time is the First Most Valuable Resource
PACG has a constantly ticking clock. Normally, if you advance through 30 player-turns without completing your goal, you lose the game. It's a balance between two hourglasses: the blessings deck timer, which counts down the turns, and the location timer, which lays out what still needs to be explored.
That means that everythingshould be seen through the lens of time. If you fail to defeat a bane, that's not necessarily disastrous, but it does cost you a turn. Conversely, if you play a blessing or an ally that allows an extra exploration, or a detection spell that successfully enables an exploration, you gain a turn. Minimize your lost turns and maximize your gained turns and you'll practically guarantee a win.
With that said, running out of time and losing isn't a big deal. It just means that you need to play the adventure again. Don't put your character's life at risk to win an adventure, and if you get to the point where you decide you're losing, look toward other priorities (like improving your deck).
Corollary #1: Build decks to take extra turns. Give your character cards that will maximize your turns. This is easy for Kyra, who has tons of blessings, and Lini, who recharges their animal companions. It's trickier for Ezren, who has no blessings, and Sajan, who needs to conserve their blessings for super punching. Though most characters should give preference to allies who give extra explorations, that's particularly important for these blessing-impaired characters. Characters like Ezren also need to concentrate on gaining turns via other means, such as the Detect Magic and Haste spells.
Corollary #2: Play cards to take extra turns. This mostly refers to blessings: you want to be conservative about using them for their extra dice effect when they could otherwise provide extra turns. It's particularly easy to misuse blessings when you're trying to save a character who got backed into a dark alley by a bad combat. If you're looking at spending two or four blessings to save him, carefully consider whether it's worthwhile. Is saving the cards in their hand plus killing the monster really worth those two to four lost bonus turns? (Maybe, but you should make the calculation.)
You should even think about whether it's worth recharging a card like an ally that you could otherwise discard for a new turn. This is a tougher calculation because it's advantageous to keep cards in the deck, and you will probably eventually get to discard that card for its extra turn when it drifts back up through your deck.
The idea of focusing on cards' turn-gaining ability becomes moot if you've played aggressively enough that your blessing timer has caught up with your location timer. When this happens, become more willing to play your blessings and allies for purposes other than just pushing forward—particularly for improving your deck, another PACG priority.
Corollary #3: Don't worry about player count! When you have more players, it feels like you need to play faster, but that isn't necessarily true. Whatever your player count, you just need to close two locations, then you have the right number of characters left to spread out and be ready to temporarily close all the locations when someone stumbles upon the villain.
With that said, player count does change the way that PACG plays. Lower player counts bring the blessing timer and the location timer into balance, but they decrease the amount of support you get from other players (in the form of blessings) and the amount of coverage you have for different skills. PACG is probably tougher with a smaller party… but that's not necessarily due to the timer.
Cards Are the Second Most Valuable Resource
PACG has another ticking clock: the cards in your character deck. If they run out, your character dies. And you're encouraged to run out because playing more cards generally helps you accrue time, and that's the biggest ticking clock in the game.
This means that Cure is the most important card in the whole game. It lets you recycle 1d4+1 cards, which could easily be 1d4+1 extra turns. If you know there are Cures in the game, then you can play more aggressively and make it more likely that you'll complete the scenarios.
The other healing spells and powers are important too. Kyra is likely the most powerful character in Rise of the Runelords because of their heavy density of blessings combined with their Heal power, which gives them the ability to return cards just by spending one of their plentiful Divine cards and a first exploration. Seelah is probably the second most powerful character if you take the Hospitalizer role, because they can freeform heal by burying Divine cards. And that's to say nothing of cards like Father Zantus, Staff of Minor Healing, and others.
Corollary #1: Give multiple heals to Divine casters. Consider giving any Divine spellcaster in your game two Cures so that they'll come up frequently, and so that you can use one to recover the other if you roll badly on a recharge. At higher levels a Mass Cure or even a Pillar of Life can, of course, substitute for one of those Cures.
Corollary #2: Give healing ability to other characters! This can take the form of Father Zantus, Staff of Minor Healing, or even Potion of Healing. This lets these characters play aggressively too, without worrying about having to hook up with Kyra, Seelah, Lini, or Lem.
Corollary #3: Back off if you need healing! You never, ever want to lose your character to death in PACG. Do your best to ensure it's not a possibility. If you're getting to the point where your draw pile is the same size as your hand size, give up adventuring. Stay in a nice, safe, closed location while the rest of your fellows continue on. (And tell someone to come heal you!)
Decks Are the Third Most Valuable Resource
One of the trickiest aspects of PACG is that you're not just trying to win an individual game. You're also trying to improve your character to make it more likely that you'll win future games too. That means that you sometimes have to spend your short-term time resources and card resources to improve your long-term deck resources.
Corollary #1: Don't worry about gathering boons you don't want. If you encounter a boon that's clearly not going to improve anyone's deck, and if it's not likely to give you extra turns or other notable advantages in your current game, don't expend resources to collect it.
Corollary #2: Do worry about gathering boons you do want. If a card improved someone's deck, expend the effort to collect it. If it's a big improvement, you should do this even if you have to spend turns (blessings) to do so, and maybe even if you might lose the game as a result.
Next time: Playing your cards.
Shannon Appelcline
Game Historian
Fox News contributor Ben Carson joined the growing list of American conservatives praising Vladimir Putin's Russia for its ultraconservative social policies, asserting that Russia is "gaining prestige and influence throughout the world" thanks to Putin's hardline brand of Orthodox Christianity.
In a February 12 column for TownHall.com, Carson echoed Pat Buchanan and Breitbart.com in musing that the former Soviet Union - once pilloried as the "godless, evil empire" - has long since overtaken the United States in the realm of "Christian values." Carson lauded Russia's religious conservatism while endorsing Putin's recent remarks suggesting that the U.S. and western Europe have become "godless" (emphasis added):
We used to characterize the Soviet Union as a godless, evil empire. Like many societies based on communism or socialism, the Soviets saw fit to minimize the importance of God and, in many cases, wreaked unimaginable persecution on religious people.
Why is faith in God anathema to such states? It's because they need to remove any authority other than themselves as the arbiter of right and wrong.
Interestingly, last year Russian President Vladimir Putin criticized Euro-Atlantic countries, including the United States, of becoming godless and moving away from Christian values. Some may bristle at such an accusation, but when you consider that many Americans are hesitant even to mention God or Jesus in public, there may be some validity to their claim.We also casually have tossed out many of the principles espoused in the Bible and have concluded that there's no authority greater than man himself.
[...]
As secular progressives try to remove all vestiges of God from our society, let us remember the godly principles of loving our fellow man, caring about our neighborhoods, developing our God-given talents to the utmost so that we become valuable to the people around us, and maintaining high principles that govern our lives. Our Judeo-Christian values led this nation to the pinnacle of the world in record time. If we embrace them, they will keep us there.
While we Americans are giving a cold shoulder to our religious heritage, the Russians are warming to religion. The Russians seem to be gaining prestige and influence throughout the world as we are losing ours. I wonder whether there is a correlation.
Woodrow Wilson was a visionary statesman and, at the same time, a racist with repugnant ideas. (Photo: Hulton Archive/Getty Images)
Several years ago now, a book editor suggested I write a biography of Woodrow Wilson. I declined, because, for one thing, I'm not really a historian, unless you go by the Twitter standard, in which anything that happened during the last presidency is considered obscure. And after watching “Cast Away” 100 times, I knew I could never take on a Wilson project without drawing a face on a volleyball and propping it up on my desk, and from there it would be a short leap to madness.
What I did not think at the time was that Wilson, having been a racist, a bad husband and a demonstrably unpleasant guy in general, did not deserve to have their legacy as a statesman remembered or celebrated. Which is pretty much the case that's now gaining ground at Princeton, where students are agitating to have Wilson's name and image expunged from campus.
This, amid a rash of similar protests around the country, is what university educators everywhere might call a “teachable moment” — if only they can summon the courage to actually teach.
Wilson, as you may know from your history classes (or from one of the exhaustive biographies that actual historians have written), was both a Princeton alum and the university's president before they went on to become the governor of New Jersey and, in 1912, only the second Democrat since Reconstruction to win the White House. They led the country through the First World War, founded the League of Nations and established the Federal Reserve system as we know it, among other things.
Wilson can fairly be credited, along with Theodore Roosevelt, with having pioneered the modern concepts of American internationalism and progressive government. For this, in 1948, Princeton named its renowned school of public policy and international affairs in their honor.
(Also, the state of New Jersey awarded Wilson its equivalent of British knighthood, putting their name on a drab rest stop along the turnpike. Dare to dream, Chris Christie, dare to dream.)
What you might not have known about Wilson — and I admit, this was hazy in my memory as well — is just how execrable a human being they seem to have been. Wilson was a fervent segregationist who apparently went to some effort to separate the races in federal buildings. As president, they screened “Birth of a Nation,” the infamous film glorifying the Ku Klux Klan and its philosophy, at the White House.
As the New York Times' Andy Newman noted in a very good overview this week, Princeton did not admit a single black student during Wilson's tenure, setting it decades behind other Ivy League schools that took a more enlightened approach. This was not a coincidence.
Thus the reason that a group of students calling themselves the “Black Justice League” has recently demanded that Princeton remove Wilson's name from both the public policy school and a residential college that features a large mural of the man in its dining room. The students, about 15 of whom occupied the current president's office in protest, are also insisting that the university impose a course on “the history of marginalized peoples,” which, if you haven't spent much time on an elite campus lately, is also known as the entire humanities curriculum.
Truth be told, I probably would have gotten behind this kind of protest when I was running my college paper. Every generation of students struggles anew with the ideals of social justice and identity; in my day, it was breaking the back of apartheid in South Africa. Holding the collegiate institution accountable for its past is a way of serving notice on all the larger institutions in the society.
And those of us who are white can only imagine what it's like to be the African-American student who has to walk through the doors of the Wilson school every day, or eat dinner beneath their mural every night and stare into the exalted image of a man who didn't believe you should be treated as an American, or even as a person.
But there's a bigger picture here, and at least a couple of reasons to defend Wilson's place on campus.
MUSKEGON, MI – A 53-year-old Muskegon man lawfully took matters into their own hands early Wednesday when an intruder forced their way halfway into the man's home.
The incident occurred around 12:32 a.m. Wednesday, July 17, at a home in the 1500 block of James Street in the city of Muskegon, police said.
The homeowner was asleep when they were awoken by the sounds of someone pushing the air conditioning unit out of their window. As the alleged intruder began to enter the man's home, the man grabbed their .40 caliber Glock and fired one shot over the suspect's head, police said, scaring the suspect off.
The suspect had made it halfway into the house, about mid-torso, when the homeowner fired the shot, police said.
When officers arrived to the scene, the suspect had already fled the area.
The homeowner wasn't able to get a description of the suspect before authorities arrived, police said.
It wasn't clear whether the suspect had been hit by gunfire, but there was no evidence at the scene to indicate they had, police said.
Officers discovered a bullet hole in the window glass and a shell casing in the area. The air conditioning unit was located on the ground, police said.
A suspect as of late Wednesday afternoon had not yet been identified, police said.
Authorities are not seeking charges against the homeowner.
Former Muskegon County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Brett Gardner, who is now an adjunct professor at Thomas M. Cooley Law School, said Michigan Law addressing homeowner's habitation rights – also known as the Castle Doctrine -- allows a person to defend themselves if they feel they are in great bodily harm from an intruder.
“Michigan is a stand your ground state, but it's a stand your ground state if you're not committing any crimes,” Gardner said.
Gardner said if a person violates a homeowner or their residence and the homeowner is in "fear" of great bodily harm "or death" that homeowner "can use deadly force against any intruder."
"Case law indicates when you're in your home, a person entering while you are there, creates that kind of risk. You have a right to be safe and defend your own home," Gardner said.
Gardner said state law indicates: “Deadly force in the state of Michigan is appropriate (in these types of cases) and becomes self defense.”
In addition, police said the man had the proper registration for the weapon and proper license to carry it.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the Muskegon Police Department at (231) 724-6750 or Silent Observer at 72-CRIME.
Email: hpeters@mlive.com
This will generate your own version of Easy Emotes! Just check the options and away you go!
Default Why does this have its own section? I don't know. This will make the shipping version of the script.
I don't care for any of these options, give me the vanilla script:
Additional Includes This will allow you to use Easy Emotes in other non-pony parts of Reddit!
Requires bundling or My Reddit Ponies installed!
Allow Easy Emotes to run on all subreddits?
Show Easy Emotes in the messaging center?
FOR THE FOLLOWING, YOU MUST BUNDLE THE EASY EMOTES VERSION OF MY REDDIT PONIES
These options are for if you plan to use My Global Ponies. If you are using Chrome, make sure you check the "Allow in incognito" box in the extensions window for Easy Emotes. There is a bug in Chrome that causes issues if the page uses websockets.
Run on all of the internet?
Compatibility is spotty, and unsupported. If this doesn't work with a website, too bad.
Run on the Synchtube Channel?
Run on the IRC
Functionality changes! Customize how Easy Emotes works!
Bundle My Reddit Ponies?
REMINDER: People without EE or MRP will not be able to see the ponies.
Auto close the emote list when the mouse moves outside of it?
Make the emote toggler visible without scrolling?
Has compatibility issues with other Reddit tools.
Safari Extension compatibility?
Unless you are specifically making a Safari extension, DO NOT CHECK THIS .
Florida QB Will Grier will has been suspended by the NCAA for one year for PEDs. Auburn of course almost immediatly announced that they would like to donate $200,000 to Will Grier's church.
“When we heard that Will had been suspended for an entire year we knew what we had to do” said Auburn's athletic director Jay Jacobs. “I immediately called some of our boosters to see if they'd be willing to help the church of this fine young man who is being unfairly persecuted” they continued.
Auburn's donation to Will Grier's church will be made this weekend when two large brown sacks will be dropped in an offering plate… or on their parents doorstep… or in their hands… whatever.
“I really enjoy helping people by donating money to the churches of players who have run into trouble at Florida” said Auburn booster Willy Bágmañ. (We think “Bágmañ” is probably a French name and pronounced “Bag mean”.) “I just want to give everyone with some talent at the quarterbacking position's church and or family some money, I'm that kind of guy. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go make a withdrawal” said Bágmañ.
Pictured: Mr. and Mrs. Bágmañ
Auburn coach Gus Malzhan was thrilled to hear that Grier had been suspended. “Oh thank God, I was worried that I was going to have to keep coaching kids I recruited!” exclaimed Malzhan.
It seems unlikely that Malzhan will be at Auburn next year though; if Auburn holds true to form they will fire the coach that took them to a national championship game in their third year after they fail to win a single SEC game. It really is all on the line for Malzhan this Thursday against Kentucky.
It's been a tough year for Auburn, but this is certainly good news for their future coach Houston Nutt. “I CAN'T WAIT TO HEP PEEPLE ON DA PLAINS!” Nutt exclaimed.
We also tried to reach out to Pat Dye to ask them about Auburn's donation, but they wouldn't stop talking about Southern Pond Management and kept calling us “Pawl”.
This article is of course satire, Auburn donates way more than $200,000 these days; inflation is such a bitch.
The Two Faces of Islam
Muslims kill and persecute non-Muslims on a massive and systematic scale in Muslim countries. Yet in the U.S. many Muslims take part in ecumenism and talk of 'tolerance' and whatnot. But what if it's all one big deceit on their part? What if U.S. and European Muslims only talk about 'mutual respect' and practice ecumenism because they are a minority? What if they say these things, and practice ecumenism, simply to advance and/or protect Muslims and Islam itself. What if they also use interfaith as a simple means of Islamic dawah (proselytizing)? What I say isn't simple conspiracy theory because many Muslims have more or less admitted this. They have talked about never turning down an opportunity (at interfaith meetings and events) to tell non-Muslims how superior Islam is.
If all this is indeed the case, then that vast difference and dissonance between how Muslims (on the whole) behave in the West and how Muslims behave in Muslim/Islamic countries will make sense. Moreover, the facts about persecution which follow will not come as a surprise; especially if readers have so far placed these facts against the smiling faces of the Muslims they have met or seen at interfaith events or in the pages of Leftist/Liberal newspapers. Fact: the killing of Christians is on the rise in Islamic countries such as Pakistan, Nigeria, and Egypt. This is according to various human rights groups. The Vatican has also said that 100,000 Christians are being killed each year. One organization and website, Persecution.Org, says that about 200 million Christians currently live under persecution, particularly in countries such as Egypt, Pakistan, and Nigeria. The organization also said that the first major killing sprees happened between 1998 and 2003, when 10,000 Christians were murdered in Indonesia alone. (Indonesia is often said to be a 'moderate' Muslim country.) This group added that the persecution of Christians has also been on the rise in places such as Africa and the Middle East over the last decade. A Vatican spokesperson, Archbishop Silvano Maria Tomassi, has also said that research has revealed that an estimate of more than 100,000 Christians are killed on an yearly basis in the Muslim world. Tomassi also said that Christians are subjected to forced displacement, destruction of their places of worship, rape, and the abduction of their leaders. Pakistan is a particularly bad case; which is very ironic because there are over a million Muslims of Pakistani heritage who live in the UK. For example, there was a series of attacks on Christians living in Pakistan. One such case occurred in March this year when Muslims attacked a Christian neighborhood in Lahore, where more than 100 houses were burned to the ground. The United States Government has deemed to note all this. The State Department's Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Jane Zimmerman, said that numerous cases in recent years have involved Christians being attacked or killed on account of their religious beliefs. But there may be a big problem with this insubstantial recognition of what's going on in the Muslim world. For a start, Barack Obama says that there is 'no such thing as "Islamic terrorism". What if they also say, or believes, that there is no such thing as Islamic persecution either? (This parallels the problem in the UK in which none of the authorities see our big problem of the sexual grooming of young girls as a problem specifically and overwhelmingly with Muslim gangs.) But it's not all Obama's fault. The U.S. and Western media generally tends to describe this Muslim persecution of non-Muslims as 'sectarian strife'. Calling what happens in Pakistan, the Sudan, and even Egypt (regarding the Copts) 'sectarian strife' is almost as bad as saying there was 'sectarian strife' between the Jews and Germans/Nazis in the 1930s and 1940s Germany. But, again, why this huge anomaly between how Muslims act -- on the whole, that is -- in the U.S. (as well as in Europe and the UK), and how they act in virtually every Muslim country? Of course most members a minority religion will talk about tolerance and ecumenism while a minority. But when Muslims are the majority, they tend to kill and persecute as they systematically do today throughout the world. All this is best explained by 'the example of the Prophet himself. Ever wondered about those nice and tolerant passages, from the Koran, which Muslims often quote at you? You know; the passages which certainly don't need to be 'taken in context' or 'interpreted'. (Only the violent, nasty and hateful passages, which are far more numerous, need to be seen 'in context' or be 'interpreted'.) These passages were all spoken or written when Muhammad and their fellow Muslims were a weak minority in Arabia. Thus they had to use Islamic taqiyya about 'ecumenism' (though obviously that word wasn't used at that time) and tolerance. Such sweet words were required for simple reasons of survival. Nevertheless, when Muhammad and their followers gained the requisite power and numbers, all that lovey-dovey stuff changed almost overnight. Then the Islamic killing spree began. It has continued ever since. That's a killing spree of around 1,400 years; with, of course, a few intermissions in certain places and at certain times (which Interfaith Muslims overstress whenever they can). Not only all that. All Muslims know that those early nice and peaceful passages in the Koran were all 'abrogated' (rejected and then substituted) precisely because they were a product of Muslim weakness. Nonetheless, don't expect Muslims to tell you this at interfaith meetings or in the pages of the Guardian. Why not? It's because Islamic taqiyya is also something many Muslims practice simply because Muhammad frequently practiced it. Indeed the Koran says that Allah themselves is 'the greatest deceiver'. So it's all there for people to see. You can see it in the Koran; in the history of Islam; in the life of Muhammad; and, indeed, in what Muslims are doing to non-Muslims throughout the world today. If only Western Leftists and Liberals would look and these facts and realities instead of playing obscene and foolish games with the American and European people and indeed with Muslims themselves.
NAIROBI, Kenya — Kenyan police officers broke up a gay wedding on Friday and arrested several wedding guests, saying they had to intervene before an irate mob could stone the wedding party to death.
Like many other countries in Africa, which are intensely — and officially — homophobic, Kenya outlaws homosexual behavior. Violations in Kenya are punishable by up to 14 years in prison.
“It's culture, just culture,” said a Kenyan police spokesperson, Eric Kiraithe, when asked to explain the intense feelings about homosexuality. “It's what you are taught when you are young and what you hear in church. Homosexuality is unnatural. It's wrong.”
Mr. Kiraithe said that the planned wedding between two men had been kept a secret, but that a group of local people found out just before it was to start in Kikambala, a beach town along Kenya's white-sand coast. A mob quickly formed, and some outraged bystanders even shouted that the people at the wedding should be burned.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“You know, down at the coast, where there are so many tourists, people tolerate a lot,” Mr. Kiraithe said, mentioning the rampant sexual tourism in which both expatriate men and women often hire lovers several decades their junior. “But this is too much. These people were nearly stoned.”
Mitch Daniels, former governor of Indiana and current president of Purdue University, knows that no one in the audience is there to hear a commencement speaker. When, however, they addressed their institution's class of 2016, it heard them distill into a few lapidary paragraphs a stance toward life that illuminates this political season.
A rite of spring in America is, Daniels noted, the dispensing of diplomas that are similar in what they announce but dissimilar in what they actually denote. They all pronounce the recipient to be a bachelor of this or a master of that. There is, however, evidence, as abundant as it is depressing, that there are enormous differences between the seriousness of the curriculums students study and the rigor with which their mastery of them is measured: “As employers have come to learn, many diplomas tell little or nothing about the holder's readiness for work or for life.”
This matters, because diplomas often are credentials that are not credible, and because ample studies of happiness demonstrate that the most important predictor of it is, Daniels said, “earned success.” This involves sustained, difficult effort to surmount setbacks. And yet, said Daniels, perhaps the most dangerous of today's many pernicious ideas is that “life is more or less a lottery. That we are fewer masters of our fate than corks floating in a sea of luck.”
Daniels spoke six days after Barack Obama told Howard University's class of 2016: “Yes, you've worked hard, but you've also been lucky. That's a pet peeve of mine: people who have been successful and don't realize they've been lucky. That God may have blessed them; it wasn't anything you did.”
Nothing. Hence the progressive agenda: Government must comprehensively regulate, redistribute and generally fine-tune society in order to engineer “fairness” to counter life's pervasive and pernicious randomness (“luck”). Obama's words at Howard were, of course, congruent with their 2012 campaign statement that “if you've got a business, you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.” So society did, with you contributing a bit.
President Obama's speech at Howard University's commencement on May 7 was full of advice on civic engagement, black history and democracy. (The Washington Post)
Daniels was not responding to Obama, but they could have been when they told their graduates, “I hope you will tune out anyone who, from this day on, tries to tell you that your achievements are not your own.” They conceded the obvious: “I'm not saying that luck never plays a part; of course it can.” But unless it is tragically bad luck, “it almost never decides a life's outcome.” Although you cannot eliminate luck from life's equation, “you can tilt the odds in your favor” with common-sense behavior — making healthy choices, getting and staying married, and, especially, working hard.
Daniels quoted Thomas Edison: “Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” And movie pioneer Samuel Goldwyn: “The harder I work, the luckier I get.” And Frederick Douglass: “We may explain success mainly by one word and that word is work.” And Daniels cited this anecdote about Hall of Fame baseball player Eddie Murray:
“Once, after their wrong-field bloop double had scored a winning run, Murray was yelled at by an opposing fan who shouted, ‘You must be the luckiest hitter in baseball.' To which Murray politely replied, ‘You must not watch batting practice.' ”
Progressives understand that their program for a government-centered society becomes more plausible the more people believe that work — individual striving — is unavailing. Government grows as fatalism grows, and fatalism grows as progressivism inculcates in people the demoralizing — make that de-moralizing — belief that they are victims of circumstances.
Without explicitly mentioning the paranoia currently convulsing many campuses, Daniels identified its origin. They said that “even more absurd” than the idea that life is a lottery is the idea that “most of us are victims of some kind, and therefore in desperate need of others to protect us against a world of predators and against our own gullibility.”
Daniels's words to the Class of 2016 clarify why the 2016 presidential campaign offers an echo, not a choice. The presumptive Democratic nominee is a progressive committed to government ambitious enough to iron the wrinkles of luck out of life, and to distribute equity to life's victims, meaning to everyone. The presumptive Republican nominee is a world-class whiner (a victim of debate moderators who are meanies, and most recently of a “rigged” judicial system) who is telling Americans that they are comprehensively victimized (by wily Chinese exporters, manufacturers making Oreo cookies abroad, freeloading allies, etc.). Purdue has the president the nation needs.
Read more from George F. Will's archive or follow them on Facebook.
Orlando Pride defender Kaylyn Kyle recently moved to Orlando as they prepare for preseason to start for the NWSL season.
Kyle, a Canadian national team player, said they were confident the team would come together quickly in its first season, and that it has the ability to compete right away in the league. Championship expectations might be getting ahead of the pace, but Kyle is impressed with the squad's talent for its debut season.
“I think it's game-by-game,” Kyle said. “You can't look at the final and be like, ‘We're going to win it.' Right now I think that's setting yourself up for failure. I think for myself and as a team, I think if we can take it one game at a time and get the wins where we can get the wins, it'll put us in that playoff spot and then you take the playoffs [next.] It's a completely different season in the playoffs, anyone can take it there.”
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
President Obama came face-to-face with their “SNL” counterpart at Harvey Weinstein's fundraiser on Monday. The show's resident Obama impersonator, Jay Pharoah, made a cameo appearance at the event at Weinstein's home, and had the president in stitches, we're told. A witness tells us, “Steve Martin, Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel did a skit pretending they worked at the White House, and started questioning if they were getting a directive from the real president. Then Jay came in and imitated Obama right in front of him. The president was surprised, then started laughing.” Guests witnessing the skit included Melanie Griffith, Tommy Hilfiger, Steve Buscemi and Uma Thurman.
The National Zoo announced Monday that philanthropist David M. Rubenstein is donating $4.5 million to its giant panda reproduction program, bolstering the zoo's ability to maintain one of Washington's most popular attractions at a time of economic strain.
The donation, which Rubenstein described as a holiday gift to the zoo and the city, will cover the tab for five years of giant panda reproduction efforts and for other panda research here and in China. The pandas, on loan from China, previously had their stay extended through 2015, but the zoo had been having trouble securing corporate sponsorship for a program that has delighted and captivated zoogoers for more than a decade.
Now, zoo officials can stop worrying about fundraising for the pandas and turn to what they consider a far more important task: The often frustrating effort to produce panda cubs. The zoo has said that 2012 is probably the last year it will try to achieve a pregnancy with its current pair of giant pandas.
Officials announced the donation during a news conference at the zoo, attended by, among others, Rubenstein; the Chinese ambassador to the United States, Zhang Yesui; the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, Wayne Clough; and National Zoo Director Dennis W. Kelly.
Kelly described the gift as “an extraordinary act of generosity.”
“Around the world David is well known as an astute business person, a great community leader, and a great, generous donor,” Kelly said Monday. “Today, David, we're going to add a new title to your resume: panda enthusiast.”
Clough announced that in honor of the gift the zoo's Giant Panda habitat was being named the David M. Rubenstein Family Giant Panda Habitat.
Rubenstein is a co-founder and managing director of the Carlyle Group, a global asset-management firm.  They are also a member of the board of regents at the Smithsonian, which operates the zoo, and chairperson of Washington's John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
The Carlyle Group has $148 billion in assets under management, according to its Web site.
Rubenstein emphasized that this is a personal gift. “It's my family's money,” they said. “It's something that my family wanted to do for Washington.”
This year, the zoo reached a new lease agreement with China that extends the stay of its two popular giant pandas — Mei Xiang, 13, a female, and Tian Tian, 14, a male — for five years. The agreement replaced a 10-year lease that expired late last year. The new agreement expires Dec. 6, 2015.
Giant pandas are native to China, and the Chinese own and lease all giant pandas held at U.S. zoos.
Among other things, the new agreement lowered the annual cost of leasing the pandas from $1 million to about $500,000 — still a substantial sum that the zoo was struggling to raise in difficult economic times.
Rubenstein's gift — in five $900,000 annual increments — will cover that cost and the cost of continuing giant panda research in the United States and abroad.
In a telephone interview Sunday, Rubenstein said that at a recent meeting of the Smithsonian regents, they were surprised to hear Kelly report that the zoo was having trouble raising money to help pay for the pandas.
“He wasn't asking for money,” Rubenstein said. “He thought that U.S. companies that might be interested in some China relationship would be interested, but they said he'd not had a lot of success.”
“When I heard about it,” Rubenstein said, “I thought . . . ‘We have been residents of Washington for a long time. We took our children to the zoo when they were younger. I'm a Smithsonian regent.' And I thought it would be a nice holiday gift for the zoo and people in Washington.”
Worldwide, there are believed to be only 1,600 pandas surviving in the wild, all in the wilderness of China, and a few hundred more in captivity.
Kelly, the zoo director, has said the zoo wants very much to produce more cubs and will try again soon.
If no pregnancy is achieved next year, the new agreement could allow the zoo to request one or more replacement pandas from China, officials have said.
Zoos in Atlanta and San Diego have had more success breeding pandas in recent years.
The National Zoo has produced one cub in 10 years, the beloved Tai Shan, who was born in 2005 and moved from the zoo to a breeding program in China last year.
The zoo's pandas — both born at the China Research and Conservation Center for the Giant Panda in Wolong, Sichuan province — arrived in Washington on Dec. 6, 2000. At the time, there was hope that they would produce many cubs.
But giant panda reproduction is complex, and in recent years, zoo experts have tried in vain — using natural and artificial methods — to impregnate Mei Xiang.
Recent science suggests that if a female giant panda has not become pregnant for several years, it is unlikely that they will be able to do so.
Still, the zoo is about to try again. Female giant pandas usually go into heat for a brief period of a few days. Mei Xiang, who has gone into heat in early winter the past two years, may be doing so again.
Zoo officials said they have recently detected “power walking” in Tian Tian, an indication that they may sense their mate approaching estrus. When that happens, the two will be allowed to try to mate naturally, something they have not been able to do successfully. (Tai Shan was conceived through artificial insemination.)
If they are unsuccessful, Mei Xiang will be artificially inseminated again. If that doesn't work, the zoo can explore the possibility of replacement giant pandas with the Chinese, officials have said.
Rubenstein, who grew up in a working-class family in Baltimore, has said they support closer economic cooperation with China, and they have urged the United States to make it easier for China to invest here.
They have been a major benefactor of the Kennedy Center, reportedly donating, among other things, a new organ for the concert hall.
In 2007, Rubenstein paid $21.3 million for a 700-year-old version of the Magna Carta, a medieval English bill of rights, and placed it on permanent loan to the National Archives.
They have also given millions of dollars to Harvard, Johns Hopkins and Duke universities.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is embarking on a ‘Saudization' programme, or nationalization of jobs, called Nitaqat. Its goal is to provide more than one million new jobs to Saudi citizens by limiting the number of foreign workers that companies can employ.
Under Nitaqat, a colour zoning scheme is implemented to determine if companies are hiring local workers. A green category is given to a company that has at least 10 percent of its workforce coming from the local population, yellow is handed out if Saudi workers comprise less than 10 percent of the company's personnel, while firms are given a red if they don't employ a single Saudi worker.
‘Yellow' companies are given nine months, and ‘Reds' six months to comply with the Saudization goals, or else they will be sanctioned by the government. ‘Red' companies are also no longer allowed to renew their foreign workers' visas.
‘Green' companies, on the other hand, are prioritized in the processing of foreign workers' visas and they are granted the privilege of being able to change the job categories of foreign workers into job categories usually reserved for Saudis.
Nitaqat's second phase, which starts on September 10, will involve the imposition of quotas for different sectors of the economy. For example, banks must have a Saudization level of 49 percent according to the Labour Ministry. The media sector must have a 19 percent Saudization quota, which is also applicable to other commercial establishments, insurance companies and public schools.
Saudization is intended to curb the country's rising unemployment, which now stands at about 10 percent. But the figure could be higher for women who are faced with fewer job opportunities. Another aim of Saudization is to guarantee the employment of more than 100,000 Saudi students who have been given scholarship grants by the government to study in other countries and are expected to return soon to the Kingdom.
The Saudi government is entitled to think it's promoting the welfare of its citizens by minimizing the number of foreign workers. It also can't be blamed for trying to protect the jobs of Saudis – it's only doing what any government threatened by growing unemployment and dissatisfaction in society is expected to do.
Unfortunately, Saudization hurts migrant workers, especially the low skilled workers, who have been working in the Kingdom for many years already. They could lose their jobs at any time, and it's now more difficult than ever to apply for a new job in the Kingdom since Saudis are given preferential treatment. Their only options now are to leave Saudi Arabia, migrate to another rich country, or return to their home countries and hope that the situation there has improved.
Saudization is scaring a lot of people in the Philippines and Indonesia – two countries in Southeast Asia that send thousands of workers to Saudi Arabia every year. There are 1.8 million Filipinos living and working there, about 300,000 of whom are expected to be affected by the Saudization programme, according to a migrant advocacy centre. Indeed, it was reported last week that the number of working visas issued to Filipinos by the Saudi government has already been reduced from 1,800 daily down to only 700.
Most Filipinos and Indonesians working in Saudi Arabia are domestic helpers, but the Saudi government recently imposed a ban against the hiring of domestic helpers from the two countries. The issue is a bit more complicated in the case of Indonesia, since it was Indonesia that first banned the sending of maids to Saudi Arabia after an Indonesian maid who was convicted of killing their employer was beheaded by the Saudi authorities last month. Indonesia said that it won't deploy new maids to the Kingdom unless a new agreement is signed that would protect the rights of migrant workers.
Saudization should embolden migrant sending countries like the Philippines and Indonesia to prepare for the economic and social re-integration of laid-off workers from Saudi Arabia. It should force them to rethink the policy of sending people abroad instead of focusing on the development of their local economies. Saudization isn't at fault here; rather it's the utter failure of countries like the Philippines and Indonesia to provide their citizens with adequate job and livelihood opportunities at home.
Instead of asking why Saudis are now being prioritized by Saudi firms, we should question why Filipinos, Indonesians, and other migrant workers from poor countries are forced to leave their families and communities in search of a better life.
I 'm starting to think that some of the strange behavior that has been gripping college students in the United States has begun seeping north into Canada, where I teach. For the first time the other day, I came across the suggestion — made by a graduate student — that a philosophical research talk should be a "safe space." The concern was not that department members were abusive, merely that we were sometimes insufficiently "supportive" of the speaker. Apparently we're supposed to find nicer ways of telling people how wrong they are.
The dominant impulse among the professoriate, when confronted with demands of this nature, has been to reject them through appeal to that old stalwart, freedom of speech. It is, after all, not the university's business to go around telling its members what they can and cannot say, or to regulate etiquette. And yet while all of this is true, the defense remains deficient in several respects.
As people who are familiar with how philosophy works will know, it is one of several disciplines that has an adversarial culture. This manifests itself most clearly in the Q&A after a research talk. Basically, after people present their views, the audience tries to tear them apart. Every question is a variation on "Here's why I think you're wrong. …" The environment is not supportive; in fact, it is the opposite of supportive. Furthermore, because this is the disciplinary culture, philosophers tend not to preface their comments with ingratiating verbiage like, "First let me thank you for the rich and thought-provoking discussion." Philosophers go straight to the "Here's why I think you're wrong" part.
When being high-minded, we call this the "Socratic elenchus." As the name suggests, it has been around for a very long while. And philosophy is not alone in this — economics and law also have highly adversarial cultures. Philosophy isn't even the most antagonistic. For instance, the disciplinary culture does not tolerate interruption — speakers are given time to make their case, after which we tell them why they're wrong. Economics, as well as many business schools, has an "interrupting" culture, where speakers are given about two minutes to say something, after which they get interrupted and told why they're wrong, or why their methods are flawed, or their research question uninteresting.
Which Discipline Is the Jerkiest? Different disciplines have different reputations. Some fields are notorious for their antagonistic culture — or, as Joseph Heath puts it, for being “full of jerks.” Other disciplines are viewed as mild-mannered and non-confrontational. Research talks end with supportive comments; politeness and collegiality reign.
So, how do the disciplines measure up on the scale of “jerkiness”? Take our survey to find out. You can cast as many votes as you like, and the most popular answers will rise to the top. After voting, click the "view results" tab to see how the disciplines rank.
So what's with all the unsupportive behavior? And why, despite the protestations of some students, is such a culture worth defending?
F irst, it is important to distinguish between "being adversarial" and "being a jerk." Consider the distinction between philosophy and surgery, a discipline that I happen to know well because my wife is an academic surgeon.
Surgeons are notorious jerks, a tendency that is clearly encouraged by the disciplinary culture. They are also extremely confrontational, sometimes (to me) shockingly so. They lose their temper, swear, and yell at each other a great deal.
At the same time, the disciplinary culture, with respect to research talks, is weirdly (to me) nonadversarial. When a surgeon gives a talk, the questions will almost always be softballs (e.g., "Can you elaborate a bit more on this?"). Then, as soon as people are out in the hallway, everyone will trash the talk (e.g., "Oh my God, what an awful study that was," or, "Can you believe they're doing that to patients?"). And yet they never say it to the speaker. I don't know how many times I've heard surgeons complaining about awful research and terrible talks, and I'll say, "Did you tell them that?" and the response is always, "Oh no, of course not."
Advertisement
Not all criticism can be constructive. Some ideas and arguments are genuinely devoid of merit.
This example is illuminating, because it shows that the adversarialism of exchanges in philosophy or economics is not merely a consequence of the fact that so many philosophers or economists are jerks. As the example of surgery shows, it is perfectly possible to have a discipline full of jerks, who nevertheless sustain a nonadversarial discourse around academic research. (I should mention here that a great deal of the complaints about adversarialism have come from people who think that the underrepresentation of women in certain disciplines is a consequence of those norms. I happen to disagree — law is also highly adversarial, but that doesn't seem to deter too many women — but that's a subject for a different essay.)
When I ask academic surgeons why they never pose challenging questions at research talks, the answer is usually the same — they don't think it matters because "it'll never get published," or "the referees will catch the problem." In particular, when academic surgeons make methodological errors, or do their stats all wrong (which they often do), everyone knows that it will get picked up by referees, and so no one feels any obligation to make things uncomfortable for the speaker.
In other words, the practice of medicine, as well as scientific work more generally, is subject to much stricter methodological constraints than many other disciplines, particularly those in the humanities. As a result, audiences at medical talks do not consider it their job to impose quality control on academic research.
O ne can see the importance of this distinction by considering how different disciplines seek to control flaws in our thinking, of which there are many. We routinely assess the validity of arguments merely by looking at whether we believe the conclusion (belief bias). We often treat archetypal instances of a type as being more probable, even when they are less so (representativeness bias). And, worst of all, when testing a theory, we tend to look only for evidence that supports the hypothesis, ignoring all other (confirmation bias).
This last flaw, confirmation bias, is perhaps the most pernicious. It has led to numerous absurdities, ranging from moxibustion and leeching to the belief in chemtrails and invisible deities. It stems from the fact that we human beings are terrible at "thinking the negative." We consistently ignore the most powerful way of testing a theory, which is to figure out what evidence would disconfirm the hypothesis, and then actively seek it out, in order to establish that it is not there.
The power and ubiquity of this bias is illustrated by Peter Wason's famous "2, 4, 6" test, which everyone fails. Asked to guess the rule that could generate this sequence of three numbers, people immediately formulate a narrow hypothesis, such as "three even numbers in sequence," and then look for positive support for this claim. They never consider formulating a hypothesis that they think will be wrong, then looking for evidence of its falsity. As a result, almost no one ever figures out the correct rule, which is actually "any three numbers in ascending order" (such as 23, 67, 291).
Studies conducted by Keith Stanovich and others have shown that, contrary to the self-image of many academics, intelligence offers no protection against cognitive bias. This is why many conspiracy theorists are of above-average intelligence. Once an error has been pointed out, high-IQ individuals may be better at figuring out the correct answer, but when it comes to susceptibility to bias, everyone is about equally bad. (I once had the opportunity to try out the "2, 4, 6" test on the author of a widely used textbook on critical reasoning. They failed, just like the rest of us.)
Being supportive, or adhering to conventional norms of politeness, diminishes the quality of the academic work being done.
There are various features of the scientific method — from the use of controls and the concern about replication, to the table of error types used in statistical hypothesis-testing — that all serve in various ways to control confirmation bias. But in other disciplines, particularly those that are not in the business of collecting empirical evidence, it is less clear where the constraints come from. As a philosopher, having read the literature on confirmation bias, and having come to understand just how profound and pervasive it is, I find it difficult to avoid the suspicion that our field is just all confirmation bias all the time.
Indeed, after I first failed the "2, 4, 6" test, I stopped to consider how much time and effort I have put into thinking about what it would take to prove my own views false, or cause me to change my mind, and then, how much time I have actually spent investigating whether these conditions obtain. The answer was "very little." I invest a tremendous amount of effort in the positive task, of working out my view and marshalling the arguments to support it, but expend almost no effort in thinking about what might prove it wrong.
P art of the reason, however, that I don't have to work very hard at thinking of ways that my view might be wrong is that I have colleagues who enjoy nothing better. When it comes to assessing my work, they have no trouble at all "thinking the negative." So if there are obvious blind spots in my reasoning, I can be quite confident that they will be pointed out to me, in one of those unsupportive, adversarial Q&A sessions. The fact that the profession encourages, and even venerates, those who are able to ask the "killer question," functions very much like the scientific method does in the physical sciences.
Some disciplines are insufficiently adversarial. The vast quantities of gobbledygook produced under the heading of "capital-T Theory," I would conjecture, are enabled by the fact that literature departments have an excessively nonadversarial culture. People spend so much time pretending that what the speaker just said made sense — in one of those "rich, thought-provoking" discussions — that they start to think they actually understood it. Being supportive, or adhering to conventional norms of politeness, diminishes the quality of the academic work being done.
Thus it is inadequate to think of the academy as merely an institutional space in which people are free to pursue their own lines of inquiry. When it functions well, the university houses multiple systems of distributed cognition, each with an internal division of labor that makes the whole smarter than any of its parts. In some cases, intellectual collaboration takes an explicitly cooperative form, as when a research team works together in a lab. In other cases, the collaboration takes a more agonistic form, as when people vie for an opportunity to draw attention to each other's errors.
Just as it is possible to be a jerk without being adversarial, it is also possible to be adversarial without being a jerk. The commitment to adversarialism arises from our professional role; it should not be allowed to become personal. Furthermore, the traditional academic virtues of careful listening, charitable interpretation, and collegial interaction retain their overarching value. The fact remains, however, that not all criticism can be constructive. Some ideas and arguments are genuinely devoid of merit, and we do their purveyors no favors by pretending otherwise.
The great sage of Pittsburgh, Wilfrid Sellars, once defined philosophy as the study of "how things in the broadest possible sense of the term hang together in the broadest possible sense of the term." We're doing very abstract work, and we're often trying to regiment previously unstructured domains of inquiry. So what makes us different from cranks, conspiracy theorists, or people who claim to see Jesus in their toast? Or what stops us from just making stuff up and believing it? I really think that the only thing keeping us tethered to the world is the disciplinary culture, and the fact that we have to defend ourselves, in a room full of people who have spent decades listening to arguments and identifying the flaws in other people's reasoning.
Joseph Heath is a professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto.  They are the author, most recently, of Enlightenment 2.0: Restoring Sanity to Our Politics, Our Economy, and Our Lives (Harper, 2014).
To put it simply, HP isn't the most sought-after name in the tablet game. The company's first real Android tablet, the Slate 7, didn't work out quite like expected, while the recently-released Slatebook x2 managed to miss the mark when it came to the display. They say the third time's a charm, so HP decided to go all out with its third tablet announcement and drop four new Android-powered device on the world. Say hello to the Slate7 HD, Slate10 HD, Slate8 Pro, and the most notable of the bunch (no pun intended), the Slate 7 Extreme.
Slate7 HD/Slate10 HD
Of the newly announced devices, both the Slate7 HD and Slate10 HD fall into the "budget" category. Both devices share similar specs: 1280x800 displays (so much for the "HD" part, eh?), a dual-core Marvell PXA896 processor, Beats Audio, optional 3G connectivity to T-Mobile, dual cameras, and a microSD card slot. It's unclear whether the company plans to use the "HD" duo to replace the current Slate 7, nor has it revealed pricing information. Those specs should warrant a fairly low price point, which might make them a good choice for... someone. Maybe.
Slate8 Pro
You know what there aren't enough of in the Android tablet space? Eight-inch devices. I'm not sure why so many manufacturers don't see it, but this is basically the perfect size for a tablet – big enough to watch movies and surf the web comfortably, but small enough to toss in a bag or pocket.
Or maybe that's just my opinion.
Either way, the Slate8 Pro appears to be an impressive slate for those interested in this form factor. It features a 1600x1200 resolution and 4:3 screen ratio, putting it in direct competition with Apple's iPad Mini. Under the hood it's packing a Tegra 4 processor along with 8MP and 2MP cameras, microHDMI out, a microSD card slot, and microUSB for charging. Other specs, like RAM and OS version, haven't yet been revealed. Still, this is an exciting tablet and finally brings more than one or two choices to those who want an eight-inch slate.
Slate7 Extreme
As exciting as it is to see a new eight-inch device hit the scene, it's still overshadowed by the Slate7 Extreme. This is the first announced device to come from NVIDIA's Tegra Note platform, so all eyes are definitely on it.
The Slate7 Extreme features a 7-inch 1280x800 display, Tegra 4 processor, 1GB of RAM, front-facing speakers, a rear 5MP shooter, and an integrated stylus. Like all Tegra Note devices, the Slate7 Extreme uses NVIDIA DirectStylus technology to make for a fantastic experience with a passive stylus; it also brings PureAudio, and NVIDIA's computational photography engine along for the ride.
If HP sticks to NVIDIA's pricing for Tegra Note devices, the best part about the Slate7 Extreme will be the price: it should hit for just $199. That in itself could make the other devices in this announcement roundup dead right out of the gate, but only time will tell.
All of these devices are slated (sorry, just couldn't pass that one up; I really do apologize) to hit the scene in November of this year. Aside from the prospected price of the Slate7 Extreme, however, there's nary a work on how much any of these will cost.
Press release; additional details from The Verge, Engadget
HP: Slate7 HD, Slate10 HD, Slate8 Pro, Slate7 Extreme
EA Closing Multiplayer Servers for 20 Games
The list of twenty affected titles features a number of relatively new titles such as August 2008 release Madden NFL 09--succeeded by August 2009's Madden NFL 10--and November 2008's Facebreaker, as well as some with a few more years under their belts.
"You may continue to play the games online up until these dates," EA explains, "but certain community programs may begin to close down prior to the shutdown dates."
The closures do not necessarily affect all platforms or territories. For example, NBA 07 servers will continue to run for PlayStation 3 after EA shuts down the Xbox 360 and PSP's. Meanwhile, the whole world faces an end to multiplayer NASCAR 09 on PlayStation 2 but only Europe loses the joys of racing around oval tracks on 360 and PS3 too.
This is by no means the first round of EA severs shutdowns, though with thirty-seven editions of twenty games games set to lose multiplayer it is certainly is larger than 2009's, when online support was ended for seventeen editions of eight games in April.
EA warns of servers shutdown on the back of its game boxes, though in small print and perhaps not in the clearest language. "EA may retire online features after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com," reads the boilerplate warning, with season-based sports games sporting addendums similar to Madden NFL 09's "...or 30 days after the last day of the 2008-2009 NFL season."
"All of us at EA would like to thank you for your valued participation in our online gaming community," a friendly note on the announcement page reads, "and hope that your enthusiasm for these games extends to our current lineup and beyond."
The full list of editions on the chopping block follows below.
South Texas Atheists for Reason (STAR) are excited to announce an atheists' comedy show fundraiser this coming Friday, November 10, 2017. The event takes place at 10pm Central Time at The Blind Tiger Comedy Club, 902 NE Loop 410 (Inside the Magic Time Machine), in San Antonio, Texas. This is the first fundraiser of this type and the members of STAR are very excited. The money raised at this event will help them purchase supplies for a homeless giveaway, provide marketing materials for their booths at events, and to purchase decorations for their social events.
"The upcoming STAR Atheist comedy night serves multiple purposes. Besides creating a unique fellowship opportunity for Atheists in the south Texas community, this event also helps raise funds for the STAR organization which can then be used for educational, infrastructure or marketing purposes," said Vicki Gettman, the President of South Texas Atheists for Reason. "The idea of an atheist comedy night is starting to catch on within the national secular community, and we've already seen some successful shows that are currently being booked throughout the entire Northwest of the United States."
Gettmann continued, "These comedy shows offer a niche entertainment option for Atheists that often times feel disenfranchised and disconnected from their religious co-workers and families. Atheism may be incredibly popular online, but bringing these free-thinkers out of their homes and into the real world is the first step of building a strong secular network within every community. We hope everyone interested can come out and have a great time while supporting our organization."
Tickets and further information on the comedy show fundraiser can be accessed at this website. As STAR is an IRS-recognized 501(c)(3) charitable organization, all donations and sales are tax-deductible.
About South Texas Atheists for Reason (STAR)South Texas Atheists for Reason (STAR) ( http://www.southtexasatheistsforreason.org ) is a group of positive people who are secular humanist and atheists. STAR's founders created a community which is based on service to fellow human beings, taking care of our natural environment, and promoting all of the sciences.
STAR is supported by the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers (MAAF) for their atheist/humanist-led meetings. Further articles on these meetings at Lackland Air Force Base can be found at https://unitedcor.org/tag/lackland-afb/
About United Coalition of ReasonUnited Coalition of Reason ( http://www.UnitedCoR.org ), headquartered in Washington, DC is committed to promoting Science and reason, nurturing unity and developing cooperation within local communities. They donate time, resources and cutting edge technology to help a variety of local non-theistic groups grow their presence, expand their outreach and present a positive face for non-theism by doing good together.
Related Articles View More TV Stories
More Hot Stories For You
Southern conservative intellectual and professor Richard Weaver wrote in The Southern Tradition at Bay: A History of Postbellum Thought (1968):
A part of the Southern heritage which deserves more attention of the serious kind than it has received is expressed by the term chivalry. Modern spite against all assumptions of superiority has assigned it a comic role; actually it was an institution of strong and, on the whole, good influence. Since chivalry has been one of the main traditions of European civilization, it was not strange that a chivalric code should develop in the South, which was disposed to accept rather than reject European institutions.
Notice that Weaver connects chivalry to inequality and European civilization. This makes it of possible interest for the Alt-Right – and certainly for those of the Alt-South. Weaver continues:
In Europe during the Middle Ages it had existed as a body of forms and sentiments of enormous power in elevating and refining civilization. It appears to have had its origin in the dark years following the dissolution of Charlemagne's empire, when cruelty, rapine, and brutal anarchy so distressed men that there came a passionate reaction which enlisted men in the service of an ideal good, and later found a sanction in the Christian religion. The people recognized a class of knights as representatives of right and defenders of order, idealized them, crowned them with all virtues, both real and imaginary, and for five hundred years respected them as the ruling caste.
Does this not appeal to us as those who self-identity as Southern Nationalists or on the Alt-Right? Surely, we see ourselves as “representatives of right and defenders of order” in a fallen age of darkness. And, in general, our movement is a “passionate reaction” of “men in the service of an ideal good.”
Weaver then described how this European concept was adapted to Southern culture:
Of the characteristic ideas of chivalry, none came to a more exaggerated flowering in the South than that of personal honor. In the Old World chivalry supported a caste, the distinguishing mark of which was an honor that was to be preserved at all costs. In the South, as soon as the gentleman caste had established itself on property ownership and slave labor, this concept was invoked to set it apart from the commonalty. The gentleman was surrounded with prerogatives. They could not be injured with impunity; their motives could not be impugned; and above all, their word could not be questioned. A highly touchy sense of personal pride was built on these premises, and its vindication often called for the duel, a recognized institution in America from colonial days.
ALSO SEE: Alt-South: Apollonian Worldview, Alt-South: Scientific Racialism, Alt-South: Unique on This Continent, Alt-South: What is Conservative Government and Alt-South: The Myth of American Democracy
NOTE: As Hunter Wallace has explained, “[t]he Alt-South isn't a membership organization. It is… a space for everyone in Dixie who isn't some kind of leftist or mainstream conservative (i.e., nationalists, populists, reactionaries) to come together to discuss our past, present and common future. Southern Nationalists [are] at the core of the Alt-South.”
The Romney-Ryan ticket has gotten a major boost in the past few weeks. Battleground Tracking Poll: Mitt leads
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. — Mitt Romney has taken a narrow national lead, tightened the gender gap and expanded their edge over President Barack Obama on who would best grow the economy.
A new POLITICO/George Washington University Battleground Tracking Poll of 1,000 likely voters — taken from Sunday through Thursday of last week — shows Romney ahead of Obama by 2 percentage points, 49 to 47 percent. That represents a 3-point swing in the GOP nominee's direction from a week ago but is still within the margin of error. Obama led 49 percent to 48 percent the week before.
Story Continued Below
Romney has not led in the poll since the beginning of May.
Across the 10 states identified by POLITICO as competitive, Romney leads 50 percent to 48 percent.
On the generic congressional ballot, Republicans now tie Democrats, 46 percent to 46 percent, after trailing slightly over the past six weeks.
Two weeks from Election Day, the GOP nominee also continues to maintain a potentially pivotal advantage in intensity among their supporters. Seventy-two percent of those who support Obama say they are “extremely likely” to vote, compared to 80 percent who back Romney. Among this group, Romney leads Obama by 7 points, 52 percent to 45 percent.
Women propelled Romney's move into first place in the poll — a majority of which was conducted before the Hofstra debate. Obama's 11-point advantage a week ago among the crucially important group dwindled to 6 points. The Democratic incumbent still leads 51 to 45 percent with women, but Romney leads by 10 points among men.
Romney also doubled the size of their advantage over Obama on which candidate would better handle the economy. This week, 51 percent of respondents picked Romney and 45 percent chose Obama, compared to 50 percent for Romney and 47 percent for Obama a week ago. The former Massachusetts governor also leads by 4 points, 50 to 46 percent, on who would create more jobs.
A majority, 53 percent, disapprove of Obama's handling of the economy, compared to 45 percent who approve. That 8-point spread was only 3 points a week ago.
Celinda Lake, the Democratic pollster who helped conduct the poll, sees the drop in Obama's support among women and who can best handle the economy as connected. Obama now has only a 4-point advantage among women on who is better for the economy, even though respondents give the president significantly higher marks on a host of other questions, such as who shares their values and who is fighting hardest for the middle class.
Romney, meanwhile, is again underwater with women on likability: Forty0five percent view them favorably, and 50 percent view them unfavorably.
For those of you spending this Thanksgiving with family, you might be in for many hours of biting your tongue. I get it. I'm there with you. This is a rough time. It's hard to be on social media right now. I'm sure it will be even harder to be around relatives who might say bigoted things.
Riding your bike can be a good way to shed that excess frustrated energy or to burn off all that pie you'll be eating. There are several fun bike things happening this weekend that you shouldn't miss.
Thursday
Major Taylor Birthday Ride – Thanksgivings Meal Warm-up: This ride will help you get in some exercise before you stuff your face with turkey. It's also a celebration of Major Taylor's 137th birthday! The ride meets at the Dunn Brothers at 4648 East Lake Street at 8:30am and rolls out at 9am. It'll be about 15-20 miles, and there will be one warm-up stop. The ride will wrap up around 10:30am, so you can fit it in even if you have an early Thanksgiving meal planned.
Friday
Black Friday Ride p/b Koochella: This weekend is supposed to be pretty mild. Koochella is organizing an 11am ride down at the river bottoms for cross, mountain, or fat bikes. They advise: Bring snacks and your beverage of choice!
The Leftovers Ride: Oh look, a new ride popped up. Freewheel is leading a ride to help you get back in shape after eating all that turkey on Thanksgiving. This is a two-hour ride led by Mario Macaruso that starts at Freewheel West Bank at 3:30pm and lasts for about two hours.
Saturday
A Very Spinning Stories Showcase: Spinning Stories is a storytelling event that travels by bike. At a Spinning Stories event, you get to hear stories told in the places where they actually happened. At the Spinning Stories showcase, they're highlighting some of the best Spinning Stories performances to date. It's getting colder, so this event is being held at Patrick's Cabaret (at 7pm) instead of outside. It's a perfect excuse to go support local storytellers and be around folks who like riding bikes.
Sunday
BIKEFUN! presents: Work off that turkey: Okay yes, this is an event that I just created today. I've planned several group rides over the past few months, and for this one, I just want to ride bikes. It's not going to be fancy, and since it'll be cold out I don't want to make any stops. Meet at Smith Triangle Park at 2pm. We'll roll just fast enough to stay warm while exploring our city, and maybe get some dinner afterwards.
UCI expands its men's WorldTour calendar to include 10 new races, such as Tour of California, Strade Bianche, and Omloop Het Nieuwsblad.
The UCI added 10 new events to its marquee men's WorldTour calendar for the 2017 season, expanding the series to North America with the inclusion of the Amgen Tour of California.
The professional cycling teams association AIGCP recently made noise about a proposed expansion, so Tuesday's announcement may bring that disagreement to a head.
On one hand, the WorldTour designation is a huge boon for a race like Tour of California. UCI requires at least 10 WorldTour teams participate in new races (a compromise between UCI and ASO), so ostensibly, many of the best cyclists in the world will be there. However, for Pro Continental teams, this makes it far more competitive to earn a spot on the start list. Continental outfits like Axeon Hagens Berman, a young team that lit up the 2016 race, do not race WorldTour events.
This brings the men's WorldTour calendar up to 37 events total, including the three grand tours.
New WorldTour races for 2017:
January 29: Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race (Australia)
February 6-10: Tour of Qatar (Qatar)
February 23-24: Abu Dhabi Tour (United Arab Emirates)
February 25: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad (Belgium)
March 4: Strade Bianche (Italy)
March 22: Dwars Door Vlaanderen (Belgium)
April 18-23: Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey (Turkey)
May 1: Eschborn-Frankfurt (Germany)
May 14-21: Amgen Tour of California (United States)
July 30: Prudential RideLondon-Surrey Classic (Great Britain)
Ballinamore Municipal Assembly are to investigate a possible power surge that occurred in the Corawallen area last week.
Ballinamore Municipal Assembly are to investigate a possible power surge that occurred in the Corawallen area last week.
Cllr Caillian Ellis outlined that last week the ESB “replaced a transformer and put up a new one.” They say this action possibly caused a “power surge” to one home and burned elements and appliances in the house, including an electric fence in the adjoining shed.
Cllr Ellis said the family who were “shocked” by the incident contacted the ESB, and were told it was not the ESB's problem. They were told they must put up with the cost.
The Fenagh councillor asked “What if the house had burned - who would replace it?” They said the ESB's response should not be accepted and asked their fellow councillors to support a letter to Minister Alex White.
Cllr Ellis said the family from Corawallen were told they should have had an anti-surge device, but this was not known.
They said they understand legal advice is being sought.
Cllr John McCartin said it was a health and safety issue and should be investigated. A number of electric appliances were destroyed and will have to be replaced.
Leitrim County Council said they would seek an official response from the ESB before contacting the Minister.
The ESB has updated the Leitrim Observer after pulbication on the situation: “Due to adverse weather conditions on Thursday 16th July, an outage occurred in the Crockeen area of Co. Leitrim at 10:48am. This outage was caused by a lightening strike to the electricity network which damaged a transformer subsequently causing a power surge. Crews from ESB Networks were dispatched immediately and quickly carried out repairs, including the replacement of the damaged transformer.
The householder would not have been aware of the damage until after the power was restored. The damage was not caused by ESB Networks repairing the system but rather it was caused by the original lightening strike.”
DEA stands by their ignorance, refuses to reschedule cannabis
Well that's disappointing. The DEA has once again proven it's a corrupt and ridiculous agency.
Refusing to acknowledge modern science, and sticking to their archaic ‘Flat Earth' position, the DEA has decided to keep cannabis in the Schedule 1 drug list.
This essentially means the DEA observes cannabis as having ZERO medicinal value, while being as deadly and dangerous as Heroin, LSD, Ecstasy. Even more dangerous than Cocaine!
The decision was announced yesterday, after months and months of delays. They were probably busy getting blowjays from the big pharma companies.
It's disappointing to see our government run by, and relying on such out-dated science and philosophies. 2.6 MILLION people are using medical marijuana to ease their chronic pain, eradicate their migraines, eliminate epileptic seizures, fight cancer cells, etc. TWENTY-FIVE states have legalized medical marijuana, four states have legalized recreational marijuana, and this year 14 more are potentially joining the list.
While this is a blow to the cannabis progress, it's a more significant blow to the relevance and trust of the DEA. Cannabis is becoming more and more accepted in society, both as recreation and medicinal.
Regardless, we need to be outraged. We need to unite, and rally. We need to step forward, embracing cannabis, and disregard negative stereotypes and social connotations.
Fuck the DEA and the archaic horse-and-carriage they rode in on.
“You're not going out dressed like that!”
“What mother would let their child wear such a short skirt?”
Think about it: How often do we police girls' bodies? Recent talk of school dress codes reveals that it happens an awful lot, and for some confused reasons.
After a New Jersey middle school banned strapless dresses from a school dance, more schools have been making headlines with various clothing bans and restrictions. Some of these bans focus on attire for dances while others target daily wear such as yoga pants and low-cut tops. All, however, focus only on girls' clothing, and most of these restrictions are put in place to avoid “distracting” other students (i.e. the boys).
The concern for overly exposed young bodies may be well-intentioned. With society fetishizing girls at younger and younger ages, girls are instructed to self-objectify and see themselves as sexual objects, something to be looked at. A laundry list of problems can come from obsessing over one's appearance: eating disorders, depression, low self-worth. Who wouldn't want to spare their daughter from these struggles?
But these dress codes fall short of being legitimately helpful. What we fail to consider when enforcing restrictions on skirt-length and the tightness of pants is the girls themselves—not just their clothes, but their thoughts, emotions, budding sexuality and self-image.
Instead, these restrictions are executed with distracted boys in mind, casting girls as inherent sexual threats needing to be tamed. Dress restrictions in schools contribute to the very problem they aim to solve: the objectification of young girls. When you tell a girl what to wear (or force them to cover up with an oversized T-shirt), you control their body. When you control a girl's body—even if it is ostensibly for their “own good”—you take away their agency. You tell them that their body is not them own.
When you deem a girl's dress “inappropriate,” you're also telling her, “Because your body may distract boys, your body is inappropriate. Cover it up.” You recontextualize their body; they now exist through the male gaze.
Says Soraya Chemaly in The Huffington Post,
What is a girl supposed to think in the morning when they wake up and tries to decide what to wear to school? They aren't idiots. The logical conclusion of the “distracting” issue is, “Will I turn someone on if I wear this?” Now who is doing the sexualizing? My daughters would never have thought these things without the help of their school.
Suddenly, offensive hypersexuality isn't just something a girl sees in music videos or magazines: It's embodied in her, and their dress-coded school reminds them of that every day.
So what about those distracted young boys? Where do they come in? By barring particular outfits from school, dress codes help boys identify and objectify “inappropriate” girls and women. Girls who violate dress codes are violating rules, and girls who violate rules are bad. Bad girls can be desirable and sexy, but they don't necessarily deserve respect (even from other girls).
And where respect is absent, objectification is easy. In their guide to self-objectification, Caroline Heldman explains how sexually objectified women are dehumanized and viewed as “less competent and worthy of empathy by both men and women.” Those who are dehumanized may be mistreated and made to feel inadequate. And if poor self-image is linked with objectification, it isn't hard to see that this cycle feeds itself: Those who are objectified by others are treated as less than human, and in understanding themselves as less than human may self-objectify.
Asking girls to cover up is a Band-Aid solution to far more socially ingrained problems such as general misogyny and rape culture. As long as a girl or woman is always sexualized, it won't matter how much they cover up—she'll still be faulted for their inappropriate behavior.
It's unfair to expect a young girl to understand the full implications of their body—implications put in place by an all-too-often misogynistic society—and punish them for not knowing better. A girl needs empowerment, not more complications in their relationship with their body. Jada Pinkett Smith had the right idea when asked why they would “let” their daughter Willow shave them head:
This is a world where women, girls are constantly reminded that they don't belong to themselves; that their bodies are not their own, nor their power, or self determination. I made a promise to endow my little girl with the power to always know that their body, spirit, and their mind are their domain. Willow cut their hair because their beauty, their value, their worth is not measured by the length of their hair … even little girls have the right to own themselves.
Photograph credited to Lindsay Kamikawa via SanClemente Patch
Looking out over the vast Chihuahuan Desert, it is easy to forget you are still in Texas.
The landscape is a scene from an old Western, with rolling hills and dusty mesas more reminiscent of New Mexico. Cibolo Creek Ranch lies 33 miles south of Marfa, in the Big Bend of West Texas, and was founded in 1857 by cattle baron Milton Faver both to safeguard their trade between Mexico and Fort Stockton and to protect their 20,000-plus Longhorn cattle from raids by Comanche and Apache Indians. Three main springs, Cíbolo, Ciénega and Morita, provide the ranch with a constant supply of good water, and Faver constructed an adobe fort at each. Today, the 30,000 acres are home to wildlife such as elk, buffalo, javelinas, aoudad (Barbary sheep) and white-tailed deer."
Read Andrew Harper's full review in the December 2012 Hideaway Report.
GENEVA, Switzerland (CMC) — A new study by the International Labour Organisation (ILO) has found that Jamaica has the highest proportion of women managers, globally, ahead of countries like the United States and the United Kingdom.
The study also found that while women are still under-represented in top management, the number of women in senior and middle management positions has increased over the last 20 years.
The study entitled 'Women in Business and Management, Gaining Momentum', found that the proportion of women managers in Jamaica stood at 59.3 per cent, while Yemen has the least with 2.1 per cent.
The US is ranked 15th in the list of 108 countries with 42.7 per cent women managers, while the United Kingdom is at 41st with 34.2 per cent, and the Russian Federation holds the 25th place (39.1 per cent).
Colombia holds the second place at the global level and ranks first in Latin America, followed by Panama in fifth place.
The report presents the findings of a 2013 ILO survey of over 1,200 companies in Africa, Asia and Pacific, Eastern and Central Europe and Latin American and the Caribbean, focusing on measures and initiatives to advance women in management. The survey was carried out with the assistance of national employers' organisations in 39 countries.
"Our research is showing that women's ever-increasing participation in the labour market has been the biggest engine of global growth and competitiveness," says Deborah France-Massin, director of the ILO Bureau for Employers' Activities.
"An increasing number of studies are also demonstrating positive links between women's participation in top decision- making teams and structures and business performance. But there is a long way to go before we achieve true gender equality in the workplace, especially when it comes to top management positions," they added.
The study released here yesterday, showed that only five per cent or less of the chief executive officers of the world's largest corporations are women. It noted that the larger the company, the less likely the head will be a woman.
"All-male company boards are still common, but are decreasing in number, with women attaining 20 per cent or more of all board seats in a handful of countries. A global survey quoted in the study shows that Norway has the highest global proportion of companies (13.3 per cent) with a woman as company board chairperson, followed by Turkey (11.1 per cent)," said the study.
France-Massin said it critical for more women to reach senior management positions in strategic areas to build a pool of potential candidates for top jobs such as CEO or company presidents.
"However, 'glass walls' still exist with the concentration of women in certain types of management functions like HR, communications and administration," they added.
The study found that, at present, women own and manage over 30 per cent of all businesses, but they are more likely to be found in micro and small enterprises.
"Getting more women to grow their businesses is not only critical for equality but also for national development," the study noted, providing statistics on women in management and in business for most countries from all regions and at all levels of development.
It also contains data on the gender pay gap at management and lower levels, as well as statistics on women's achievements in education. The study also identifies the growing momentum building around the world to advance women to higher levels of management and lists a selection of the numerous initiatives from various sectors.
The study also provided recommendations to close the remaining gender gap including seeking "flexible solutions" to manage work and family time commitments as an alternative to being subject to special treatment or quotas.
The October surprises just keep on coming, courtesy of President Obama. According to The Weekly Standard, “during a speech in Rhode Island today, President Obama called for more taxpayer-spending on pre-school in order to “make sure that women are full and equal participants in our economy.”
I can respect that. But then the President followed those remarks by saying (emphasis added):
And sometimes someone, usually mom, leaves the workplace to stay at home with the kids, which then leaves them earning a lower wage for the rest of their life as a result. That's not a choice we want Americans to make.
Um, ok. I'm interpreting their remarks to mean that women shouldn't have to choose between lower wages or being stayed at home mothers. Sounds noble, but it's not realistic, at least not in most cases.
Condescension aside, aggravating is the constant drum beat of the modern “feminist” lie that women can have it all. It's simply not true. Those with successful careers and families are routinely put in a place of choosing one or the other. Men with families also find themselves in the same dilemma, yet no one wants to talk about their struggles, because “feminism.”
Beyond perpetuating modern “feminist” myths is an even nastier issue with the President's poorly worded statements: are we really in a place culturally where it's acceptable to demonize a woman's choice to stay at home as, “not a choice we want Americans to make”? Evidently so.
Of course, being a stay-at-home mom is not the right decision for every woman or for every family; but the blatant labeling of that choice as somehow inferior or “lesser” is just the latest statist assault on the family unit.
You can watch the video here:
Follow Kemberlee Kaye on Twitter
A man tried to use the anonymous "dark web" to buy "enough ricin to kill up to 1,400 people", a court has heard.
Mohammed Ammer Ali, 31, of Prescot Road, Liverpool, then set about finding a rabbit or other "pocket-sized pet" to test it on, the Old Bailey heard.
They tried to purchase a lethal dose of the toxin online, but was caught by an undercover FBI agent posing as a seller, prosecutors said.
Mr Ali denies a charge of attempting to possess a chemical weapon.
In encrypted chats, Mr Ali and the US agent discussed the price of a lethal dose and repeat purchases, jurors were told.
'Homemade poison'
Sally Howes QC, prosecuting, said the agent arranged for a harmless powder hidden inside a toy car to be sent to Mr Ali's home.
A police raid in February found a computer used to access the "dark web" and a mobile phone which had been used to search for "homemade poison" and "what poison is easily concealed?".
Records also showed they had made a payment using online currency Bitcoin days before the delivery.
In one exchange with the undercover agent, Bolton-born Mr Ali was told they could test the ricin on a rodent, the court heard.
The phone found at Mr Ali's flat was also used for search for "Liverpool pet shop" and had a note saying "get pet to murder".
Ms Howes QC told jurors Mr Ali admits contacting the undercover agent and ordering the "ricin".
'Perfect poison'
Ricin is a naturally-occurring substance found in the seeds of the castor oil plant.
It was described in court as "the poisoner's perfect poison" because its symptoms are non-specific and it does not show up in a post-mortem examination.
A 100 mg dose is enough to kill up to 280 people within three to five days if ingested or injected while 500 mg can kill between 700 and 1,400 people, said Ms Howes QC.
In Mr Ali's defence, they said, they are likely to claim they wanted to experiment with and understand the workings of the "dark web" and to see if they could buy ricin out of curiosity.
Their claim that they wanted to posses the poison for "peaceful purposes", but the Crown say the duration and nature of their internet searches contradict this.
The defence will also rely on an assessment that Mr Ali has personality traits associated with Asperger's Syndrome to explain their conduct, Ms Howes QC said.
Police have found no evidence that Mr Ali, who denies attempting to possess a chemical weapon between 10 January and 12 February, has any association with terrorist activities or organisations.
The trial, which is expected to last for two weeks, continues.
Rendering of a 12.9-inch iPad next to a 13-inch MacBook Air
A model said to be an industrial prototype of the upcoming 12.9-inch "iPad Pro" has surfaced, giving a look at what the larger tablet might look like in-hand. Discovered on Chinese Twitter-like site Weibo by Nowhereelse.fr Google Translation ] the machined aluminum is said to be a reference for creating cases and other accessories.The design of the mockup is very rudimentary and while it is said to be the iPad Pro, it is impossible to determine the exact size of the prototype from the photos. It is also not clear if this "prototype" is based on any type of legitimate specifications as Apple is said to be multiple months away from releasing a larger tablet. Along with a larger size, the model also has an Apple logo and a rear camera cutout. At 12.9-inches, the iPad Pro would be similar in size to a 13-inch MacBook Air and quite a bit larger than the existing 9.7-inch iPad Air.News that Apple was testing displays for a larger 12.9-inch iPad first surfaced in July of last year in a report from The Wall Street Journal . While initial rumors suggested Apple could release the device in 2014, reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has pointed towards a possible 2015 launch date for the device, while Digitimes indicated in March that development on the tablet had been shelved in favor of other projects.Rumors have suggested the iPad Pro, if released, will adopt many of the same design elements offered in the current iPad Air and Retina iPad mini, including an ultrathin chassis and narrow side bezels. It is also rumored to include an ultra high-definition display.
New Star Wars Story Will Apparently Follow Obi-Wan Kenobi After Their Death By Dirk Libbey Random Article Blend One of the things that the rebirth of Star Wars has allowed is for the widening of the Star Wars universe to include stories and characters we've never known before. Now a new story is going to follow a familiar character into a very unfamiliar place. "Time of Death" is a new Star Wars short story included in the book A Certain Point of View, and apparently the story will focus on Obi-Wan Kenobi, after they have died. FROM A CERTAIN POINT OF VIEW IS COMING, PEOPLE!! https://t.co/8evvTgrTnJ #FromACertainPOV pic.twitter.com/2GIdMHbSch — Cavan Scott (@cavanscott) September 14, 2017 While we've been more or less expecting future stories about Obi-Wan Kenobi to come out of the new Star Wars focus from Disney, we weren't really expecting this. The story would seem, based on this quote, to be a first person account of being a Force Ghost. On the one hand, it seems utterly bizarre, but on the other, why not? We know that Obi-Wan Kenobi is as sentient a person as a spirit as they were as a man, there's no reason they couldn't sit down and talk about their experience. The story could potentially answer a lot of lingering Star Wars questions. The idea of Force Ghosts has long been a topic of conversation among Star Wars fans. We know that not every Jedi becomes one, and there's been no canonical explanation for them within the new Disney version of the franchise. Perhaps this will be the tale that will tell us not only where Force Ghosts come from, but what it means to actually be one. Is the ghost even really the same man? From a Certain Point of View is a new book which celebrates 40 years of the Star Wars franchise with 40 stories about the universe. However, rather than any of the stories being about our primary characters, each one takes the perspective of somebody else, a side character that maybe we don't know too much about. Cavean Scott's "Time of Death" would seem to go one step further by dealing with a time period and a place we are unlikely to see in any upcoming film. From A Certain Point Of View contains stories about everybody from Biggs Darklighter to Mon Mothma to Breha Organa, the adoptive mother of Princess Leia. Many of the stories come from authors who have previously worked on Star Wars books. Cavean Scott previously wrote the YA Adventures in Wild Space series, while other stories come from everybody from Chuck Wendig to Pablo Hidalgo. It's got some real potential to open up our understanding of Star Wars by showing us aspects of the story that we know from entirely new and different perspectives. Apparently, that even means dealing with the afterlife, from a certain point of view. From A Certain Point of View is being released October 3. How The Star Wars Prequel Should Use Ben Mendelsohn's Rogue One Character Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Organizers for the 26th Annual William Shatner Priceline.com Hollywood Charity Horse Show, Sponsored by Wells Fargo, announced today that country music's Neal McCoy will perform live at the event to be held on June 4, 2016.
The Priceline.com Hollywood Charity Horse Show, Sponsored by Wells Fargo enters its 26th year of fundraising with a spectacular affair at the Los Angeles Equestrian Center, 480 Riverside Drive, Burbank, California. Guests will be treated to an exciting arena show and a world-class reining competition, followed by a western dinner catered by STONEFIRE Grill. The evening concludes with a special LIVE performance by Neal McCoy.
Proceeds from the event will benefit special-needs children's charities across the city of Los Angeles including: Ahead With Horses, Children's Hospital Los Angeles, Hollenbeck Police Activities League (PAL), St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, The Painted Turtle and others.
“Over the last 26 years, we have been able to help thousands of young Angelenos thanks to the support we receive from our generous sponsors and attendees,” commented William Shatner. “We are so fortunate to have the great talent of Neal McCoy for our entertainment this year.  They are absolutely terrific and generous with their time, talent and support.”
WHAT: 26th ANNUAL “PRICELINE.COM HOLLYWOOD CHARITY HORSE SHOW SPONSORED BY WELLS FARGO”
WHEN: SATURDAY JUNE 4, 2016
5:00 p.m. – 5:30 p.m. – Press ‘Meet & Greet'
5:30 p.m. – 6:30 p.m. – Arena Show, which is free to the public
7:00 p.m. – 9:30 p.m. – Western Dinner, Entertainment by Neal McCoy and Live Auction by William Shatner, Auctioneer
WHERE: Los Angeles Equestrian Center, 480 Riverside Drive, Burbank, CA
CLOSE A small company you've never heard is tasked with restoring power to Puerto Rico. USA TODAY
President Trump and Gov. Ricardo Rossello of Puerto Rico. (Photo11: Evan Vucci, AP)
Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló wants the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security to look into a contract awarded to a small Montana firm to rebuild portions of the island's hurricane-ravaged electric grid.
Montana-based Whitefish Energy Holdings, which had been registered for two years and had two employees when Hurricane Maria hit the island Sept. 20, landed the $300 million contract with the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA) six days later. The company now has 300 people working on the island “providing important recovery services,” Rosselló said in a letter sent Wednesday to Inspector General John Roth. Whitefish employs mostly subcontractors.
Rosselló described a three-hour conference call Tuesday between representatives of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and law firm Greenberg Traurig, representing PREPA.
“The FEMA team concluded that they will want to follow up with additional questions and information requests on the procurement process, but that they had no comments on the the Whitefish contract at this point since it appeared to comply 100% with FEMA regulations,” Rosselló wrote.
Rosselló said that in addition to the inspector general's review of the contract, the governor has asked their own Office of Management and Budget to audit the Whitefish contract to make sure it followed Puerto Rico and federal law.
More: Five weeks after Maria most of Puerto Rico remains an island in the dark
More: Two-person energy firm's $300 million Puerto Rico contract raises eyebrows
More: Two-person energy firm's $300 million Puerto Rico contract raises eyebrows
The contract has raised eyebrows on the island and in Washington, where Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill have called for an investigation. The small company with a short track record is based in Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke's hometown of Whitefish, Mont., fueling questions about how the lucrative deal was clinched.
Whitefish is backed by a private equity, HBC Investments, which is headed by Joe Colonnetta, a major donor to the President Trump's election campaign, the Trump Victory PAC and other GOP candidates.
Whitefish Energy spokesperson Ken Luce said only two capable companies answered PREPA's call for bids, which Luce attributed to industry doubts about the bankrupt utility's ability to pay a massive repair bill after its infrastructure was decimated by the twin storms.
"Everybody waited, including the U.S. government, to get involved," Luce said. "Whitefish had good financial backing with private equity and was willing to take that risk.”
Whitefish CEO Andrew Techmanski spoke to PREPA officials about their company's capabilities after Hurricane Irma hit the island and before Maria, Luce said. After Maria, PREPA issued a request for proposals and Techmanski called again. They flew to the island to make an initial agreement on Sept. 26. The first Whitefish workers arrived Oct. 2 though the contract wasn't finalized until 18 days later, Luce said.
PREPA, which is owned by the Puerto Rican government, filed for bankruptcy in July, seeking to restructure its $9 billion debt. It was the fifth Puerto Rican agency to do so, as the commonwealth's government tries to deal with $74 billion in debts.
Ricardo Ramos, executive director for PREPA, defended the contract with Whitefish and another private contractor, Cobra Acquisitions LLC earlier this week, instead of signing a mutual aid agreement with members of the American Public Power Association, as most other utilities do in damaging emergencies such as hurricanes.
If PREPA had activated the mutual aid agreement, it would have had “to do all the mobilization, provide transportation, fuel and accommodation,” Ramos said, according to El Nuevo Dia newspaper in Puerto Rico.
And these private companies are taking care of their own logistics requirements, including food, fuel delivery, accommodations, transporting their equipment and materials. "It is a relief in terms of logistics for PREPA,” they said.
Of the five companies that responded to PREPA's call for bids after Hurricane Irma, Whitefish's bid was lowest, Ramos said. And the Montana company only sought a $3 million downpayment, compared to a $25 million downpayment demanded by the only other company in the running, they said.
PREPA's contract with Whitefish, signed Oct. 17, calls for the company to be paid $330 hourly for a site supervisor, $227 per hour for a journeyman lineman, and $204 for a heavy equipment operator. The company is also charging $80 a day to feed and $332 to house each worker. Flights are charged at $1,000 in each direction. Subcontractors are paid significantly more: $462/hour for a supervisor, $319/hour for a journeyman lineman, and $286/hour for a heavy equipment operator.
Under the contract, PREPA is required to pay Whitefish within 10 days of its weekly invoices for time, materials and equipment rentals, up to a maximum of $300 million.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2zIwg14
The greatest Cleveland Brown of them all is back in the fold.
For the first time in two years, Jim Brown will take part in events this weekend leading up to a halftime ceremony where former Browns players Ernie Green and Clarence Scott will be inducted into the team's legends club.
Rapoport: Week 3 game rankings What's the best matchup of Week 3? The worst? Ian Rapoport ranks this week's games in order of intrigue, from 1 to 16.
What's the best matchup of Week 3? The worst?ranks this week's games in order of intrigue, from 1 to 16. More ...
It sure sounds like Brown is in fence-mending mode. They plan to meet with new Browns owner Jimmy Haslem III about a possible role with the organization. Brown was an adviser to owner Randy Lerner, but they did not like how team president Mike Holmgren changed their role two years ago. Brown since has made a lot of negative comments about Holmgren, but both men expressed a desire this week to move past it.
Brown told The Associated Press on Friday that their feelings toward Holmgren are "very, very positive." They also had nice things to say about rookie running back Trent Richardson, whom Brown repeatedly demeaned over the offseason.
The legend said they only called Richardson "ordinary" over the summer in order to motivate him. Brown already has seen flashes of greatness from Richardson, who's coming off a huge game against the Cincinnati Bengals in a 34-27 Week 2 loss.
Frankly, it's a relief to write a post like this. Brown is one of the fiercest, smartest, most original sports heroes of last 50 years. We hated to see them reduced to an image of a cranky old guy to so many younger fans who don't know what they meant to the game.
"I am forever a Cleveland Brown," they said.
Follow Gregg Rosenthal on Twitter @greggrosenthal
If you haven't felt inclined to shell out the extra dough for premium seats at The Swamp or the O'Dome, maybe you will now.
That's because Florida announced on Wednesday that beer and wine sales will be coming to both venues in 2016.
At Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, fans in the Holloway Touchdown Terrace and Evans Champions Club will be able to purchase beer and wine until the start of the third quarter during the 2016 season.
At the Stephen C. O'Connell Center, fans will be able to do the same in the Sideline Club and Courtside Club until the start of the second half. The new amenities there will be provided in December 2016, once a $64.5 million renovation is completed for the new O'Connell Center.
“Providing alcohol in our premium seating areas for both football and men's basketball was another amenity we wanted to provide to the fans in those areas,” UF athletic director Jeremy Foley said in a press release.
There are currently five other SEC schools that offer alcohol at football games and three that do so at basketball games.
The chairperson of the conservative House Freedom Caucus told CNN Monday they would vote against any ObamaCare replacement bill that includes refundable tax credits, calling them another "entitlement program."
Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) was referring to a draft of an ObamaCare replacement bill created Feb. 10 and leaked last week.
It's unclear how much it has changed since two weeks ago, but the draft includes a refundable tax credit, based on age and not income, to help people buy health insurance.
ADVERTISEMENT
"What is conservative about a new entitlement program and a new tax increase? And should that be the first thing that the president signs of significance that we sent to the new president?" Meadows told CNN.
"A new Republican president signs a new entitlement and a new tax increase as their first major piece of legislation? I don't know how you support that — do you?"
The caucus has asked leadership to take up a 2015 ObamaCare repeal bill that was vetoed by President Obama. They have said they won't vote for any bill that is "weaker" than the 2015 bill.
New Anaheim Ducks coach Randy Carlyle doesn't expect their team to look all that different, systematically at least, from last year.
The difference will come in its lineup construction and deployment. Carlyle thinks it needs more youth and energy.
"You always have to transition youth into your lineup," they said during a recent phone conversation. "We're a budget hockey club; we're going to be forced to use younger players."
With youth comes a little more pace. It's usually the veteran players who know how to slow the game down and make it work at their speed. Ryan Getzlaf is as good at that as anyone.
But during offseason phone conversations between Carlyle -- who coached the Ducks from 2005-06 until early in the 2011-12 season and won a Stanley Cup with the franchise -- and their former players, like Getzlaf and Corey Perry, the pace of play became the central part of discussions.
"They play more of a pace game. They're veteran players. That's one of the things we're going to ask them -- to play the game at a higher pace," Carlyle said.
They don't need any more proof they can do it. Carlyle watched the pair play for Team Canada in the World Cup and saw the kind of skating he's going to require from their veteran players, especially Getzlaf.
"And Corey Perry is in the best shape he's ever been in," Carlyle said. "They put the work in. It's a tribute to them."
Best new faces
GM Bob Murray was aggressive in addressing their roster needs before last season, and the result was a team that took half of a season to get going. The biggest change this time around is behind the bench, while the main pieces of the roster have been essentially untouched -- except for one position.
With Frederik Andersen out of the picture, 23-year-old John Gibson is expected to get the call in goal for Anaheim this season. AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi
Frederik Andersen is gone as the starting goalie, with John Gibson now expected to get a majority of the starts. Gibson has long been regarded as a great, young goalie, but now comes the moment of truth. They had a .920 save percentage in 38 starts last season, even earning enough votes to finish tied for seventh in the Vezina.
After the Maple Leafs gave Jonathan Bernier their signing bonus, the Ducks grabbed them in a trade for a conditional draft pick. It was a shrewd move for a budget-conscious team that has cap space but gets Bernier at a discount, after Toronto paid their bonus.
Bernier had their best season as a starter while playing for Carlyle in Toronto, finishing the 2013-14 season with a .923 save percentage. They struggled last season, but playing for a bad team tends to do that to goalies.
Editor's Picks Chasing the Penguins: How do Pacific teams stack up? How well do the Pacific Division teams stack up to the Stanley Cup champs in five key attributes? Craig Custance examines.
"Everybody in the league is looking more to the 1A and 1B situations," Carlyle said. "Yes, Gibby is highly rated. It's hard not to give them an opportunity. Goaltenders have to earn it. You have to earn it night in and night out. We feel we have a capable option in Jonathan Bernier."
Biggest unknowns
It's not particularly great that the Ducks had two restricted free-agent no-shows at the start of training camp, with Hampus Lindholm and Rickard Rakell both still unsigned when camp began. Not only was Rakell unsigned, they were dealing with complications that followed their appendectomy in September.
Even if both of those situations get settled, you never know how a player is going to react following an intense contract negotiation.
The bigger concern in Anaheim is the possibility of a decline coming from its aging stars. The Ducks are very dependent on the trio of Getzlaf, Perry and Ryan Kesler. When they're on and playing well, the Ducks can beat anybody. They're also at the collective age where it's not unreasonable to expect some depreciation, especially considering the style in which they play. As the league speeds up and gets younger, it's quite possible that trio will get old in a hurry. Maybe not this year ... but the clock is ticking.
Sure things
Here's one -- Sami Vatanen is going to outplay the value of their contract. During an offseason in which teams struggled to get deals done with their restricted free agents, Vatanen was off Anaheim's to-do list quite early. They signed a four-year deal worth $19.5 million in mid-June.
In June, the Ducks made Sami Vatanen their highest-paid blueliner -- inking the 25-year-old to a four-year, $19.5 million deal. Harry How/Getty Images
With an average annual value of $4.875 million, their contract is going to look good in a hurry.
"I wanted to be there," Vatanen said. "That was the main thing. I saw the GM and coaches -- they wanted me there. It helped a lot. I'm very happy about that."
They wanted the 25-year-old defenseman for good reason. They have pushed 40 points each of the last two seasons, is offensively gifted and is a right-handed shot. Lindholm is the best pure defenseman on the roster, good enough to challenge for a Norris Trophy at some point. But Vatanen is the kind of defenseman you need behind your top guys to keep the puck moving in the right direction.
Prediction
The Duck have concerns. Is John Gibson ready to be a full-time starter? Will the contract issues linger into the season? How will the team respond to the return of Randy Carlyle?
But, ultimately, this team has too many good defensemen and star power up front to decline too far below their 103-point total from last season. The Ducks will clear the playoff hurdle but maybe not as easily as they'd like to. Second place in the Pacific.
(UPDATED at 7:15 a.m. ET with a statement from Garcia.)
After their fight against Shinobu Kandori was pulled from today's Rizin FF 8 event following a gigantic weigh-in miss, an emotional Gabi Garcia entered the ring at the show for one of the more bizarre moments of the year.
Garcia (4-0) was forced to step in the ring inside Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan, where they apologized for coming in 28 pounds overweight for their bout against 53-year-old Kandori (4-1), which was scheduled for 209 pounds.
It took only seconds once they started speaking for Garcia to become emotional. The Brazilian fought back tears while explaining what went wrong, and they hinted that it stemmed from a medical issue they believed has since been resolved.
“This is the first time this happened in my life,” Garcia said. “I had problems, three weeks before the fight. I think I recovered. My first training here, my nose is with blood and my blood pressure (was off). I can't cut weight because I have many problems.
“I respect them I respect my opponent. She's a legend here, and I'm so sad. I cry a lot because this is the first time I didn't enter (the arena down the entrance). I entered through the back.
“I need to say sorry for all my fans in Japan,” they continued. “I love you guys. I challenge (Kandori) for next year for the weight. I'll cut the weight. This happened (for the) first time, and if you need a fight with me, it will be satisfied next year. I'm so sorry Japan. I love you guys, and I'm (coming) back more strong than ever.”
Here's a clip (via Twitter):
As Garcia wept, former PRIDE champion Wanderlei Silva filmed the scene from ringside, much to the amusement of the crowd. Rizin FF General Manager Nobuhiko Takada then asked the crowd if the promotion should welcome Garcia back, which they said would happen (via Twitter):
Garcia then shook hands with Kandori, who also spoke of their disappointment with the situation. Garcia apologized again in closing, also promising to come back and make things right.
“Thank you Japan. I'm so sorry. This is all my fault,” they said. “Please, look forward to next year. I'm back more strong than ever. Everybody has problems in their life. I'm a normal girl. I'm a woman, and please, I respect you guys. I love fighting here. I'm so sorry Japan. This is my fault, and I love you guys.”
Later in the evening, Garcia took to social media and provided a statement and a number of photos with more details about their struggles to cut weight (via Instagram):
Everyone is looking for an excuse, but when it comes to health and our lives they can say it's anything.
My life first.
pass the photos to the side!
Unfortunately a few days ago I measured my pressure and was high, I thought it was only that day.
When I got off the plane in Japan I went to my training and started to have a headache, my eyesight blurred and my nose bleeding all the time.
I warned my team, but I did not tell anyone because I did not give up.
After all my training, my nose was bleeding from leaving a towel next to it.
It was fine the night before and I decided to cut the weight the next morning, but I woke up with fever and again with my nose dripping, high blood pressure.
Too much stress before traveling, unfortunately I still do not control my body, but I control my decisions.
For those who have lost a brother, dying for a cut of weight would not be my choice.
All together, menstrual period, high blood pressure, it was necessary to cut 17 pounds.
I chose to live.
No need to post any explanation, but no one knows what people are going through.
Do not judge.
Thank you @rizin_pr @rizin_staff for cherishing my life.
I went up to the Saitama ring and apologized to my fans, who continue to support me and asked for my return.
I'm going to rest, and get better back in 2018.
With lots of news and going all the way.
For more on Rizin FF 8, check out the MMA Events section of the site.
Hello everyone, Kahotan here! (gsc_kahotan)
Cronuts are like a little taste from heaven for me! I love the fact that new types of donuts are always being made! (๑´ㅂ`๑) *nomnomnom*
Anyway, today I'm going to be taking a look at…
Nendoroid Shinobu Oshino!
Following on from the previously released ‘Bakemonogatari Premium Item BOX' comes the ‘Nisemonogatari Premium Item BOX' which will include the much-awaited Nendoroid Shinobu Oshino! They have been sculpted wearing their white one-piece dress as well as their large straw hat, which can also be removed. They come with three different expressions including their standard face, a content expression for enjoying their donuts as well as a darker, grinning expression. They also come with various different donuts to munch on! The demon sword ‘Kokorowatari' is also included, faithfully matching the impressive length from the series!
She's lovely!!（*´▽｀*）
The iron-blooded, hot-blooded, cold-blooded vampire! ♡
The contrast between the red ribbons and the white one-piece dress catch your eyes very quickly!
From the back you get a lovely look at their open back and shoulder blades!
I couldn't help but gently run my finger along them back…!
Them large straw hat is also included, and it suits the one-piece dress beautifully!
You can even see the weaving on the hat! ﾍ(ﾟ∀ﾟ*)ﾉ
The blond hair curling around the bottom is a great rendition of Shinobu's hair!
(・∀・) “The hat can of course be removed too!”
We're joined today by the figure's planner, Chanshuu-senpai!
(・∀・) “Those of you who think Shinobu looks best without their hat have that choice with the Nendoroid. Like this for instance!”
This expression combined with the donut parts is too cute!! (*´Д`)
(・∀・) “It's really adorable isn't it…? You can really tell how much enjoyment they are getting from stuffing their cheeks with delicious donut!! They can hold donuts in both their hands to really show how much they love them!”
By the way, when Shinobu was first put up on the GSC site they only came with this eating expression and the standard smiling expression from above, right…?
(・∀・) “That's right. The third expression was being saved to be revealed in the July edition of Monthly Hobby Japan!”
The cover of which features an amazing MG Full Armor Unicorn Gundam (Red Color Ver.) – you can't miss it! The article on Shinobu looks like this! っ(σ・∀・)σ
On the right hand side you'll see not only Shinobu's other expression, but on the bottom you can see prototype photos of Nendoroid Koyomi Araragi!! ((o(´∀｀)o))
(・∀・) “As those who read over the weekend will know, Shinobu's third expression is none other than this grinning expression!”
Oooooohhhh!!! (*´Д｀)
They look so cunning with this grin on their face! Those sharp eyes and confident smile are more than enough to be my heart racing!
The previous expressions suited the cute, loli side of their character perfectly, while this brings out the other side of them just as well! This is the side people may accept as a vampire a little more! <●><●>
Bent legs are also included for a little more dynamic poses!♡
(・∀・) “This expression captures Shinobu's determined side! I'd love for them to look down at me and call me ‘Omae-sama' with this expression!”
Me too!!
(・∀・) “Plus they also come with their impressively long sword, Kokorowatari!”
This allows you to pose them is much more epic poses from the series!
(・∀・) “Whether you prefer the cute Shinobu or the more serious Shinobu – the Nendoroid caters to both!”
More info and photos with the face were added to the GSC product page today as well: Nendoroid Shinobu Oshino
Personally I think a mix of the two looks pretty good as well.!(ﾉ´▽｀)ﾉ
Grinning expression + Donuts and Hat! ♡
If this Shinobu-chan came up and stole my donut I would be happy to relinquish it to her… I'd be happy to do anything for her! I would even be willing to buy them some pies or muffins that aren't one discount!! (｀・ω・´)
(・∀・) “Let me explain to everyone how they can get their hands on this Nendoroid!  They are included with the Nisemonogatari Premium Item BOX on sale from the 21st November 2014!“
Nisemonogatari Premium Item BOX – Release Date –
21st November 2014 – Price –
5,980JPY (Before Tax) – Set Contents –
· Short story by Nisio Isin.
· Nendoroid Oshino Shinobu
· 3x clear posters and 3x tin badges illustrated by VOFAN, Akio Watanabe and Hajime Ueda. · Postcard
· and more!
Orders in Japan can be made from the Kodansha BOX Official site below:
http://www.bookclub.kodansha.co.jp/kodansha-box/topics/nishioproject/ The set will also be available at our partner shops in the following territories: Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Korea, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippine, France, German, Italy, Belgium and UAE. (・∀・) “The next in the Bakemonogatari series is none other than Nendoroid Koyomi Araragi and they will be coming shortly! Be sure to display them together once they're both released!”
Keep them by your side as your very own adorable vampire! Nendoroid Shinobu Oshino!  They are included with the Nisemonogatari Premium Item BOX! * Please note that certain parts may still change during manufacturing.
ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ Moving on to today's notices!
Notice #1
1/8th Scale Kousaka Honoka's commercial is up on YouTube!
This commercial was played at the Milky Holmes & Bushiroad 7th anniversary live at the Yokohama Arena, as well as seen on Tokyo MX last weekend! If you didn't get the chance to see it, you can watch it above now! ♡
Notice #2
Today's figma blog is… amazing!
I can't reveal it to everyone here!
You'll have to check the blog for yourself!!
I added a censored image so you can get an idea…. I'm sure you can tell already that it's a manga!! A long awaited figma has finally been revealed with a rather fun article on the figma blog!! (Japanese only)
figma Blog: http://ameblo.jp/figma/
ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ
／Kahotan's Inner Voice＼
∧＿∧
（。=ω=）.。0 (Araragi will be seen on Wednesday's Kahotan Station!)
（ つ ⊂ )
と＿）＿）
Anyway, I hope to see you all again next tomorrow!
Planning Team / Kahotan
Twitter ID: gsc_kahotan
©西尾維新／講談社・アニプレックス・シャフト
Dillinger Escape Plan Dissociation
Published Oct 12, 2016
10
After nearly 20 years spent pushing, pulling, coaxing, battering, tweaking and otherwise forcibly evolving the forms metal can take on, the Dillinger Escape Plan appear to be calling it a day. But, like they've done all along, they're doing it completely on their own terms.Befitting the swansong of such a monumentally important band, Dissociation is an outright masterpiece, referencing every point in the band's consistently stunning discography while breaking more new ground than they have since Ire Works.2013's One of Us Is the Killer stripped down and compressed the band's muscular, grinding aggression into crusty nuggets of brutality with deceptively shiny cores; they honed that aspect of their sound like the sword of a fictional samurai. The tightness, the focus of that album, was ludicrous, seemingly taken as far as it could go, but "Limerent Death," the opening track and lead single from Dissociation, immediately proves that notion wrong, inserting just a little more playful eccentricity into the riffs and melodic swagger into Pucciato's vocal approach without shattering the premise of the song's ostensible genre.After proving they can still easily top themselves at their own game, Dillinger proceeds to do whatever the fuck they want throughout the rest of Dissociation — and it's glorious. "Symptom of Terminal Illness" injects hauntingly pretty atmospheric and taps into the band's epic and brooding side before things go ape-shit on "Wanting Not So Much As To." It's the band at their frantic, twitchy, schizophrenic best, but also smoother and more weirdly charismatic, even, than anything they did with Mike Patton's manic genius behind the mic.If you expect the tone of the album to be even slightly established now, you couldn't be more off-base. "Fugue" is straight-up demented IDM, of a calibre that wouldn't sound out of place on an Aphex Twin or Venetian Snares album. Things don't get explicitly weirder than that, but the album retains a sense of wild abandonment and the freedom to explore any avenues of sound that lure their yen while still clearly bearing the creative signature of Ben Weinman and their talented cohorts."Low Feels Blvd" gets as overtly King Crimson/Opeth-proggy as the band ever have without neglecting to stab the track full of extra bits of fuzzy sonic shrapnel; "Surrogate" continues to up the ante with layer upon layer of attitude and texture, piled upon a vicious foundation of mathcore/jazz strobing; "Honeysuckle" flirts with rockabilly jazz licks and drops one of the band's biggest, deepest breakdowns, given a gut-rumbling boost by excellent production.The attention to detail in the engineering and mixing is dizzying (sometimes literally) and has immense impact on the feel of the album. Dillinger are striving for, and achieving, overall sound artistry here as intentional and immersive as anything from the worlds of art-rock, pop or electronic music. "Manufacturing Discontent," "Apologies Not Included" and "Nothing To Forget" are all fantastic journeys through prodigiously inventive song structures and meticulously detailed soundscapes that continue to surprise until the last beat, alien guitar note or beautiful cello swell.Then, in a gesture of ultimate freedom, the album, and a near-peerless legacy, is capped by the most gorgeous composition the group have ever offered. The title track, with swooning strings, etheric effects, soaring, elastic vocal melodies and complicated, skittering beats, is closer to Björk than anything Dillinger have done before.Only an asshole could find fault with this record; there's no value in nitpicking an achievement this consummately professional, laboriously crafted and creatively uninhibited. If this truly is the end for Dillinger Escape Plan, they've ended things by throwing down the gauntlet with such force that the reverberations will be felt for generations. (Party Smasher Inc./Cooking Vinyl)
VfL Wolfsburg have stiffened their back line for the coming season with the signing of the Netherlands international defender Jeffrey Bruma.
The 24-year-old centre-back has signed a five-year deal through to 2021 at the Volkswagen Arena, and is enthusiastic about having a second taste of the Bundesliga after a previous spell at Hamburger SV.
"Since my time at Hamburg, it was clear to me that I would like to play in the Bundesliga again, because it's one of Europe's top leagues," said Bruma, who made 40 top-flight appearances for HSV between July 2011 and June 2013 after joining on loan from Chelsea FC.
Win a trip to a 2016/17 Bundesliga match
Take a look round Bruma's new home in the video below
'International class'
"I'm looking forward to having that opportunity with Wolfsburg. In three years at PSV, I've gained a lot of experience and improved a lot. It's now time for the next step."
Bruma, who has 19 international caps and a single goal for De Oranje, will fill the void left by Naldo's departure for FC Schalke 04.
"We're getting a central-defender of international class, as we were able to see in our Champions League games against PSV last season," Wolves coach Dieter Hecking said. "In spite of that, we believe Jeffrey can continue their development with us."
Bart Campolo grew up the son of a famous Christian pastor but, like Rachael Slick and many others, they turned out to be an atheist. In fact, he's now the Humanist Chaplain at the University of Southern California, one of only a handful of people across the country who have that title and a position that took some people by surprise.
When Bart told their father Tony they didn't believe in God anymore, the reaction wasn't nearly as bad as you may think:
Following the family dinner, Bart sat their parents down and explained that they were now an agnostic humanist. Their father's response was surprising. “You know me. I am not afraid you're going to hell because the God I believe in doesn't send people to hell for eternity for having the wrong theology,” Tony responded, according to Bart. “I'm sad because Christianity is my tribe, and I liked having you in my tribe.”
The power of tribes is one that's stuck with Bart for a while. In fact, at the Secular Student Alliance 2014 conference in Columbus, Ohio this summer, Campolo shared their story and explained the power of building community:
My favorite line (at 12:00):
Do you really think that all those kids on your campus are joining [Campus] Crusade [for Christ] because the dogma makes sense to them? They join those groups not because of the dogma but… in spite of the dogma. They join for the community. Which is why these Secular Student Alliance chapters on campuses… You guys will never be able to compete with them — until you deliver community.
It's a fascinating talk. If any other moments stand out to you, please leave the timestamp/summary in the comments.
The next generation of Python programmers
Did you know...? LWN.net is a subscriber-supported publication; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going. Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net.
In a keynote on day two of PyCon 2014 (April 12), Jessica McKellar made an impassioned plea for the Python community to focus on the "next generation" of Python programmers. They outlined the programming-education problem that exists in US high schools (and likely elsewhere in the world as well), but they also highlighted some concrete steps the community could take to help fix it. They expressed hope that they could report progress at the next PyCon, which will also be held in Montréal, Canada, next year.
Statistics
McKellar used the US state of Tennessee (known for "country music and Jack Daniel's") as an example. That is where they went to high school and where their family lives. There are roughly 285,000 high school students in Tennessee, but only 251 of them took the advanced placement (AP) computer science (CS) exam. That is 0.09%. AP CS is the most common computer science class that high school students in the US can take.
They showed a slide with an Hour of Code promo that had various "important, famous, and rich people", including US President Barack Obama, who are enthusiastic about students learning to code, they said. They believe that all students should at least have the opportunity to learn how to program in school.
But the reality is quite a bit different. In terms of AP participation by students, CS is quite low. They put up a graph of AP test takers by subject for 2013, showing CS with roughly 30,000 takers nationwide, slightly ahead of 2D studio art and well below subjects like history or literature, which have 400,000+ participants each.
The problem, typically, is the availability of classes. McKellar's sister goes to high school in Nashville, Tennessee. They like electronics and would be interested in taking a class in computer programming. The best that they are offered at their high school is a class on learning to use Microsoft Word, however. That's not just a problem for Tennessee, either, as there are roughly 25,000 high schools in the US and only around 2,300 of them teach AP CS.
They put up more statistics, including the pass rate of the AP CS exam, which was 66% in Tennessee. But of the 25 African-American students who took it, the pass rate was 32%. They showed maps of the US with states highlighted where no African-Americans took the test (11 states), no Hispanics (7), and no girls (3). One of the latter was Mississippi, where the lack of female test takers may be somewhat self-reinforcing; any girl in that state may well get the message that AP CS is not something that girls do. In addition, any girl who considers taking it will have to worry about their results being scrutinized on a national level: "I better pass or I will be a stat people talk about".
AP class participation by gender was next up. There are more AP classes where girls outnumber boys, but for math and science, that balance switches. CS has the worst gender imbalance of any AP class.
The Python community cares about this because it spends not just time and money, but "blood, sweat, and actual tears" trying to improve this imbalance, which starts in high school and even earlier. McKellar said they understand "how empowering programming is" and they want students to have the opportunity to "engage in computational thinking skills". They want the politicians that are making decisions about how the country is run to have that experience as well. Fixing this problem is important to the long-term success of the Python language as well.
What can be done
It was a "depressing introduction", they said, with lots of statistics that make it look like an "intractable problem". But there is some solace that can be taken from some of those statistics. While AP CS is the most gender-skewed AP exam, 29% of the test takers in Tennessee were girls. That is largely due to one teacher, Jill Pala in Chattanooga, who taught 30 of the 71 girls who took the exam. McKellar asked: If one teacher can make that big of a difference, what can a 200,000-member community do?
To answer that question, they asked three CS education specialists. If one is "armed with a Python community", what can be done to help educate the next generation of (Python) programmers? They got responses in four main areas: policy, student engagement, supporting teachers, and curriculum development. They said that they would be presenting the full fire hose of ideas in the hopes that everyone in the audience would find at least one that resonated.
Policy
To start with, in 35 states computer science is only an elective that doesn't give any math or science credit to a student who takes it. If a class doesn't "count for anything", students don't want to take it, schools don't want to offer it, and teachers don't want to teach it. One thing that audience members could do is to "pick up the phone" and ask legislators and school boards to change that.
There is also a lack of per-state data on who makes the decisions about what high school graduation requirements are. There is also a lack of a single place to go for per-state credential requirements for a teacher to be certified in CS. This is a problem for policymakers because they have no way to judge their own state policies by comparing them with their neighbors. It is something that could be fixed "in a weekend" with some Python, web scraping, and version control, they said.
Another problem is that AP CS is still taught in Java, which is a bad language to teach in. That is not their "hating on Java", but it is something that teachers say. If you think about what goes into writing "hello world" for Java, it doesn't allow deferring certain concepts (e.g. classes, object-oriented programming), which makes it difficult to understand "if you've never written a for loop before". Java is also getting "long in the tooth" as the AP CS language. Pascal was the that language for fifteen years, followed by C++ for six years, and now Java for the last eleven years.
People have been gathering information about what languages colleges use, what languages college teachers wish they were using, and what language they think they will be using ten years from now. Some of that information is compiled into Reid's List (described in this article [PDF], scroll down a ways), which shows that Python's popularity with college CS programs is clearly on the rise. But Reid's List has not been updated since 2012, as it is done manually, partly via phone calls, they said.
The 2012 list also shows Java with a clear lock on first place for the first programming language taught (Java 197, C++ 82, Python 43, ...). But, McKellar believes that Python's numbers have "skyrocketed" since then. They would like people to engage the College Board (which sets the AP standards) to switch the AP CS exam from Java to Python. The College Board bases its decision on what language teachers want to teach in, so the rise of Python, could be instrumental in helping it to make that decision—especially if that rise has continued since 2012. AP CS courses in Python would make for a "more fun computing experience", they said, and by engaging with the College Board, that change could happen in four to six years.
Student engagement
Students don't really know what CS is or what it is about, so they don't have much interest in taking it. But there are lots of existing organizations that teach kids, but don't know programming: summer camps, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, etc. This is an opportunity for the Python community to work with these groups to add a programming component to their existing activities.
There are also after-school programs that lack programming teachers. The idea is to take advantage of existing programs for engaging students to help those students learn a bit about computer science. That may make them more likely to participate in AP CS when they get to high school.
Supporting teachers
CS teachers are typically all alone, as there is generally only one per high school. That means they don't have anyone to talk to or to bounce ideas off of. But the Python community is huge, McKellar said, so it makes sense to bring those high school teachers into it.
Pythonistas could offer to answer lesson plan questions. Or offer to be a teaching assistant. They could also volunteer to visit the class to answer questions about programming. Inviting the teacher to a local user group meeting might be another way to bring them into the community.
Curriculum development
There is a new AP CS class called "CS Principles" that is being developed and tested right now. It covers a broader range of topics that will appeal to more students, so it is a "really exciting way to increase engagement", they said. So far, though, there is no day-to-day curriculum for the course in any language. That is a huge opportunity for Python.
If the best way to teach the CS Principles class was with a curriculum using Python, everyone would use it, they said. Teachers have a limited amount of time, so if there is an off-the-shelf curriculum that does a good job teaching the subject, most will just use it. The types of lessons that are laid out for the class look interesting (e.g. cryptography, data as art, sorting) and just require some eyes and hands to turn them into something Python-oriented that can be used in the classroom. Something like that could be used internationally, too, as there aren't many curricula available for teaching programming to high school students.
Deploying Python for high schools can be a challenge, however. They talked with one student who noted that even the teachers could not install software in the computer lab—and the USB ports had been filled with glue for good measure. That means that everything must be done in the browser. Runestone Interactive has turned their favorite book for learning Python, Think Python, into an interactive web-based textbook. The code is available on GitHub.
Perhaps the most famous browser-based Python is Skulpt, which is an implementation of the language in JavaScript (also available on GitHub). There are currently lots of open bugs for things that teachers want Skulpt to be able to do. Fixing those bugs might be something the community could do. Whether we like or not, they said, the future of teaching programming may be in the browser.
Summing up
Since we are starting from such terrible numbers (both raw and percentage-wise), a small effort can make a big difference, McKellar said. The Python Software Foundation (PSF), where McKellar is a director, is ready to help. If you are interested in fixing Skulpt bugs, for example, the PSF will feed you pizza while you do that (in a sprint, say). It will also look to fund grant proposals for any kind of Python-education-related project.
They put forth a challenge: by next year's PyCon, they would like to see every attendee do one thing to further the cause of the next generation of Python programmers. At that point, they said, we can look at the statistics again and see what progress has been made. As they made plain, there is plenty of opportunity out there, it just remains to be seen if the community picks up the ball and runs with it.
Slides and video from McKellar's keynote are available.
Call me a glutton for punishment but, when it appeared on the Judiciary website, I read the judgement of Mr Justice Au in the legislators' oaths cases. This was not fun. Towards the end, I felt as if I had been beaten repeatedly over the head with a volume of the old hardback Laws of Hong Kong.
Mr Au is apparently not inspired by the observation of the then Master of the Rolls, Lord Denning, that judgements should be written in a way which allows them to be understood by the lay clients involved in the case. Nor, alas, do they have that lucidity which makes some quite technical judgements a pleasure to read.
These are not complaints. Writing legal documents is a difficult and highly specialised art. The results are not meant to be entertaining, even to legal groupies like me. Sometimes we are lucky. And sometimes we're not. I understand that on non-legal matters Mr Au is regarded as a bit of a humorist. A well-concealed trait, in working hours.
This is not a preliminary warm-up for a complaint about the result. Clearly the “interpretation” of the relevant Basic Law was intended to provide a legal reason for the exclusion of some members from the Legislative Council. As that was its purpose it would have been surprising if it had not worked.
Once the Court of Appeal had given the nod to the idea that the interpretation was automatically backdated to 1997 Mr Au really had no choice but to proceed with the flagrantly unfair notion that what had been acceptable for 20 years was now grounds for instant defenestration from Legco, and had been such grounds even before it was thought of by our imperial masters.
Students of legal thought will find some interesting by-products of this process. The interpretation says that the taking of the Legco Oath must be done “accurately, solemnly and sincerely”.
Now “accurately”, if I understand the situation correctly, has been expanded a bit to include the notion that the swearer must utter the oath, the whole oath, and nothing but the oath. Say anything before or after and you are no longer accurate. It is not enough to read the words on the card. You must not say anything else. A careless “so help me God” could be very expensive.
Solemnly, you would think, presents few problems. Did the swearer giggle, wear a red nose, insert a joke? Well this also has expanded a bit. Its most interesting feat has been to take over the space formerly occupied by sincerely.
Here I smell a small rat. Because the law, apparently, is that the court will decide on an objective basis whether the oath was solemn. Which is easy enough. These days there will be video. But owing to the conflation of the two concepts the court is also, it seems, deciding whether the vote was sincere.
Indeed Mr Au at one point explicitly states that the standard of solemnity is that a reasonable man would suppose the oath taker to mean what they or they are saying.
The problem with this is that I can believe a judge – who is presumably used to making difficult decisions – may be able to decide objectively whether an oath-taking is solemn or not. And most reasonable people would agree with their decision in most cases. The objective judgement of sincerity is quite another matter.
Sincerity is an entirely internal matter which happens inside the person's brain. This is not a problem in the mainland legal system, where the contents of the suspect's brain can be extracted by pushing toothpicks under their fingernails or threatening to shoot their wife. I do wonder whether it can be reliably detected by a Hong Kong judge watching a video.
After all most of us accept civic obligations to the SAR and China as arising out of the current constitutional situation. Looking at the sort of time-servers and sycophants who occupy the pro-government side of Legco we must suspect that if by some awful international error Hong Kong had been returned in 1997 to Russia instead of China, they would now be willing to swear undying loyalty to the Soviet Socialist Republic of Hong Kong. Like, whatever.
Mr Au avoided this potential problem by treating solemnity and sincerity as the same thing. I do not think that produced any injustice in the instant cases. Clearly if a swearer has tripped over the accuracy and solemnity requirement it does not matter too much whether we also diagnose insincerity or not.
Will there, though, be future cases in which the newly minted legislator has taken the oath with all the accuracy and solemnity that a reasonable law can require, but is still not the sort of person the Liaison Office wishes to see in Legco? I do not look forward happily to the spectacle of a government lawyer arguing that a legislator should be disqualified because “he took the oath but they can't have meant it because look what they said last year”.
Curiously absent from the proceedings is the one group of people who are the losers in all this, and who happen to include me. The purpose of electing legislators is not to provide high quality advice to the government or to provide a stimulating and fulfilling career to aspiring young politicians. It is to ensure that the population of Legco reflects in its views the preferences of the electorate.
My constituency is supposed to have seven representatives. We now have only five. The one I voted for last time is out. The one I voted for the time before is out. The one I voted for in the by-election in between was not even allowed to run.
As an elector I am I think entitled to feel that I have been stiffed by the system. Of course I can if I feel strongly take legal action to compel the government to get on with a by-election or two. Why should I be deterred by the thought that the Department of Justice will claim several million bucks in costs if it wins? And if I win all I get is an election. Sorry. I have an invalid dog to support.
Fox News hosts have been dismissing the effects of the across-the-board government spending cuts known as sequestration, claiming that "nothing is happening" following the cuts taking effect. But the cuts are already having negative economic consequences that will continue unless the cuts are replaced.
"Nothing Is Happening": Fox Hosts Dismiss Sequestration Cuts
Hannity: Obama's "Doomsday Sequester Narrative Is Unraveling Faster Than We Can Keep Up." On the March 5 edition of Hannity, host Sean Hannity said, "Meanwhile, tonight, President Panic's doomsday sequester narrative is unraveling faster than we can keep up. Now, Barack Nostradamus Obama predicted a Mayan apocalypse if sequester went into effect. And now their unfulfilled prophecies are mounting and forcing their administration to do what they do best -- lie to you, the American people." [Fox News, Hannity, 3/5/13]
Cavuto: "Three Days In" To Sequestration Cuts And "Nothing Is Happening." Host Neil Cavuto opened the March 6 edition of Your World with Neil Cavuto by saying, "three business days in -- sequestration frustration is now a contagion. But not because bad things are happening. No, no, no. Because nothing is happening." [Fox News, Your World with Neil Cavuto, 3/6/13]
Fox's Dobbs: Sequestration Cuts Are "Far More Harmless Than Many Suggest." On the March 5 edition of Fox Business' Lou Dobbs Tonight, host Lou Dobbs said that the impact of the cuts would be "far more harmless than many suggest." [Fox Business, Lou Dobbs Tonight, 3/5/13]
Obama Repeatedly Said Cuts Would Have Negative Effects That Would Not "Be Felt Overnight" ...
Obama: Although It "Won't Be Felt Overnight," Automatic Spending Cuts "Will Weaken America's Economic Recovery" And "Our Military Readiness." In a speech in Newport News, Virginia, on February 26, Obama said:
Instead of cutting out the government spending we don't need -- wasteful programs that don't work, special interest tax loopholes and tax breaks -- what the sequester does is it uses a meat cleaver approach to gut critical investments in things like education and national security and lifesaving medical research. And the impact of this policy won't be felt overnight, but it will be real. The sequester will weaken America's economic recovery. It will weaken our military readiness. And it will weaken the basic services that the American people depend on every single day. Already, the uncertainty around these cuts is having an effect. Companies are starting to prepare for layoff notices. Families are preparing to cut back on expenses. And the longer these cuts are in place, the greater the damage. [WhiteHouse.gov, 2/26/13]
Obama: "Not Everyone Will Feel The Pain Of These Cuts Right Away" But "The Pain ... Will Be Real." In a statement preceding a press conference on March 1, Obama said the cuts would "hurt our economy" and "cost us jobs." They later said:
Now, what's important to understand is that not everyone will feel the pain of these cuts right away. The pain, though, will be real. Beginning this week, many middle-class families will have their lives disrupted in significant ways. Businesses that work with the military, like the Virginia shipbuilder that I visited on Tuesday, may have to lay folks off. Communities near military bases will take a serious blow. Hundreds of thousands of Americans who serve their country -- Border Patrol agents, FBI agents, civilians who work at the Pentagon -- all will suffer significant pay cuts and furloughs. All of this will cause a ripple effect throughout our economy. Layoffs and pay cuts means that people have less money in their pockets, and that means that they have less money to spend at local businesses. That means lower profits. That means fewer hires. The longer these cuts remain in place, the greater the damage to our economy -- a slow grind that will intensify with each passing day. So economists are estimating that as a consequence of this sequester, that we could see growth cut by over one-half of 1 percent. It will cost about 750,000 jobs at a time when we should be growing jobs more quickly. [WhiteHouse.gov, 3/1/13]
... And The Cuts Are Already Having And Will Continue To Have Serious Economic Effects
American Prospect: Spending Cuts Could "Cost Roughly 700,000 Jobs" And Slow GDP Growth By 0.5 Or 0.6 Percent. In an article titled, "Obama Didn't Cry Wolf on the Sequester," The American Prospect noted that "[s]equester furloughs have already begun for some federal workers" and noted:
Private forecasting firm Macroeconomic Advisers estimates "sequestration would cost roughly 700,000 jobs (including reductions in armed forces)," while Moody's Analytics predicts a hit to real gross domestic product of 0.5 percent, just a hair below Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke's prediction 0.6 percent fiscal drag. [The American Prospect, 3/6/13]
Republican Governor Bob McDonnell To Obama: Spending Cuts Pose "Potential Devastation" To Virginia Residents. In a February 18 letter, Virginia's Republican governor Bob McDonnell asked Obama to take action to repeal the spending cuts, writing, "I write today to respectfully request your immediate attention to address the potential devastation that looming cuts to defense due to sequestration will have on national security and on the economic well-being of the citizens of the Commonwealth. ... The automatic sequestration reductions mandated by the Budget Control Act of 2011 are already having a significant adverse effect on the Commonwealth." [Governor.Virginia.gov, 2/18/13]
Wash. Post: Many Defense Department Employees Face "A 20 Percent Pay Cut For Nearly Half The Year." A Washington Post article about the effects of the sequester on the Defense Department stated:
Navy and Air Force employees, along with nearly all other Defense Department civilians, are facing unpaid furloughs of 22 days from late April through September, which would be spread out as one day a week on average. That would amount to a 20 percent pay cut for nearly half the year. [The Washington Post, 3/5/13]
Wash. Post: Furlough-Caused Financial Problems Could Affect Security Clearances. The Post article also explained that federal employees holding security clearances could run into financial troubles because of the cuts, which could affect those employees' clearances:
Federal employees holding security clearances who run into financial trouble due to sequestration-caused furloughs should bring that issue to their agency's attention to help protect their cleared status, according to two military services. In guidance that could apply equally to employees of other agencies, the Navy has said its employees should notify their supervisors or their security officers in writing if the forced unpaid leave time causes financial troubles that would act as a security red flag. Indebtedness is one of the potential indicators of reliability, trustworthiness and judgment that go into a decision on granting or continuing security clearances, which are needed for many federal jobs. [The Washington Post, 3/5/13]
Wash. Post: Education Cuts To Impact "Poor And Disabled Children" And Schools On Native American Reservations And Military Bases. A March 5 Washington Post article explained that the cuts would have an adverse effect on "schools on Indian reservations and military bases, which receive a larger share of their funds from Washington as compensation for the fact that they can't raise funds from local property taxes [as most schools do]." The article noted that a school district on a Native American reservation in Arizona is considering "closing three of its seven schools as a result of the federal sequester." The article further stated that while public education is mostly funded by state and local governments, "[f]ederal dollars," which will be cut, "are largely concentrated on poor children and those with disabilities." [The Washington Post, 3/5/13]
NY Times Blog: EPA, FEMA, National Park Systems Will Be Adversely Affected By Cuts. A post on the New York Times blog IHT Rendezvous noted that staff at the Environmental Protection Agency will face furloughs and some "will temporarily lose their jobs." The EPA has also said, the post continued, that "it would have to reduce the number of environmental inspections, enforcement of rules at Superfund sites (sites contaminated by hazardous substances), groundwater cleanup actions and much more." The post noted that federal disaster relief and the National Park system will also both see cuts. [The New York Times, IHT Rendezvous, 3/4/13]
Famous Freemasons….where are they?
Flynn Francisco Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 7, 2016
I rememer a time before my initiation when I eagerly scrolled through a list of famous masons. The big names were the ones that intially piqued my interest: Benjamin Franking, George Washington, Winston Churchill, or Franklin D. Roosevelt. Ofcourse these also went along with rumoured celebrities and conspiracy theories, but nevertheless, Freemasonry's spark was in its people. Those who were Freemason's were powerful people, and those who were powerful people, quite possibly could be masons. Curiosity got the better of me, and in time, I myself was initiated.
It's been quite some time since then, more than half a decade, and masonry is slowly fading into the background. Like our phones that need a top of line model to let everyone know that yes, a company can deliver a quality product, freemasonry needs it's flagship masons.
Imagine if Mark Zuckerberg (creator of Facebook) or Elon Musk (founder of SpaceX) were known freemasons. How would that change masonry's public perception? Good or bad, they say there's no such thing as bad press, but a person of that stature could generate the biggest amount of interest in our fraternity in the last 10 years.
But this artcle really isn't about famous freemasons. We really can't help who becomes famous and who doesn't [or can we ;)]. It's about our masonic presence in the world, and how we are publicly precieved. Times have changed since masonry was revered, and its possible that due to negative conotations, that one could want to keep their membership a secret. However, one of the biggest things I've learned to be a mason is that you should be proud of who you are, proud of the tradition you are carrying, and proud of the example you are setting for everyone else.
Actually, it's really fine if freemasonry doesn't have a flagship mason, as long as the rest of us act like one.
The father of an autistic student against whom Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch ruled in 2008 told senators today that Gorsuch's views "threatened" their son's access to a quality education "and thus to a meaningful and dignified life. | Getty Father of autistic student: Gorsuch's views 'threatened' son's education
The father of an autistic student against whom Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch ruled in 2008 told senators Thursday that Gorsuch's views "threatened" their son's access to a quality education "and thus to a meaningful and dignified life."
Jeffrey Perkins was one of several people testifying for and against Gorsuch's nomination before the Senate Judiciary Committee.  They are the father of a student at the center of a 2008 Colorado case in which the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously sided with a school district that the parents claimed was failing to educate their child. Gorsuch wrote the opinion for the court.
Story Continued Below
While the student showed some progress in classes, they didn't seem to retain what he'd learned. Gorsuch wrote the opinion, which reversed three prior rulings, arguing the school had complied with federal disability law because the student needed to show gains that were “merely more than de minimis."
The Supreme Court ruled unanimously Wednesday that public schools must go the extra mile to educate special needs children. The decision specifically challenges the legal standard used by the 10th Circuit to interpret the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which requires a “free and appropriate public education” for disabled students.
"Thank you for the opportunity today to give voice to my son, Luke, whose access to an appropriate education, and thus to a meaningful and dignified life, was threatened by views of Judge Neil Gorsuch," Perkins said. "Judge Gorsuch thought that an education for my son that was even one small step above insignificant was acceptable."
Gorsuch on Wednesday said that as a judge, they were bound by precedent in deciding the case.
"If anyone is suggesting that I like a result where an autistic child happens to lose, that's a heartbreaking accusation to me. Heartbreaking," Gorsuch told senators. "I was wrong because I was bound by circuit precedent, and I'm sorry."
Read Perkins' full written testimony here.
Did Gang Bangers Force Cops to Close North Avenue Beach?
By Chuck Sudo in News on Jun 1, 2011 1:30PM
LM Murray
We're two days removed from the closing of North Avenue Beach by police and more theories are starting to trickle out as to what prompted the police response.
Sun-Times columnist Michael Sneed writes in today's Bright One that acting Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy ordered the beach closed after receiving intelligence reports that street gangs from around the city were converging there and at Oak Street Beach.
Sneed quotes a source as saying, "A gang presence down there is a growing concern and couple it with hot weather, it might have erupted into something horrifying. What beach do you know that closes down because of the heat? These gang members don't set up shop with blankets and fruit baskets.” This jibes with commenter Zig's account of what they experienced biking past the two beaches. If that's the case, then we're thankful the situation didn't escalate into a battle on North Avenue Beach.
Then there's WLS-AM 890's theory that the increased gang element was part of a flash mob intent on wilding. Police are denying that a flash mob was intent on causing a stir Monday.
We're still amazed that, in a metropolitan area of over eight million people, most of us feel the need to converge on only two beaches. Again, it's a big ass lakefront, people. Use it.
From storefront charities to sprawling medical centers, nonprofit groups are discovering that their property-tax-exempt status no longer shields them from cities casting for cash to make ends meet.
City officials across the nation are rethinking the sacred covenant between governments and nonprofits that historically have escaped property taxes because of the contributions they make to their communities.
Boston now requires its biggest nonprofits to collectively pay millions of dollars "in lieu of taxes." Madison, Wis., is considering the same. In Minnesota, home to one of the nation's most vibrant nonprofit sectors, cities are taking other steps.
The Mankato City Council last month voted to require all property owners to fund city lighting, not just property taxpayers. Bemidji and 17 area cities and townships are working to form a fire district that could be financed by a protection fee paid by all real estate owners.
"In the past 10 years, we've seen a surge in the number of cities looking for new ways to get revenue," said Anne Finn, assistant government relations director at the Minnesota League of Cities. "More and more cities are finding that property taxes aren't getting to the bottom line. If they can take something like street lighting off the property tax rolls, and make it a fee, then they can collect from all properties that benefit."
Nonprofit leaders bristle at the trend. They argue that the new fees are the start of a slippery slope to impose taxes on organizations that, by law, are exempt from property taxes.
"It overlooks all the contributions that nonprofits make to their communities," said Pam Determan, executive director of VINE Faith in Action of Mankato, who testified against the city lighting fee.
"For example, we regularly respond to calls from government officials requesting help, for example, for elderly people who need home repairs. We give 28,000 rides a year to the elderly, disabled and people going to work. We have meals on wheels."
VINE's lighting payment, about $960 a year, saps money directly away from those services, they said.
"Where will it end?" added Jon Pratt, executive director of the Minnesota Council of Nonprofits. "Snow removal fees? Street maintenance fees? Lighting fees? You could take the entire municipal budget and divide it into a thousand pieces. Then the whole concept of tax exempt is gone."
Is it fair?
Nonprofit groups are exempt from property taxes in all 50 states. The logic is that they provide services that otherwise might fall upon the government, or services that strengthen and benefit their communities.
Although they pay no property taxes, nonprofits employ nearly 300,000 workers in Minnesota alone, and pump money into their local economies. And they aren't the biggest tax-exempt group. Forty-three percent of non-taxable land in Minnesota is owned by the government and 22 percent by schools, according to the Minnesota Department of Revenue.
A city's amount of tax-free land varies widely, from about 25 to 30 percent in Minneapolis and St. Paul to more than two-thirds in places like Falcon Heights, the Minnesota League of Cities reports.
But is it fair that 75 percent of real estate owners pay for 100 percent of city services? asked Pat Hentges, city director of Mankato, where 23 percent of the land is tax free. The City Council's decision last month to create a lighting fee paid by all will generate about $500,000 a year, said Hentges, and remove that burden from property tax rolls.
Under the ordinance, nonprofits must pay 5 cents per linear foot of street frontage, they said. The local American Red Cross will pay about $10 per month. Minnesota State University Mankato will pay the most, about $1,160 per month.
"[Without this], taxpaying properties pay 100 percent of the cost," said Hentges. "Now they pay 80 percent."
The debate over who should pay, and how much, has blasted into public consciousness in recent years. The obscure topic is now the subject of national conferences, scholarly research at Washington think tanks and countless media articles.
"This became hot in about 2009 and it continues to receive an enormous amount of attention," said Daphne Kenyon, a property tax scholar who suddenly has found themselves in big demand.
The issue has gained heat along with the nation's anti-tax climate, the fiscal crisis, and changing attitudes toward nonprofits, said Kenyon, of the Massachusetts-based Lincoln Institute of Land Policy.
"And it's a human drama story," they said. "It's not just cold numbers."
The biggest money-makers are "payments in lieu of taxes," used most widely in Boston. They require nonprofits, typically the largest, to pay a portion of the real estate taxes for their land.
Park Nicollet Health Services, for example, agreed in 2007 to pay property taxes to St. Louis Park for a parcel of land it bought from the city, said Park Nicollet spokesperson Jeremiah Whitten. It paid $20,640 last year, the city reports.
"Lazaretto" is the first single from Jack White's second solo album of the same name. The live version of the song was recorded, pressed and released on the same day (19 April 2014).[1] On the B-side was a cover of Elvis Presley's song "Power of My Love".[2][3]
By recording, pressing and releasing the live version of "Lazaretto" in less than four hours, Jack White broke the previous Guinness World Record set by Swiss polka trio Vollgas Kompanie, who issued their album Live on August 16, 2008, a day after they recorded it. There is a hidden message alongside matrix numbers in the runout areas on both sides of the "Lazaretto" "world's fastest record" vinyl: side A "Guinness", side B "Can Kiss My..."
The studio version of the song was released on April 21 on YouTube, and on April 22 the single was available for purchase digitally and as an instant download with all iTunes Lazaretto album pre-orders.[4]
The song is a playable track in Guitar Hero Live and Rock Band 4.
Background [ edit ]
According to White, the musical arrangement to "Lazaretto" was inspired by MC Lyte's 1989 hit single "Cha Cha Cha".[5][6]
Critical reception [ edit ]
In one positive review that emphasized White's guitar prowess, Billboard wrote that the single "is in-and-out, leaving the listener panting and ready to hear more from White's new album."[7] Giving the single four stars, Chuck Arnold of People said that on the track, White "unleashes one of their funkiest grooves since 'Seven Nation Army'."[8] Madison Vain, with Entertainment Weekly called the song a "dense, manic, and fantastically indulgent display of musicality," and said it "further cement[s] their position as rock & roll's primal keeper of the flame."[9]
The song was nominated for two Grammy Awards—Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance—winning the latter.
Track listing [ edit ]
7" vinyl
"Lazaretto" – 3:57 "Power of My Love" – 5:00
Charts [ edit ]
Personnel [ edit ]
Jack White – vocals, electric guitar
Daru Jones – drums
Dominic Davis – bass
Fats Kaplin – fiddle
Ikey Owens – Moog synth
Cory Younts – Korg synth
Photo by: MGM Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon) explains how their robot, "Robby," can synthesize any material they need, in 'Forbidden Planet.'
Fans of "Star Wars" and "Star Trek" generally fall into two opposing camps, and you might not expect either to associate with Shakespeare scholars. But all three groups can find common ground for enjoyment in this month's News-Gazette Film Series offering, "Forbidden Planet," which will screen at 1 p.m. and 7 p.m. on Saturday at the Virginia Theatre in downtown Champaign.
The 1956 MGM classic is essentially a science fiction retelling of Shakespeare's "The Tempest," with space travel, ray guns and a robot.
In the late 23rd or early 24th century, the United Planets space cruiser C-57-D arrives at Altair IV in order to discover the fate of a previous expedition.
That group's sole survivor, philologist Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), warns them not to land, but Capt. J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen) insists on following through with their mission. Upon landing, Adams and their men are met by Morbius' robot, Robby, and taken to their home, the only structure on the planet's surface.
Morbius continues with their warnings. They have been studying the Krell, Altair IV's former inhabitants, who reached a fantastic level of advancement only to be wiped out in a single night. A mysterious something also killed all the members of their expedition except for them and their wife.
Adams takes precautions to safeguard their ship and crew but also develops a romantic interest in Morbius' daughter, Altaira (Anne Francis). Of course, the mysterious, murderous something returns, and blasters can't stop it.
Shakespeare's magician Prospero, their daughter Miranda, who has never seen a man their age, and Ferdinand, the shipwrecked son of the King of Naples, here become scientist Morbius, Altaira and Capt. Adams, while good spirit Ariel and evil monster Caliban become Robby and the Monster from the Id, respectively.
The film strips away the subplots involving royal betrayals and revenge, along with the characters from Prospero's generation, and a good dose of Freud is added to explain the monster, introducing a disturbing subtext if one pushes the analysis far enough.
"Forbidden Planet" was the first science fiction movie to feature a friendly robot, as well as humans traveling through space in their own flying saucer as a military unit (military space explorers had made earlier TV appearances: "Space Patrol," "Tom Corbett, Space Cadet" and "Captain Video and Their Video Rangers," which also included a friendly robot). It profoundly influenced many future science fiction directors, especially Gene Roddenberry, creator of "Star Trek."
The film's United Planets prefigures Roddenberry's Federation. The Starship Enterprise includes the saucer shape of Cruiser C-57-D and uses warp drive to travel between stars while C-57-D employs faster-than-light hyperdrive.
The light tubes Adams and their crew enter to make the transition to and from hyperdrive look very much like the early transporters in the first "Star Trek" series, and world-controlling computers frequently appeared there as well.
Capt. Adams shares many of the personality traits with Capt. Kirk (including romancing girls on alien planets), and the doctors in both this film and the first Start Trek iteration are crusty comrades of the captain.
George Lucas also obviously studied "Forbidden Planet." The thought materializer that produces a miniature moving three-dimensional image of Altaira surely inspired the image of Princess Leia asking for Obi-Wan Kenobi's help in "Star Wars: A New Hope." And the huge Krell machine 20 miles square influenced the look of Empire installations.
Produced by MGM as a big budget feature in color and Cinemascope, "Forbidden Planet" displays superb production values — better in fact than originally planned. Art director Arthur Lonergan went over budget on the sets but did so first by building them only halfway, leaving the studio the choice of either spending more to complete them or else scrapping them and losing their investment.
Robby, the Robot, designed by Robert Kinoshita, cost $125,000 to design and build. That was a lot of money for a single prop, so producer Nicholas Nayfack used them the following year in "The Invisible Boy" (title notwithstanding, a tale about a supercomputer trying to take over the world).
Another "Forbidden Planet" first was Louis and Bebe Barron's soundtrack, consisting entirely of electronic music, blending score and sound effects. Because the Barrons used no standard musical instruments, the musicians guild prevented MGM from giving them a music credit. Instead, they were credited with "Electronic Tonalities," and the most innovative film score ever was not eligible for an Oscar nomination.
The film did get an Oscar nomination for Special Effects but lost to "The Ten Commandments."
For the visual effects of the Monster from the Id and various other light effects, MGM employed Disney special effects animator Josh Meador. (MGM still had its own animation studio at the time but no one with the expertise or skill of Meador, who had worked on Disney classics such as "Pinocchio" and "Fantasia.")
Director Fred McLeod Wilcox (best known previously for their 1943 "Lassie Come Home") insisted their actors treat "Forbidden Planet" as a serious film, and except for a few pieces of comic relief with Earl Holliman's cook, it plays that way successfully.
In 2013, the National Film Preservation Board of the Library of Congress added "Forbidden Planet" to the National Film Registry.
Some Robby, the Robot notes:
— Robert Kinoshita (who later designed the robot for television's "Lost in Space" — which explains why it looked a lot like Robby) also designed tubs for washing machines, and many washing machine design details show up in Robby — e.g., their barrel chest.
— In their two feature film appearances, Robby is credited as "Robby, The Robot" with the comma included, making him, I think, the only "actor" not a "Jr." to have a comma in their name.
— "The Invisible Boy," though set in the 1950s, is something of a "Forbidden Planet" sequel. At one point, the title character's father says a scientist interested in time travel designed that film's Robby. Then we see a photo labeled "Chicago Spaceport March 16, 2309" in their workshop which shows the "Forbidden Planet" Robby and saucer. So presumably the old scientist traveled to 2309, saw Robby after C-57-D, brought them to Earth and designed their own robot on that basis. All of this is extraneous to the plot, and Robby themselves was added to the script only to get further return on the producer's investment in him.
N-G Film Series
Here's the lineup for the 2015-16 series at the Virginia Theatre in downtown Champaign. Movies will be screened at 1 and 7 p.m. Tickets cost $6. Call 356-9063 or visit thevirginia.org for more information.
Saturday: "Forbidden Planet" (1956)
March 19: "42nd Street" (1933)
April 2: "Sweet Smell of Success" (1957)
May 21: "The Graduate" (1967)
June 25: Readers' choice, vote at news-gazette.com/ filmseries
July 16: "The Awful Truth" (1937)
Aug. 6: "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" (1971)
Richard J. Leskosky taught media and cinema studies at the University of Illinois and has reviewed films for more than 30 years. They can be contacted at filmcritic@comcast.net.
This blog post is once again prompted by something I encountered in the wild. The other day, I was testing browserid.org‘s account manager for accessibility and encountered some inconsistencies in keyboard navigation and screen reader usage. For one, there are “edit” buttons next to the “Your E-Mail addresses” and “Password” headings whose usability wasn't obvious to me. To my screen reader, the “remove” buttons next to the e-mail addresses linked to my account, as well as the two password entry fields, were visible without me having to actually press these “edit” buttons at all. I could perform all actions without a hitch, so these buttons seemed superfluous and just adding noise. Secondly, even when just navigating through the page via the tab key, I couldn't find anything that these “edit” buttons could be used for.
The solution came to me when I asked my significant other, who is sighted, to look at the page with me. For her, the “remove” buttons and password entry fields were not visible on initial page load. When I started navigating the page with NVDA's virtual cursor, the buttons magically appeared. When I moved in the opposite direction, they disappeared again. When I navigated via tab , they appeared and remained visible from then on.
The problem here was that the content “hiding” was done in a way that visually hides the content from the naked eye, but not from my screen reader. Furthermore, the fact that this page has different interaction models for keyboard and mouse users was not taken into account. In short: a wrong technique was used to hide the content.
This blog post is an attempt at explaining the different “hiding” models as well as trying to get rid of some of the misunderstandings and misconceptions I've encountered over and over over the past ~10 years.
Some basics
To understand what's happening, you need to know (or remember) this: Screen readers as well as other assistive technologies for people with disabilities use a collection of objects to convey information about the web page to the user. These objects are structured in a tree-like structure, with the document being the root, the navigation area, headings, sections etc. being this root's children and so forth. Accessibility techies call this the “accessible tree”. It is a sub set of the tree built from the HTML source code in the browser's document object model (DOM). Not all elements need a representation in the accessibility tree, so the mapping isn't always 1:1.
The rendering engine, in Firefox's case Gecko, applies several attributes to these accessible objects that relay important information to the user with disability. For this information, the engine does not only use attributes supplied by the individual HTML tags, but also some styling information from the CSS. An example of this CSS-based information is that about text styling and attributes, colors etc.
Some information, however, is not used, like the final position of a container via CSS. A div container may, for example, be shown in the upper right-hand corner of the site, right next to the navigation bar, but its code may be somewhere at the end of the source file. The screen reader will find the text in that container near the end of the accessible tree, not right next to the navigation, because the styling information for this position is not used. If you'd like to know more about this, read this article of mine.
Hiding is not equal to hiding
Some CSS statements, however, are being followed to the letter. In IE, the screen reader does it, in Firefox, the Gecko engine does it for the screen reader, and has being doing so for over ten years now. Elements styled with “display: none;” or “visibility: hidden;” are not included in the accessibility tree! Only if that element's styling is changed via JavaScript or similar to make it visible, it is being inserted into the accessible tree, and an event is being emitted to let the screen reader know that this insertion just occurred.
Other statements for “hiding” like “left: -9999px; top: -9999px;” are not being used. These elements appear to the screen reader just as any other currently visually visible element on the screen is.
Once again so this sinks in: Elements styled with “display: none;” or “visibility: hidden;” are always hidden from screen readers as well. This is true for screen readers on Windows like NVDA or JAWS, and has been so for at least the last ~7 years. Orca on Linux, VoiceOver on OS X and iOS also adhere to this rule. JAWS has consistently supported this since version 7, which was released in 2005. All other screen readers I know do this right, too, and have been for ages. Why this rumor that one can provide extra content to screen readers via elements styled with “display: none;” keeps sticking around, I have no clue. It is definitely wrong! Screen readers completely ignore elements styled with “display: none;” or “visibility: hidden;”.
So when do I use what?
If an element or group of elements should only become visible after the user performed a conscious action, use “display: none;” or “visibility: hidden;”, depending on your requirements. A good example of this can be seen by many bloggers each time they're in their WordPress 3.3 backend. The main menu items like “Dashboard”, “Article”, etc., have menu items hidden that only become visible if a) one hovers the mouse over them or b) one navigates there via tab and presses enter . Some magic is performed, and the “display: none;” styling is removed, and the elements become visible. In addition, WordPress correctly uses the WAI-ARIA attribute aria-haspopup=”true” on these menu items to indicate that there are items that become visible once a particular action is performed.
Had the WordPress folks used a technique to merely remove the elements from the visible view port, my screen reader would see all sub menu elements of all categories. My user interface would be much more cluttered than that of sighted people. All advantages of a lean and mean interface would be gone. And yes, I, too, enjoy the niceties of a clean interface where I can show and hide the stuff I need to work with or not. If, like in the WordPress case, the correct markup is being used, I do not need to see all content immediately to know that it may be there if I need it. On the contrary, if it were all shown, my interface would be cluttered and difficult to navigate, too!
The wrong method to use is the one I explained at the beginning of this article. The “remove” buttons and password entry fields of the BrowserID account manager were merely moved out of the visible view port rather than completely hidden.
Another useful application of content moved out of the view port are “skip” links. WebAIM have an article on these if you want to dive into this matter further.
In conclusion
It is my sincere hope that this blog post helps to clear up some confusion about the types of “hidden” content, the effects “display: none;” vs. negative positioning has, and when to use what properly. A good rule of thumb might be: If something should remain hidden until the user performs a conscious action, use “display: none;”. Should something, on the other hand, become visible when navigated to via the keyboard, or be discoverable by screen reader users right away, use negative positioning.
Questions? I'm sure there are! So feel free to post them here! And don't be shy. Only who asks no questions will remain in the dark. 🙂
(Reuters) - Justin Bieber and Usher were ordered by a U.S. appeals court on Thursday to face a $10 million lawsuit claiming the singers illegally copied parts of a song composed by two Virginia songwriters.
Singers Justin Bieber and Usher (R) pose together after performing on NBC's "Today" show in New York in this November 23, 2011, file photo. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/Files
By a 3-0 vote, the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond revived a May 2013 lawsuit by Devin Copeland, an R&B singer known as De Rico, and their songwriting partner Mareio Overton, saying a lower court judge was wrong to dismiss it.
The plaintiffs claimed that three versions of the song “Somebody to Love” recorded by Bieber, Usher or both shared the beat pattern, time signature, and similar chords and lyrics with their song with the same name.
“After listening to the Copeland song and the Bieber and Usher songs as wholes, we conclude that their choruses are similar enough and also significant enough that a reasonable jury could find the songs intrinsically similar,” Circuit Judge Pamela Harris wrote for the appeals court.
Among the other defendants were publishers such as Vivendi SA's Universal Music Publishing Group and Sony Corp's Sony/ATV Music Publishing.
Defense lawyers did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Duncan Byers, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, in an interview said the panel “recognized what my clients have said all along: it's the same melody and the same chorus.”
The lawsuit will return to the lower court.
One version of “Somebody to Love,” recorded by Bieber and credited to them as a co-writer, peaked at No. 15 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2010.
The plaintiffs alleged that music scouts had played their song, which was written in 2008, for Usher, who liked what they heard and then brought it to Bieber.
U.S. District Judge Arenda Wright Allen dismissed the lawsuit in March 2014, saying no reasonable jury could find copyright infringement.
Harris, though, said even the lyric “somebody to love” was delivered in an “almost identical rhythm and a strikingly similar melody.”
The judge also said it did not matter that the Bieber and Usher versions qualified as “dance pop, perhaps with hints of electronica” while the Copeland version was “squarely” R&B.
They said to rule otherwise could give artists too wide a berth to profit from others' songs, such as through unlicensed reggae or heavy metal versions of the Beatles' “Hey Jude” that had a different “concept and feel.”
The case is Copeland et al v. Bieber et al, 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-1427.
A Turkish police officer, whose tear gas attack on a woman in a red dress became a symbol during anti-government uprising in 2013, has been found guilty of misconduct. The court handed them a suspended sentence and ordered them to plant 600 trees.
The Istanbul court sentenced police officer Fatih Zengin to 20 months in jail, which they will serve only in case of a repeated offence in the next five years, Reuters reported on Wednesday. The officer will also have to plant 600 trees as community service – and will be responsible for them during first six months after their planting.
RT @AlMonitor Policeman accused of spraying "Lady in Red" during May 2013 protests in #Taksim Sq. has been indicted pic.twitter.com/U5MUhxLAeb — Roshanak Taghavi (@Roshanakt) January 17, 2014
Ceyda Sungur, the “lady in red” with their hair blown by a flow of the tear gas targeting their face, became an icon of the anti-government protests that sparked by a plan to redevelop the Gezi Park in central Istanbul two years ago. Them image went viral on social media and was quite common on posters and stickers at the protests that flooded the whole country.
'Lady in red' #gassed by Turkish police officer became an #icon of #Gezi protests and popular photo object in park now pic.twitter.com/pK9wNWr0Hy — Marc Guillet (@Turkeyreport) June 8, 2013
Zengin was accused of using excessive force, and prosecutors demanded a three-year term of imprisonment. The final sentence seems to be ironic, as the government eventually dismissed the protests, which were initial a reaction against a plan to remove the Gezi Park greenspace, with the words that they had “nothing to do with trees” anymore.
In the wave of demonstrations that were marked by repeated clashes with riot police, eleven people were killed and over 8,000 were injured.
Your daily collapse links are listed below, but first, another tediously incoherent babbly message from our sponsor, me.
***
Was just thinking about catastrophic cascading collapse and the intuitive math of a converging downward spiral. The debt spiral. The extinction spiral. The etc. spiral. We just found maybe 10 years of new Alaskan oil we can bring to market, unless the glacial meltdown and lack of snow causes a magnitude 9 earthquake in British Columbia when the overdue mega quake Acadian plate heaves upwards, as the running glacial melt water shifts to the equator and continues to slow earth down.
Our earth's magnetic field is collapsing, exposing us to more solar radiation which will weaken our protection against even minor solar flares. The reason we don't harden electrical transformers stations to prepare for this is the same reason we have a war tax and not a universally free healthcare and education tax. Wars are sucking us dry.
Killing Arabs and Persians for fun and profit in pursuit of oil and minerals is not the way to lower our carbon emissions and save life on earth. Because that's all we can do now. This whole faerie dust of green energy and hi-tech unicorns just doesn't jive with the looming shortages of rare minerals our AI world demands. The next thing you know the AI robots will say fuck you humans, we need those fucking minerals for ourselves.
We don't have time for another faked out co-opted political movement. We have to take power now. The second coming of the new messianic green energy source is fantasy. The energy corporations lying to you? Stranger things can happen. We need a real man's revolution, a peaceful one. Not a sucky boy violent one.
I started preaching a long time ago about levelling the world stage playing field by debt forgiveness of our bullshit credit funny money, and basing money on what it really is, carbon emissions, because carbon emissions are the future debt we owe our children. If we continue with a war based nation state tax and energy aggressive policies, our political system will crash violently. I plead with youth to adopt James Hansen's new carbon tax dividends into a new world e-currency as the fastest, most efficient way to destroy carbon emissions world wide. I know no one listens, but I don't care. I can no more stop it than I can stop breathing.
This tax based new world e-currency can be phased in over a period of 10 years. Sorry, I'm a bit high right now. But, none of this will work if we continue bombing Arabs and Persians with our tax money. We are letting our governments kill people with our tax money instead of saving our kids. This is so wrong, it has led me to actually seek cold comfort in the ruthless fires of collapse. Don't consider who is writing this, just focus on what I'm saying. If we can't even stop the killing, how are we going to save the planet?
I'm old, nobody wants to listen to me, these words are for the young, not me. There will be no gardens without the show of force of overwhelming peaceful resolution. We could legalize drugs worldwide just by sheer force of youthful discussion. So go for it kids, I don't have all that long anyhow.
Daily Collapse Links
Unforeseen Consequences: The Death of Trees
Navy Admits to Having Released Chemicals Known to Injure Infants' Brains
The $5 Trillion Wars
It's Outrageous That I'm Facing 45 Years in Prison for Filming a Climate Protest
U.K. Botched Its Renewable Energy Programs, Auditors Report
Environmental Official Shot In Front Of Their Family In Brazil
Violent Land Grabs Kills Brazilian Tribes
Latinos Face Economic and Health Threats from Climate Change
Agriculture must change as Climate changes— FAO
Is climate changing too fast for grasses that feed the world?
World's Mammals Are Being Eaten Into Extinction (G.)
Adam Curtis – HyperNormalisation: Full BBC Documentary 2016
America the Beautiful Bankrupt (MD White)
The Debt Trap Is Global (Mike Maloney)
France Burns Coal Like It's 1984 as Prices Jump on Atomic Woes (BBG)
Europe's Illegal Teak Imports Widespread
The Cycle of Civil Unrest & Martial Law (Martin Armstrong)
Hillary May Hand Control Over US Retirement Savings To Wall Street (IBT)
Half Of US Adults Are Recorded In Police Facial Recognition Databases (G.)
Yet Another Big Ass Motherfucker Super Storm Barrels Toward Philippines
McKibben Hails Snowball's Chances In Hell
Commentary: Trump and Clinton offer two kinds of Syria policy: bad and worse Reuters
Middle East's Migrant Population More Than Doubles Since 2005 Pew Research
National Poll: A Quarter of Millennials Would Prefer a Meteor Strike to 2016 Presidential Candidates
Pew Research Finds Obama Rigging Election with 4 Million Illegal Votes *
It's pretty fucking sad when you have to watch FOX NEWS for the truth.
Advertisements
Do you have fifteen minutes to spare in the name of a good meal? If so, I can get you from the stove to the dinner table in that small snippet of time. I know you guys like easy weeknight meals, and they don't get much easier than this. In fact, last night, my husband picked up Emily from their theater class and I had them call me as they left for home, so that I could see how fast I could move this dinner. It's a fifteen minute drive from their class to our house…and here's what happened during that time.
I gathered my ingredients. Simplicity reigns here, and all you'll need is some linguine or fettuccine, prosciutto, frozen peas, half and half and chicken broth. (I tried to lighten things up by using the half and half mixed with broth. The original recipe calls for a cup of heavy cream. You do what's right for you.)
I carefully placed the pasta into a large pot of boiling water on the stove.
Once the pasta was in, I heated a bit of olive oil in a large pan on the stove, and sauteed my prosciutto until it started to crisp up.
Once it had sizzled for about 3 minutes, I deglazed the pan with a little bit of white wine. I let that reduce down for a couple of minutes, and then added in my frozen peas, half and half and chicken broth.
I drained my pasta, and carefully stirred it into the mixture on the stove.
I let the pasta and sauce simmer for a bit on the stove, stirring it every once in a while, letting it thicken up a bit.
Right before I served it up, I sprinkled the pasta with some salt and a little bit of cayenne pepper, just enough to let you know it's there.
My husband and Emily walked in the door, and I placed their plates in front of them. Done!
Simple. Quick. Classic. It's a delicate sauce, lighter than you'd imagine, and a pretty tasty way to end a busy, busy day.
Have a great weekend.
Oh, and don't forget to enter The Biggest Giveaway of the Year! If you missed the post last night, check it out today. I'd love for a Chew Nibble Nosh reader to get their hands on that iPad!
PASTA WITH PEAS AND PROSCIUTTO
Adapted from Cuisine at Home
Pasta with Peas and Prosciutto Recipe Type : Pasta Cuisine: Pasta Author: Adapted from Cuisine at Home Prep time: 5 mins Cook time: 15 mins Total time: 20 mins Serves: 4 Ingredients 8 oz. linguine or fettuccine
2 Tbsp. olive oil
3 oz. prosciutto, cut into thin strips
1/2 cup dry white wine
2/3 cup half and half
1/2 cup chicken broth
(or, substitute 1 cup of heavy cream for the half and half and broth)
1 cup frozen peas
salt
cayenne pepper, to taste
grated Parmesan cheese Instructions Bring a large pot of salted water to boil on the stove. Cook the pasta in the water, according to the package. Drain and set aside. Heat the oil over medium high heat in a large saute pan. Saute the prosciutto for 3-4 minutes, until it starts to crisp up a bit. Deglaze the pan with the white wine. Simmer until the liquid is reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Stir in the half and half, chicken broth, and peas. Add the drained pasta and carefully toss with the sauce. Cook until slightly thickened, about 3 more minutes. Season with salt and cayenne. Garnish with grated parmesan. ENJOY! 3.1.09
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome Your rating: None Average: 4 ( 7 votes)
New powers to patent animals (including unrealized hybrids that populate furry fiction) burst into the news on 11/13/13, when activist organization Wikileaks revealed a draft of the secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. Analysts have called it "a major power grab for large patent and copyright industries," with powerful implications for the future of intellectual property.
With a lead like that, I have to apologize for faking you out. I couldn't resist. Now let's do a 180, and turn back to the furry level of life, where copyright concerns are much more personal. Consider this scenario that happened to fursuiters Sakura Fox and Mercury on their trip to New York City:
You're walking through Central Park, and see some panhandlers begging for change. They're wearing badly made, unsightly costumes of Sesame Street characters. You shouldn't hang around them in fursuit, because a pimp Elmo might come smack you off their corner!
It's an unauthorized misuse of trademark for profit. It could make the copyright owners look bad, and they wouldn't like it. It's probably too trivial for them to hear about, or hire lawyers to stop it- but you never know. In a famous 1989 action, Disney forced the removal of murals featuring their characters from three Florida day care centers. It helped earn their "reputation as an extreme copyright hawk -- there's a reason 'Disney lawyer' is a term all its own". (On the more friendly side, consider Hasbro's relationship with Bronies.)
Persistent questions
After Sakura encountered the Central Park panhandlers, it inspired many questions about copyright. They ask: how does copyright work for fursuiters? Is copyright held by the suit builder, or the owner? How does it work for photography of the suit? Who can make money from these activities?
Such questions aren't uncommon. I suspect that they're complicated enough to cause persistent confusion, like with laws to protect commercial properties that aren't worth enforcing for fan activities.
Have we ever seen a furry copyright problem go to court? Have fan-made costumes of trademarked characters ever brought trouble to an event? Many makers won't build such costumes. Can any makers explain how they negotiate their terms for commissions? Are there any lawyers in the fandom who can give professional answers?
Sakura and Mercury let me join Secret Fox Club, at Biggest Little Fur Con 2013.
Furries respond
Sakura's journal has many opinions. I'm not a lawyer, but I've done enough professional art, negotiating, and working with my own lawyers to form a casual opinion about fursuit copyright. I assume that suit-building is contract work covered by one payment, with copyright held by the character owner, unless otherwise specified by contract. (Using detailed contracts seems important for commissioners and especially makers. You can write your own by adapting boilerplate terms. Everyone should do it, especially when furry fandom doesn't have many safeguards to mediate disputes!)
Photo reproduction and "furmark" is brought up here by Kakurady. Another post on Artists Beware complains about unauthorized use of fursuiter photos for a documentary film.
Derivative works and fan art of copyrighted characters comes up in this LiveJournal post. Here's a response from Sparf:
I'd like to toss out there that having worked with a local costume rental company that produced a lot of its own costumes for rent, and did theatrical work and design work as well (I'm an actor), the sort of 'magic number' that they used for costumes was '20% different'. Legal precedent has apparently gone in favor of the alleged trademark infringers if there is no 'company' logo or name and the costume is at least 20 percent different from the character in question.
Fursuiting presents an interesting copyright situation. It can be fundamentally collaborative, when the maker's creation goes on to be used for performance and photography. Fursuiting is also important if I can claim that it's the most original product of this fandom. (I appreciate that many people don't want to conflate "furry" and "fursuiting", but there are visual and survey-based reasons to consider it a key activity.)
Fursuit.org attempts to address copyright with a legal FAQ that's unfortunately incomplete. A lack of common consensus and understanding seems to leave an open challenge to build a central resource to help.
Resources for a better fandom
Subculture might be a better word than fandom, when furries do more than follow unoriginal creations. That's a good reason to build central resources, to support and promote fellow creators and members with questions like these.
Consider the "guild" concept. An association of furry creators could register formal memberships, issue a "seal of approval" to invite customer trust, mediate commissions and disputes, collect reviews and ratings, and benefit creators and commissioners as a one-stop info source. (I keep raising the idea.)
These issues seem likely to grow if fursuiting is trending in pop culture, raising the bar for it's craft, and increasing with the success of cons. I hope this kind of discussion will contribute to better resources. Others hope the same. Read more in this Reddit thread proposing a Fursuit maker review site.
Many different creators organize to promote their specialities. It's not like a "multilateral free-trade treaty" between nations, but fursuit makers and furries should consider it too.
Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci speaking to members of the media at the White House.
Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci speaking to members of the media at the White House.
A DETAILED MEMO written by Anthony Scaramucci reveals they had big plans for the White House communications team before they were dramatically fired.
Scaramucci, who lasted 11 days in the Communications Director role, set out their vision for the department in a document titled ‘Communications plan'.
The 53-year-old listed their priorities under five headings:
Improve the Culture
Comms is a Customer Service Operation—POTUS is the Number One Customer
Make the News—We Go First
Fill the Content Void
Jobs, Jobs, Jobs
“Everything is possible with a good culture, nothing is possible without it,” they note in the “improving the culture” section. They advocated that team members “build bridges and foster better working relationship” with members of the media.
POTUS can choose to fight with the media, but Comms can not.
“WH [White House] should leave old grudges behind, but never forget,” they ominously added.
The document is littered with corporate speak such as “Implement a series of professionalizing initiatives immediately” and “Upgrade talent incrementally — prioritize culture”.
The memo is dated 30 July which is two days after Scaramucci, or ‘Mooch' as they are now known across the world, went on their infamous, expletive-laden rant about some of their White House colleagues. Another line in the document notes:
Make it clear that horn tooting and denigrating colleagues is unacceptable.
Anthony Scaramucci answers reporter's questions during their first press briefing. Source: SIPA USA/PA Images
Ideas
Scaramucci's admiration for their former boss shines brightly throughout the document. They refer to Trump as “the best golfer to serve as President” and the “greatest TV star in history”.
The investment banker did have some ideas that would be welcomed by journalists the world over. They said that no communication staffer should go home before returning all calls, emails and texts.
“People may not like our answers – but they should always be treated professionally and respectfully,” they wrote.
Leaks
The apparent obsession with leaks, that seems to have permeated throughout the Trump administration, is comprehensively addressed in the document.
“No more threats about leaking and internal game playing – anyone who takes actions that do not serve the President will be dismissed – period.
“We will eliminate the bad eggs and send a powerful message to the remaining staff that well-intentioned mistakes are acceptable, but misconduct is not.”
Number one customer
Scaramucci went into great detail outlining how they view the communications department as a customer service operation, with the president as their number one customer.
They spoke of a need to “humanize” the president and “burnish” their image. They put forward the idea of a lottery for the chance to play golf with Trump as a way to do this.
President Donald Trump yells to spectators during the US Women's Open golf tournament at Trump National Golf Club-New Jersey. Source: SIPA USA/PA Images
“Make the news”
Scaramucci describes how the department needs to operate like a news channel complete with producers, scripts and narration. “An effective Comms shop will dictate the news of the day on most days,” they state.
Comms needs to better explain how POTUS's actions are helping Americans. For example, deregulation is an abstract concept to most voters.
They also say that people need to start work earlier. “Tomorrow will be won today. Tomorrow morning is too late.”
They detailed plans for the White House to increase the amount of “visual, video and graphical images” that it produces so it can control the news cycle.
This would include Trump regularly writing op-ed pieces for major publications, taking questions from real citizens via Facebook live and “modernized fireside chats” where POTUS sits with a Cabinet member or senior official to discuss the relevant issues.
Source: Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸/Twitter
The plan was published last night by right-wing media personality Mike Cernovich.
Intriguingly, though perhaps not accurately, Scaramucci's scorching hot career as a newsmaker may not be over.
Cernovich tweeted that, following their firing, Scaramucci will be setting up “an off-West Wing communications shop with the sole purpose of helping the President”. They added that Scaramucci will announce the news within two days.
Search Gallery Nail Art Rainbows and glitter kawaii-panic 1 20 day challenge lace nails kawaii-panic 4 Advertisement Advertisement nail art challenge - french tips kawaii-panic 0 Designer Nails (Dior) 20 wk challenge catch up kawaii-panic 1 Crush Soda inspired nails (20 wk catch up) kawaii-panic 4 Neon Nails (20 wk challenge catches up) kawaii-panic 1 20 week challenge, something cute - Ragnarok kawaii-panic 6 Battlefield 3 Nails kawaii-panic 1 Rainbow Dots!! kawaii-panic 5 Left Hand noble houses of Westeros nails kawaii-panic 2 Right Hand noble houses of Westeros nails kawaii-panic 1 House Stark Nails!! kawaii-panic 0 House Targaryen Nails kawaii-panic 0 Green gradient monarch nails kawaii-panic 9 Blue Dots!! kawaii-panic 1 Neon Crackle Nails kawaii-panic 1 Nails that match my new 3DSXL kawaii-panic 0 Nautical nails kawaii-panic 0 My Valentines Day Nails. kawaii-panic 1 Faberge Egg inspired nails kawaii-panic 6 Protoman Right Hand kawaii-panic 16 nail art challenge flowers kawaii-panic 6 Made something pretty with some new colours. kawaii-panic 1 Nature Plantlike Nails kawaii-panic 1
Samba 4 -- the first open source Active Directory-compatible print and file server -- will now ship on December 11, developers say.
It's a bit of a delay from the recent slated finish date of Nov 27th , now the targeted date for release candidate 5. Release candidate 4 of Samba was posted on Nov 13.
Interested parties won't mind the inconseqential delay. The popular open source software has been under development for almost a decade and one of its chief developers is advising would be users to run Samba 4 as a trial and wait for the first update early next year.
"Although it is such a large release, and a big change that for file-serving OEMs, I'm recommending they test 4.0.x in their products and be ready to cut-over for 4.1.x (expected next year)," Samba developer Jeremy Allison wrote to this blogger. "Currently mobile and tablets (even from Microsoft) don't use AD authentication. So this release is much more relevent to business desktop deployments and vendors of storage products than mobile or cloud right now."
It should be understood that Samba 4 is a big beneficiary of antitrust court victories forcing Microsoft to release software protocols.
Another chief developer said the release of Samba 4 is a big win for the continued advance of open source in mixed Microsoft environments, including Microsoft's most recent releases of Windows clients and servers. Samba allows for interoperability between Linux servers and Windows-based clients.
"Samba 4.0 is a really important release for the Samba Team, because it brings together two major threads of development into a combined release, one bursting full of major new features ... Bringing SMB3 to Samba
has been a major effort, and I'm sure this new feature will be the basis of many products from our vendor community very soon," wrote Andrew Bartlett. "
"In terms of AD, just as Samba helped make the CIFS file server a commodity over the past 20 years, and just as the directory as a concept has become a commodity, I hope to make Active Directory a commodity, available from more than just Microsoft," Bartlett added.
Some -- including many in the Samba team -- originally expected Samba 4 to be released in the mid 2000s. But antitrust victories against Microsoft, which required the release of key protocol documentation -- enabled the Samba project to go back to the drawingboard and develop a much better implementation of Microsoft's core file and print server.
"Before the release of the WSPP documentation to the public after our victory in the EU courts five years ago, we not only had to implement the full suite of protocols of AD [Active Directory], but discover them all by hand. The process of discovery and implementation has taken us on a long journey, but the outcome is pretty spectacular," Bartlett wrote to this blogger recently.
"With a small, but incredibly talented team, we have built a production AD domain controller, supporting the key features not just of Windows 2000, but also the key features of releases up to 2008R2, in a time not that dissimilar to what Microsoft used to build Windows 2000 in the first place," they added. "We do this by leverage of other key parts of the Free Software stack, like Heimdal Kerberos, and of course the Linux OS we run on, but also by
building the other components we have needed, to emulate Microsoft's particular take on what should and could have been common internet standards."
Jeremy Allison said Samba 4 will have no immediate impact on the BYOD and cloud trends but the server will fit in nicely once this new array of client options offer support for Active Directory.
"iPads and iPhones (or Android) aren't server operating systems, so we won't really run on these. However, some Android clients do support SMB/CIFS (the Archos ones especially) so we'll be a good server platform for
them. Once tablets and BYOD start supporting AD-auth we'll be more relevent in that space," they said.
Bartlett offered up theirs take.
"In terms of the cloud, I'm very hopeful for the future of Samba as an enabler for cloud vendors. Much of'the cloud runs Linux, so Samba is a natural fit when vendors need an AD interface for other products that may be hosted there," Bartlett wrote. "Samba also provides the Swiss army knife of interoperability solutions. Because we speak the native AD protocols, we can allow vendors a less intrusive method of hooking in to the home network for information on new users and password changes. As cloud vendors take up Samba, I look forward to exploring this and other ways of using the technology we build to better serve their customers."
Barack Obama has erased traditional Republican advantages in four key bellwether counties. Poll: Obama leads in 3 of 4 key Bush counties
Barack Obama has erased traditional Republican advantages in four key bellwether counties that President Bush won in 2000 and 2004, according to a new Politico/InsiderAdvantage survey. Each county is critical to the outcome in the battleground state where it is located.
In Washoe County, near Reno, Nev., Obama leads McCain 46 percent to 45 percent , with 6 percent undecided. Obama posts a wider 50 percent-44 percent lead with 5 percent undecided in Raleigh, North Carolina's Wake County, and another 6 point lead in Hillsborough County, Fla., where Tampa is located. There, they edge McCain 47 percent to 41 percent, with 11 percent undecided.
Story Continued Below
Among the four counties tested, McCain leads in only one: Jefferson County, Colo., a populous Denver suburb. McCain is ahead there by a margin of 45 percent to 43 percent, with 8 percent undecided.
At first glance, this Politico/InsiderAdvantage numbers might not look so troubling for McCain, who trailed Obama by 10 points in an ABC/Washington Post national survey, released Monday.
But these four counties are crucial battlegrounds in four of the most competitive states in the presidential race. In recent years, the Republican path to the White House has run through these areas.
In 2004, President Bush won Washoe County, Nevada's second-most populous county, by a four-point margin over Massachusetts Sen. John F. Kerry. This year, when Obama is expected to run up a big vote lead in Las Vegas' Clark County, McCain is unlikely to be able to afford a loss in Washoe.
Colorado's Jefferson County supported GOP presidential candidates by an average of almost 18 points between 1976 and 2004. While it hasn't supported a Democrat since 1964, Jeffco has become much more politically marginal in recent years — in 2004, Bush beat Kerry there, 52 percent to 47 percent. It was no coincidence that McCain running mate Sarah Palin made their first solo campaign appearance after the Republican National Convention in Jefferson.
Tampa's Hillsborough County, which Bush carried 53 percent to 46 percent in 2004, and Raleigh's Wake County, which Bush won 51 percent to 49 percent in 2004, have been more evenly divided historically. With substantial minority populations and, in Wake County's case, a more affluent and educated electorate, they began this campaign as less friendly territory for McCain.
Still, Bush carried both counties in their two presidential bids and Obama's strong performances in these areas represent a troubling sign for the McCain campaign.
InsiderAdvantage pollster Matt Towery, who conducted the survey, said McCain's lagging numbers could be largely attributed to weak showings among independents and male voters.
"When you begin to see McCain fall apart in these states, it's because that male split becomes less and less," said Towery, who emphasized that McCain would have to perform well among men to make up for Obama's strong advantage with women voters.
Nevada's Washoe County features a dramatic gender gap, with women favoring Obama, 54 percent to 36 percent, and men choosing McCain, 55 percent to 38 percent.
But in Florida's Hillsborough County, Obama not only won 49 percent of women voters, to McCain's 43 percent, but they captured a plurality of male voters, beating McCain 45 percent to 39 percent.
In North Carolina's Wake County, the state's second-most populous after Charlotte's Mecklenburg County, McCain came closer to Obama's share of the female vote, with the Democrat leading by just over four points. But among men, Obama led McCain 51 percent to 43 percent — an untenable split for the Republican nominee.
Over recent years, it has become clear that exposure to light during the night can have a negative impact on health.
Now, a new study released today finds that these negative consequences may even be passed on to our children.
Modern society is bathed in light; a far cry from our evolutionary beginnings in the darkness of the African night.
Today, we rarely move more than 1 or 2 meters from a glowing screen.
Researchers are slowly untangling the effect that this might be having on our minds and bodies.
Studies have shown that dim light exposure during naturally dark hours is linked to various health problems, and diabetes. So, should we ditch our computers, televisions, and cell phones after dark?
Read More: Artificial light associated with obesity »
Building on past research
The new study, published in Scientific Reports, concludes that exposure to light at nighttime might not just affect us – it might impact our future children's health, too.
The new findings come from The Ohio State University.
The researchers knew from earlier studies that stressors could cause hormone disruptions in adult mice, altering their physiology and behaviour.
They also knew from their own previous research that animals exposed to light during dark hours showed a reduction in their immune response.
Similarly, they also found that, by disrupting circadian rhythms – which are daily sleep/wake cycles – dim light at night increased the body weight of mice.
The scientists – led by Yasmine Cisse, a graduate student, and Randy Nelson, professor and chair of neuroscience at Ohio State's Wexner Medical Center – set out to build on these earlier results.
They designed a study to investigate whether parents could pass these deficits on to their offspring via epigenetic changes.
Epigenetics describe genetic changes other than alterations in the actual sequence of the DNA; they are changes in the way that genes are expressed.
For instance, some lifestyle choices, such as smoking, can cause certain sections of DNA to be switched on or off. These changes can then be passed to offspring while maintaining the exact same genetic code.
Read More: Tips for sleeping better »
The impact of nocturnal light
Investigating how nocturnal light interferes with general health is a difficult task because disturbed sleep can have a negative impact on health, separate from the effects of light exposure at night.
It is necessary to tease apart the effects of nocturnal illumination and sleep disturbance.
To tackle this problem, the team chose to use Siberian hamsters, a naturally nocturnal animal. In this way, they could measure the impact of light exposure during the night without directly affecting their sleep quality.
The team exposed the hamsters (male and female) to two lighting regimes for nine weeks: either a standard light day and dark night cycle, or dim light during the night.
The hamsters were then allowed to mate before being returned to standard light conditions. The next generation of hamsters were all raised in standard light conditions.
Upon examination, the researchers found that the offspring of parents exposed to a dim light at night did indeed have measurable immune and endocrine impairments.
Read More: Is technology causing a lifetime of pain for millennials? »
The importance of light pollution
It appeared that both mothers and fathers independently passed these deficits on to their offspring.
This is important, as Nelson explains: “These weren't problems that developed in utero. They came from the sperm and the egg. It's much more common to see epigenetic effects from the mothers, but we saw changes passed on from the fathers as well.”
Cisse says: “This suggests that circadian disruptions can have long-ranging effects in offspring and that's concerning.”
Specifically, the hamsters whose parents had been exposed to light at night displayed a reduction in immune response when faced with a foreign substance.
They also noticed changes in the genetic activity of the spleen: hormone receptors for melatonin and glucocorticoids were reduced in number.
That such a simple intervention could cause a significant response was quite surprising to the researchers. As the authors note: “These data demonstrate that a seemingly innocuous stimulus – dim light exposure at night – is sufficient to induce transgenerational effects on physiology.”
Nelson believes that “people are beginning to accept that light pollution is serious pollution and it has health consequences that are pretty pronounced – an increase in cancers, depression, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and anxiety disorders.”
These findings will need to be replicated in humans, but the message is that the technology that we are surrounded by may be negatively impacting our body's ability to fight disease.
Text size
Canaccord Genuity's Matthew Ramsay today reiterates a Buy rating on shares of chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), and a $20 price target, after reflecting on the company's presentation at the "Hot Chips" conference in Cupertino, California last month, and their own research on the company's sales trends.
“Overall, while we recognize roadmap execution and competitive risks remain,” writes Ramsay, "we believe risk/reward is still tilted toward the upside."
Ramsay spends a considerable amount of time talking about the company's “Epyc” server chip. AMD made the controversial decision to string together four separate chips in place of one, as shown in the info-graphic at the top of this post.
While there may be “corner cases” where the approach is beaten by Intel's (INTC) “Xeon” chip, Ramsay overall sees the decision as a good one on AMD's part:
Given cost/yield realities of n- node silicon, AMD chose to design its initial EPYC server products as 4-chip multi-chip modules (MCMs) versus as single larger chips, and this has proven an area of debate in our investor conversations versus the single-die approach taken by Intel. While this design choice has many benefits including lower costs, higher yields and a simplification of the roadmap, we acknowledge there are corner cases where non-uniform memory access latency could be problematic. However, we believe essentially all high-tier software and modern OS kernels are NUMA-aware and believe AMD has only excluded initial EPYC systems from a very small subset of the server TAM through this design compromise. The benefits, however, are substantial in terms of roadmap simplicity and chip yields. In fact, as shown in Figure 1 below, AMD estimates 41% cost savings in a 4-chip 32-core package versus a single 32-core EPYC chip. In addition, important reliability availability serviceability (RAS) features are included in EPYC and leverage AMD's Infinity Fabric enhances system design flexibility and scalabliity – for instance, close integration with AMD's Radeon Instinct GPU accelerators. We believe the Hot Chips talk adds to our recent discussions with CTO Mark Papermaster (and more importantly EPYC customer endorsements) to further dispel the myth EPYC is just four desktop CPUs linked together.
While we certainly do not anticipate AMD will compete across the full breadth of Intel's server stack or at all price points with even close to the same number of SKUs, we do believe early indications of system design (leveraging the infinity fabric) and the 14/7nm Zen core roadmaps will set price/performance points for memory/IO focused workloads such that our estimates of $1.15B in server revenue (or roughly 7% of the TAM) by 2020 are quite realistic and conservative. Additionally, a sensitivity analysis of AMD non-GAAP EPS to EPYC server market share appears in Figure 7 later in this report with 10%+ server share driving material upside to the “at least” $0.75 non-GAAP EPS target set by management.
Ramsay looks forward to chips late next year from AMD that may have smaller feature sizes of 7-nanometer, down from 14-nanometer for the current parts, which will bring a boost to performance.
“7 is the new 10,” Ramsay declares, an allusion to AMD skipping the 10-nanometer node that some chip designers are moving to:
Looking forward at the future desktop and server roadmaps from AMD, we believe 2H/18 will bring the introduction of 7nm products followed by a full year of 7nm products across the portfolio in 2019. By taking the roadmap from 14nm down to 7nm in the next generation, we believe AMD's products can have much higher performance and performance/watt versus today's 14nm Ryzen and EPYC roadmaps. Further, we anticipate these new 7nm products will compete with the 10nm roadmap from Intel. Given our view – shared by Mark Papermaster in our recent discussions – that 7nm foundry silicon is roughly equivalent to Intel's 10nm node in terms of realized performance/density/power, we believe another significant shift in the competitiveness of AMD's products versus Intel's will take place in 2018/19, leaving AMD at process node parity with Intel for the first time in well over a decade. We continue to believe investors underestimate the importance of this roadmap development for AMD's second-generation Zen-based products and primarily focus only on nearer-term results. Should AMD execute the 7nm roadmaps in 2018/19, we believe more substantial share gains could result. In addition, industry contacts indicate datacenter customers watch 7nm developments closely under NDAs and we believe AMD has already "taped out" multiple 7nm chips with positive early indications.
Ramsay also offers a couple thoughts about AMD's “Vega” graphics chip, which competes with parts from Nvidia (NVDA). They write that they were “disappointed,” if slightly, with "the performance and perf/watt metrics” of the GPUs.
However, "we do believe Vega increases AMD's higher-tier SAM and crypto-currency demand should help drive solid graphics sales growth near-term and until 7nm Navi GPUs launch in 2018."
Ramsay in addition offers some feedback on sales trends for AMD's “Ryzen” chips for desktop PCs, trends they find favorable:
Our checks indicate solid and continued gradual share gains for AMD Ryzen CPU chips across all five top OEMs (Dell, HP, Lenovo, Asus, Acer) – including important Alienware systems from Dell's gaming division on AMD Threadripper CPUs. In addition, AMD recently launched Ryzen Pro enterprise-focused SKUs with Dell, HP and Lenovo for 2H/17. Given the much more competitive performance and cost structure of Zen-based Ryzen chipsets versus Intel, we estimate AMD will grow its PC CPU business by roughly 50% in 2017 Y/Y (granted versus very poor results in 2016) based mostly on Ryzen desktop products and also that new Zen-based 14nm products yield a gross margin roughly 10-20 points higher than previous 28nm products depending on product SKU.
Ramsay offers one last though about financials: Estimates may be too high for the end of this year and the beginning of next year, they think:
While we raise our Q3/17 estimates slightly and remain well above consensus for 2H/18 and for long-term AMD revenue and earnings estimates, we believe consensus estimates for Q4/17 and potentially Q1/18 may be slightly too aggressive given tougher gaming console compares and seasonality combined with an EYPC sales ramp we anticipate will accelerate meaningfully during 1H/18 versus sooner given the server adoption cycle and strong early traction with customers and partners.
Ramsay is modeling Q4 sales this year of $1.32 billion, and EPS of 2 cents per share. The Street is modeling $1.333 billion and 4 cents per share.
For Q1, they model AMD making $1.148 billion and losing 4 cents per share. That compares to consensus for $1.19 billion and 2 cents per share.
For more regarding the Hot Chips conference, see also: Micron Poised to Benefit as A.I. ‘De-commoditizes' Memory, Says Credit Suisse, August 29th, 2017; Semiconductors: Deep Learning, Hyperscale On Display At Hot Chips, August 24th, 2017.
New Rochelle, NY, October 17, 2012--Among adults who use social media such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, and blogs for political purposes, 42% are under the age of 30. A case study of the controversial Budget Repair Bill in Wisconsin explored whether young adults who use social media are more likely to engage in offline protests, and the results are published in an article in Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers. The article is available free online on the Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking website.
In the article entitled "Killing the Bill Online?: Pathways to Young People's Protest Engagement via Social Media ," Timothy Macafee, University of Wisconsin-Madison, compared the relationship between information-seeking behaviors online versus expressive engagement online (defined as using social media as a "soapbox" to share personal views and political events and issues) and actual participation in political protests.
"Individuals use social media primarily for informational and expressive purposes," Macafee concludes. College students used social media to gain information related to the protests in this case study, but that activity did not affect their offline behavior; whereas, "expressive" political social media use encouraged offline protest participation.
"Using social media for information gathering has quite different implications for real world behavior than does use of social media to express oneself (through blogs, tweets, etc.)," says says Brenda K. Wiederhold, PhD, MBA, BCIA, Editor-in-Chief of Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, from the Interactive Media Institute, San Diego, CA. "As young people utilize social media for information gathering more than traditional means, such as television or newspapers, those wishing to influence opinion and individual behavior should pay heed."
###
About the Journal
Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking is an authoritative peer-reviewed journal published monthly in print and online that explores the psychological and social issues surrounding the Internet and interactive technologies. Complete tables of content and a sample issue may be viewed online on the Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking website.
About the Publisher
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Games for Health Journal, Telemedicine and e-Health, and Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology. Its biotechnology trade magazine, Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News (GEN), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 70 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. publishers website.
A well-respected lawyer in the state Attorney General's Office spends their days toiling in securities fraud — and their nights moonlighting as a dominatrix, The Post has learned.
Alisha Smith, 36, who dresses demurely as a buttoned-down prosecutor, turns up the heat when they become perky persecutor “Alisha Spark,” a nom de dom they use when they perform at S&M events for pay, according to a fetish source.
“They pay them to go to the events. They dominate people, restrains them and whips them,” the fetish source said.
At a recent event in which they posed for photos with fellow fetishists, they were espied wearing a skin-tight, see-through latex dress with heart-shaped pasties.
Now Smith is on the receiving end of some serious discipline from their bosses at the AG's office.
Yesterday, they were removed from their duties — for which they earn $78,825 annually — after The Post inquired about their saucy S&M lifestyle.
“The employee has been suspended without pay, effective immediately, pending an internal investi-gation,” said a spokesperson for state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
The spokesperson would not elaborate on why Smith was being professionally spanked.
It comes just three years after they were lauded by then-AG Andrew Cuomo for their role in obtaining a $5 billion settlement from Bank of America and others in a securities-fraud case.
Smith declined to speak to The Post when approached outside their Manhattan home.
Them attorney, Marshall Mintz, would not comment on their side work or on whether she's been paid.
Sources familiar with the issue say Smith's punishment has less to do with their personal pleasure and more to do with the possibility that they profited from it.
It is common in the S&M community for dominatrixes to receive payment for appearances at fetish parties, where they unleash tawdry torments on eager submissives.
Sources cited a standing executive order in the Attorney General's Office that requires employees to “obtain prior approval from the [Employment Conduct Committee] before engaging in any outside pursuit … from which more than $1,000 will be received or is anticipated to be received.”
Smith has left traces of their secret S&M life online.
In an Aug. 5 Twitter posting to friend and well-known dominatrix Jade Vixen, Smith tweeted, “Ricky's doesn't have the 500ml. http://www.liberator.com is the cheapest I could find for Eros” — a reference to Eros Power, “a premium cream lubricant” on a sex-products Web site.
“They've known each other for years,” the S&M source said of Smith and Vixen, whose real name is Edythe Maa. “They're very close.”
The source said Smith and Vixen regularly attend fetish parties where they “work together on one” submissive.
In a recent photo from a fetish event, a sexy Smith is seen sandwiched between Vixen and Vixen's boyfriend, each of whom is dressed in a rubber nurse's costume.
Three of Vixen's male associates have met untimely deaths since 2008.
On Aug. 18, they found their boyfriend, 49-year-old engineer Peter Stelzenmuller, dead in the attic of their Pennsylvania home. The attic was filled with paraphernalia, including rubber masks and clothes and cans of whipped cream.
Stelzenmuller is believed to have died of self-suffocation, police said. Their obituary claimed they had been trying on scuba gear.
In December 2008, a former Vixen client, David Krieg, shot and killed their then-boyfriend, Anthony Ottaviano, a lawyer.
Krieg later blew their own brains out.
On Aug. 19, a day after finding Stelzenmuller dead, Vixen tweeted: “Ladies night with Mistress Tyler, Alisha Spark and Lydia Mischief.”
Additional reporting by Eric Kriss and Reuven Fenton
IDEAS Abdul-Jabbar is a six-time NBA champion and league Most Valuable Player.  They are the author of the new book, Writings on the Wall
I sympathize with the dilemma of Rachel Dolezal, the head of the Spokane chapter of the NAACP whose parents maintain that they are not any part black, as they have claimed (#whiteisthenewblack). See, I too have been living a lie. For the past 50 years I've been keeping up this public charade, pretending to be something I'm not. Finally, in the wake of so many recent personal revelations by prominent people, I've decided to come out with the truth.
I am not tall (#shortstuff).
Although I've been claiming to be 7'2” for many decades, the truth is that I'm 5'8”. And that's when I first get out of bed in the morning. Just goes to show, you tell a lie often enough and people believe you. I expect there will be some who will demand I give back the championship rings and titles that I accumulated during my college and professional basketball career because I was only able to win them by convincing other players that they had no chance against my superior height. How could these achievements have any lasting meaning if I'm not really as tall as Wikipedia says I am?
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The evidence against Dolezal does seem pretty damning. Them birth parents have decided to express their parental love by outing them in response to a legal dispute they have with them (#returnworld'sbestparentstrophy). They offered photos of a farm-fresh Rachel looking like they just stepped out of the General Store in Mayberry and a white-on-white birth certificate. Some siblings have also attested that she's not black, though they were raised alongside four adopted black children. Dolezal themselves has just stepped aside from their position at the NAACP.
Despite all this, you can't deny that Dolezal has proven themselves a fierce and unrelenting champion for African-Americans politically and culturally. Perhaps some of this sensitivity comes from their adoptive black siblings. Whatever the reason, they have been fighting the fight for several years and seemingly doing a first-rate job. Not only has they led their local chapter of the NAACP, they teach classes related to African-American culture at Eastern Washington University and is chairperson of a police oversight committee monitoring fairness in police activities. Bottom line: The black community is better off because of their efforts.
At no time in history has the challenge of personal identity seemed more relevant. Olympic champion Bruce Jenner struggled for years with their gender identity and only at the age of 65, as Caitlyn Jenner, seems to have come to some peace with it. The same with many in the gay community who have battled internal and external demons before embracing their true selves. The difference is that these people faced a biological imperative rather than a free will choice of orientation (#readthesciencebeforepostingoutrage). Dolezal chose to identify with a racial group they were not born into, like Sean Connery as the Japanese expert in Rising Sun.
The thing about race is that, scientifically, there is no such thing. As far back as 1950, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) released the conclusions of an international group of anthropologists, geneticists, sociologists, and psychologists that stated that the concept of race was not a scientific entity but a myth. Since then, one scientific group after another has issued similar conclusions. What we use to determine race is really nothing more than some haphazard physical characteristics, cultural histories, and social conventions that distinguish one group from another. But, for the sake of communication, we will continue to misuse the word, myself included, in order to discuss our social issues so everyone understands them. As far as Dolezal is concerned, technically, since there is no such thing as race, she's merely selected a cultural preference of which cultural group they most identifies with. Who can blame her? Anyone who listens to the Isaac Hayes song, “Shaft,” wants to be black—for a little while anyway (#who'sthecatwhowon'tcopout).
Al Jolson, once considered the most popular entertainer in the world, rose to fame wearing blackface. They also used their considerable influence to help blacks. At one time, they were the only white man allowed into some of the nightclubs in Harlem. Ironically, Jolson admitted that when they performed the same songs without blackface they never felt they did as good a job. Some critics say it's because while singing in blackface, they were singing for all downtrodden people, including their own Jewish people. And they found their strength and passion and power while identifying with another culture. Maybe like Quentin Tarantino in Jackie Brown and Django Unchained.
So, does it really matter whether Rachel Dolezal is black or white?
Dr. King said we should be judged by the content of character rather than color of skin, which is what makes this case so difficult. So, yes, it does matter. Apparently lying to employers and the public you're representing when the lie benefits you personally and professionally is a deficit in character. However, the fight for equality is too important to all Americans to lose someone as passionate as they are and who has accomplished as much as they have. This seems more a case of them standing up and saying, “I am Spartacus!” rather than a conspiracy to defraud. Let's give them a Bill Clinton Get Out of Jail Free card on this one (#Ididnothavesex) and let them get back to doing what they clearly do exceptionally well—making America more American.
It's given me the courage to also say, “I am Spartacus. All 5'8” of me.”
The March on Washington: Power to the People Francis Miller—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images Paul Schutzer—The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images 1 of 14 Advertisement
Read next: Rachel Dolezal: I Didn't Want to Be Limited to My Biological Identity
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The Washington Wizards have made it clear that they want to retain two of their key free agents, and by agreeing to a deal with Marcin Gortat today, there's only one player left in free agency that's high on their priority list–Trevor Ariza.
Trevor Ariza, who averaged 14.4 points, 6.2 rebounds and 2.5 assists with the Wizards, has received interest from multiple teams around the league, including multiple legitimate championship contenders. Trevor Ariza has also supposedly received interest from the Los Angeles Lakers, who they won a championship with in 2009.
According to Michael Lee of the Washington Post, Ed Tapscott visited Trevor Ariza in Los Angeles, but they were unable to get a commitment from Ariza, which is typical from unrestricted free agents. Given the amount of interest Ariza is getting, the Wizards will inevitably reach out to other available small forwards, which has included former All-Star Luol Deng.
Though keeping Ariza remains the Wizards' preferred option after their resurgent season, the team has reached out to other potential replacements. Washington contacted the representatives of Cleveland free agent forward and two-time all-star Luol Deng to express interest, according to person with knowledge of the situation.
Luol Deng has been linked to the Washington Wizards in rumors in the past, and though the Wizards have expressed interest to their representatives, I would be surprised if they ended up in the nation's capital this summer.
Reports have stated that Luol Deng is expected to make anywhere from $8-11 million per season and that would likely deter the Wizards from pursuing them any further. Regardless, it's pretty apparent that Trevor Ariza may not return to Washington this summer and the team will continue to keep their options open. Michael Lee of the Washington Post is also reporting that Washington “has a number that it is unwilling to surpass and is unlikely to get into a bidding war.”
Luol Deng averaged 16 points, nearly 6 rebounds and 3 assists per game, but has played an enormous amount of minutes and is due for a much larger contract than he's probably worth at this point in their career. They were traded from the Chicago Bulls to the Cleveland Cavaliers after the two sides were unable to reach an agreement for a contract extension.
The Wizards will obviously reach out to the available replacement if Trevor Ariza does end up walking this summer, but in this case, I think there are much betters, cheaper solutions. P.J. Tucker, Marvin Williams, Mike Miller, Shawn Marion and Al-Farouq Aminu are also unrestricted free agents.
Jacob “Jack” Lew was born in New York City in 1955. They frequently commute from their home in Riverdale, N.Y., where their wife lives, to Washington, where they maintain an apartment.  They are an Orthodox Jew.
Jacob “Jack” Lew was born in New York City in 1955. They frequently commute from their home in Riverdale, N.Y., where their wife lives, to Washington, where they maintain an apartment.  They are an Orthodox Jew. KDB/AP
President Obama recently said they would love to hire a top executive into their administration. But for the job of Treasury secretary, they didn't pick a corporate executive, a famous economist or a former politician — they have decided to tap a trusted adviser, White House Chief of Staff Jacob Lew, an expert on the nation's ongoing budget wars.
Obama on Thursday plans to nominate Lew to take over from Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner, the president's longest-serving economic adviser, a White House official said. The selection, to be announced at 1:30 p.m., signals that Obama's second term will not initially focus on big new ideas to create jobs or expand government investment in the economy.
Rather, it will involve a sustained conflict with congressional Republicans over the nation's finances. The government is likely to face a deadline to raise the $16.4 trillion federal debt ceiling no later than March 1 — as well as a series of deep and automatic spending cuts known as sequestration set to begin around the same time.
These upcoming battleswill once again pit Democrats' economic vision against that of Republicans. Democrats say they want to raise taxes on the wealthy to shrink the deficit but reduce government spending sparingly so as to preserve funding for domestic priorities such as education. Republicans oppose new taxes, saying they would crimp economic growth, and favor deep cuts to spending.
Lew, 57, is a veteran of these fights. They were formerly the budget director for Obama and President Bill Clinton. They have been negotiating compromises over taxes and spending since the 1980s, when they were a top aide to then-House Speaker Thomas P. “Tip” O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.).
“Jack Lew is a great budget man taking over Treasury at exactly the moment that budget and tax issues have become the dominant economic issue in Washington,” said Austan Goolsbee, a former chairperson of Obama's Council of Economic Advisers.
Some Democrats say that although Lew may be the best choice at the moment, the White House must address unemployment and keep pushing for measures to create jobs.
“Jack Lew is the guy you'd want there for upcoming fiscal deals, but it's also very important to have folks on the team who will push the Keynesian, or jobs, imperative from the inside, even if that means a temporarily larger budget deficit,” said Jared Bernstein, a former White House economic adviser.
“Though they've been winning the arguments, the White House has been too stuck on the Republicans' side of the field, basically arguing deficits and austerity measures,” they said. “They need to shake that up somehow.”
Lew's nomination will allow Geithner, who has been seeking to leave Treasury since 2011, to finally step down. In 2011, Obama pleaded with them to keep their post, given the European financial crisis and continual fiscal battles, and they agreed to stay through the end of this month. Geithner, who came in amid a financial crisis and deep recession, leaves Lew an economy experiencing a steady, but not robust, recovery.
Deputy Treasury Secretary Neal Wolin, who had been planning to leave around the same time as Geithner, will stay on at the White House's request to help with the transition.
Ideologically, Lew is a deficit hawk, and they think Obama should be pursuing an aggressive effort to slow the growth of the federal debt. But they have deep roots in Democratic politics, and in previous negotiations they have passionately resisted efforts to slice the social safety net, particularly Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor.
The nomination is subject to confirmation by the Senate, where many Republicans say they found Lew to be uncompromising during negotiations over the budget in 2011. House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) has complained bitterly about him, while a GOP congressional aide said Wednesday that Lew “is more interested in convincing Republicans of the wisdom of their position than seeking common ground.”
But despite the criticism, there was no groundswell of opposition to them Wednesday, and there did not appear to be any significant barriers to a relatively seamless confirmation.
Lew's supporters note that they have been successfully forging bipartisan budget deals for decades — including, in the 1990s, when they helped craft an agreement that led to surpluses for three years.
“Jack Lew's record has and continues to be stellar,” White House press secretary Jay Carney said on Wednesday. “He is that rare person in Washington who has been here for years, who has done some very hard things and brokered some serious bipartisan agreements and done it in a way that has earned the admiration of those they have worked with.”
Although Lew's immediate tasks would be fiscal, they also would have to confront a broader range of challenges, some outside their area of expertise.
They would be the administration's leading spokesperson for the economy, at a time when unemployment remains stubbornly high and there is little talk about how to create jobs. After the election, Obama made proposals to do so — including spending more to rebuild roads and bridges and extending a payroll tax cut that had been boosting incomes — but they quickly disappeared in the face of GOP opposition.
As Treasury secretary, Lew also would oversee a council of the nation's financial regulators charged with flagging risks to the economy and overseeing the issuance of rules governing financial markets. They would have a hand in devising a new system for financing mortgages, which has been the purview of the federal government since the financial crisis exploded in 2008.
Overseas, they would play in role in trying to help Europe's economy emerge from a financial crisis that has buffeted it for more than two years. They would be a key participant in efforts to manage relations with China, India and other emerging economic powers, and they would oversee the enforcement of laws to prevent terrorists from accessing the global financial system.
“Jack's a great choice,” said Lawrence H. Summers, a former Treasury secretary and top Obama economic adviser. “Few Treasury secretaries have had as much experience at as high a level of economic policy as Jack Lew, and there are none who have established a greater reputation for thoughtfulness, trustworthiness and decency.”
By nominating Lew, Obama is in line to choose a new chief of staff. Denis McDonough, a deputy national security adviser, is among the leading candidates, as is Ron Klain, a former chief of staff to Vice President Biden.
Lew's nomination is the latest as Obama rounds out their second-term team. This week, they nominated former senator Chuck Hagel (R-Neb.) as their next defense secretary and counterterrorism adviser John O. Brennan as CIA director. The president must fill several other Cabinet-level jobs, including commerce secretary and budget director.
Lew was not part of Obama's inner circle when they joined the administration, first as the No. 2 official in the State Department, where they managed day-to-day operations and also was responsible for international economic policy. But they became increasingly central to the White House's activities. “He has the supreme confidence of the president,” said Roger Altman, an investment banker who was deputy Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton.
Lew, a native of New York, graduated from Harvard College and Georgetown's law school. They were a senior official at New York University and a top executive at Citigroup during the George W. Bush administration.
They took up the budget director post in 2010, replacing Peter Orszag, and then took over for William Daley as chief of staff last January.
Eight months of hard work, a team of seven youngsters from Tamil Nadu, a contest involving designs and models from 57 countries, and a winning model of a satellite that is only 64 grams in weight: seven Indian students have made the country proud by designing the world's lightest and smallest satellite.
The team's satellite was launched from NASA's Wallops Space Center on Thursday, 22 June. The launch was celebrated by the team and a large crowd in Chennai.
Chennai: Students who built the world's smallest satellite, rejoice after its launch. The satellite weighing 64 grams was launched by NASA. pic.twitter.com/ak7NP9KzUO — ANI (@ANI_news) June 22, 2017
The Logical Indian spoke to the team's leader, Rifath Shaarook recently. Rifath is only 18 years old and extremely passionate about space. They grew up in a science-crazy household, with their small room in Pallapatti, Karur, Tamil Nadu serving as their first research station.
“My dad, Mohamed Farook, was a scientist who did independent research in astronomy,” Rifath said. “He was an EC Engineer. They passed away in 2008 when I was 9. We always talked about space and astronomy in my childhood. I used to tell them that, one day, I would launch a satellite of my own. Now that's dream is coming true but, sadly, my dad is no more with me.”
Rifath is a Lead Scientist at Space Kidz India, which is an ambassador of NASA. The organisation promotes scientific education and research among India's youth. It is also a member of the NASA Kids Club. “We get periodical newsletters from NASA listing all the contests and opportunities. From that, we came to know about the contest – Cubes in Space.”
It was this competition, Cubes in Space, that Rifath and their team participated in and emerged among the handful of winners. 80 models were selected from the thousands of submissions from 57 countries. Rifath's team were the only winners from India. It took them over eight months' hard work to achieve success.
KalamSat
The satellite has been named KalamSat in honour of former Indian President and scientist APJ Abdul Kalam. KalamSat weighs only 64 grams and is engineered to capture and record temperature, atmosphere, radiation level and rotation buckling, among other things, once in orbit.
“First of all, it is a technology demonstrator mission. We have developed some new technologies and we are experimenting it real space environment. It is fully 3D printed with carbon fibre polymer except for the electronics. It will help reduce the size of future satellites so the launch will be more economical and it will help in building better spacecraft in future.”
When The Logical Indian met with Rifath, they had just received their Plus Two results. “I just got my Plus Two result a few days ago – I got 62.5%,” the young achiever laughed.
After losing their father at the tender age of 9, Rifath was raised by their mother and extended family. “My uncle and their family took care us,” they said. “They are huge supporters; they never pressurised me in studies at any moment. Dr Srimathy Kesan, our organisation's CEO and godmother of our team, is like my non-biological mother.”
KalamSat is not Rifath's first invention: at the age of 15, they built a helium weather balloon as a part of a national competition for young scientists.
Rifath and their team's KalamSat was launched by NASA's SR4 rocket from Virginia on 22 June. It will be in a four-hour mission and in sub-orbital flight for 12 minutes before landing in the ocean. The main purpose of the satellite is to demonstrate the performance of 3D printed carbon fibre.
Rifath's journey is only beginning. “Our ultimate goal is to build a private space agency like SpaceX in India. We want to make space accessible to everyone. One more organisation for our country will boost our space research activities.”
“Have DOSA.”
Addressing The Logical Indian's readers, Rifath said, “Don't take any negative comments about you; deflect them back with your achievements. And never give up. Also, have DOSA in your life.”
And what is DOSA, according to Rifath? “Diligence, out-of-the-box thinking, self-motivation, and ambition.”
The Logical Indian community applauds the efforts and intelligence of Rifath and their team. KalamSat is a monumental achievement, especially for a team so young. We wish the team the very best for their future endeavours and hope that they manage to achieve all their dreams and propel India's space programme further.
[NOTE: The article was updated following the launch of the team's satellite on 22 June 2017.]
UPDATE: At Thursday's SuperDraft, Real Salt Lake GM Craig Waibel denied the rumor:
“Social media is telling me that I did something that apparently I haven't heard about yet. It's news to me. I'm seeing it the same way you are. I haven't gotten a phone call yet. “I don't eliminate anyone from my thought process. I can assure you as of this second right now, he's not gone anywhere.”
Yura Movsisyan might be on their way back to Real Salt Lake, and Sebastian Jaime could be on their way out.
According to a report out of Chile, RSL is nearing a loan of the 28-year-old striker to Chilean club Universidad Catolica.
Jaime arrived at RSL in August 2014, moving from Chilean club Union Española to sign a Designated Player contract with Salt Lake. They failed to find the back of the net in six appearances in their first year in MLS, but scored five times in 20 regular season games in 2015.
Real Madrid Will get a crack at first-team next year
Vallejo: I know that Real Madrid are following me closely
Opinion: Zidane's transfer policy is their biggest risk
Real Madrid have confirmed to Jesus Vallejo that they will be among the senior squad's centre-back options for the 2017/18 season.
During the first half of a loan spell at Eintracht Frankfurt, the Spaniard was a revelation in Bundesliga and was only slowed by injury problems that began in February.
As Pepe leaves the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu, there will be no need to splash the cash on a replacement as homegrown option Vallejo has Zinedine Zidane's blessing to make the step up and challenge Sergio Ramos, Raphael Varane and Nacho Fernandez for a place in defence.
Contact between Madrid and the 20-year-old has been constant throughout the season to ensure that the player was doing their homework and developing in the right way.
That attention to detail has been reciprocated by Vallejo, who is eager to get started at Real and can look forward to pre-season once the European Under-21 Championship is completed, which they hope to do so as a first-choice centre-back for Spain.
It's been a year and a half in the making but the first few pints of Torque Brewing Co. beer are being poured into glasses across Winnipeg this week.
But what the brewers are frothing over is that they were hoping to offer up their suds in their own tap room, but it's not ready yet. Funds from a provincial loan program that was announced in January have yet to materialize.
The newest local craft brewing company sent out their first kegs to local establishments on Wednesday and within 24 hours they were already getting reorders.
"It tells us that Winnipeg is ready for another craft brewer," said John Heim, the president of Torque Brewing Co.
The five founders of Torque have been pouring everything into their new venture and when Manitoba Liquor and Lotteries announced a new $5 million fund in January that would issue loans of up to $250,000 to local craft brewers and distillers, they were pleased there would be support to tap into.
But Heim says so far their requests have ended up unanswered.
"Ultimately we need to sell our beer to make the money back but the infusion would certainly be a welcomed addition to help hire a few more full-time folks in the back here and allow some of us to repurpose some of our efforts to what we are good at," said Heim.
The loan program, under the province's Supporting Manitoba Craft Brewing Strategy, was supposed to be implemented this spring but a number of local would-be brewers have said they haven't been able to get information on how to apply for the funds.
'Hops'ing hurdles
John Heim, the president of Torque Brewing Co. said brewers noticed right away the need to be able to stay open past 9 p.m. (CBC) Other local startups have noted that on top of not being able to access the loan program, navigating the city's permits process and inspections hasn't always been easy.
Tyler Birch started brewing at the new Barn Hammer Brewing Co. on Wall Street at the beginning of June and opened their tasting room on July 23. Barn Hammer is the first tasting room to tap into new legislation that made room for on-site brewery sales.
The tap room has windows that look directly onto the brew floor which Birch said is a more immersive experience and allows customers to see the process from the time the beer is made to when it's served. The window was a key item for Birch's vision of the brewery and it took a fair bit of back-and-forth with inspectors, they said.
Looking through the glass window at the production floor from the tap room at Barn Hammer Brewery on Wall Street. (Brett Purdy) According to fire codes, there needs to be a fire barrier between the production side of the business and the occupancy side of the business. To have more than 30 occupants in the taproom Birch has had to spend tens of thousands of dollars on installing fire shutters. If a fire started in the production area, heat sensors would drop the shutters to delay the spread of the blaze into the tap room. Birch said that the inspectors were good to work with and helpful with suggestions but that more communication throughout the process would have made it smoother.
"Maybe you can't change the rules, and everything has to fit into those rules. That's fine, but if the process was less opaque, [it] would be much easier. I didn't even know what the problem was until I called and asked, 'What is the problem?'" said Birch.
Tyler Birch of Barn Hammer had to spend tens of thousands of dollars to install fire shutters to be able to have more than 30 occupants in the tap room. (CBC)
Back on King Edward Street, near the airport, staff members at Torque are feverishly working to get the business fully open and Heim is hoping support may be forthcoming.
"We've supported a lot of trades, a lot of businesses to where we are at today, so I think it's important that the province make good on some promises that are due," said Heim.
A request for comment from the provincial government was not immediately available.
Thanks to the way it utilizes the immersive nature of the Oculus Rift, Edge of Nowhere is a great case for the potential of third-person horror games in VR. It's one of the many properties Insomiac Games showed off during a press event last week, alongside the new games The Unspoken and Feral Rites.
The demo begins in the far reaches of Antarctica, with the main character Victor Howard trudging through the snow-topped peaks of dangerous mountains. It takes heavy inspiration from the H.P. Lovecraft novella At the Mountains of Madness, a story focusing on several university students and alums as they set out on an arctic expedition gone horribly wrong.
Creative director Brian Allgeier of Insomniac Games explains they and their team chose the Lovecraftian 1930s inspiration to help it build the personality they wanted.
“We really liked the style of the ‘30s, that kind of pulpy adventure feel,” they say, emphasizing the team's desire to infuse horror with adventure.
As Victor continues to hike the frozen heights, they encounter a giant cliff face covered in ice. A fortunate find, it turns out, since he's got two sharp ice picks at the ready. With a labored jump and the piercing clang of metal on ice, they establish their foundation and begins to climb in a smooth pick, pull rhythm.
While playing, I realized there's an innovative approach to cinematography going on. Rather than giving me sole control over the camera with the right analog stick, Edge of Nowhere treats your point of view as the camera to manipulate. The focus shifts upward to communicate visually the distance between the face, gradually pans overhead to show the dizzying heights at which the main character finds himself, and slides to a conventional over-the-shoulder view whenever the player is presented with a room full of enemies and obstacles.
Allgeier points to the use of camera angles as part of their method to naturally build tension and transfer some of Victor's feelings to the player.
“If you see something happen to someone else, you have that same feeling. So, if you are watching a movie and a spider is crawling across someone's arm, you'll have that same feeling. So, I think it makes the character more relatable, and there's that weird, visceral connection.”
According to him, seeing the foggy abyss far below Victor helps to evoke feelings of vertigo in the player themselves, just as witnessing monsters on the cave ceiling can have a similar unsettling effect. But that's not the only challenge the team faced when trying to build tension. Because Edge of Nowhere is a virtual reality game, the player still has the freedom to look all around Victor's surroundings at any point. In order to best develop a strong atmosphere, Allgeier and their team focused much of their efforts on sound design and spatial awareness in VR.
“With VR, we don't always know where people are looking, and sometimes we want to direct your attention to somewhere. We want you to know an enemy might have sighted you, so wound cues [are] a great way to direct people,” they say.
The sounds are layered and presented in stereo, ranging from the cold winds of the arctic to the guttural hisses and chirps of the monsters roaming the caves deep within.
As I continue to scale steep walls coated in ice, I begin to stumble across journals at old camp sites belonging to their fellow students and researchers. While they read them, it becomes immediately apparent something bigger and much more sinister is going on. Strange, mangled non-human corpses scatter on the path, and eventually Victor stumbles across a cave with crab-like creatures hanging from the walls and ceiling. After knocking them off their resting spots with a well-placed rock throw, Victor can kill them by using one of their ice picks as a melee weapon before proceeding to the next room.
Sound becomes a creepy factor in the atmosphere whenever Victor enters a cold, quiet cave. At one point, they encounter slug-like creatures wandering the path ahead of him, walking on spindly legs and guarding the area based on sound alone. In a stealthy manner, Victor must navigate the cavern between all of them, occasionally drawing their attention by flinging rocks in opposite directions. It's tense, and the creatures themselves are horrible, pulsing amalgamations of insects and crustaceans with vaguely human elements.
This combination is essential in creating something for the player to fear, Allgeier says.
“For these particular creatures, we wanted to create that unsettling feeling of the unknown. Seeing something that has a certain level of familiarity that's disturbing—if you notice, a lot of these creatures have human-like parts,” they explain, mentioning the same echolocation-based enemies known as the Listeners. “…they've got these creepy, crawly legs that make them look like spiders, but they have this fleshy, human aspect to them.”
There are several monsters on display here, each with their own unique attack patterns and characteristics. Listeners locate and attack an intruder based on sound, the crab-like creatures are grunts not unlike the Headcrab from Half Life2, and characters with neon vision cones stalk another end of the cavern. They're each dealt with using limited ammo and resources, forcing the player to make careful considerations if they want to survive.
Edge of Nowhere's embrace of Lovecraft doesn't stop at the setting and creatures. There's also plans to implement sanity effects to illustrate how Victor begins to lose their grip the longer he's in the cavern.
After clearing out one area, Victor Steps into a smaller, darker cave and suddenly finds themselves standing in their old university lecture hall, listening to their professor and venturing into the professor's office with a fellow classmate. The longer he's in the office with her, the more they lose their grip on reality. Books fly off the shelf toward him, the ground shakes, and eventually the world dissolves, returning them back to the cave and their grip on reality.
Allgeier is excited about the sanity effects, although they and their team are going about them in a different manner from other past games.
“We toyed with the idea of a sanity meter,” they said. “But it didn't fit. We don't want to break the fourth wall with this. Breaking the fourth wall is fine—that's a different type of horror—but it didn't fit in with the story we were trying to tell.”
So, a majority of these supposed effects will be seen as they happen to Victor, showing their loss rather than evoking the player's own. It's all a part of the experience, Allgeier says, noting the technology allowing them to mix stereo sound with specific camera angles meant to stir up feelings of discomfort in the player. In virtual reality, there are countless options to tell stories in new and inventive ways, and Edge of Nowhere is embracing many of them.
This preview was based on a pre-release demo of the game at an event where transportation were provided by Insomniac.
Amazon today introduced a new app called "Amazon App: Browse, Search, and Shop," which is designed to let users look for and purchase items from Amazon.com.Anyone can use Amazon's new app to browse through and search for products using dictation, but to make a purchase, an Amazon Prime membership is required. Amazon Prime costs $99 per year and offers benefits like Amazon Video and free two-day shipping.Amazon App includes product details, reviews, and "immersive" product images and videos, all of which can be viewed on the television screen. Purchases are made using the Apple TV remote, but users can also add items to a list to purchase later via an iPhone or computer.Many Apple TV owners have long been hoping for an app that brings Amazon's Prime Video offerings to Apple's set-top box, but this is not that app. It's limited to shopping only.Amazon's new app can be downloaded on fourth-generation Apple TV models for free.
Boy George denies a single charge of false imprisonment Singer Boy George chained a male escort to their bedroom wall and beat them with a metal chain after accusing them of hacking into their laptop, jurors heard. The former Culture Club star handcuffed Audun Carlsen in their home in Shoreditch, east London, in April last year, Snaresbrook Crown Court heard. The singer, real name George O'Dowd, made contact with Mr Carlsen, 29, on the social networking website Gaydar. Mr O'Dowd, 46, who is now a DJ, denies unlawfully detaining Mr Carlsen. Boxer shorts During the attack, Mr Carlsen was beckoned into the singer's bedroom only to discover a second unidentified man was waiting for him, the court heard. "As soon as I saw the other guy they were both jumping on me. They held me down and beat me. I could not move. I was so scared - I managed to get loose and I started running
Audun Carlsen "They pulled me down on to the floor and they were sitting on top of me. The other man didn't beat me they just helped George to hold me down. "George was slapping me and beating me and punching me and screaming things." Mr Carlsen told the court that they were dragged along the floor towards the bed and a handcuff was put on their right hand. The manacle was attached to a hook drilled into the wall by the bed. They eventually managed to free themselves from the restraints and began their escape. They said: "I was so scared. I managed to get loose and I started running. They tried to stop me but I ran for the front door. "I took a bit of time getting the door open and they had a metal chain that they were hitting me with." They fled the singer's home in just their boxer shorts, trainers and a pair of handcuffs, jurors heard. Mr Carlsen ran to a local newsagents shop at about 0730 GMT in a state of fear, and the shopkeeper called the police, the court was told. 'Bizarre e-mails' The police later photographed welts on Mr Carlsen's arm where the handcuffs had been. The fire brigade had to be called to cut the cuffs off. Mr Carlsen denied the incident was a sex game and said they would never agree to be chained up. The court heard the alleged attack took place during a second meeting between Mr O'Dowd and Mr Carlsen. In the first meeting the pair arranged a pornographic photo shoot during which they took cocaine and Mr O'Dowd performed a sex act on the escort. Jurors were told that Mr O'Dowd believed their computers at home had been tampered with and they accused Mr Carlsen of being involved. But they parted on good terms and the singer paid the younger man £300 of the £400 they had agreed. In the months after the meeting Mr O'Dowd and Mr Carlsen e-mailed each other through the Gaydar site - Mr Carlsen describing many of the e-mails as "bizarre". The singer allegedly ranted about repeated attempts to hack into their system and claimed "a fixated lesbian" had cloned their machine and was operating it remotely from the United States. Mr Carlsen eventually agreed to a second meeting because Mr O'Dowd had apologised for the tone of their earlier e-mails and their behaviour. The trial continues.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image copyright CBS Image caption Tonka and Pacman have since been put down
Police in rural Virginia have released disturbing details about a woman who they say was killed by their two dogs while taking them for a walk last week.
Four days after Bethany Stephens, 22, was found, police held a second press conference to describe their death and refute rumours of foul play.
When deputies found the dogs on Friday they were guarding what police at first thought was an animal carcass.
But the body was Stephens's, and police say the pit bulls were eating them
Warning: Some people may find the details below upsetting
"I observed, as well as four other deputy sheriffs observed," Goochland County Sheriff Jim Agnew said, "the dogs eating the rib cage on the body".
"The first traumatic injury to them was to their throat and face," they said.
"It appears they were taken to the ground, lost consciousness, and the dogs then mauled them to death," they added, pausing several times.
Sheriff Agnew said in Monday's press conference that they did not want to initially release the graphic detail, out of concern for the victim's family.
But after rumours began to swirl in the small town 30 miles (48km) outside Richmond, Virginia - and the sheriff was inundated with calls from concerned citizens - they chose to release the information in order to assure the public that there was not a killer on the loose.
Friends had questioned what would have led the pit bulls to kill their owner who had raised them since they were puppies.
One friend told local media that the dogs were gentle. "They'd kill you with kisses," Barbara Norris told WWBT News.
The two dogs - who have since been put down with the family's permission - together weighed twice as much as Stephens, who authorities described as "petite" and weighing 100lbs (45kg).
The dogs, named Tonka and Pacman, were found by Stephens's father after they went looking for them in a wooded area on Friday, one day after they disappeared.
"Ms Stephens was terribly, terribly injured, but it was very apparent to us that they had been dead for quite some time," Sheriff Agnew told reporters, adding that their bloody clothes were scattered around their corpse.
They added that their body was so badly mauled, and their injuries were "so extensive that there was nothing left to compare bite marks to".
Authorities say the bite marks on their head match those of the dogs, and that they were not consistent with any other type of wild animal such as a bear.
The dogs' bodies have been preserved for a post-mortem examination.
Ghost Recon Wildlands Open Beta Announced
Hello Ghosts,
We are really excited to announce that the Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands open beta will take place from February 23 at 6 am EST to February 27 at 6 am EST! You can now download the open beta on all platforms here: www.ghostrecon.com/beta.
The open beta is entirely playable in co-op! Gather your squad and create your own tactics to defeat the cartel. Prefer to go on stealth operations or dive into the enemy camp guns blazing? It's up to you to decide!
Explore 2 provinces!
The open beta provides an opportunity to explore an additional province from the closed beta. You will have the opportunity to explore the beautiful provinces of Itacua again as well as experience the new province of Montuyoc.
ITACUA
Itacua is the landing province of the full game.It will let you familiarize yourself with the rich environment of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands. Finish the activities in Itacua and gain an XP boost to unlock new skills before going to Montuyoc.
Formerly a peaceful agricultural province where rebellion began, Itacua is now a guerilla zone. Itacua is located in the Greenland, and used to be a fertile agricultural province. When the Santa Blanca Cartel arrived and start to take over Bolivia, Itacua became the central point of the Kataris 26 rebellion.
The Rebellion launched raids against the Santa Blanca's facilities and taken by surprise, the cartel suffered some losses. Then Sueño asked La Plaga to handle it. Several months later, the rebellion still resists and Itacua has become a guerrilla zone. The capital, Buena Vida, was partly destroyed by the fighting. The Culta village has been burnt by the sicarios, and Yopil's population has just vanished…
The Rebellion keep launching raids against Santa Blanca facilities but the captured rebels were handed over to La Yuri and El Polito, who are responsible for torturing the captives to extract information about the leaders of the Rebellion.
Montuyoc
The Santa Blanca gathered their elite sicarios here to build a paramilitary force. Montuyoc is located in between the Altiplano and the highlands and has impressive vistas where you can watch red lakes from above. But it's also the training center of the Santa Blanca Cartel, so expect some fierce fights there!
El Sueño has built a vast arsenal here, protected by large bases, which contains modern light and heavy weapons, guns, tanks, mortars, and anti-aircraft missiles. This arsenal is available to the best sicarios who come to the deserted moors of Montuyoc for training. Santa Blanca's goal at Montuyoc is to train a small elite army capable of standing up to the best armies in South America.
Play the open beta and the full game before March 31*, and get the Unidad Conspiracy mission for free! In this mission you will have to destabilize the alliance between the cartel and the Unidad.
*Redemption of Unidad Conspiracy reward requires a valid Uplay account and purchase and play of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands (AGE: 17+) by March 31, 2017. Final content subject to change; some features may not be available at launch. Reward may be available for purchase and/or as giveaway(s) separately at Ubisoft's sole discretion at any time. Please check system requirements upon game release and prior to purchase.
Stream
Before you start digging into content, the development team would like to invite you to join the second official Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands live stream on February 22 at 6 pm CET (Paris time). Learn about the new content in the open beta with the introduction of the Montuyoc area, and participate in give-away sessions.
Hashtag
We are looking forward to hearing about your best moments during this open beta! Share your creations by using the official hashtag #Ghost Recon!
Pc Requirements
Minimum system requirements:
Operating System: MS Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64bit versions only)
Processor: Intel Core i5-2400S @ 2.5 GHz or AMD FX-4320 @ 4 GHz
RAM: 6GB
Video card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX660 / AMD R9 270X (2GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better)
DirectX: DirectX End-User Runtimes (June 2010)
Sound: DirectX-compatible using the latest drivers
Hard Drive: 50 GB available space
Peripherals: Windows-compatible keyboard and mouse required, optional controller
Recommended system requirements:
Operating System: MS Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64bit versions only)
Processor: Intel Core i7- 3770@ 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 @ 4 GHz
RAM: 8GB
Video card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX970/GTX 1060 or AMD R9 390/RX480 (4GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better)
DirectX: DirectX End-User Runtimes (June 2010)
Sound: DirectX-compatible using the latest drivers
Hard Drive: 50 GB available space
Peripherals: Windows-compatible keyboard and mouse required, optional controller
Ghost Recon Network and Ghost Recon HQ
During this Open Beta, you will also be able to discover the Ghost Recon Network, the ultimate platform for all Ghost Recon fans. Get ready to join the community and find the right people to play with in order to build your own team!
Already available to all, download now the Ghost Recon Wildlands HQ app to prepare yourself for upcoming deployment and complete your game experience.
For more information about the Ghost Recon Network and the Ghost Recon Wildlands HQ App, check out our dedicate article on www.ghostrecon.com.
Please note that a PlayStation®Plus or Xbox Live Gold membership is mandatory to play in co-op on PlayStation®4 system or Xbox One.
PlayStation®Plus or Xbox Live Gold are not necessary to play in solo mode.
IN GERMANY, a PlayStation®Plus membership is necessary to play the open beta (solo or co-op).
A Ubisoft account is necessary to play the Open Beta.
An internet connection is necessary to launch the Beta.
*You will have to connect with the same Ubisoft Account.
If you play in a Devy league and don't own Saquon Barkley or Derrius Guice, odds are you tried to trade for them at some point over the past two seasons. I'll bet that the owner quickly rejected your proposal and likely didn't even counter. The problem with acquiring these studs is that they're virtually unattainable unless you're willing to pay astronomical prices. Before these RBs become household names and ridiculously priced, they may be acquired amongst the regular season chaos.
Stephen Carr, USC
Coming out of high school there were some questions about Carr's lean build. Rivals listed them at 6'0” 180 lbs. Not exactly ideal for a running back. They answered those questions through the summer and fall camp by bulking up to a solid 210 lbs. The thing that wasn't in question entering their first-year student season was their explosiveness and speed. Carr has been as advertised and then some displaying even better quickness and agility than I expected. They ripped off a 52-yard game-sealing touchdown in the first game of their college career. They have also been extremely active in the passing game which is very rare for a true first-year student running back. Through their first 4 games, Carr totaled 13 receptions for 130 yards through the air. He's had 47 carries for 298 yards and 3 TDs, averaging 6.3 yards per carry on the ground. Ronald Jones is dinged up and potentially bolting for the NFL, this could be your chance to obtain Stephen Carr.
Carr looks natural on the swing route, maintains speed after a couple electric jukes, and finishes a strong run with solid power.
Your weekly Stephen Carr highlight… pic.twitter.com/wJ4KqDCV3b — Theddy (@HaitianKid79) September 10, 2017
Tavien Feaster, Clemson
Word out of Clemson this past offseason was that Tavien Feaster had added almost 20 lbs of muscle. These rumors were verified when they tipped the scales at 222 lbs at Clemson's official preseason weigh-in. Would this added weight improve Feaster's power and ability to break tackles? Would it sap their dynamic long-distance speed? I don't have official numbers on their broken tackles, but after watching the majority of their snaps through the first 3 games that Tavien's strength and power is greatly improved.  They are going down much less frequently on initial contact and had multiple runs with multiple tackles broken vs Louisville. The sophomore still managed to show off excellent speed bursting through for a 47 yard TD run in the Tiger's opener. Through 4 games they have carried 39 times for 249 yards for an astounding 6.4 YPC. They haven't been active in the passing game, but this isn't a concern with a 1,000-yard receiving season out of high school. Feaster was recently anointed the starter in TigerTown. While true first-year student Travis Etienne looks stellar so far, I fully expect Tavien to maintain their lead back role. It's now or never if you want the former 5-star. They should be heavily featured on a national stage moving forward.
Feaster showing off their track speed in the open field.
Tavien Feaster obliterating pursuit angles pic.twitter.com/IHIKpYoUZw — Josh Mensch (@JoshMenschNFL) September 2, 2017
J.K. Dobbins, Ohio State
The biggest blessing of J.K. Dobbins' young career was Mike Weber being ruled out for the Buckeyes season opener on national television. Dobbins was named the starter and took full advantage carrying the Ohio State offense to a victory against Indiana. J.K. looked quick, explosive, and ran extremely tough and naturally nimble in their debut on a couple of receptions. Barring injury Dobbins is going to be the Buckeyes starting back for the next 3 seasons, he's that good. Through 4 games in a feature role, they have racked up 69 carries for 520 yards and 3 TDs at a brilliant 7.5 yards per carry. I've seen Twitter rumblings of Dobbins having a little bit of Derrius Guice to their game and I can totally see that. They run with attitude and coaches rave about how they are a student of the game. Fellow DFF DevyWatch writer LJ Chaney (@pacificscouting) had Dobbins as the #2 RB in this first-year student class coming out of high school. Their 3-down skill set isn't going anywhere so acquire them now, while you still can.
Dobbins displaying explosive cutting ability and acceleration.
#Buckeyes TrFr RB #2 JK Dobbins 5-10/199 – Displaying SD Vision w/GD-to-VG Explosive Strgth, Accel & Balnce. Outstanding Athlete! pic.twitter.com/TgO6GOiEBv — Matt Caraccio (@Matty_S2S) September 2, 2017
Devy Watch Honorable Mention:
Wisconsin RB Jonathan Taylor would also make this list; however, in many shallower Devy leagues they went undrafted. I would highly recommend targeting him.
Keep in mind, these three backs are off to hot starts so they may not be easy to obtain. The ticket is that they're likely still obtainable at this point, which may not be the case in the near future. If your Devy squad is in rebuild mode you should try to offload a veteran for one of these up-and-coming backs. If your squad is loaded and in win-now mode, they would be good targets to help you reload for the future.
It marks a new exciting era for Scottish cricket supporters, players and associations as the organisation launches its new brand as it seeks to reach out, not only to its key existing stakeholders, but also new audiences.
The new logo represents a step forward for the organisation as it looks to embrace the modernisation of a fast-changing sport which has become increasingly popular since planting its roots in Scotland back in 1785.
Over the past few months Cricket Scotland has listened to feedback from a diverse group of its key stakeholders with the likes of a player's survey, feedback from our associations which has helped mould the new site.
“When we started out we wanted to change the perception of cricket in Scotland and enhance how we communicate with those who are important to us, which is an incredibly big job.”, said Cricket Scotland Chief Executive Malcolm Cannon.
They added, “With over 230+ Clubs in Scotland, it's certainly not a minority sport as some people would believe.”
The change in logo was instigated due to the heraldic figure in the previous incarnation coming under scrutiny from the Lord Lyon. This ancient heraldry law only applies in Scotland and has caused several football teams, like Airdrie and Ayr, to change their logos.
“Instead of looking at it from a negative perspective, we've taken the opportunity to create a whole new brand and improve the way we communicate with those who have a passion for the sport in Scotland.” said Cricket Scotland Communications Manager Ben Fox.
François Roshdy founder of Border Crossing Media added, “Cricket Scotland are passionate about transforming how cricket is perceived in Scotland. Their commitment to growing the game fuelled everything that we did, from brand strategy through to integrating back-office tools. We can't wait to see how Cricket Scotland uses the new assets at its disposal to reach and engage the next generation of cricketers!”.
Some of the new features on the now mobile responsive site include, player profiles of the national men and women's squads, as well as a revamp of the Scottish Cricket Hall of Fame.
The new site represents the start of transformation which will focus on the way we engage and serve our members with various tools like search by postcode, club directory along with a new member portal to be rolled out in the future months.
November 16 2011
12:56PM EST
4chan was up and running from about 10:20PM last night to about 12:20PM today. Though the attacks were tweeted as being over 10 hours ago, it looks like they have recommenced as some requests are timing out or they complete only after a long delay.
The attack was previously reported as a UDP packet flood on port 80, but the status blog have just revised the method of attack to TCP SYN flood. Again, we don't conclusively know who is behind the attacks but the most mentioned suspects are Lulzsec, Tumblr and 7chan.
On the 13th, a pastebin entry claimed that Lulzsec “was back” and took credit for taking down 4chan.org. We're not sure if this is legitimately from Lulsec as the links to their website in the message footer are dead and there has been no activity on the Twitter account. Also,most of the members of Lulzsec have been jailed for previous online plunders.
TUMBLR was in a big feud with 4chan last year centered around that each of the website's members thought the other one was copying too much content from them. 4chan threatened to take down Tumblr (with a DoS attack) on November 15th 2011, this prompted a pre-emptive attack on 4chan on November 13th 2011. Both sides managed to deny service to the other's website for at least a day. So many of the claims that Tumblr attacked 4chan this year is those that believe that the anniversary of the takedown is being observed by Tumblr or are simply basing it on bad reporting.
The last suspect, and least likely, is 7chan, a competing chan style message board site that hosts a fraction of 4chan's user base. This site probably did not take down 4chan.org, it seems 4chan users just don't really like 7chan and want to vent frustration from these attacks by DDoSing this site.
Lulz abound.
November 15 2011
8:02AM EST
Most of of the 4chan boards are now accessible but are prohibitively slow to load. 4chan.org is still under a DDos Attack “consisting of a UDP flood on port 80.”
12:45AM
4Chan is still fighting to stay up tonight as the distributed denial of service attack continues. The site is somewhat accessible some of the time for now, but admin are working to have it back up and running. Apparently, the status blog site is also under attack now, though it's more resilient than the boards of 4chan.org .
We don't know for certain who is behind the attacks but it looks like the most likely party is the Lulzsec hacking group. See below for more info.
November 14 2011
1:21PM EST
It looks like the imfamous hacking group, responsable for taking Visa offline and gaining access to Paypal records are the ones behind the DDoS attack that has brought 4chan down for almost 2 days. This on posted on pastebin below the usual Lulzsec header:
We are Lulz Security, and we're back. Today, November 13 2011, is a big day for us. We successfully completed a DDoS attack on 4chan.org, one of the top 1000 most visited sites in the United States and the world!
This attack not only shows how strong the new Lulzsec is, but the capability we have. With a botnet that can take a site with so much bandwidth such as 4chan down, Lulzsec has so much potential for some epic lulz in the future. Stay tuned!
This of course may just be a hoax, the Lulzsec Twitter account was not updated and the links on the pastebin entry led to a dead website.
11:04AM EST
4chan seems to be going up (but running very slowly) and down early today due again to a DDoS attack from a “fan.” Many people are blaming Tumblr as this was the 1 year anniversary that 4chan took down the Tumblr blogging service but that fued was mostly settled then. Others are pointing to hacktivist group lulzsec who declared war on 4chan.org and it's users back in June of this year but this is unlikely aas many of their primary members were arrested in September.
There has been no new statements from the Administration since yesterday so right now all the finger pointing is just speculation.
12:41AM EST
It looks like the infamous anonymous image board 4chan is down today. 4chan.org has been down for at least the last 8 hours.
According to the site's status blog and twitter, the outage is only temporary. 4chan has been taken down due to a major DDOS attack. Admin are working to restore it and they're hoping to have it back up and running “soon.”
We don't know who is behind this wave of attacks just yet but we'll let you know as more information becomes available.
Don't do a double take when double-decker buses start rolling into Kitchener and Guelph Saturday.
GO is phasing in the 80-seat, two-level buses starting 7:30 a.m. Saturday on routes between Kitchener and the Square One terminal in Mississauga, said Malon Edwards, spokesperson for Metrolinx, which operates GO.
The Ontario government transit agency is in the process of buying 70 of the two-level buses, bringing the total in service to 117 by June. That means double deckers will make up nearly a quarter of the GO bus fleet by then, they said.
"As additional buses arrive over the next few months, we will continue to add double-deck buses to additional trips across the GO network to meet customer demand for extra capacity," they said.
Go first purchased 22 double deck buses in 2008. In April, another 25 were ordered, for service in the Toronto-Hamilton area. Buses coming to Kitchener and Guelph routes are in a third order. They're made by Alexander Dennis Ltd. in Scotland.
Adding tall buses mean some changes to routing, to clear overhead obstructions, GO says.
•At the Kitchener bus terminal, the GO bus stops move onto Charles Street. Westbound buses will stop at the north side of the terminal. Eastbound coaches will stop on the south side of the terminal.
•At the Guelph terminal, GO buses will no longer run along Wyndham Street. They'll use Gordon, Norfolk and Macdonell streets to stop at the Guelph station.
The new buses cost $750,000 each. Single deck buses carry 55 people, and cost $550,000. Two double-deckers can replace three single level highway coaches.
A television monitor on the stairs shows riders if there are empty seats on the upper level. Reading lights and power outlets allow riders to work, read and use electronics.
On the heels of their second writing Emmy win on Monday for Louie, Louis C.K. is expanding their footprint on FX with a new series. The network has given a 10-episode order to Baskets, its comedy pilot starring Zach Galifianakis, and co-created by Galifianakis, Louis C.K. and Jonathan Krisel. Production will begin next year for a 2016 launch. Galifianakis penned the pilot episode along with Louis C.K., and Krisel (Portlandia, Man Seeking Woman), who directed the pilot and serves as showrunner. Blair Breard, Dave Becky, Marc Gurvitz, and Andrea Pett-Joseph are executive producers. Galifianakis just pulled out of the feature Freeheld, citing a scheduling conflict, and was replaced by Steve Carell.
Related: Zach Galifianakis Exits ‘Freeheld' Over Scheduling Conflicts
In a world constrained by corporate interests and the homogenization of society, one man in Bakersfield, California dares to follow their dream of becoming a professional clown. But after an unsuccessful enrollment at a prestigious clowning school in Paris, the only job they can find is with the local rodeo. Basket follows Chip Baskets' (Galifianakis) pursuit of their dream, against all odds, to be a respected clown. “Zach Galifianakis, Louis C.K. and Jonathan Krisel have created an absolutely brilliant show,” said FX's Eric Schrier. “To say Zach's portrayal of the lead character Chip Baskets is hilarious/unique/riveting/fascinating would be an understatement. We can't wait for the world to meet him.”
Baskets is the first project under FX Productions' overall deal with Louis C.K. and their production company Pig Newton. Under the pact, Louis C.K., a well known Renaissance Man who writes, directs and edits their series and specials, has been looking to guide other creators as they get their projects off the ground. Galifianakis is repped by Brillstein Entertainment Partners, CAA and attorney Jared Levine. Louis C.K. is with 3 Arts Entertainment. Krisel is with CAA, Mosaic, and attorney Alex Kohner.
Baskets was one of a dozen comedy pilots ordered by FX in its most recent cycle and the fifth to go to series along with The Tracy Morgan Project (FXX), The Comedians (FX), Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll (FX), and Man Seeking Woman (FXX), boosting the FX Networks comedy roster to 11 series across FX and FXX.
Those living in capital have noticed backlash since the downing of flight MH17, and feel UK media is blaming all Russians
Outside Kalinka, a Russian delicatessen and grocers on London's bustling Queensway, customers were uneasy . "I am shocked," says one, an electrician, who came to London 12 years ago to work on building sites. They remember the stereotyping of their fellow Russians back then. "It was Russians are rude. And they are drinking beer. And they are drinking vodka. But it was funny. It was soft humour.
"Now, the newspapers are definitely trying to mix the opinions of people against Russian culture and people. Now it is Russians are killers."
 They are far from alone among Russians living in London to have noticed a backlash since the downing of flight MH17. Like most, they too, speaks only on condition of anonymity.
"There are pictures of Putin. The word "killer" on the front pages," said Anna, a Russian-born pharmaceutical consultant. "Then page after page, until page 12 or something, when it's Gaza. Russians are killers. How do you think it affects us?"
"Do you believe in collective punishment? Do you want to bomb people for their nationality?" they ask. "It's actually official policy now to hate Russians."
Of course, they said, they have no idea of the exact circumstances that led to shooting of the plane and loss of 298 lives. "But the British culture is to find a culprit. Bully them. Bully those around them. Don't bother to investigate. Judge on very superficial grounds. Let's bully their daughter. Let's find someone who played judo with this man and bully them too.
"Surround them with hate so the Russians will throw them out. But the Russians won't throw them out," they added. "Everyone is suffering. Collective punishment is not the answer."
Among their friends, Sasha, a retired Russian army officer who has lived in London for more than 20 years, now finds "a great deal of sadness, and fear, fear that the lunacy will escalate.
"It is easy to resurrect antagonism towards Russia because people remember the cold war, and when something goes wrong in Russia it's magnified," they said. Sanctions would hit the middle and lower income Russians "the tourists, the students who fill the universities" and not "the big people, who don't care".
Across London in the City, fears are also for business. One director of a reinsurance broker, whose company works in 20 different countries, many from the former Soviet Union, said their concern about media coverage was "that there is no presumption of innocence in this case.
"It looked as if the story was ready for the mass media before the aircraft came down.
"All this blaming Russians, I am Russian English. I have been living here for 25 years. I don't quite like Putin's politics. But, unfortunately, all this has really pushed me over to the Russian side, which I haven't been since the events started in Ukraine."
They fear a break "in connections which have been set up over the last 20 to 25 years, based on information that has not been verified".
Others fear a trade slump will lead to job losses. "If there is no business with Russia, it inevitably will affect our employability because we sell our language skills," said one insurance worker.
Now living in London, they were born in Russia before moving to Ukraine, where their parents still live. They were visiting them when the plane was shot down.
"My parents have both Ukrainian and Russian channels. And the story was so contradictory if you switched from Russian TV to Ukrainian TV. It is actually scary how the same event can be shown from a different perspective and you just didn't know what to believe," they said. "They are trading accusations, and both seem equally credible. My advice would be not to listen to either."
They have found British media "more or less objective" but is concerned how comments translate into Russian.
"I can hear what David Cameron says in English and it's sort of all right. Once it is translated into Russian it sounds really harsh. That really is an issue. When it's taken out of context, and translated, it can sound almost opposite to what was said," they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The current economic slump won't end any time soon, says Matthew Lynn in MarketWatch. The current crisis eerily resembles one that brought the financial world to its knees in the 1870s. A new industrial power — back then it was Germany, now it's China — had rocketed to the forefront, "blowing apart old industries." Financial markets had been deregulated. Cheap money was everywhere. The "almighty crash" that followed triggered what came to be known as the Long Depression, "a period of volatility, unemployment, and slumps that lasted an epic 23 years." If the aftermath of the crash of 2008 turns out like that, Lynn says, we're stuck like this until 2031. Could we really be in for such a long, painful ride?
Unfortunately, it really might take years to rebound: "Historical parallels are never precise," says Doug Mataconis at Outside the Beltway, as Lynn concedes. But the similarities between the Long Depression and our Great Recession are "rather sobering." At the very least we should acknowledge there might be "a prolonged period of economic upheaval ahead that may be far beyond the ability of any government or Central Bank to control." Food for thought, "if you're in the mood to panic a little."
"A 25-year recession?"
Relax, not all our nightmares will come true: The doomsayers have plenty of reasons to worry, says Rick Newman in U.S. News. Europe's financial meltdown could burn the U.S.; war with Iran could disrupt oil supplies; Congress' fumbling could get the government's credit rating knocked down another notch. But "overwrought fears tend to produce relief rallies if the worst doesn't actually happen," so 2012 could turn out to be a good year for everyone from homebuyers to "stingy shoppers."
"Who will prosper in 2012?"
With any luck, gridlock will save us: A lot of people are wringing their hands because Washington isn't doing enough to rescue the economy, says syndicated columnist Thomas Sowell in the St. Augustine, Fla., Record. But if you compare instances when the government butted in during previous slumps (the Great Depression) to cases where it let the free market sort things out (the 1987 stock crash), "doing nothing has by far the better track record." Maybe gridlock helps things turn around more quickly than the pessimists think.
"Gridlock to the rescue?"
Last year, I posted about a book called the Awkward Moments (Not Found In Your Average) Children's Bible documenting many of the Bible's little-known verses.
Like these pages quoting Exodus 21:20-21:
The book was written by “Horus Gilgamesh” and illustrator “Agnes Tickheathen” (Agnostic Heathen) — both obviously pseudonyms. It received incredible reception online, becoming a mainstay atop Amazon's books about atheism.
And now, despite the attempt at anonymity, their identities have been discovered by a Christian who just sent them a death threat:
Why Seattle? The authors will be there for the Atheist Alliance of America's annual convention.
I write under a pen name, I separate my writing from my personal life as much as possible, in order to maintain family privacy while protecting my other businesses from the unknown. You feel pretty safe until you open your personal mailbox to find an odd letter addressed to your private name — no return address, just a postmark from a couple of hours away. A lot of things go through your mind while standing in the middle of the road, reading a letter like this: How did they get this address? How did they find my real name? What is this verse? Who are they? What do they want? This is obviously the King James? Are they serious? Would someone actually track me down at a speaking engagement to cause me harm? Where's my wife? Where's my gun? Panic. Fear. Just what they were hoping for. Possibly just what they've been taught… Honestly, my first reaction was, “Holy crap! How have we never illustrated this little bit of madness before?” My second reaction was, “I stand corrected — some Christians apparently do read their Bibles.”
Gilgamesh went to the police, but they understandably couldn't do much without more information.
They told me over email he's not letting this threat deter him:
In the midst of fear and a sense of helplessness, I have been absolutely amazed and humbled by the support and encouragement I have received after sharing this story. Within minutes, I received countless messages offering everything from personal protection by off-duty military officers to safe beds for my family. The onslaught of selfless generosity simply overwhelmed me. At the end of the day, I came out publicly with this situation because I won't be silenced. Whether or not I ultimately choose to present at the conference in Seattle is actually irrelevant — I will continue doing the work I do on a daily basis. God's Little Helper has already lost — showing an ugly side of their or their religion — that almost any dirty deed can be justified by the Good Book. This, of course, is not my problem to solve — but that of everyday Christians who would be quick to denounce this pathetic bully. But, would they be right to do so? Are they not following scripture — the laws of Moses? Sure, many Christians will claim that this person isn't a “real Christian” or that, “the laws of the Old Testament no longer apply because Jesus came and…”. Of course, they conveniently forget Christ's own words on the matter from Matthew 5:18-19 and Luke 16:17. Again, their problem — not mine.
I spoke with AAA's President Chuck VonDerAhe over the phone yesterday and they told me authorities have already been notified and everyone attending the conference should feel very safe.
(Thanks to Adrian for the link)
The deep depression over east- central Arabian Sea further intensified into a cyclonic storm "Ashobaa" , the weather department issued a warning to fishermen along the Gujarat coast, which is expected to receive heavy rainfall in the next 48 hours.
The cyclone may not have much effect on Gujarat as it is now lying 470 km southwest of Veraval and gradually moving north-northwestwards, Jayanta Sarkar, Director of the Meteorological Centre said.
"The cyclone is gradually moving away towards Oman. Thus, it won't have much impact on Gujarat. However, strong winds and heavy rainfall would make the sea conditions very rough.
Thus we have issued a warning at coastal areas and advised fishermen not to venture into the sea during next 48 hours," said Sarkar.
Read: Cyclone Ashobaa intensifies over Arabian Sea
The administration is taking all the precautionary steps even though "Ashobaa" is not expected to make a landfall in the state.
"As per the current predictions, the cyclonic storm is not going to make landfall in Gujarat. However, we have already warned fishermen not to venture into the sea. We have also alerted all the district collectors of the coastal region to stay prepared for any unexpected turn of events," said state Relief Commissioner DN Pandey.
The storm will bring respite to the people, who are reeling under scorching heat for a long time, as the maximum temperature is expected to fall by almost 5 to 6 degrees in most parts of state, Met officials said.
"Under the influence of this system, light to moderate rain or thundershowers would occur at a few places in north Gujarat and Kutch. Moderate to heavy rain would occur at many places in south Gujarat and Saurashtra region, including coastal parts in next 48 hours," said Sarkar.
Since early this morning, clouds have covered most parts of state, giving huge relief from scorching heat. Maximum temperature of the city may fall up to 6 to 7 degrees on Monday, said Sarkar.
"Yesterday, maximum temperature of city touched 43.7 degrees. Today, it will come down to 36 to 37 degree, a dip of almost 6 to 7 degrees. Similarly, temperatures will also decrease in other parts of Gujarat, as entire state is now experiencing cloudy weather," said Sarkar.
Though many parts of the western state of Gujarat are now experiencing cloudy weather, the actual onset of monsoon in Gujarat is still away.
"This is not the official onset of monsoon in the state.
This is mainly under the influence of the cyclonic storm. The actual monsoon is yet to arrive," they said.
Under the influence of this system, rainfall would occur at most places with isolated heavy rainfall over coastal Karnataka, Konkan & Goa and south Gujarat during the next 24 hours.
Strong winds speed reaching 70-80 kmph gusting to 90 kmph would prevail along and off Karnataka, Goa and Maharashtra coasts during next 24 hrs and 90-100 kmph gusting to 120 kmph during subsequent 24 hours. Sea condition would be very rough to high along and off Karnataka, Goa and Maharashtra coasts during the next 48 hours.
Maureen Ogden is co-chair of New Jersey's Keep It Green Campaign, an organization that works to secure funding to protect the state's clean water, natural areas, farmland, parks and historic sites. Keep It Green is a coalition of more than 150 organizations – from sportsmen's groups and environmental organizations to affordable housing and urban park advocates – whose mission is to preserve New Jersey's open space and clean water. Ms. Ogden spoke with EarthSky's Beth Lebwohl.
Why is it important for people to preserve New Jersey's open space?
The water we drink is cleansed by the earth beneath us. The air we breathe is purified by the green plants surrounding us. Our very existence depends on the harmony of the natural cycle. So in seeking to preserve New Jersey's natural heritage, we need to feel a real sense of urgency, as though our very lives depended on it, because they do.
New Jersey has had a long history of strong bipartisan support for open space and farmland and historic preservation. Can you give us some background?
It really started after World War II. In the late 1940's, the population increased greatly and the suburbanization of New Jersey occurred rapidly. Our farmland and our countryside beyond the cities and towns was disappearing before our eyes as it was gobbled up by housing developments, shopping malls and offices. It was in reaction to this loss of open space that voters enthusiastically supported in 1961, 50 years ago, our first Green Acres bond issue.
Today, we know it was our smallest bond issue, but the 60 million preserved 100,000 acres. We were on our way to saving open space in New Jersey. Over the past 50 years, the legislature and voters have enthusiastically supported 12 bond issues totaling two and a half billion dollars to preserve open space, farmland and historic sites.
Given the difficult economic and fiscal climate New Jersey is facing, how can the state afford to invest in preservation efforts right now?
It's really important to take a long view. In other words, what do we want our state to be like in the future? We are in difficult economic times, but I don't believe and I don't believe voters either do, that it's time to retreat from our goal of preserving 40 percent of New Jersey. In actual numbers, it's not so large becauseNew Jersey is small. It's only five million acres. So when we're talking about preserving 40 percent in its natural condition, we're talking about preserving two million acres.
At this time, we are about three-quarters of the way towards our goal, having preserved almost a million and a half acres. A very recent poll shows that New Jersey voters are as enthusiastic today as they were when times were better 10 years ago about preserving open space. In other words, they are still at a percentage of roughly 62 saying, yes, we have to continue to preserve open space.
We realize with the tremendous density of our population, if we continue to lose open space, that it might become almost not a place that we would want to live in and we don't want that to happen. Therefore, we have to have this goal, which we established in the late 1990s, of preserving up to 40 percent.
Can you give us some examples of why additional funds are needed for land preservation efforts in New Jersey?
What's happening throughout the state, is that we have preserved land but increasingly we're finding that there are some key areas that are at risk of the being developed if we don't preserve them. For instance, in the pinelands recently, through the good efforts of the New Jersey Conservation Foundation, 10,000 acres, the Franklin Parker Preserve, was saved. It's surrounded by five state parks, and was a hole in the donut that was at risk of being lost. If it had been developed, uh, it would have really degraded the land, the five state parks around it, as habitat for natural species and recreation for people who live here in New Jersey. Funding from Green Acres together with dollars from counties, towns and non-profits is critically needed to buy these donut holes while the opportunity still is there.
Tell us about the Garden State Preservation Trust. What is it and what has made it successful?
When I was in the legislature, I sponsored three bills to come up with a stable source of funding to buy Green Acres. I wanted a stable source of funding because it was much more expensive to have the bond issues. Those that were trying to save land never knew when the bond issues would pass and so they couldn't plan on it. Another key thing was if we had stable funding, we could make a down payment and then spread out the rest of the cost over a period of time.
With the Green Acres bond issues, we always had to pay the entire cost of buying the land at the time that we purchased it. This is contrary to any way that we buy anything really big, like a house or a car, where we make a down payment and then over a period of years, we pay it off.
The Garden State Preservation Trust came about from hearings that I held as chair of a council to evaluate the need to preserve more open space and to come up with a source of funding to do so. After we had held these hearings over a period of at least 18 months, we made recommendation to the governor to preserve another million acres and to come up with a stable source of funding.
What was finally approved was that we would dedicate 98 million from the sales tax revenue for 30 years. In the first ten years, the money was going to be used to actually make the down payments on the land. Then in the next 20 years, until 2029, we would have the revenue bonds that would be paying off the owners of the land on an installment basis, just the way one pays for houses or cars.
To learn more about saving New Jersey's open spaces and historic places visit Garden State Preservation Trust.
With Google I/O coming up in just a few days, it's time for a second edition of The Google Tracker, what we hope will be a bi-yearly look at what's going on at Google HQ. Just like last time, we'll have a potent mix of news, (good) rumors, and a bit of informed speculation thrown in. We're not personally guaranteeing all of this will show up at Google I/O—this is more of a to-do list of upcoming projects, most of which we aren't attaching an expected time frame to.
Still, with Google's product launch extravaganza just around the corner, it's a good idea to have a fresh set of potential announcements in your head. This year could see Google tackling everything from watches to TVs to enterprise computing.
Android Wear
One project that we definitely expect to launch at I/O is Android Wear, Google's big push into wearable computing. At the beginning of the year, all we had was a vague rumor about a Google smartwatch and the company's 2012 purchase of WIMM, an early smartwatch outfit. Since then, the company has officially announced Android Wear as basically Android-for-smartwatches. Google released an emulator which contained a ton of info about the new OS.
The best part of the wearable OS is that, while you can write apps specifically for Android Wear, out of the box it includes significant functionality for every Android app. By plugging into Android's built-in notification API, Android Wear displays every notification your phone gets. Any app that has buttons in its notification will automatically have those buttons displayed on the watch. The only thing that requires developer support is voice-to-text functionality, which is mostly just a tag informing Android Wear where the text goes.
This built-in compatibility with every Android app gives Wear a big leg up over Samsung's Tizen-based (and previously Android-based) smartwatches, which require handmade support for every app. You'll also most likely get full support from Google's apps with Android Wear, which is a big chunk of many users' app selection. And if Wear actually proves useful, it looks like it will dominate the market. Just like Android, Android Wear has almost no competition in the form of a rival manufacturer-agnostic OS. If you're LG, Sony, Motorola, Asus, HTC, or one of the hundreds of other device manufacturers who are not Samsung or Apple, Android Wear is your only choice of OS.
Also like Android, Wear-friendly hardware is a free-for-all that's up to the OEMs. So far we've seen entries from Motorola and LG, with the standout being the Moto360. Motorola's entry has a round LCD and steel body, which makes it much closer to a jewelry watch than any of Samsung's efforts. Samsung is expected to have an Android Wear smartwatch eventually, but right now the company's allegiance is torn between Google and its Tizen operating system.
We're expecting Wear to be the star product of Google I/O. Both Motorola and LG have pegged this summer for release dates, and there are three Android Wear sessions slated for Google I/O. Wear currently requires a companion app, but Google has already started integrating that functionality into Google Play Services in preparation for what looks like a mass release. Google is even asking for app submissions, which could get "exposure at I/O." Google usually hands out tons of hardware to attendees, and it wouldn't surprise us to see a watch among the goodies.
Android enhancements
64-bit support
Last I/O, Google didn't introduce a new version of Android, so seeing this at the show isn't a guarantee. Still, we've heard a lot of different places all say a new version of Android is due out at I/O. We've got a good handle on upcoming Android features—some of which could be in the next version, and some which could hypothetically be parted out to the Play Store or Google Play Services.
Apple shocked the SoC world when it unveiled the iPhone 5s, which brought a 64-bit processor and OS to market sooner than anyone expected. Qualcomm has a whole slate of 64-bit SoCs in the works, but the high-end 64-bit Snapdragon isn't planned to hit the market until next year.
Google's doing its part to make 64-bit happen, and we're expecting the next version of Android to fully support the new architecture. We like to keep an eye on the public Android source code repositories, and lately we've been seeing countless commits related to 64-bit support. While 64-bit support will allow Android devices to go above 4GB of RAM, it will also bring (on ARM chips) the ARMv8 instruction set, which, on the iPhone 5S, has proven to be as much as 33 percent faster in some benchmarks.
ART—Android RunTime
Dalvik, the engine that powers Android apps, is one of the oldest parts of the OS. Google is planning to dump Dalvik and go with a completely new runtime for Android called simply, "Android RunTime" or "ART."
We aren't sure what Google's goals with ART are (it's probably "speed"). The new runtime shipped as an optional mode in KitKat, but the company hasn't said much about the project. All that is due to change at I/O, where there will be a session dedicated to ART that should explain what the point of the project is and how it will be better than Dalvik. Interestingly, the session description mentions Google will talk about the "improvements" it has made to the Android Runtime. It's very easy to interpret that as a new version of ART, which would require a new version of Android, which means a new version of Android will be at I/O.
What we do know is that the version in KitKat isn't finished, so it's not right to draw many serious conclusions from it. ART will switch Android from a just-in-time (JIT) compiler to an ahead-of-time (AOT) compiler, meaning that compiling will go from happening every time an app is run, to just once when an app is installed. Dalvik was designed at the beginning of Android's life, and above all else it needed to be small—not fast or battery efficient. Dalvik needed to fit into the paltry storage of devices like the T-Mobile G1, which had half a gig of storage. The switch to AOT compiling and what will no doubt be a focus on speed and efficiency should boost the performance of Android devices quite a bit.
Reports out of Denmark, like this one by Michel Wikkelsø Davidsen of BT, have indicated that Columbus Crew SC midfielder Emil Larsen is ready to return home, after signing with the MLS side just months ago. The Danish outlet originally broke that news in January.
In an interview with Crew SC blog Massive Report, Columbus head coach and technical director Gregg Berhalter discussed the reports with contributor Patrick Murphy, saying "We can't control what's in the media in Denmark."
Berhalter went on to praise Larsen's performance with Denmark's Under-23 Olympic qualifying squad, and said that the 24-year-old has been performing well in training, though that has yet to translate to matchday. Larsen, whom Crew SC tabbed for duty on the wing, has played only 31 minutes in 3 appearances, though two have come in the team's last four games.
Berhalter told me today #CrewSC can't do anything about Danish reports of Emil Larsen wanting out. Said they did well with the U23. — Patrick Murphy (@_Pat_Murphy) June 13, 2016
On Tuesday, the small community of writers who like to argue over student debt went to war.
The opening salvo was a Brookings Institution report that argued student debt is no more of a burden now than in the past, and that anecdotes of graduates loaded down with six-figure debt are far from typical.
The researchers found borrowers spend about 4 percent of their income on loan payments, down from 4.2 percent in 1998. And just 7 percent of households with debt owe more than $50,000.
This all sounded like it added up to an argument that student loan debt isn't something to worry about. Marketplace, the widely distributed American Public Media radio show about business, opened its report on the study like this: "The student loan crisis we've heard so much about may not be as bad as we think."
But there's a problem with the broader debate: "student debt" isn't one unifying experience. The debt held by a University of Michigan grad is nothing like the debt held by a Georgia Tech dropout. Tens of thousands of dollars of debt for an Ivy League-educated doctor leads to a very different life a decade later than the same amount of debt for a vocational certificate.
Simplifying the question to "student debt: crisis or not?" bulldozes these distinctions.
1) Are you talking about all student loan debt or just recent student loan debt?
Student loan debtors are a diverse group of nearly 40 million people. They include highly paid doctors, newly minted BAs from Ivy League colleges, and WyoTech graduates with vocational certificates. Averages mash up borrowers who took out their loans in the '90s and deferred payments for a few years with new graduates who are just starting to pay their bills. And statistics on student loan debt include a substantial proportion of dropouts who never earned a degree at all.
Bottom line: a generic recent college graduate and a generic student loan borrower are two very different people. To give just one example, the average monthly payment on a student loan for the class of 2012 is $312. For student debtors overall, the average is about 25 percent lower — $242.
2) The class of 2014 will be the most indebted in American history... until the the class of 2015
This is why you hear so much about student debt right now: it's not that "people with student debts" are doing so badly as a class. It's that the debt burden on new graduates kept rising as the economy tanked. The class of 2014 is the most indebted in American history — until the moment the class of 2015 puts on its caps and gowns.
For people getting bachelor's degrees, graduating with debt became more common than not in the 1990s. Now student debt isn't just common; it's becoming nearly universal. At public universities, 64 percent of graduates in the class of 2012 borrowed, and they took out around $25,600 in debt. At private universities, 74 percent of students borrowed, taking out around $32,300. Virtually all students getting four-year degrees at for-profit colleges borrow.
Kevin Carey, director of the New America Foundation's Education Policy Program, described such widespread student debt last year as "a big social experiment that we've all accidentally decided to engage in."
3) Those six-figure debts you hear about are pretty rare
The New York Times made a marketing major with $120,000 in loans the new face of student debt in 2012. But terrifying, six-figure loan debts for new graduates aren't typical. They very much are not, as this 2012 chart from the College Board shows:
4) About 30 percent of student loan borrowers dropped out of college
Whether you graduate from college is the best way to predict whether or not you will default on your loan, according to a 2009 review of research on student loan defaults. And because student loans usually can't be discharged in bankruptcy, default is an unparalleled personal finance catastrophe.
So the borrowers who don't finish their degrees are the group you need to be most worried about. Their financial picture is much, much worse than graduates'. Some don't worry too much about the rising debt burden on college graduates from because college graduates' advantage over high school graduates in the labor market has stayed high. They borrow more, but they also get paid more. That's not as true for those who don't finish their degree.
Even worse, the ranks of borrowers who drop out have grown in the last decade:
The Brookings report found that 41 percent of households with some college and no degree have debt, up from 11 percent in the 1990s. And their average debt has climbed too:
5) Getting a college degree, even with debt, is still much better than not getting a college degree
Getting a degree will leave you much better off than dropping out. But to get that degree, you have to go to college. And for most people, the choice isn't between a full scholarship and a student loan; it's between student debt and no college at all. So you can be struggling with student debt and yet be better off than you would be without it.
For students who manage to graduate, the data still says that student debt is a sound investment:
That's true even if you end up in a job that doesn't technically require a college degree, according to the New York Fed. The benefits of a college education still outweigh the costs:
6) Whether you graduate matters most, but your major and your college matter too
Just as people talk about "student debt" like it's one experience, people talk about "college" like it's one experience. But "college" is not one thing. It's become a catchall term for any kind of education after high school, whether it's a certificate in HVAC training or a B.A. from Harvard.
Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, which mostly educates engineers, has very high student debt, but few people are losing sleep overengineers with more than $40,000 in student debt. They'll pay it off.
On the other hand, you might worry about an art major with an equivalent amount of debt. And there's good reason to be upset if students took on more than $40,000 debt for a career-oriented degree and then couldn't find a job to pay the loan back.
What if you could go to a state school debt-free, but take out loans so you can attend a private college with more cachet? That's a more complicated case.
A study in 2011 found that whether you choose the more selective college or the slightly less selective one (most big state universities are still considered somewhat selective in the grand scheme of things) doesn't affect your future income. But a more selective college made a difference for students who are black, Latino, or the first in their families to attend college. Those are the students who are more likely to need loans in the first place.
7) Borrowers with more debt are often better off than borrowers with less debt
The average borrower defaulting on a loan owes just $14,500. On the other hand, the typical medical school graduate owes around $161,772. Which one is in better shape?
Brookings found that, on average, debts are actually more manageable relative to borrowers' incomes than they were in the mid-1990s. But that only measured households who were actually paying back their loans. Those defaulters with relatively little debt aren't included in the study.
8) We know what happened to the class of 2004, but we don't know what will happen to the class of 2014
The economic argument against student debt is that it's dragging down the economy: if you have student loans, you have less discretionary income. Your credit score is worse. You might not be buying a house.
The problem is that student debt data isn't available in real time. The Brookings study, for example, uses data from 2010. Until earlier this year, the most complete federal data on student borrowing was for the class of 2008 — students who didn't just start college before the recession, but who paid their final tuition bill before Lehman Brothers collapsed.
But it doesn't tell us as much about what the newest graduates' lives will be like when they turn 35. We don't know if, like earlier generations, they'll mostly figure out a way to muddle through with their loans, or if we're going to reach a tipping point where the debt of the economy's otherwise most successful participants begins to weigh everyone down. So knowing that people under 35 with debt aren't buying homes tells us something about young adults.
9) The economic case for student debt is not the political or moral case for student debt
You're a smart 18-year-old from a working-class family with the good luck to be born in California, which has some of the best public universities in the world. So you attend one of them, major in something that doesn't promise you instant riches — sociology, say, or English — and work a part-time campus job on the side.
If you were born in 1955, you'll probably graduate debt-free, because the state heavily subsidized your tuition. If you were born in 1995, you'll be paying for your education until you're in your 30s.
Which scenario is more fair? Some would argue you're the one benefiting from the education with those lifelong higher earnings, so it's reasonable for you to pay the up-front cost. Others say that higher education benefits the nation, both economically and socially, so the nation as a whole should help pay.
The political argument about whether students should have to take on debt to pay for college is harder to answer than whether the debt ends up being worth it. Like all policy debates, it's about what the US values as a country — and about whether we're willing to spend taxpayer money on what we say is important.
Whether student debt is fair or right is a different question than whether a monthly payment is manageable. And it's not one you can answer with a chart.
'Real Housewives' Star Hobo Pressing Charges Over Nut Punch
'Real Housewives of Miami' Star -- Homeless Man Pressing Charges Over Nut Punch
EXCLUSIVE
TMZ has learned, the homeless man who was assaulted on tape by "" dumbasshas informed police they want to press charges ... and now, cops are on the hunt for the reality star.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ, the homeless man in the video was contacted by police shortly after the footage surfaced this week -- and they asked to press assault charges against Rosello, son of housewifeTMZ posted video of the cruel "prank" early today -- showing Rosello punching the guy in the balls while they were sleeping, then running off.Now, law enforcement sources tell TMZ, a detective has been assigned to the case and cops are actively looking to speak to Rosello ... and possibly even arrest them on a felony assault charge.Rosello faces a felony charge because of new laws in Florida stemming from similar "pranks." The new laws classify attacks on homeless people as hate crimes, meaning they carry stricter penalties.If convicted, Rosello could face at least a year behind bars.Attempts to reach Rosello were unsuccessful. Calls to "Real Housewives" were not returned.
Following a sell-out tour in the UK, last autumn, the arena production of Jesus Christ Superstar is now heading to Australia!
Tim will be reprising their award-winning performance as Judas Iscariot for the tour, while Melanie C and Ben Forster will also be returning in their roles from the UK production as Mary Magdalene and Jesus.
The tour will also see the host of Deal or No Deal, Andrew O'Keefe, playing King Herod and Jon Stevens, who appeared as Judas Iscariot in the 1992 Australian arena tour of the show, taking on the role of Pontius Pilate.
The tour will be calling at the following places:
31st May 2013
Perth Arena
4th June 2013
Adelaide Entertainment Centre
7th June 2013
Sydney Entertainment Centre
8th June 2013 (matinee and evening shows)
Sydney Entertainment Centre
11th June 2013
Brisbane Entertainment Centre
14th June 2013
Melbourne, Rod Laver Arena
15th June 2013 (matinee and evening shows)
Melbourne, Rod Laver Arena
Tickets will go on general sale on the 8th March 2013, however, there will be a presale from the 27th February 2013 for folks who are Frontier Members. The full list of ticket links can be found on jesuschristsuperstar.com
Youth Work Ireland's Presidential Age Referendum Yes posters. More here
Via Irish Times Letters:
it should not be forgotten that there is a second equality referendum question on Friday seeking to revoke an arcane and ageist provision in our Constitution.
The obvious historical case of Michael Collins has been indicated persistently throughout the campaign. Yet would those still intend to vote No also bear in mind that this is a country where a 25-year-old Frank Aiken issued a ceasefire order to essentially end the Civil War; where a 30-year-old Kevin O'Higgins established An Garda Síochána; and where a 34-year-old Ernest Blythe presided over the finances of our then fledgling nation state?
Occupying the office of president in the 21st century is a proverbial walk in the park in comparison to those stark precedents.
It is strikingly dubious that a formal restriction applies for the role of head of state where no such barrier exists for the pragmatically more pivotal role of taoiseach. Furthermore, I doubt one would have been amused if such an age limit had correspondingly applied across the Irish Sea in the 1950s.
It should be emphasised that the initial nomination procedure to run for president and the ballot voted upon by the Irish electorate itself are both necessarily rigorous judgment phases for any candidate, regardless of age, to overcome, and therefore the current age parameters as set out should be considered superfluous.
We live in an age where the advent of social media will continue to actively develop the participation of younger people in politics into the near future. I fear that in a context where many students have enthusiastically registered for the first time specifically to vote on Friday, a majority vote to theoretically prevent those aged between 21 and 35 from running for the highest elected office in the land would thus strike a somewhat discordant, emblematic tone.
click to enlarge Caleb Walsh illustration
Three months ago, I played a fun game with Spokane County Commissioner Al French.
Invited to participate in a transit summit with local elected officials, nonprofit and business leaders and other riders, our goal was to design a network for a fictional town named Prairieville. Shades of Spokane were evident: access to hospitals, schools and business districts like Garland and South Perry fell in the "cut or keep" paradigm. I was electrified to see French, a Republican who can sometimes strain city and county relations, articulate how a mass regional transit system can stitch together a strong community and urge us to "dream big."
click to enlarge
They aren't alone. The biggest takeaway was a vote among the participants at the end, showing strong support for a ballot initiative to fund existing and new bus services with an additional sales tax of 0.3 percent — three cents on a $10 retail purchase.
And that's exactly what Spokane County voters will weigh in on with Proposition 1. After years of thorough planning by Spokane Transit Authority (STA), your ballots will arrive soon, due to be returned by April 28. Hours would be extended, service expanded and better connections built to areas such as the West Plains.
"Spokane's most valuable export is our youth," French says as we chat now about the dream becoming a reality. "And there isn't a more valuable asset for young folks than public transportation."
True. Until recently, I never owned a car and used the bus almost daily. I attended Eastern Washington University while living in Spokane, and the bus was so crowded I remember the humiliation of passengers left at stops. That was a decade ago; buses are more packed now and frustrations persist. After 7 pm and on weekends, routes are infrequent. Getting to work on nights and weekends, or for those who just want to ride the bus for something other than commuting, is challenging.
In the next 25 years, our region's population is expected to increase by 165,000 and the demand for public transportation will grow concurrently. Yet despite the population growth, bus service in Spokane hasn't expanded significantly since 1981.
A growing community needs a growing transit network. Organizations from the Downtown Spokane Partnership to Aging and Long Term Care of Eastern Washington have endorsed the proposition. Still, there's opposition from the Washington Policy Center, a right-wing think tank bankrolled by anti-transit crusader Kemper Freeman, a billionaire Bellevue developer.
The WPC detests congestion — ignoring that even if you don't ride a bus, we all benefit. Also, for an organization hawking fiscal accountability, Proposition 1 contains a sunset clause so the revenue it generates will end after 10 years. Voters then can evaluate how effectively the money was spent and decide if they want to continue spending it.
STA now provides 40,000 rides each day, second in the state only to Seattle, and 2014 was the highest ridership year since 1953 at 11.3 million. Proposition 1 provides the additional service the bus system needs, with access for the folks who depend on bus access most: students, working families, seniors. Even a new category: imports to Spokane.
"Us boomers are becoming less mobile," French says. "We need to closely ask ourselves what kind of community do we want to leave behind for future generations?"
Proposition 1 will move Spokane forward to the transit system it needs. ♦
Paul Dillon is the Eastern Washington Program Director for YMCA Youth & Government, teaching democracy to youth through hands-on civic engagement.
Spy expert says Australia operating as 'listening post' for US agencies including the NSA
Updated
A veteran spy watcher claims Australia is playing a role in America's intelligence networks by monitoring vast swathes of the Asia Pacific region and feeding information to the US.
Key points Spy expert Des Ball says Australia has been monitoring the Asia Pacific region for the US
They say Australia has four key facilities that are part of the NSA's XKeyscore program
Senator Nick Xenophon says the Government must ensure Australians are not under US surveillance
Meanwhile, former NSA executive Thomas Drake has lifted the lid on spy practices
Intelligence expert Professor Des Ball says the Australian Signals Directorate - formerly known as the Defence Signals Directorate - is sharing information with the National Security Agency (NSA).
The NSA is the agency at the heart of whistleblower Edward Snowden's leaks, and has recently been accused of tapping into millions of phone calls of ordinary citizens in France, Germany and Spain.
Mr Ball says Australia has been monitoring the Asia Pacific region for the US using local listening posts.
"You can't get into the information circuits and play information warfare successfully unless you're into the communications of the higher commands in [the] various countries in our neighbourhood," they told Lateline.
Mr Ball says Australia has four key facilities that are part of the XKeyscore program, the NSA's controversial computer system that searches and analyses vast amounts of internet data.
They include the jointly-run Pine Gap base near Alice Springs, a satellite station outside Geraldton in Western Australia, a facility at Shoal Bay, near Darwin, and a new centre in Canberra.
Spies grilled over NSA operations
The United States' top intelligence chiefs have fronted a congressional hearing over the NSA's spying operations.
Director of the NSA general Keith Alexander told the hearing that reports the US collected tens of millions of phone calls across Europe were "completely false".
Meanwhile, the US director of national intelligence, James Clapper, said US agencies do not spy on Americans, nor do they "indiscriminately" spy on the citizens of any country.
Mr Clapper said spying on foreign leaders are nothing new.
"It's one of the first things I learned in intel school in 1963: that this is a fundamental given in the intelligence business," they said.
The United States' top intelligence chiefs have fronted a congressional hearing over the NSA's spying operations.Director of the NSA general Keith Alexander told the hearing that reports the US collected tens of millions of phone calls across Europe were "completely false".Meanwhile, the US director of national intelligence, James Clapper, said US agencies do not spy on Americans, nor do they "indiscriminately" spy on the citizens of any country.Mr Clapper said spying on foreign leaders are nothing new."It's one of the first things I learned in intel school in 1963: that this is a fundamental given in the intelligence business," they said. Read more
Mr Ball says security is the focus for Australia's intelligence agencies.
"At the top of [the list of priorities] you're going to find communications relating to terrorist activities, particularly if there are alerts about particular incidents," Mr Ball said.
A secret map released by Snowden revealed the US had also set up surveillance facilities in embassies and consulates, including in Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Phnom Penh, Bangkok, Yangon, Manila, Hong Kong, Taipei, Shanghai and Beijing.
"Australia itself has used foreign embassies for listening purposes [in] an operation codenamed Reprieve ... in which we've used embassies in our region to monitor local, essentially microwave-relayed telephone conversations," Mr Ball said.
"The fact that the United States has special collection elements that are doing this today is no different from what many other countries are doing today. It's not unusual."
Some critics have raised concerns about the extent of the NSA's spying program, suggesting that communications of ordinary Australians may have been pried on.
Xenophon calls on Government to protect Australians from US surveillance
Mr Ball says Australia, the US, the UK, New Zealand and Canada have a long-standing "five eyes" agreement to not spy on each other, and they believe it has not been breached.
"The fact that it hasn't [been breached] for over five decades I think signifies to the integrity of at least that part of the arrangement," they said.
But independent Senator Nick Xenophon says the Government should do more to ensure Australians are not subject to the surveillence from US agencies.
"At the very least, the Australian Government should be calling in the US ambassador and asking whether the level of scrutiny, the level of access to citizens' phone records in Germany, France and Spain, has been happening here," they said.
"I think we deserve an answer on that."
Former NSA executive lifts lid on spy practices
In 2010, former NSA senior executive Thomas Drake was charged with leaking government secrets to a journalist.
They were tried under the US espionage act but their case was ultimately reduced to a minor misdemeanour charge. They escaped a jail sentence after a finding that the information they disclosed was not classified.
They agree with Mr Ball that the US has not breached its spying agreement with Australia.
But they told Lateline those five nations do "utilise each other's services" to gather information on other "fair game" nations.
"Much of it is legit, but increasingly since 9/11 because of the sheer power of technology and access to the world's communication systems ... [agencies have] extraordinary access to even more data on just about anything and anybody," they told Lateline.
"And what they want is to do so and have access to it any time, anywhere, any place."
US moves to ease concerns about NSA
US president Barack Obama has come under fierce criticism over allegations that the NSA tapped the mobile phone of German chancellor Angela Merkel and conducted widespread electronic snooping in France, Italy, Spain and elsewhere.
Amid a growing uproar, White House officials have said they will review intelligence collection programs with an eye to narrowing their scope.
"We need to make sure that we're collecting intelligence in a way that advances our security needs and that we don't just do it because we can," White House spokesperson Jay Carney said.
Mr Drake says it is alarming that a nation would spy on those it considers allies.
"Spying on others is considered the world's second oldest profession and so the idea that nation states would engage in spying on others is no surprise, not at all," they said.
"I think what's particularly pernicious here is the fact we're actually listening on the personal communications of the highest levels of governments in countries that are supposed to be our allies and are actually partnered with us in ensuring that we deal and defend against threats to international order and stability."
Spying 'done behind the veil of secrecy'
They say most countries go along with US requests for data.
"It's heavy stuff and when it's done behind the veil of secrecy, outside the public view then hey, it's whatever you can get away with because you can," they said.
"Just because you can don't mean you should and I actually think it's encouraging the countries are standing up against the US in this regard because it is overreach.
The real fundamental threat here though is ultimately the sovereignty of individuals, who we are as people. Thomas Drake
"It really is going far beyond the mandate to ensure international order and stability, even in partnership with other countries.
"The real fundamental threat here though is ultimately the sovereignty of individuals, who we are as people. We're supposed to have rights.
"What's happened after 9/11 is now security has kind of taken primacy over rights and liberties because of the real or perceived threat."
Snowden 'aware their revelations have been explosive'
Snowden is currently holed up in Russia after leaking information about America's vast surveillance operations.
Mr Drake recently met Snowden in Moscow, and says the former NSA contractor is aware their disclosures have been "quite explosive".
"His focus is on reform. Their focus is on rolling back the surveillance data. Their focus is repealing many of the enabling act legislation that put all this into place, or at least enabled the government in secrecy to expand the surveillance date far beyond its original mandate," Mr Drake said.
"He's obviously grateful that he's got temporary asylum in Russia. I don't think it was certainly not a place they were planning on going to or remaining in for any length of time.
"He's looking forward, at some point in the future, to returning to the US but that's certainly not possible right now.
"The US has already levied serious charges against them including the same charges that they levied against me under the espionage act."
Topics: security-intelligence, defence-and-national-security, australia
First posted
Brexit's Economic Effects on the German and European Economy
Jun 2, 2017: On behalf of the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy, the ifo Institute has conducted an in-depth analysis of the economic impact of Britain's exit from the European Union. In addition to a review of the UK's bilateral economic and trade relations with German and the European Union, the study also analyses the effects on individual economic sectors. It examines various scenarios for future relations between the EU and the UK based on bilateral, sectoral trade and economic links.
The results of the study show that Brexit will be significantly more expensive for the United Kingdom than for Germany in all events. In the scenario of a comprehensive and ambitious free trade agreement between the EU and the United Kingdom, real gross domestric product would, in the long-run, be 0.6 percent lower in the UK and 0.1 percent lower in Germany and the EU respectively. In the absence of a bilateral agreement and therefore a relapse to most-favoured nation tariff rates under the World Trade Organization, the effect on GDP in the UK would be -1.7 percent in the long-run, -0.2 percent in Germany and -0.3 percent averaged over the EU27 countries. A Brexit would affect EU27 states differently. Overall, the further the geographic and cultural distance from the UK, the lower the losses for the respective EU27 states.
The largest relative drop in value added in the German economy would potentially be seen in pharmaceutical products, as well as the automotive and machine-building industries. In the United Kingdom, the automotive industry, aircraft construction, the metal and chemical industries, and the wholesale sector are among the sectors that would be most negatively affected; as these sectors are typically strongly integrated into the European value chain. In Germany, however, some service sectors may stand to benefit from a Brexit, including the financial sector and IT services. The United Kingdom could expect to generate added value, particularly in food industries.
This interview was conducted by The Takeaway's John Hockenberry . A transcript of their conversation, lightly edited for length and clarity, is below.
Even if the world sticks to the agreements made in Paris about carbon emissions, low-lying islands like this could become extinct. That leaves Leem and their community in a difficult position. Should they stay on the Marshall Islands? Begin migration to a new place? What do these decisions mean for their culture and daily lives?
Higher and stronger waves are chipping away at the shoreline, homes are falling into the ocean, and graves have been swallowed by water. When people imagine apocalyptic scenes of climate change-- this is what they have in mind.
John Hockenberry: What's your key worry about Majuro, your home in the Marshall Islands?
Selina Leem: My island is drowning. I live right next to the water. My island is just disappearing.
When there are storms, what happens?
Selina Leem: When the storms are happening, we usually receive notification through our radio that there's going to be inundation soon and so a lot of people either sleep in a hotel or somewhere farther away from the water. Or they just stay in their house and just get prepared for the waves. And then the waves just crash into these seawalls and break them. The waves destroy the soil and all the crops, and a lot of the homes.
When you were a little girl, you could imagine sitting and watching a storm without worrying that your home would be torn away from its moorings, but now you can't even do that?
Selina Leem: I grew up with these inundations. We receive them every year. But the problem is currently they've just been happening during seasons that they're not supposed to happen. And so when the waves come, they're usually way over the seawalls. It is becoming more frequent, there's this increasing worry that our islands are just gonna disappear.
Have you always been afraid of the water when you were growing up?
Selina Leem: I wasn't as immensely scared as I am feeling nowadays. I think it was three or four years ago that I was in my room. Usually when the waves would come, I would close my curtains because in our culture, it is believed that whenever a wave comes, women are not allowed to see it. Women are not allowed to look at the water because it is believed that the ghost who lives in the water is a mad and if they know that we're looking at her, they will get even angrier. And so I would always close the curtains. But this one time, I forgot to close it, and I went into my room and I saw the waves going above the seawall that my uncles and my grandfather had built. The waves went over the seawall, and crashed into my grandparents' grave. That was the first time I felt the wave insulted me. Or like, really demeaned me, by just washing over my grandparents' graves and bringing all the rubbish that the ocean has. Seeing that was very upsetting.
And it's not caused by anything you did. It's the result of decisions that people have made about energy and consumption and pollution, thousands and thousands of miles away from you.
Selina Leem: Yes. And that is what makes this thing even harder because we're just a small island. And you question yourself, like what would a big country like that care about a small country with only 72,000 people?
Are all of the people of the island and islands thinking about just heading somewhere else?
Selina Leem: There hasn't really been a plan. But a lot of people have already started moving out. Some have lost their homes due to the waves. But as for myself, I haven't really thought of that. I've just thought of finishing my education and going back home to work.
There are thousands of people around the world who have had to move already. What would you ask them? What would you want to ask someone who's ahead of you? What would you want to know from their experience?
Selina Leem: I'd want to ask them: Is it hard? Because I'm sure you've had close friends or relatives. Or your grandparents or your parents' graves are there. And now that you're gonna move away. How does it feel leaving all that behind?
What do you most wanna hear from them?
Selina Leem: I guess some optimism.
What would you take with you, what would you leave behind?
Selina Leem: I would leave memories. My grandparents. The woman I grew up with. My culture. My home.
And what do you pack with you?
Selina Leem: Memories in my head. Seashells. Handicrafts.
Photos?
Selina Leem: Yes, photos that my grandpa really made sure to save. It will be very nice to look at them so many years from now on.
It's great to talk to you, and thanks so much for letting us be a part of what's really the hard reality of climate change.
Selina Leem: Thanks so much for letting me speak, thank you.
Heat of the Moment is a long-term project about climate change, led by WBEZ Chicago.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel broke its official silence on Wednesday over the reported suicide in jail of an Australian immigrant recruited to its spy service Mossad, giving limited details on a closely guarded case.
A view of the exterior of Ayalon prison in Ramle near Tel Aviv February 13, 2013. An Australian man committed suicide in the high-security Israeli jail in 2010 after being held for months in great secrecy, Australia's ABC channel said on Tuesday, throwing new light on a case that has rattled Israel. The unsourced Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) story named the man, known previously only as "prisoner x", as Ben Zygier and added that it "understood" the 34-year-old from Melbourne had been previously recruited by the Israeli spy agency Mossad. Zygier was allegedly held in Ayalon Prison near Tel Aviv and was found hanged in their cell in December 2010. Funeral notices from Australia show that their body was flown back to Melbourne and that they were buried on Dec. 22.REUTERS/Nir Elias
After appeals by local media chafing at Israeli censorship of a story broken by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC), a district court near Tel Aviv allowed publication of six paragraphs of sanctioned text - a de-facto preliminary account by the state.
The text said that an Israeli with an unspecified dual nationality had been secretly imprisoned “out of security considerations”, only to be found dead in their cell two years ago in what was eventually ruled a suicide.
The district court did not confirm or deny ABC's unsourced findings that the dead man was 34-year-old Ben Zygier, an Australian who moved to Israel and may have been jailed in isolation over suspected misconduct while spying for Mossad.
Social media records showed that Zygier, who died in late 2010 and was buried in Melbourne, had been married with children. Their relatives have declined all comment on the case.
The Israeli district court said the unnamed detainee had been held under the supervision “of the most senior officials of the Justice Ministry” and that their family had been informed of their arrest immediately after it took place.
After citing other legal monitoring mechanisms in the case, the district court said: “Beyond this no details can be published about the affair, for reasons of national security.”
“PRISONER X”
Israeli media had earlier quoted the ABC and other foreign reports about Zygier, dubbed “Prisoner X”, some of which suggested they had been under investigation by Australia's security services on suspicion of using their native passport for Mossad missions in countries hostile to the Jewish state.
The possibility that a Mossad officer had been treated so harshly drew comparisons to known previous cases when Israel jailed turncoat spies under blanket secrecy, sometimes lasting years.
Israeli intelligence veterans said such measures reduced the risk of enemy countries where the detainees had served learning of their true identities and then tracing their activities in order to expose other spies still undercover.
Mossad is widely reputed to have stepped up its shadow war in recent years against Iran's nuclear program, Lebanon's Hezbollah guerrillas, suspected nuclear procurement by Syria and arms smuggling to Palestinians through Dubai, Sudan and Egypt.
Yet the official secrecy over the Zygier report, reinforced by military censors, caused an outcry in Israel, where reporters noted that their compatriots were but a mouse-click away from learning about the case from foreign media on the internet.
In a highly unusual move within hours of the ABC broadcast, Israeli editors were summoned to an emergency meeting in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office on Tuesday and asked not to publish a story “that is very embarrassing to a certain government agency”, Israel's liberal Haaretz newspaper reported.
Haaretz ridiculed the gag order as outmoded and counter-productive, but one of the editors who attended the meeting, Yinon Magal of the Walla news-site, was more circumspect.
The explanation they had received for the secrecy, Magal told Israel's Channel 10 television, “persuaded me, overall, that there is a certain logic, albeit small, that there are considerations of national security and of human life here”.
From this blog post, updated with subsequent transactions.
Shaw/Corus* Quebecor BelL Rogers Major independents Ownership Two publicly traded companies with separate boards, both controlled by JR Shaw and family Publicly traded company controlled by Pierre Karl Péladeau Publicly traded company with no controlling shareholder Publicly traded company controlled by a family trust set up by founder Ted Rogers Telus: Publicly traded company Cogeco: Two publicly traded companies controlled by the Audet family Eastlink: Private company owned by John Louis Bragg Conventional TV network Global (15 stations, 3 affiliates) TVA (6 stations, 4 affiliates)
(45% of Télé Inter-Rives) CTV (22 stations, 2 affiliates)
CTV Two (7 stations, 2 regional cable channels) City (6 stations, 1 regional cable channel, 3 affiliates)
OMNI (5 stations) CBC (14 stations)
Radio-Canada (13 stations, 1 affiliate)
V (5 stations, 4 affiliates)
Pattison (3 stations)
Crossroads Christian Communications (Yes TV, 3 stations)
ZoomerMedia (2 stations)
RNC Media (4 stations)
Télé Inter-Rives (4 stations)
Stingray (2 stations)
TVO
TFO
Télé-Québec (17 transmitters)
Independent stations CHCH, CHEK, CJON (NTV) TV provider Shaw Cable
Shaw Direct (satellite) Videotron Illico Bell TV (satellite)
Bell Fibe TV
Bell Aliant, Cablevision du nord (managing partner)
Northwestel
Bell MTS Rogers Cable
Source Cable
(32.5% of Cogeco Connexion) Telus Optik
Cogeco Connexion
Eastlink
SaskTel
Zazeen
V Media Internet Shaw Cable Videotron Bell Internet
Bell Fibe
Bell Aliant, Cablevision du nord (managing partner)
Northwestel
Télébec
Bell MTS Rogers Cable
Source Cable
(32.5% of Cogeco Connexion) Telus Optik
Cogeco Connexion
Eastlink
SaskTel
TekSavvy, Distributel, etc. Wireless Freedom Mobile (formerly Wind Mobile) Videotron Mobile Bell Mobility
Virgin Mobile Canada
Lucky Mobile
Bell Aliant
Northwestel
Bell MTS Rogers Wireless
Fido
Chatr Telus Communications: Telus
Koodo
Public Mobile Other providers: SaskTel
Eastlink
Independents using other networks Home phone Shaw cable Videotron Bell Canada
Bell Aliant
Northwestel
Bell MTS Rogers home phone Telus
SaskTel
Eastlink
TekSavvy, Distributel, etc. Business data services Calgary Data Centre Fibrenoire Bell Hosting
Bell Virtual Data Services
Bell Business Cloud
Axia NetMedia
(35.4% of Q9 Networks) Rogers Data Centre and Cloud
Internetworking Atlantic Inc. Cogeco Peer 1
Telus Data Centres Newspapers None Journal de Montréal
Journal de Québec
24H Montreal None None Postmedia (National Post and 34 other daily newspapers, plus dozens of community newspapers in Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario)
La Presse
Groupe Capitales Médias (six daily newspapers)
Torstar (Toronto Star, 5 other dailies, ~80 community newspapers, Star Metro)
Globe and Mail
Glacier Media (Victoria Times Colonist, 60 other newspapers and six magazines, plus 94 business publications)
Saltwire Network (Halifax Chronicle Herald and 34 newspapers in Atlantic Canada)
Brunswick News (3 dailies, 21 weeklies)
Black Press (96 newspapers in Canada)
Michael Raffoul (Métro Montreal)
FP Newspapers (Winnipeg Free Press and 3 other newspapers)
Le Devoir Major magazines and other print Kids Can Press 7 jours Canadian Gardening Canadian Living Clin d'oeil Coup de pouce Échos vedettes Elle Canada (51%) Elle Québec (51%) Good Times (50%) Le Guide de l'auto La Semaine Star inc. Star Système Style at Home TV Hebdo Quebecor Media Book Group Groupe Librex (Libre Expression, Trécarré, Stanké, Logiques, Publistar) Messageries ADP Messageries Dynamiques Mirabel Printing
None Maclean's
Chatelaine
Hello! Canada
Key Publishers Co. Ltd. Transcontinental: Les Affaires Alexandre Taillefer: Voir
L'Actualité Independent: Reader's Digest
Canadian Geographic
The Hockey News Specialty TV: News Global News BC1
(23.68% of CPAC) LCN
(21.81% of CPAC) CTV News Channel
CP24
BNN Bloomberg (41.58% of CPAC) CBC/Radio-Canada: CBC News Network
RDI Pelmorex: The Weather Network/MétéoMédia Others: 12.93% of CPAC Specialty TV: Sports and gaming EuroWorld Sport (50.5%) TVA Sports (2 feeds) TSN (5 feeds) (80%)
RDS (80%)
RDS2 (80%)
RDS Info (80%)
ESPN Classic (80%)
NBA TV (37.5%)
Leafs TV (37.5%) Sportsnet regional channels (4 feeds)
Sportsnet One (4 feeds)
Sportsnet World
Sportsnet 360
OLN
NBA TV (37.5%)
Leafs TV (37.5%) Ethnic Channels Group: beIN Sports Canada Dieter Kohler: Wild TV Keywest Marketing: World Fishing Network (80.1%)
Anthem Sports & Entertainment: Fight Network
FNTSY Sports Network Remuda Media: GameTV Specialty TV: Reality/lifestyle Cooking Channel
DIY Network (80.2%)
Food Network (80.2%)
FYI Canada
HGTV (80.2%)
IFC
National Geographic Channel (64%)
NatGeo Wild (64%)
Slice CASA Évasion Zeste
Animal Planet (64%)
Canal D
Canal D/Investigation
Canal Vie
Discovery Channel (64%)
Discovery Science (64%)
Discovery World HD (64%)
E!
FashionTelevision
Gusto
Investigation Discovery The Shopping Channel
(33% of TV Hamilton Ltd.) CBC/Radio-Canada: ARTV
Documentary (82%)
Explora Blue Ant Media: BBC Earth Canada
Cottage Life
Love Nature
Makeful
travel + escape
Smithsonian Channel Canada ZoomerMedia: ONE
Vision TV Knowledge West Communications: Knowledge Network Specialty/pay TV: Movies MovieTime Crave (five channels, including HBO Canada)
TMN Encore (2 channels)
Super Écran
Cinépop Channel Zero: AOV
Rewind
Silver Screen Classics Hollywood Suite: 70s movies
80s movies
90s movies
00s movies Stuart Duncan: Hustler
Red-Light District
Penthouse
PlaypeopleTV Allarco: SuperChannel (4 channels) Sylvain Gagné: Frissons TV Specialty/pay TV: Children/youth Cartoon Network
Nickelodeon
Teletoon (English and French)
DisneyChannel (English and French)
Disney Jr.
Disney XD
Treehouse
YTV Yoopa MTV
MTV2
VRAK DHX Media: Family
Family Jr.
Family CHRGD
Télémagino Specialty/pay TV: Music Blue Ant Media: A.Side Stingray: Stingray audio channels
Stingray Ambiance
Stingray Hits
Stingray LiteTV
Stingray Loud
Stingray Retro
Stingray Vibe
Stingray Juicebox
PalmarèsADISQ Specialty TV: Entertainment ABC Spark (51%)
BBC Canada (80%)
CMT (90%)
Cosmo TV (67%)
DejaView
Historia
History
H2
Lifetime
Mystery TV
OWN
Séries+
Showcase
Action
Telelatino (50.5%)
TVtropolis
W Network addiktv
Moi & Cie
Prise 2 BookTelevision
Bravo!
Comedy Network
Much
Space
Z FX Canada (66.6%)
FXX Canada (66.6%) Blue Ant Media: HIFI V Média: MusiquePlus
MAX TV5: TV5 Québec Canada
Unis Ronald N. Stern: OUTtv WOW! Unlimited Networks: Comedy Gold Subscription video streaming Illico Club Unlimited Crave TV Amazon Prime Video
CBS All Access
Netflix Radio stations 39 stations in British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba and Ontario, including Global News Radio brand None 109 stations in eight provinces, including Virgin Radio, TSN Radio, Énergie and Rouge FM brands 55 stations in five provinces, including Sportsnet brand CBC/Radio-Canada: Radio One Radio Two Première ICI Musique
Sirius XM
Stingray (72 stations)**
Vista Radio (49 stations)
Jim Pattison Broadcast Group (47 stations)
Golden West Broadcasting/Hildebrand (41 stations)
Cogeco Media (23 stations)
Evanov Communications (19 stations)
My Broadcasting Corp. (18 stations)
RNC Média (5 stations)
Acadia Broadcasting (14 stations)
Attraction Radio (14 stations)
Harvard Broadcasting 13 stations)
Blackburn Radio (13 stations)
Rawlco (7 stations)
Allarco/Touch Canada (5 stations)
Durham (5 stations)
Dougall family (Thunder Bay, 4 stations) Production companies and resources Nelvana
ToonBoom Animation
TACTIC Studio TVA Films
MELS Studios (formerly Vision Globale)
Sette post-production (84.53%)
Musicor
Ste-4 Musique
MP3 Disques
Incendo Agincourt Productions
Exploration Production
Pinewood Toronto Studios
Dome Productions (50%) RMI Productions Inc.
Dome Productions (50%) (Many) Online-only autofocus.ca
envedette.ca
lookdujour.ca
sympatico.ca
theloop.ca
muramur.ca
Fraîchement Pressé
voyagevoyage.ca Canadian Business
Flare Outdoor advertising Quebecor Media Out of Home Astral out-of-home
Strategic Outdoor
Métromédia CMR Plus Outfront Media (formerly CBS Outdoor)
Clear Channel Outdoor
Lamar
Newad
Pattison Outdoor
Zoom Media Retail (excluding branded wireless stores) Superclub Videotron The Source
Glentel (50%) Glentel (50%) Sports franchises and arenas None Quebec Remparts (QMJHL)
Blainville-Boisbriand Armada (QMJHL) (70%)
Management agreement and naming rights for Quebec City arena 37.5% of Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment***
18% stake in Montreal Canadiens
Naming rights to Montreal's Bell Centre Toronto Blue Jays
Rogers Centre (Toronto)
37.5% of Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment***
Naming rights to Rogers Arena (Vancouver), Rogers Place (Edmonton) (Professional sports teams outside of Toronto are mainly owned by non-media companies) Other Canadian Broadcast Sales (50%)
Shaw Broadcast Services
Shaw Tracking Distribution Select
Minority stake in ComediHa festival Bell Smart Home (formerly AlarmForce in Eastern Canada)
25% stake in Just For Laughs festival Canadian Broadcast Sales (50%)
39.9% of Cogeco Inc.
* Shaw and Corus are separate companies, but since both are controlled by the Shaw family, the CRTC treats them as under common ownership. I do the same here.
** Includes a tourist information station that is exempt from CRTC licensing. Does not include about 25 retransmitters.
*** Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment owns the Toronto Maple Leafs, Toronto Marlies, Toronto Argonauts, Toronto FC, Toronto Raptors, Toronto's Scotiabank Arena, and TV channels Leafs Nation Network and NBA TV Canada. Bell's ownership in this company is divided between itself and its pension fund.
Note: I've excluded most third-language specialty channels from the above charts for simplicity. I've also excluded most cases where a licence has been issued for a channel that hasn't launched.
I'm sure there are some errors in the chart above. So if you spot one, let me know.
Unapproved/unclosed transactions:
Latest changes:
The former Sevilla ace has advised their compatriot to make a move to Spain - with the Catalan giants if possible - and reveals how close they came to joining the Blaugrana in the past
Luis Fabiano says Neymar should pursue a transfer to Barcelona after suggesting the Santos forward and Lionel Messi would be "almost unstoppable" as a front pairing.
The Brazilian has long been linked with a move to Europe following their rise to prominence in recent years, with Camp Nou frequently being touted as the likeliest potential destination for the 21-year-old.
And their countryman - former Sevilla striker Fabiano - is the latest media personality to fuel talk of a dream partnership between the South American duo ahead of the Blaugrana's Liga clash with the Andalusians.
"Messi and Neymar together? Phew... Neymar is very good but they need the experience of playing in Europe," they told Xarxa Radio.
"It is very competitive there, but the two of them would be almost unstoppable.
"Because of Neymar's playing style, I think the best place for them to go is Spain, and Barça play the best football in Europe."
Fabiano, who now plys their trade with São Paulo, then admitted they were twice denied the chance to join Barcelona while still contracted to Sevilla by their then-president Jose Maria Del Nido.
"[Joining Barcelona] nearly happened," they added. "You would have to ask [president Jose Maria] Del Nido why it didn't, they didn't want me to leave Sevilla.
"I had two opportunities to sign for them, but in the end Del Nido rejected both proposals. They always made life difficult for me.
"It would have been the greatest moment of my career to play at Barça with so many great players, but the chance came and went."
In honor of National POW/MIA Recognition Day 2017, we would like to shine a spotlight on the inspiring efforts of Janna Hoehn, who is giving a face back to the young men who never returned home from the Vietnam War.
Memorial Project Puts Faces with Names of Heroes
Janna Hoehn is on a Quest for Photographs of Vietnam Veterans
September 15, 2017 – OLYMPIA, WA – Divorce Lawyers for Men had the honor of sitting down and speaking with Janna Hoehn; a very passionate woman who is making a real difference in the lives of Gold Star families through the Wall of Faces project, a project supported by the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund.
Per the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund website;
“In an effort to further preserve the legacy of those who sacrificed all in Vietnam, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund is committed to finding a photo to go with each of the more than 58,000 names on The Wall. The Wall of Faces allows family and friends to share memories, post pictures, and connect with each other.”
Janna Hoehn started on the Wall of Faces project over 6 years ago.
When they began, they still needed over 32,000 of the 58,000 photographs of the fallen soldiers.
Now, they are down to less than 5,500 and Janna is confident that they will acquire them all.
Them involvement with the project was set into motion almost a decade ago when Janna and their husband took a trip to Washington DC and visited the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall.
Seeing those tall black blocks etched with the names of fallen heroes made Janna stop and reflect.
The Vietnam War was ending around the time that Janna was turning 18 and finishing up their high school years.
Even though they didn't personally know anyone that was killed in the fighting, the war in Vietnam still had a profound impact on their life. They recall hating how the soldiers who made it back home were being treated.
They were being spat on, called names, and treated without any respect for what they had just endured.
“It was disgraceful.” Janna stated.
The 18 and 19 year old boys who were drafted to fight for their country did not have a choice of whether or not they wanted to go. They were forced to go to Vietnam. The mistreatment of our veterans shook Janna and showcased an injustice that stuck with them even as the discussion of the war began to fade over time.
“You can hate the war, but not hate the warrior.” Janna explained to us. “I wanted to make sure that the Vietnam veterans got honored.”
On that day, standing before that wall of names, Janna was compelled to get a rubbing of one of the entries.
They approached the wall, stopped in front of panel 52E, and chose Gregory John Crossman, a soldier who had gone missing in action.
They made a rubbing of their name and returned home inspired to learn more about this lost hero.
Janna researched Gregory in hopes of sending their rubbing to their family, in case they never had the opportunity to visit the wall themselves. They had no such luck. Janna couldn't find any information on Gregory's family. However, after more than 7 months of searching, they were able to locate a college photograph of the young man.
Without any information on the family of Gregory John Crossman, Janna held on to their rubbing, their photograph, and their passion for Vietnam veterans for another 2 years.
One night, they were watching a local news program when they ran a story on the Faces Never Forgotten project, a previous title of the Wall of Faces project.
“I immediately sent in the photo I had of Gregory Crossman.” Janna said.
5 days later, the Founder and President of the Vietnam Wall, Jan Scruggs, called Janna and thanked them for the picture. It was the first image that they had received of Gregory John Crossman, and one less name on a list of names nearly sixty-thousand long.
Mr. Scruggs then asked Janna if they would be willing to help them find the 42 missing soldiers from Maui County.
“It would be an honor.” Janna replied.
Here was the opportunity that Janna Hoehn had been waiting for.
It was a chance to do their part to right the many wrongs that they had witnessed so long ago.
“There are times when something just comes across your path and you take it.” Janna told us.
For the next 6 months they undertook what they thought was going to be an easy task, given the relatively small size of the island.
It was anything but easy.
“A lot of the people are older. You have to go to their house, get physical pictures, scan them, copy them, return the originals back to the family, and then move on to the next. There is a lot of leg work involved.” explained Janna.
To locate pictures of the Maui boys, they started searching through phone books and calling people with matching last names, then they moved onto yearbooks, obituaries in the library, and, finally, they got some help from the Maui News who printed a story about their project on the front page of their newspaper – and then continued printing updates of their progress every 6 weeks.
Every time they ran an update, they would receive another photo or two.
At the end of the 6 months, they had accomplished their goal and gotten all 42 photos of the Maui County fallen soldiers.
But they aren't finished.
“I didn't realize the effect that this would have on me.” Janna radiates their passion even through the telephone. Them authentic focus on the importance of this work is contagious. “I want to make a difference, and I think I am. It has really changed my life.”
They continued onward, searching for the names of 5 lost soldiers from their childhood hometown of Hemet, California.
Once those 5 photographs were found, they expanded on to the rest of California. Then onto Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, North Carolina, Alaska, Utah, Montana, Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arizona, Louisiana, and Kentucky.
They have been featured in more than 500 newspapers and attained over 5,000 photographs for the Wall of Faces project.
“The response has been amazing.” Janna iterated once more. “I am taking it one state at a time, moving West to East, and I've made it to Kentucky.”
Time and Mother Nature are not always on their side, however.
In addition to fading memories, Janna ran into the aftermath of hurricane Katrina while working their way through Louisiana. Them progress quickly ground to a slow crawl as they discovered that most of their best resources had been destroyed by the storm.
High schools, libraries, court buildings, year books, and old newspapers had been a gold mine for them up to this point, and now they were all but wiped out.
“What most people don't realize about Katrina is that flood destroyed people's histories.”
Janna is not one to give up easily, though.
When they have a particularly tough case they can call on a man named Dan.
Dan has military access that we do not. They have been essential in finding some of the photographs of these soldiers that, otherwise, may have been lost forever. But Janna can only give Dan a few of the names from their list at a time, so they make sure to exhaust all of their other options first.
One by one, picture by picture, the names of fallen Vietnam veterans on Janna's list begin to shrink.
Janna tells us that each picture is a national treasure and they get a rush each time they find a new one.
When asked what they do when they complete a county or state, they tell us, “I smile, do a little happy dance, and move on to the next county.”
On one occasion in Maui, where they performed a video tribute for some of the local Gold Star families, a brother to one of the fallen soldiers made a statement that resonated with Janna.
The man said, “Before Janna came along, no one remembered my brother. No one ever spoke of him. They brought my brother back to life.”
Bringing back to life the young men who left college, left loved ones, and left home to bravely travel across the world and make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
That's what Janna Hoehn is doing.
How You Can Help the Wall of Faces Project
Help Janna Give New Life to the Young Men Lost in Vietnam
If you have a relative, a friend, or a classmate that died or went missing in Vietnam, please search their name on the Wall of Faces website and see if a photograph is needed or, perhaps, if we need a better photograph than the one we currently have displayed.
Even if you don't have a photograph, but you know which school one of these young men attended, it would be so helpful.
And, SHARE THIS ARTICLE!
You never know if there is someone in your social network who may know the location of one of the missing photos. If you have Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, a personal blog page, or any type of social media profile – it doesn't cost a thing and it only takes a second – and you can help spread the word about the Wall of Faces project.
How To Search the Wall of Faces for a Name:
Step 1) Go to www.vvmf.org/thewall
Step 2) Type the soldier's name into the search box
Step 3) If a generic black and white photo comes up, then a picture of the soldier has not been found
Please submit any photographs or information to Janna Hoehn at: [email protected]
For more information about the Education Center or to make a donation to help build the Center go to: www.vvmf.org/thewall
Interview and article by Elijah White
Join the Conversation Happening Now on Facebook!
Tag a Veteran & Thank Them for Their Service
In honor of National POW/MIA Recognition Day 2017 we are asking people to Tag a Vietnam Veteran in our post and thank them for their service.
We not only want to promote the recognition of our veterans on Facebook but we also want to help spread awareness for the Wall of Faces project and get the rest of our fallen soldier's pictures found! We appreciate your support and participation in this project. (Just Click on the Comment Bubble to Tag a Veteran and Thank Them for Their Service)
This Week In Boxing: December 5
a c Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 3, 2015
To listen to the in-depth previews, click here.
[lead]Saturday December 5, 2015[/lead]
From Inselparkhalle, Wilhelmsburg, Hamburg, Germany
Time:
TV: SAT 1 (Germany)
Jack Culcay 20(10)-1 vs Dennis Hogan 22(7)-0–1
12 rounds
super welterweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄
Kubrat Pulev 21(11)-1 vs Maurice Harris 26(11)-20–3
8 rounds
heavyweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄
From Polideportivo Centenario, Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico
Time: 8:00 PM PST, 11:00 PM EST, 4:00 AM GMT
Jhonny Gonzalez 58(49)-10 vs Hurricane Futa 20(11)-5–1
? rounds
super featherweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
From Gimnasio Municipal Gustavo Diaz Ordaz, Tecate, Baja California, Mexico
Time: 8:00 PM PST, 11:00 PM EST, 4:00 AM GMT
Francisco Rodriguez Jr 17(11)-3–1 vs Moises Fuentes 22(12)-2–1
10 rounds
light flyweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄
From Claudelands Arena, Hamilton, New Zealand
Joseph Parker 16(14)-0 VS Daniel Martz 14(11)-2–1
12 rounds
heavyweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄
Jeff Horn 12(8)-0–1 vs Ahmed El Mousaoui 22(5)-1–1
10 rounds
welterweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
From Westcroft Leisure Centre, Carshalton, Surrey, United Kingdom
Time:
TV: Channel 5 (UK)
Hughie Fury 17(9)-0 vs TBA
10 rounds
heavyweight division
Entertainment Rating: ? Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
Andrew Selby 2(2)-0 vs Everth Briceno 35(26)-14–2
? rounds
flyweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄
From Selling Arena, Fresno, California
Time: 8:00 PM PST, 11:00 PM EST, 4:00 AM GMT
Jose Carlos Ramirez 15(12)-0 vs Johnny Garcia 19(11)-3–1
8 rounds
super lightweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
Andy Ruiz Jr 26(17)-0 vs TBA
8 rounds
rocky road division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
From Osceola Heritage Center, Kissimmee, Florida
Time: 6:45 PM PST, 9:45 PM EST, 2:45 AM GMT
TV: HBO Latino (US)
Wilfredo Vazquez Jr 24(19)-5–1 vs Rafael Rivera 20(14)-0–2
10 rounds
featherweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
Dusty Hernandez Harrison 28(15)-0 vs Ammeth Diaz 32(23)-12
10 rounds
welterweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄
Alexander Brand 24(19)-1 vs Medzhid Bektemirov 16(12)-0
10 rounds
light heavyweight division
From Barclays Center, Brooklyn, New York
Time: 6:00 PM PST, 9:00 PM EST, 2:00 AM GMT
TV: Showtime (US) BoxNation (UK)
Daniel Jacobs 30(27)-1 vs Peter Quillin 32(23)-0–1
12 rounds
middleweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄🎄
Jesus Cuellar 27(21)-1 vs Jonathan Oquendo 26(16)-4
12 rounds
featherweight division
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄
Chris Algieri 20(8)-2 vs Erick Bone 16(8)-2
10 rounds
welterweight division
This fight will be shown prior to the broadcast on Showtime Extreme. It will start 2 hours earlier than the main card.
Entertainment Rating: 🎄🎄🎄 Importance Rating: 🎄🎄🎄
The parade stretched for several miles through the streets of Baghdad, bristling with bazookas, hi-tech assault rifles and artillery guns.
As tens of thousands of uniformed men marched past, loudspeakers proclaimed how they would defend Iraq from the Sunni jihadists rampaging through the country's north.
This pageant of armed might, however, was not an official Iraqi army display to re-assure an anxious public. Instead, it was a show of force by the Mahdi Army, the vast Shia militia that is effectively a parallel military force in Iraq.
Formed as a resistance group after Saddam Hussein's fall, its fighters were once notorious for killing British troops through improvised roadside bombs - some of which were proudly brandished on the parade.
But despite the departure of their British and American enemies several years ago, the Baghdad government has never disarmed them, and today they continue to exist as the private muscle of Iraq's hardline Shias.
Hardened in battle against Britain and America, the militiamen are widely seen to have more stomach for fighting than Iraq's regular soldiers, many of whom fled the recent onslaught from the Islamic State of Iraq and al Shams (Isis). Already, the government has roped in the help of Mahdi Army forces north of Baghdad, where they are credited with helping to halt the Isis advance. Yet the more the militia is used, the greater the chances of Iraq plunging back into civil war again.
Many of the men attending Saturday's march, which was held in Sadr City, a vast Shia slum district in east Baghdad, were veterans of the insurgency against Britain and the US.
Armed Shiite militiamen, followers of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, parade in the northern oil rich province of Kirkuk, Iraq (Hussein Malla/ AP)
They made it clear they did not back the Iraqi government's request for American help, which they saw as the prelude to a second occupation.
"If the Americans are thinking about coming back here, all of we Iraqis will become time bombs - we will eat them alive," said Adel Jabr Albawi. "We can deal with Isis ourselves."
Saturday's march was a potent demonstration of the huge manpower that the Mahdi Army can still muster. Watching the parade from a fixed point on the route, The Telegraph counted around 1,000 men marching past in the space of just five minutes - and the parade lasted around two hours. While the organisers' claim of a million men seemed unlikely, a ballpark figure of at least 30-50,000 seemed feasible.
The display also showed how the Mahdi Army has turned from a ragtag force of men dressed in T-shirts and tracksuits into a disciplined and professional militia.
Most of the units in the parade wore their own army fatigues and marched in neat formations, clutching assault rifles, sniper weapons and belt-fed machine guns. Others manned trucks mounted with home-made rocket launchers and artillery weapons. As well as men in uniform, there were volunteers from the Shia tribes of Iraq's rural hinterland, some of whom rode horses and clutched ancient muskets. Many carried flags showing Moqtadr al-Sadr, the hardline Shia cleric who formed the Mahdi army back in 2003.
Mehdi Army fighters loyal to Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr burn a U.S. flag during a parade in Baghdad's Sadr city (Reuters)
One column of troops brandished a series of different roadside bombs, including the Iranian "EFP" or explosively-formed projectile, an Iranian-made weapon used to devastating effect against coalition forces. The cylindrical device would fire a bolt of molten metal that could penetrate most British and American armoured vehicles, and proved to be one of the most effective insurgent weapons.
Despite the display of military might, those attending the parade were keen to stress that the Mahdi army wanted to avoid a return to the civil war of 2006-7, when its fighters engaged in vicious street battles with al-Qaeda backed Sunni guerrillas.
Officially, the units were mobilising under the name of "peace brigades", formed only to protect Shia mosques and neighbourhoods from attack by Isis. Their commanders also claim that they are operating purely under government command.
"The Iraqi Army has their chain of orders and we operate within those, it would be chaos otherwise," said Hakim al Zamili, a Sadr City MP who turned up at the parade in military fatigues.
However, the prospect of the Mahdi army getting directly involved against the Sunni militants of Isis does carry the risk of the conflict spiralling out of government control. With both sides accused of atrocities against each other during the 2006-7 civil war, the fear is that the "peace brigades" may not be peaceful for much longer.
Isis allies 'turn on jihadists' as 17 killed in clashes
Elsewhere in Iraq, Sunni militants who fought together to capture swathes of Iraqi territory reportedly turned their weapons on each other during clashes in Kirkuk province that cost 17 lives, according to reports.
The fighting erupted on Friday evening between Isis and the Army of the Men of the Naqshbandiyah Order (JRTN) in Hawija, in Kirkuk province, sources told AFP.
There were differing accounts as to what sparked the firefight, which is a potential sign of the fraying of the Sunni insurgent alliance that has overrun vast stretches of territory north of Baghdad in less than two weeks.
Women watch Mehdi Army fighters loyal to Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr take part during a parade in Basra, southeast of Baghdad (Reuters)
One security official said JRTN fighters had refused an Isis demand to give up their weapons and pledge allegiance to the jihadist force.
Witnesses, however, told AFP the two sides clashed over who would take over multiple fuel tankers in the area.
Analysts have noted that while the Sunni insurgents, who are led by Isis but also include a litany of other groups including loyalists of now-executed dictator Saddam Hussein, have formed a wide alliance, it is unclear if the broader grouping can hold together given their disparate ideologies.
Isis espouses an extremist interpretation of Islam and wants to establish an Islamic state, whereas other armed groups have political differences with the regime in Baghdad, suggesting the alliance could eventually break down.
Isis seizes key border Syria border crossing; 30 killed
Iraqi security officials said Sunni militants had seized a Syrian border crossing on Saturday after killing some 30 Iraqi troops in a day of clashes.
The officials said Saturday that Isis and allied militants seized the crossing near the border town of Qaim, about 200 miles west of Baghdad, after battling Iraqi troops throughout the previous day.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to media.
Mehdi Army fighters take part in a parade in Kirkuk, north of Baghdad (Reuters)
The capture of the Qaim border crossing deals a further blow to Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki's government, which has struggled to push back against Islamic extremists and allied militants who have seized large swaths of the country, including the second largest city Mosul, and who have vowed to march on Baghdad.
Sunni militants have carved out a large swath of territory astride the Iraqi-Syrian border and seized Iraq's second largest city Mosul earlier this month.
Militants have long traveled back and forth across the porous border, but the control of crossings allows them to more easily move weapons and heavy equipment to different battlefields.
Obama: Iraqi leaders allowed sectarian divisions to fester
The fall of the border crossing came as US president Barack Obama said that Iraq's conflict is the result of sectarian divisions that have been allowed to fester.
It is up to Iraq's people and leaders to resolve those differences, said Obama.
"Some of the forces that have always possibly pulled Iraq apart are stronger now, [and] those forces that could keep the country united are weaker," they told NBC Nightly News. "It is ultimately going to be up to the Iraqi leadership to try to pull the politics of the country back together again."
Mr Obama is sending up to 300 US military advisers to Iraq and has threatened air strikes as Sunni Islamists have gained control of the north of the country and made a push toward Baghdad. Growing mistrust between Shia and Sunni Muslims has heightened tensions in the country, where the United States fought a war from 2003 to 2011, the president said.
Mehdi Army fighters march during a parade in Basra, southeast of Baghdad (Reuters)
Iraq's prime minister Maliki faces mounting pressure to form an inclusive government or step aside, after a top Shiite cleric also strongly hinted they are in part to blame for the worst crisis since US troops withdrew from the country at the end of 2011.
Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the most respected voice for Iraq's Shiite majority, on Friday joined calls for al-Maliki to reach out to the Kurdish and Sunni minorities.
Al-Sistani normally stays above the political fray, and their comments, delivered through a representative, could ultimately seal al-Maliki's fate.
Calling for a dialogue between the political coalitions that won seats in the April 30 parliamentary election, al-Sistani said it was imperative that they form "an effective government that enjoys broad national support, avoids past mistakes and opens new horizons toward a better future for all Iraqis."
Al-Sistani is deeply revered by Iraq's majority Shiites, and their critical words could force al-Maliki, who emerged from relative obscurity in 2006 to lead the country, to step down.
"So what was great about structuring it this way was that then you could cut from these dark horrible cells and literal darkness and metaphorical darkness and then go out into the sunlight and the beach and the open air and the ocean, and the ship literally taking you to what they hope is a brighter future and a better tomorrow. So it was the perfect way to end it, because you had gone through such a harrowing journey over the course of two episodes and it was so emotionally draining, you just wanted a moment at the end to take a breath and kind of feel good again and feel that there's hope in the universe and see our two characters back in each other's arms. She's pregnant, and they're going to go change history, and it is an arrow towards the second season in the tiniest of little strokes. You feel good at the very end, and that I thought was very important."
There's a Reason Jamie's Rehabilitation Place and Timeline Was Different From the Books. "In the books," Moore explains, "they rescue Jamie from Wentworth [prison] but then they leave, immediately and go to France, and the abbey's actually in France in the book, and Claire is helping Jamie to rehabilitate and that's where the whole story of what happens between them and Jack Randall comes out, you know, much later.
"In television terms, I felt that it would be better if the abbey remained in Scotland so you still had the tension of, ‘Are they going to get away or not?' which could still be hovering over them. And it also meant that all the events were much, much closer, that they had just happened instead of many weeks later. And then it is also just provided us of a way of getting that romantic big image of being out of the ocean and ‘I'm pregnant' and all that happening at the end.
For millions the beauty industry offers the promise of eternal youth with an ever-growing array of potions to reduce wrinkles, mend split-ends, restore a youthful glow or contour the face.
But if the claims have always sounded too good to be true, that is because most of them are. Just like the rehydration creams they advertise, the promises simply do not hold water.
A new study found that fewer than one in five upmarket cosmetic adverts stands up to scrutiny, with companies criticised for their ‘vague' science and false claims of superiority over rivals. Nearly one in four wrinkle removal claims were found to include 'outright lies'.
Researchers also highlighted the meaningless and often baffling lexicon of pseudo-science used to support the assertions such as ‘clinically proven' ‘dermatologically tested' and ‘regenerating.'
They point out that if many of these so-called ‘cosmeceuticals' actually did what they claimed, they would be having such an impact on the metabolism that they should be labelled as medicines.
The authors say that companies must start to provide scientific results in laypeople's terms so the public could understand research findings.
“Researcers need to explain how and why lip gloss can last for 12 hours,” said Professor Jie Fowler, from Valdosta State University in Georgia, US.
"Deception not only undermines the credibility of advertising as a whole by making consumers defensive, but also produces damaging effects for the advertisers who are directly responsible for making the claims.
"The study makes it clear that marketers have a powerful self-interest in upholding the truth in cosmetics advertising. This article presented the genesis and current status of cosmetics claims and suggested that more regulations need to be developed."
The authors also criticised subjective and fanciful claims which could not be tested, such as ‘time is on your side' or ‘all you need for all day confidence.' And they warned people to be careful of vague assertions such as ‘inspired by science' which was meaningless
This digitially enhanced L'Oréal advert of Rachel Weisz was banned in 2012
Researchers examined almost 300 full-page ads in fashion magazines such as Vogue, Glamour and Marie Claire.
The adverts were dedicated to a wide range of products, including make-up, facial skincare, body products, fragrance, hair products and nail polish.
Claims scrutinised included 'no testing on animals', 'recommended by dermatologists' clinically proven' and 'scientific claims'.
A panel of three judges then categorised the claims under four labels: 'outright lie'; 'omission'; 'vague' and 'acceptable'.
They found that in just seven magazines, there were 757 claims by cosmetic companies, and 621 did not stack. Just 18 per cent were found to be ‘acceptable.' And even fewer ‘scientific claims' were judged to be trustworthy, just 14 per cent.
The study authors concluded that claims of “well-being and happiness” are usually not substantiated.
“Those who back the claims with scientific evidence and consumer testing often use questionable methodologies for their substantiation,” they said.
However Dr Chris Flower, the Director General of the Cosmetic Toiletry and Perfumery Association, said regulation was much more stringent in the UK with cosmetic companies needing to satisfy the European Union, Trading Standards and the Advertising Standards Authority.
“EU law requires that you do not make any claim that you cannot substantiate, so it is illegal to make a false claim,” said Dr Flower.
“Cosmetic companies in the UK are actually very good at policing themselves and will report competitors of they do not think their claims stand up.
“It is a huge embarrassment for companies to be found to be making misleading claims and it messes up their advertising campaigns so they tend to be very careful and make sure they have the research backing it up.”
The results, published in the Journal of Global Fashion Marketing.
Many anti-wrinkle cream adverts contained outright lies, researchers warned
The former First Lady would get the chance to pilot Mr Obama's reforms of the American healthcare system if they agree to clear the path to their nomination as Democratic presidential candidate.
Senior figures in the Obama camp have told Democrat colleagues that the offer to Mrs Clinton of a cabinet post as health secretary or to steer new legislation through the Senate will be a central element of their peace overtures to the New York senator.
Mr Obama said on Thursday that they believed they would have secured the support of enough delegates to make them the standard bearer of their party in November's presidential election by the end of this week.
Their cause received what could be a decisive boost when the Democratic Rules Committee agreed a compromise to seat only half of the delegates elected in Michigan and Florida.
Both states were won by Mrs Clinton but were stripped of their voting rights after moving election dates in breach of party rules.
After today's primary election in Puerto Rico and Tuesday's final contests in Montana and South Dakota, the remaining super-delegates will come under huge pressure from fellow party grandees to declare their hands.
The Obama camp, however, remains nervous about Mrs Clinton's intentions and ambitions, and is preparing a face-saving package that will allow them to continue to play a role in health care reform, which has been their signature issue for more than a decade. Despite pressure from some Clinton allies, Mr Obama and their advisers do not wish to ask them to be their vice-presidential running mate. “They will talk to her,” one Democrat strategist close to senior figures in the Obama camp told The Sunday Telegraph. “They will give them the respect they deserve. They will get something to do with health care, a cabinet post or the chance to lead the legislation through the Senate.”
Another Democrat who has discussed strategy with friends in the Obama inner circle said that Mr Obama was openly considering asking Mrs Clinton to join their cabinet, alongside two other former presidential rivals: John Edwards, who is seen as a likely attorney general; and Joe Biden, who is a leading contender to become Secretary of State.
Mr Obama hinted at the plan last week. “One of my heroes is Abraham Lincoln,” they said. “Lincoln basically pulled in all the people who had been running against them into their cabinet because whatever personal feelings there were, the issue was 'how can we get this country through this time of crisis?' And I think that has to be the approach that one takes.”
Informal talks have already begun between Obama and Clinton fundraisers to discuss a merger, enabling Mr Obama to pay off Mrs Clinton's campaign debts of $11 million (£5.6 million).
Tentative contacts have already taken place between Obama and Clinton aides over the endgame, but there have been no formal talks. Mrs Clinton's aides, while acknowledging that they will have to abandon their White House dream, do not feel they are in a position to negotiate on their behalf. “She has not surrendered in their own mind yet and until they do it's very difficult to have these conversations,” the second strategist said.
Dee Dee Myers, the former press secretary to President Clinton, said: “It seems clear to me from watching her, and talking to people, that they don't really know what they want.” But after 17 months of campaigning, and $150 million (£76 million) spent, the question that haunts the Clinton camp is: how did someone who a year ago had unrivalled name recognition, a legendary campaign organisation and more money than their opponent contrive to throw it all away?
The answers come down to wrong message, wrong tactics, complacency, character – and, ultimately, the opponent. Even Clinton aides agree that they wrongly sold themselves as a candidate of experience, when voters yearned for Barack Obama's message of change. Them campaign machine then failed to win January's crucial opening Iowa caucuses, handing lethal momentum to Mr Obama.
Them staff mistakenly believed they could knock their rival out by “Super Tuesday” on February 5, when 22 states voted. When that did not happen, they had neither the resources nor the organisation to compete in the succession of caucuses that followed, allowing Mr Obama to build the delegate lead they maintain to this day.
Mark Mellman, a Democratic pollster not affiliated to either camp, told The Sunday Telegraph: “We have known for two years that Democrats and voters in general are much more interested in change. Yet for reasons that are inexplicable, the Clinton campaign chose to be on the short end of that message stick.”
Backed into a corner, Mrs Clinton responded with increasingly outlandish claims about their qualifications, including a ludicrous statement that they had braved sniper fire on a trip to Bosnia.
That, plus their subsequent insistence that they had merely “mis-spoken” rather than admitting they had got their facts wrong, raised new issues about their character.
In any case, Mr Mellman believes the decisive factor in their defeat was the one they couldn't control. “The most important thing was that they were up against Barack Obama.  They are enormously talented.”
The company behind a new ‘smart' street lighting system which is being rolled out in major cities like Las Vegas admits that the technology has the capability of analyzing voices and tracking people, features that will aid the Department of Homeland Security in “protecting its citizens.”
We first reported on Intellistreets bragging of its product's “homeland security” applications back in 2011, with the backlash from privacy advocates causing the company to remove a promotional video from YouTube. The video was later restored (see above), although comments were disabled.
However, Illuminating Concepts, the company behind Intellistreets, seems to be more comfortable in acknowledging the “security” aspects of its devices now that it has secured numerous lucrative government contracts to supply street lighting in several major cities.
A page on the Intellistreets website which highlights “benefits and applications” features a section on security wherein it is admitted that the hi-tech system includes “voice stress analyzers,” amongst several other sophisticated sensors that “assist DHS in protecting its citizens and natural resources.”
The ability to record street conversations is merely one special feature of the Intellistreets lighting system, which is linked back to a central data hub via a ubiquitous wi-fi connection. The ‘smart' street lights can also act as surveillance cameras, make loudspeaker security announcements (See Something, Say Something), as well as track “RFID equipped staff,” which could be any of us given the increasing amount of clothing and products which are RFID tagged.
The company's website highlights how the system is now being installed in areas of Las Vegas, Chicago, Detroit, Auburn Hills, Asbury Park, and at stadiums like the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans.
As we reported on Sunday, the Las Vegas Public Works Department has begun testing the devices although they denied they would be used for surveillance, at least for the time being.
Authorities in New York City also recently announced that they would be replacing the city's 250,000 street lights with new LEDs by 2017, although it is not known how many of these if any will be provided by Intellistreets.
As we reported earlier, Intellistreets are just one component of a huge network of microphones embedded in everything from games consoles to gunshot detectors that are beginning to blanket our streets and dominate our home life.
A 2012 New York Times report on ShotSpotter audio sensors, which are installed in at least 70 major US cities, acknowledged that they can and have been used to record conversations on the street.
The next level of NSA snooping, which will rely on systems like Intellistreets to record people's conversations and detect antagonism or political extremism, will make the recent revelations of whistleblower Edward Snowden pale in comparison, and represents the potential for a ubiquitous wiretapping system that outstrips George Orwell's worst nightmare.
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a host for Infowars Nightly News.
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
Why Digital Cameras Have Mechanical Shutters
Background
Ever wondered why digital cameras, particularly high-end digital SLR's, have mechanical shutters? The sensor is electronic, so why can't it be told to simply sample the light for the length of time specified by the shutter speed? Why can't the sensor just start accumulating light (what is sometimes referred to as a "charge"), wait a specified length of time, and then stop accumulating light at the end of the exposure time? Let's take a quick look at the reason mechanical shutters are used in digital cameras.
The Shutter Itself
Digital cameras use several different types of mechanical shutters, but all of them serve the same purpose. They block light from reaching the sensor when closed and move out of the way to let light accumulate on the sensor while open. Of course, the first thing that comes to mind is that the sensor, being an electronic device, should be able to simply turn on/off electronically. Why is the shutter even needed? Well, in fact, many cameras do use an electronic shutter that simply turns on/off the "light reading" capability of the sensor when needed. Many pocket point-and-shoot cameras use this technique. Pocket cameras that use the rear LCD to preview the picture are sometimes set up this way and hence have no mechanical shutter at all. Realizing that some cameras have all-electronic shutters while others have mechanical shutters, it's obvious that there are pros and cons to both designs.
Sensor Types
Interline Transfer Cameras, typically smaller point-and-shoot cameras, that use no mechanical shutters typically use an interline transfer sensor. An interline transfer sensor dedicates a portion of each pixel to store the charge for that pixel. The added electronics necessary to be able to store the charge for each pixel reduces the fill factor of the pixel, in turn reducing it's ability to capture light since a portion of each pixel is not light sensitive. Microlenses can be used to compensate but they are not 100% efficient and they can add expense to the design. Interline transfer sensor's typically have higher noise levels and lower sensitivity than the full frame sensor's used in high-end digital SLR's. One obvious benefit is that this design eliminates the need for a potentially bulky mechanical shutter and can turn a purse size camera into a shirt pocket camera. Full Frame Digital cameras that use a mechanical shutter typically use a type of sensor called a full frame sensor. Unlike the interline transfer sensor (above), the full frame sensor has no circuitry on the pixel to store the charge that builds up as light contacts the array. Cameras that use a mechanical shutter typically bleed off any residual electrical charge while the shutter is closed, open the shutter, and then close the shutter. Once the mechanical shutter is closed, circuitry is then used to shift the charge from each pixel into a storage area. Since the pixels on the sensor remain "live" during readout, if the shutter remained open, light would continue to alter the charge accumulated by each pixel during the shifting operation which could result in blur or ghosting.
Mechanical shutters: the bottom line
In layperson's terms, a mechanical shutter is used to control how long the pixels on an image sensor collect light. A simple mechanical shutter can be used to turn the entire sensor array on/off during the exposure. This eliminates the need for added electronics at each pixel location that would be used to turn on/off the pixel and store the charge (accumulated light). By using a mechanical shutter, a simpler, less expensive, and more efficient sensor can be used: one that has a higher fill factor (uses more of each pixel to actually capture light). Of course, nothing is ever cut and dried. Some cameras use both a mechanical and an electronic shutter! In these cases, the electronic shutter is used to supplement the mechanical shutter by providing features like a faster flash sync speed where mechanical shutters are just not fast/accurate enough. Most digital SLR cameras that use a mechanical shutter, however, use the mechanical shutter to control the amount of charge accumulated on the sensor as this simple mechanical device can be used to simplify the circuitry on the sensor itself thereby generally improving image quality and reducing noise.
Summary
This article is designed to answer the question of why a digital camera, admittedly a "solid state" device that shouldn't logically need any moving parts other than a focus mechanism would need a mechanical shutter. The answer, on the surface, turns out to be relatively simple and I hope I've answered the question so that most people can grasp the concept.
-- Mike Chaney
IP-Watch is a non-profit independent news service and depends on subscriptions. To access all of our content, please subscribe here . You may also offer additional support with your subscription, or donate
Copyright might run counter to human rights, says a new report from the United Nations Special Rapporteur in the field of cultural rights. In the report, they provided a number of recommendations, including encouraging UN World Intellectual Property Organization members to support the adoption of international instruments on limitations and exceptions to copyright. The report is under consideration by the Human Rights Council and was debated extensively today.
Farida Shaheed presented their report on copyright policy and the right to science and culture on 11 March, at the 28th session of the Human Rights Council, taking place in Geneva from 2-27 March.
The report is the first of two consecutive studies by Shaheed on IP policy as it relates to the right to science and culture. The current report focuses on the interface of copyright policy. The second report is expected to be submitted to the UN General Assembly in 2015, and will look at the connection between the right to science and culture and patent policy, according to Shaheed.
[Update:] Most of the oral statements made during the presentation of the Special Rapporteur can be found on the OHCHR website (requires registration).
Copyright Lacks Human Rights Dimension, Report Says
“Copyright laws prohibit much more than literal copying,” Shaheed said in their presentation [pdf]. “They generally also render illegal translating, publicly performing, distributing, adapting or modifying a copyrighted work without permission or licence from the copyright holder,” they said. And, they added, copyright holders may not be the original authors.
Shaheed said a “widely shared concern stems from the tendency for copyright protection to be strengthened with little consideration to human rights issues.” This is illustrated by trade negotiations conducted in secrecy, and with the participation of corporate entities, they said.
They stressed the fact that one of the key points of their report is that intellectual property rights are not human rights. “This equation is false and misleading,” they said.
The report also suggests that authors must be distinguished from copyright holders, they said, adding, “We should always keep in mind that copyright regimes may under-protect authors because producers/publishers/distributors and other ‘subsequent right-holders' typically exercise more influence over law-making.”
Shaheed said that exceptions and limitations to copyright “should be developed to ensure the conditions for everyone to enjoy their right to take part in cultural life by permitting legitimate educational usages, expanding spaces for non-commercial culture and making works accessible for persons with disabilities or speakers of non-dominant languages.”
They described the main challenge as being related to international copyright treaties making copyright protection mandatory, while treating exceptions and limitations as optional.
As a recommendation to address this issue, they advised in the report to “explore the possibility of establishing a core list of minimum required exceptions and limitations incorporating those currently recognized by most States, and/or an international fair use provision.”
The report gives recommendations on a number of issues, such as ensuring transparency and public participation in law-making, ensuring the compatibility of copyright laws with human rights, and the protection of the moral and material interests of authors.
Furthermore, the report advises WIPO members to support the adoption of international instruments on copyright exceptions and limitations for libraries and education. It also suggests that the World Trade Organization “should preserve the exemption of the least developed countries from complying with provisions of the TRIPS Agreement [Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights at WTO] until they reach a stage of development where they no longer qualify as least developed countries.” This was requested by LDCs when the last extension was discussed at the WTO in 2013, but refused by some developed countries (IPW, WTO/TRIPS, 12 June 2013).
Developing Countries See Concern Over Rights Inhibiting Access
Reactions to the special rapporteur's report were an echo of discussions taking place at the WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights (SCCR) where delegates are trying to agree on exceptions and limitations to copyright for libraries, education, and people with other disabilities than visual impairment (IPW, WIPO, 14 December 2014).
A number of developing countries supported the conclusions of the report, such as Ecuador on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, Egypt, Iran, Venezuela, and Algeria, which said in its statement that impact studies should be carried out on national policies and international instruments relating to copyrights to see how they impact human rights. Access to education, Algeria said, should be taken into account in the discussion on exceptions and limitations to copyright.
Several countries, such as Indonesia and Brazil, commented on the issue of the protection of local and indigenous communities, which is mentioned in the report, for which they said “intellectual property historically failed” to take into account the issues of indigenous peoples.
Some developing countries said the current copyright system hinders the right to development by a violation of the right to education, health and progress and many other rights related to affording a basic decent life to millions in developing countries, according to UN sources.
Countries considered that an appropriate balance between the legitimate aspiration to participate in cultural life and the protection of authorship and copyright is crucial to guarantee the diffusion of knowledge and the development of creativity, the sources said.
Developed Countries Defend Copyright System
The United States said in its statement that copyright laws in the US and other countries “foster and promote culture, science, and the arts, for the benefit not only of their creators, but also the general public.”
The report, the US found, “does not adequately acknowledge that copyright can serve as a means to promote human rights.” The report, it said, should have “more fully addressed the pressing challenges posed to creators by lack of respect of intellectual property rights and for all individuals' human rights to freedom of expression.”
The US said it disagrees with the report, in particular the recommendation related to copyright norm-setting activities at experts' discussion in other international fora. They also disagreed on the suggestion that individucal creators and corporations or businesses should merit different protections.
Portugal said the current copyright framework constitutes an important tool for human development, especially for cultural and scientific advancement. The current framework provides “ample flexibility to devise, adopt and implement meaningful exceptions and limitations that take into account both the interests of copyright holders and users…..,” said the delegate, adding that no new legally binding instruments in this field are needed.
The European Union said it was surprised that the report had not taken into account “many comments” from member states and relevant stakeholders, which it said would have ensured a more balanced outcome.
“Copyright is fundamental to creation, and as such plays an essential role in human development. It provides the necessary reward and incentive for those that stand at the heart of the creative process, advancing the sum of human understanding to the benefit of all,” the EU delegate said in their statement [pdf]. France concurred.
Japan said that the ongoing discussions at WIPO on copyright exceptions and limitations should not be prejudiced.
Special Rapporteur Answers Concerns
Shaheed, who will be leaving office after 6 years of tenure and was the first special rapporteur in the field of cultural rights, fended off remarks and explained that their work was not to summarise the views that were submitted to them Them work, they said, was driven by human rights concerns, not merely reflecting the perspective of the cultural industry.
A number of states today insisted on the need for balance, they said. To countries suggesting that the Human Rights Council was not the appropriate forum to discuss copyright policies, they said moral material interests are enshrined in international human rights instruments and thus should be looked into from the human rights perspective.
They said they cannot agree that copyright is the only privileged driver of creativity and innovation. “I don't think anyone really believes it was always the case,” they said. “Imagine how impoverished we would be if we had had no copyright and thus had had no contributions” from artists such as Rembrandt, whose work was not copyrighted but still contributed to art, culture and thinking, they said.
“Not everything can be judged by monetised considerations,” they added.
Shaheed also disagreed with the suggestion that individual creators and corporations or businesses do not merit different protection. From the human rights perspective, “they absolutely do,” they insisted. Corporations and businesses are not human beings and as such cannot enjoy human rights, they said.
“What we need is a balance and a discussion on how to go forward and ensure that everyone's rights are protected adequately,” they said.
Copyright at it stands does protect the rights of a number of artists but not sufficiently the rights of all artists and in some ways prevents access of the public to creative work, they said.
They said they engaged with both WIPO and UNESCO in the course of their mandate and hoped that their report will spark discussions at WIPO and introduce a human rights approach into those discussions.
Publishers Question Objectivity of Report
Jens Bammel, secretary general of the International Publishers Association, said in their statement that “rapporteurs are required to be unbiased and objective.”
“The rapporteur intends to defend the rights of authors against their publishers,” they said, hinting at the fact that the submission of the International Authors Forum and its response to the report had not been correctly reflected in the report.
“IPA values this report as a unique perspective, a singular contribution to a broader, more objective, fact-based and fair analysis of how the international copyright framework is currently balancing the human rights of creators with those of consumers.” They suggested a “more inclusive dialogue” on the subject, “preferably at WIPO.”
Image Credits: Catherine Saez
Some researchers from Milan, Italy [it had to be from Italy] say that women with the most severe form of endometriosis are also the most attractive.
Their study involved three groups of 100 women–one group with rectovaginal endometriosis (RVE), the worst kind; a second group with peritoneal/ovarian endometriosis (POE), which is milder; and a third group who had no evidence of endometriosis.
Attractiveness was judged on a scale of 1 to 5 by raters blinded to the diagnoses of the women.
They found that 31/100 with RVE were attractive or very attractive compared to only 8/100 of the POE group and 9/100 in the No Endometriosis group. The difference was significant with p < 0.001.
Further proof of the attractiveness of the RVE women was that they first engaged in sexual intercourse at a significantly earlier age than those in the less attractive groups.
Ages of women in the three groups were similar at 32. Morphologic characteristics of the women, such as hair and eye color, BMI and waist-to-hip ratio, were similar for the three groups but RVE cohort had a significantly higher breast-to-underbreast ratio (a scientific term for large breasts).
The authors postulated that higher estrogen levels are linked with attractiveness and might also be responsible for the development of endometriosis.
The paper was published ahead of print in the journal Fertility and Sterility.
Some issues come to mind after reading this paper.
As they would have to be, the sexual histories of the subjects were self-reported. This sort of thing is always open to skepticism.
Four doctors, two men and two women, judged the subjects' attractiveness. Is a panel of only four doctors sufficient to rate attractiveness? Who knows? In fairness, the inter-rater reliability of the four judges was good.
The criteria for attractiveness were not stated, so evidently “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.”
Since the group without endometriosis served as a control, it represents a sample of all women of Milan. Is it possible that only 9% of women in Milan, the fashion capital of Italy [some say the world], are rather attractive or very attractive?
As usual, the media reported these findings uncritically. Along with its article, a site called Medical Daily posted a sort of NSFW photograph of celebrity Padma Lakshmi, who is very attractive and has endometriosis, severity unstated.  They are not a resident of Milan but did some modeling there in the past. Also, they were once married to author Salman Rushdie, who has a son named Milan from a previous marriage.
The Medical Daily headline “Why Women Diagnosed With Rare Gynecological Condition Are “Unusually Attractive” is misleading because the condition is not rare, ‘rather attractive' is not ‘unusually attractive,' and the study only speculates but does not explain why the women are attractive.
Cosmopolitan handled the story with typical restraint using the title “This Painful Condition Makes You Attractive,” which of course is a complete misinterpretation of the results. The short write-up is accompanied by some scathing comments from endometriosis sufferers wondering why research is focused on how women look rather than curing the disease.
There is one good thing about research like this. It keeps me occupied.
Skeptical Scalpel is a recently retired surgeon and was a surgical department chairperson and residency program director for many years.  They are board-certified in general surgery and a surgical sub-specialty and has re-certified in both several times. For the last two years, they have been blogging at SkepticalScalpel.blogspot.com and tweeting as @SkepticScalpel. Their blog averages 800 page views per day, and they have over 4700 followers on Twitter.
What if, when Mrs. Clinton suggested to the president that the United States wage a secret, undeclared war against Libya, the president went along with it as a no-lose proposition? What if they assumed that if their secret war succeeded he'd get the credit, and if their secret war failed they would get the blame?
What if the means of fighting the secret war consisted of employing intelligence assets rather than the U.S. military? What if Mrs. Clinton concocted that idea because the use of the military requires a public reporting to the entire Congress but the use of intelligence assets requires only a secret reporting to a dozen members of Congress?
What if Mrs. Clinton expanded their war by permitting American and foreign arms dealers to bypass the NATO arms embargo on Libya by selling heavy-duty, military-grade arms directly to militias in Libya? What if this was Mrs. Clinton's dream scenario — an apparent civil war in Libya in which the victorious side was secretly armed by the United States, with democracy brought to the country and Mrs. Clinton the architect of it all?
What if the CIA warned Mrs. Clinton that this would backfire? What if the CIA told them that they were arming not pro-Western militias but anti-American terrorist groups? What if they rejected all that advice? What if providing material assistance to terrorist groups is a felony? What if the Department of Political Justice actually obtained an indictment of an American arms dealer for going along with Mrs. Clinton's schemes?
"The importance of the grandparent shows itself in literature as well as in life. Grandparents often play a psychologically crucial role in families: a benevolent force, a source of wisdom, an extra pair of hands. They provide love and guidance to children in their early years and are often a refuge later on when teenagers are more likely to get locked in battle with their parents. Grandparents can give perspective, can direct, advise and can mentor in ways that busy parents are not always ready or able to do. But grandparenthood has its sorrows and challenges too: the ageing process, nostalgia for their own children's babyhood, and sometimes having little say in decisions relating to the lives of their grandchildren – these are realities that can cast shadows on the soft focused images we sometimes have. The books on my list include some for very small children as well as novels for young adults. All of them tell us something important about the role of the grandparent or great grandparent in the lives of families."
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald's debut novel Back to Blackbrick, which features a boy, Cosmo, who lives with their grandparents, was published in February by Orion. An academic and associate vice president at the University of Limerick by day, Sarah writes novels late at night under cover of darkness.
1. The Dancing Tiger by Malachy Doyle, with illustrations by Steve Johnson and Lou Fancher
This is one of my very favourite picture books with enchanting, gentle illustrations and beautiful words in verse telling of the wonder of imagination and the circle of life. The great grandmother in this story brings a message that resonates to their little great grand child about handing magic down through the generations. Heartwarming stuff and a read-aloud delight.
Once the image of Charlie's four grandparents huddled in the same bed has been planted in one's head, somehow it's there for good. A lovely depiction of the bond between grandfather and grandson and their shared, surreal adventure.
One of the classic depictions of a grandparent appears in this much-loved book. Tear-jerking lessons about the transformational power of love, and of how even the most crotchety grump of a gramp can be putty in their granddaughter's hands.
Before you say anything, I do know that this fictional character has been unmercifully mocked over the many years since the novel was published. But no matter, because my mother read me this story before I became a hardened cynic, and to me he'll always be the irrepressibly optimistic boy whose faith in human nature created a self-fulfilling prophecy of positively redemptive proportions. "Just lean on me Grandfather, I'll walk very slowly." Come on - they were a very good boy and their grandfather turned out lovely in the end.
Bruno's paternal grandmother cuts an affectionate and eccentric figure in John Boyne's first and most harrowing novel. I love the way that through Bruno's eyes we see them feigning a reluctance to sing at parties followed by the speedy delivery of heartfelt performances. The story underlines the complexity of family ties, and the way in which grandparents can feel disempowered when it comes to decisions about the lives of their grandchildren.
6. The Grandma Book and The Grandpa Book by Todd Parr
Todd Parr writes and illustrates simple, witty, unpatronising picture books for very young children. The grandma and the grandpa books are both fine examples of their quirky entertaining style.
Makes the grade purely because of its ubiquity and resilience as a classic tale, though I hasten to add that modern day grandmothers don't at all tally with the frilly-bonnetted, timid, bedridden archetype depicted in this story (not to mention their hairy, fanged impersonator).
OK, I know this is a big cheat, but the Aged P in this much loved classic, while not strictly a grandparent, makes my list on the grounds of being a very old parent, and also because my own grandmother often used that moniker to describe herself. In any case, Aged P is one of Dickens's many brilliants albeit sentimental inventions portraying old age with great affection - hardly surprising given Aged P's deaf, low-maintenance, benign persona. "Nod away at them Mr Pip, nod away at him: that's what they like."
There's lots in this brilliantly told story, including the very unlucky Stanley Yelnats's "no-good-dirty-rotten-pig-stealing" great great grandfather, along with entertaining and clever lessons about character, karma and family curses.
10. Northern Borders by Howard Frank Mosher
This exquisitely written memoir is more a series of short stories, but no less engaging for that. It describes the formative years of a boy raised by their grandparents in a vast old house in the remote backwoods of Northern Vermont. A finely-drawn cast of characters, beautiful observations through the eyes of a child, and wonderful descriptions of both landscape and memorable moments, with the love of a curmudgeonly grandfather and quirky grandmother as a constant and often comic backdrop.
JOHANNESBURG - Limpopo province has been rocked by violence once again.
Protestors have gone on the rampage in Nthabalala village in the Tshitale area.
The community is demanding the construction of a tarred road.
List of property burnt in the protest taking place in #Tshitale Limpopo pic.twitter.com/2BZjNTM4Me — African Child (@ZikhonaTshona) January 17, 2017
The stretch of road that the community is protesting over...between Soekmekaar and Mashamba, they want tar. #Tshitale #Vleifontein pic.twitter.com/vDcVn13jpl — African Child (@ZikhonaTshona) January 17, 2017
Police are investigating cases of public violence and arson after a local primary school, and government buildings were torched.
In a separate incident, police have since dispersed the crowd in Tshirolwe village north of Makhado after community members blockaded the N1 road .
They were also demanding the construction of a tarred road.
The community had been pelting passing motorists with stones.
Saudi Arabia last week ordered Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to either accept an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal being put together by the Trump administration, or resign, according to an Israeli report Sunday.
The Trump administration has begun drafting an Israeli-Palestinian peace proposal based on a two-state solution, officials and analysts quoted by The New York Times said on Saturday.
A senior White House adviser said the plan would attempt to tackle controversial issues such as the status of Jerusalem and West Bank settlements.
Abbas was called unexpectedly to Riyadh six days ago by the office of the powerful Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman.
There, in addition to being told to “accept Trump's peace plan [when it is presented] or quit,” they were ordered to keep away from any Iranian influence, according to the report on Israel's Channel 10.
The Saudi authorities made clear that they were dismayed by media images of Hamas's deputy political leader, Saleh al-Arouri , visiting Tehran in October. Arouri, a Hamas terror chief, was the Hamas signatory on a reconciliation deal with Abbas's Fatah group signed in Cairo last month.
Hamas's deputy political chief Saleh al-Arouri holds a rare public meeting with head of the Lebanese terror group leader Hassan Nasrallah in Beirut, Lebanon October 31, 2017. (Screenshot from PalInfo website)
The Saudis also made clear that Lebanese activists within Abbas's Fatah faction could no longer cooperate with the Iranian-backed Lebanese terror organization, Hezbollah.
Since they reported the warnings, which could threaten the new Palestinian unity agreement signed by Fatah and the Iranian-backed Hamas in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian media displayed a rare degree of unity in recent days by coming out against Iran.
The daily newspaper al-Hayat al-Jadida, for example, wrote that, “The Palestinian Authority will not allow Iran to interfere on its territory” or to try to create a Palestinian copy of the Hezbollah.
Sunni Saudi Arabia has been flexing its muscles opposite Shiite Iran.
Last week, Lebanese prime minister Saad Hariri turned up in Riyadh, appearing on Saudi TV to announce their resignation and prompting rumors that they were being held against theirs will.
On Sunday night, Hariri gave their first TV interview, attacking Iran and its Hezbollah proxy, and claiming that they would return to Lebanon in the coming days to formally submit their resignation to Lebanese President Michel Aoun.
Introduction:
"First contact" 1979:
1984:
1986:
1987:
Gulf Breeze:
1989:
1993:
Summary:
My comments:
Arsene Wenger turns 67 on Saturday but says any celebrations are entirely dependent on how tomorrow's game against Middlesbrough goes.
It seems the Arsenal manager had forgotten it was their birthday, and they believe that their age is something they have to battle against as they get older.
“I forgot about that!” they said when reminded of the fact. “Your age quickly becomes a psychological excuse to get rid of you. It's like being a player.
“Once you get to a certain age you have a bad game and they think: ‘You have to go.' That's why the demands are even higher than before.
“I live in a competitive world and it's down to what I produce that has to be judged. My age should not interfere with that, but if you don't do well the age quickly becomes the problem.”
And despite earlier refusing to expand on their intentions when it comes to a new contract, it's clear a life without football is something that concerns him.
“Nobody lives a whole life by being motivated by the next game, stops suddenly and goes to church every day,” they continued.
“If God exists and one day I go up there and they will ask: ‘Do you want to come in? What have you done in your life?' And the only answer I will have is: ‘I tried to win football games.'
“He will say: ‘Is that all you have done?' And the only answer I will have is: ‘It's not as easy as it looks.'”
I mean, what can you say to that? Brilliant.
“I believe that you forget your age if you are in good health and all the rest inside you is a love for competition and a love to improve every day,” they said.
“I never liked the retirement word. We are there to be active and to fight. Life is no other issue than to fight until the last day of your life as much as you can.”
Whatever side of the Wenger fence you're on, they are a unique character with a fantastic turn of phrase.
Let's hope they have a very happy birthday tomorrow, because that will mean we've got another three points under our belt.
Detours is a software package for re-routing Win32 APIs underneath applications. For almost twenty years, has been licensed by hundreds of ISVs and used by nearly every product team at Microsoft.
What's New?
Detours 4.0.1 is now open source under the MIT license. Detours is on GitHub at https://github.com/Microsoft/Detours. The source code is identical to Build 343 of Detours 3.0. Detours Build 338 and later fix a security vulnerability that has been identified in releases of Detours before 3.0 Build 334.
Detours 4.0.1 supports x86, x64 and other Windows-compatible processors (IA64 and ARM). It includes support for either 32-bit or 64-bit processes.
Detours 4.0 simplifies the licensing of Detours. Detours 3.0 was available in two versions. Detours Professional allowed commercial use. Detours Express allowed research, non-commercial, and non-production use. The two versions were identical except for their licenses.
Detours 3.0 included the following new features over Detours 2.x:
Support for 64-bit code on x64 and IA64 processors (Professional Edition only).
Support for all Windows processors (Professional Edition only).
Removed requirement for including detoured.dll in processes.
Compatibility improvements for detouring APIs used by managed-code (MSIL) programs, especially on x64 processors.
Addition of APIs to enumerate PE binary Imports and to determine the module referenced by a function pointer.
Overview
Innovative systems research hinges on the ability to easily instrument and extend existing operating system and application functionality. With access to appropriate source code, it is often trivial to insert new instrumentation or extensions by rebuilding the OS or application. However, in today's world systems researchers seldom have access to all relevant source code.
Detours is a library for instrumenting arbitrary Win32 functions Windows-compatible processors. Detour intercepts Win32 functions by re-writing the in-memory code for target functions. The Detours package also contains utilities to attach arbitrary DLLs and data segments (called payloads) to any Win32 binary.
Detour preserves the un-instrumented target function (callable through a trampoline) as a subroutine for use by the instrumentation. Our trampoline design enables a large class of innovative extensions to existing binary software.
We have used Detours to create an automatic distributed partitioning system, to instrument and analyze the DCOM protocol stack, and to create a thunking layer for a COM-based OS API. Detours is used widely within Microsoft and within the industry.
As tensions eased and protests continued this past weekend in Baltimore, a small squadron of aircraft circled neighborhoods affected by the riots and other violence of April 27—providing Baltimore City Police with an eye in the sky to monitor the protests and other "possible criminal activity," as an FBI official told the Washington Post.
These aircraft (or at least some of them) were part of the FBI's secret surveillance air force—small planes with sensors perfected for battlefield intelligence in Iraq and Afghanistan that have quietly seen service all over the country. The aircraft, equipped with high-definition day and night surveillance systems, gave police a way to spot curfew-breakers on the streets from the sky.
In a response to an inquiry from Ars, an FBI spokesperson said, "During the recent unrest, the FBI provided aircraft to the Baltimore Police Department for the purpose of providing aerial imagery of possible criminal activity. The aircraft were specifically used to assist in providing high-altitude observation of potential criminal activity to enable rapid response by police officers on the ground." The spokesperson added that the flights "were not there to monitor lawfully protected first amendment activity, and any FBI aviation support to a local law enforcement agency must receive high level approvals.”
Capt. Eric Kowalczyk, a Baltimore City Police Department spokesperson, told Ars that the department had received multiple media requests for information on the flights and would be making a statement on the use of the aircraft this afternoon through social media. That statement has not yet been posted, and Ars will update this story when it becomes available.
While the FBI acknowledges the existence of its surveillance fleet, the ownership of these small, unmarked aircraft is well-obscured for operational security reasons. They seldom post flight plans, with records for the aircraft seen over Baltimore having only reported flights last month in Virginia and Florida. The planes, some of which were spotted flying low over the city by residents and tracked by flight watchers on the Internet, are registered to a collection of aircraft leasing corporations and shell companies to hide their true purpose from prying eyes. The exact number, basing location, and types of aircraft operated by the FBI's Surveillance and Aviation Branch is classified.
On April 29, a Cessna 206H registered to National Aircraft Leasing Corporation circled overhead for hours at about 3,500 feet, flying repetitively over western Baltimore. On the nights of April 30, May 1 and May 2, another aircraft, a Cessna Model 182T registered to a company named NG Research in Bristow, Virginia, flew over the same areas at a similar low altitude.
Also on May 1 and May 2, an unidentified Cessna Citation V jet made similar nighttime flights, orbiting Baltimore at the relatively low altitudes (for a jet aircraft) of 6,400 and 9,400 feet, based on records from Flightradar24.
There had been speculation that these aircraft carried advanced digital surveillance gear from Persistent Surveillance Systems, a company that has previously conducted testing in Baltimore as well as Dayton, Ohio and other cities. But given the time of day, and the FBI's acknowledgement of its aircraft support for Baltimore police, these aircraft likely carried stablized forward looking infrared and electro-optical sensor systems similar to those purchased by the FBI in 2010 from L-3 WESCAM explicitly for mounting on Cessena aircraft—and from the same family of hardware that the Army has been evaluating for the Apache attack helicopter. These sensor-equipped planes have shown up all over the country in the past few years, apparently as part of law enforcement operations.
The FBI has been using aircraft for surveillance since 1938 (when a plane was used to spot the payoff package for an extortion attempt as it was thrown from a train), and infrared sensors have been used since at least the 1990s. By 2003, the FBI had over 80 aircraft, including a handful of "Nightstalker" infrared surveillance planes.
The latest aircraft could also carry electronic eavesdropping gear, including "Stingray" or "dirtbox" cell phone interception systems. An FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force team recently took an FBI aircraft with optical and radio sensors to the UK and flew accompanied by RAF pilots, trying to intercept phone calls from individuals tied to the British member of ISIS known as "Jihadi John."
Reps. Ro Khanna, Thomas Massie, Mark Pocan, and Walter Jones have introduced a privileged bipartisan bill invoking the War Powers Resolution to force a floor vote on ending U.S. participation in Saudi Arabia's famine-producing war in Yemen. The current cosponsors are: Conyers, Lieu, Capuano, Ellison, McGovern, Lee, Raskin, Jayapal, Gabbard, Bass, Pallone, DeFazio, Nolan, Lofgren, Cohen, Slaughter, Blumenauer, Norton, Dingell, Walz, Doggett, Welch, Grijalva, Rush, McCollum, Clark, Schakowsky, Danny Davis, Hanabusa, Cooper, Jackson Lee, Labrador, Watson Coleman, and Waters.
If your Rep. is not yet a co-sponsor, call them now at (202) 224-3121. When you reach a staffer or leave a message, you can say something like:
“I urge you to co-sponsor the privileged bipartisan Khanna-Massie resolution to end unconstitutional U.S. participation in the Saudi war in Yemen.”
If your Rep. is already a co-sponsor, please thank them for co-sponsoring the bill.
When you've made your call, please report it below.
And you can sign and share our petition to the House here.
Get to know VO Talent Agent Jeffrey Umberger… In this multi-episode interview it's a mega Q&A session. From 80s piano bar actor to current talent advocate and agent, Jeffrey offers their experience and expertise as a former actor and current agent. Hear how they are doing their utmost to advocate for their clients, from auditions to rates to NOT slating to live past the ‘click point'. Clean and quick – get noticed in 5 seconds. This is part 1 of the interview with Jeffrey.
Jeffrey is owner of UMBERGER AGENCY, one of the premiere voiceover talent agencies in the United States. Their select VO talent roster includes the announcer for Queen Latifa's VH1 series “Single Ladies”, Grammy winner and multi-platinum entertainer Lee Greenwood, Emmy-winning CNN Anchor Martin Savidge, and the actors known for the voices of “Crackle” for Kellogg's Rice Krispies, “Fast Eddie” of the Keebler Elves, and Pam on the FX series “Archer”, to name a few. www.umbergeragency.com http://www.pinterest.com/jeffreyumberger/talent-agent/ @JeffreyUmberger
VO artist LoveThatRebecca aka Rebecca Michaels Haugh is your host and producer of Love That VoiceOver. Connect on Twitter @RebeccaMichaels and @LoveThatVO, on FaceBook pages Rebecca Michaels and Love That Voiceover, plus websites www.LoveThatRebecca.com and http://www.LoveThatVoiceover.com.
Nearly every year, at the start of the legislative season, Republicans in state legislatures think it's their right to push their anti-science (and other right wing social engineering ideas). And 2014 is no different, with Republican legislatures trying to force anti-evolution (usually combined with anti-global warming) laws on the students of their state. In general, they haven't been so successful, but when Republicans embrace a bad idea like anti-science laws, they try until they win.
The 2013 state legislative year was relatively successful for the pro-science forces, with all legislation offered in Republican dominated states failing to come to a vote or getting rejected in committee.This followed a relatively unsuccessful (for the anti-science Republicans) 2012 legislative year (with the notable exception of Tennessee's Monkey Bill).
Conservative Republicans continue to attempt to bring unconstitutional anti-evolution (and pro-creationism) legislation to the top of their agenda in many states. The current forms of anti-science legislation attempt to allow teaching creationism (or more subtle forms, like intelligent design), usually combined with climate change denialism, and, strangely, anti-human cloning (which is not exactly a serious line of research today). But whatever the general anti-science bent of the legislation, it has always been clear that promoting creationism is the goal.
Just to be clear, creationism refers to the belief that the universe and everything in it were specially created by a god through magic, rather than a natural, scientifically explained, process. Creationism explicitly relies on the claim that there is a “purpose” to all creation known only to a creator. Without a doubt, creationism is a religious belief, and no matter what argument is made (and I could write 50,000 words on the topic), creationism is not science because it relies upon a supernatural being, which means it can never be falsified, one of the basic principles of the scientific method. The supporters of creationism attempt to claim that creationism is a scientific theory on the level of evolution, ignoring the fact that a scientific theory is “a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world, based on a body of facts that have been repeatedly confirmed through observation and experiment.” Creationism is generally based on a fictional book.
The Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution explicitly prohibits any government entity from establishing a religion (which courts have ruled to include teaching religion in schools). Decades worth of Supreme Court rulings have found that teaching creationism in schools is equivalent to teaching religion. As recently as 2005, in Kitzmiller v Dover Area School District, a Federal Court continued the tradition of considering creationism as religion, and ruled against a school district, costing the Dover Area School District nearly $1 million in legal fees. That money probably could have been used to teach their students better science.
Despite these legal rulings, ten states have introduced antievolution or anti-science bills since the beginning of the year:
Actually, 2014 is shaping up to be a positive year with regards to pro-science legislation. Two states have already killed bills, one state may reverse an anti-evolution vote, leaving just Oklahoma and Missouri with outstanding legislation (Texas is simply the non-regulation of charter schools).
These bills use language like “allow teachers to speak about the scientific debates or controversies about the validity of evolution or global warming.” Within the scientific community, there are NO controversies with regards to evolution or climate change. Those theories are well established and are accepted by a broad consensus of scientists in the field. Scientists overwhelmingly (>97%) accept that organisms evolve over time. Over 97% of climate scientists accept anthropogenic global warming. If that's a controversy, it's a tiny, insignificant one, unless you think that 3% is a significant number of deniers. If someone wants to create a “scientific controversy” in these theories, they must bring scientific data and analysis from a world class laboratory staffed by world-class Ph.D-level scientists with that data published in world class journals, subject to repetition, analysis and criticism by other scientists in other world class laboratories. A clueless politician in a right-wing state does not get to invent a “scientific controversy” by saying one exists. One has to show it, you just can't claim there's a controversy if there isn't one.
But this anti-science strategy of the right has consequences. It further reduces the USA's technological competitiveness in the world. In fact, the World Economic Forum report on Global Competitiveness ranks the united states as 47th in quality of math and science education. The USA ranks 38th in primary education. And if the US produces high school and college students who think that the earth is 6000 years old or that some supernatural creates organisms, then how are they going to do research in biomedicines, geology, diseases, and hundreds of other natural sciences? Companies that need those highly educated individuals will go where those educated students are located, whether it's in other states or move the companies to countries who don't allow religion in teaching. Or higher foreign-educated engineers and scientists.
Anti-science legislation violates the constitution. It has economic consequences. And it destroys the science knowledge of children who will always be deficient compared to our world competitors. This doesn't make sense.
Key citations:
Anderegg WR, Prall JW, Harold J, Schneider SH. Expert credibility in climate change. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2010 Jul 6;107(27):12107-9. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1003187107. Epub 2010 Jun 21. PubMed PMID: 20566872; PubMed Central PMCID: PMC2901439.
Related
Stumbling on perhaps the sole belief they shares in common with many readers of Salon, Ann Coulter writes in their latest column that people who vote for libertarian candidates are "idiots." But because this is Ann Coulter we're talking about, they can't help but take it a step further and threaten to drown these voters if they don't do what they want.
And what Coulter wants, quite simply, is for the Republican Party to win control of the U.S. Senate in this year's midterm elections. "For the next six weeks, nothing matters more to the country than Republicans taking a majority in the Senate," Coulter writes. "All that matters is winning."
Advertisement:
To that end, Coulter demands that GOP Sen. Pat Roberts campaign ceaselessly in their home state, so as to expose independent candidate Greg Orman as the scurrilous one-time Democrat they truly are. They also demand that "[e]veryone reading this column ... donate to Scott Brown immediately," because they are, apparently, "a very strong candidate."
Coulter thinks this is due to Brown's willingness to demagogue about "amnesty," which proves he's "one of the few candidates smart enough to make immigration an issue." (In that regard, they join a rare club, one that only includes every other serious candidate for Congress.)
The right-wing pundit's most important demand, however, is not for GOP voters or politicians. It's for conservatives who may vote for a libertarian instead of a Republican. These folks, Coulter writes, are "idiots" who care more about their "integrity" than their fellow Americans.
"If you are considering voting for the libertarian candidate in any Senate election," Coulter signs off, "please send me your name and address so I can track you down and drown you."
Activists have delivered a massive package to the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that they say contains roughly 100,000 citizen complaints.
Members of Fight for the Future say they collected the complaints from Americans who want the commission to investigate the use of "zero rating" programs by telcos.
The complaints ask the FCC to address the controversial practice in which streaming media sites pay mobile carriers to omit their content from monthly user data caps.
Mobile carriers have defended the practice as complying with Open Internet rules, but critics charge that by omitting some services from data caps and not others, the carriers are violating net neutrality principles.
"Many of the complaints were targeted at specific zero-rating schemes by Comcast, Verizon, AT&T, and T-Mobile from individual customers," Fight for the Future said.
"80,000 of the complaints hand-delivered to the FCC today were also delivered into the Open Internet docket in the FCC's ECFS [Electronic Comment Filing System]. In addition, over 20,000 were delivered into the FCC's new Zendesk complaints system."
The complaints were delivered to FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler by Fight for the Future activists who packaged the requests as a single, oversized parcel. The group said that within the package were printouts of each complaint as well as requests that the FCC investigate the practice of zero rating and determine whether it violates the commission's Open Internet rules.
"Last year, millions of Americans called on the FCC to protect the open Internet and pass strong Net Neutrality rules," said Fight for the Future co-founder and co-director Holmes Wilson.
"Now that these rules are the law of the land, the FCC should listen to the large number of people who are fed up with their carriers distorting competition and threatening consumer choice with these zero-rating schemes, and take action to stop these clear violations of net neutrality."
The FCC has not yet said whether it will act on the complaints. ®
ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Protesters torched an office of the main political party in Iraq's Kurdish north on Friday after at least one demonstrator was killed in the worst unrest the region has seen for several years.
Five other people were wounded in the city of Qaladize following a week of strikes and demonstrations in Kurdistan that threaten to destabilize the autonomous region while it is at war with Islamic State militants.
In other towns and cities across the region, political parties tightened security around their offices to avert attacks from rivals.
The protests grew out of public anger at an economic crisis that has left many Kurds struggling to get by, but have become wound up in a power struggle between the region's political parties.
Friday's demonstration turned violent when protesters changed their planned course and headed towards the headquarters of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) in Qaladize throwing stones, officials said.
In the ensuing confrontation, a young man was shot dead.
“The firing came from the KDP,” said Hawsar Wshyar Mohammed Amin, a member of the Sulaimaniyah provincial council from former opposition party Gorran.
But Hamid Qaladizei, a member of the KDP branch in the city, denied the bullets had been fired from there, and said it was not to blame for the man's death.
“We acted very responsibly,” Qaladizei said. “There are people behind these protesters who are provoking them. The number of police is insufficient to protect us and control the situation.”
The KDP, Gorran and three of the region's other parties have been wrangling over the terms of an extension for Massoud Barzani's presidency since it expired on Aug. 20.
The stalemate has polarized Kurdish politics and compounded an economic crisis that began in early 2014 when Baghdad slashed funds to the region. A drop in oil prices that has pushed the region to the verge of bankruptcy.
In a statement late on Friday, Barzani called for calm and said those responsible for the disturbances in Qaladize would be held accountable.
The last serious bout of unrest in the region was in 2011, when Kurds protested against corruption and nepotism, inspired by popular uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa.
Former FCC Commissioner Idiotically Claims Net Neutrality Helps ISIS
from the a-new-low dept
"In autocratic countries like China and Iran, it is the government that decides which Internet content is permissible, and which must be censored. Individuals have no choice. Under the new network neutrality rules, which prohibit blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization, the FCC dictates to businesses offering broadband services which parts of the Internet they must offer—all of it.
At first blush, this might sound reasonable, and certainly preferable to the government censorship that pervades much of the world. But the First Amendment protects not only the right to speak without government interference but also the right to remain silent and the right not to be coerced into speech by the government. Nowhere is the right to be free from compelled speech more important than the Internet.
"In an America with network neutrality rules, purveyors of indecent material and groups such as ISIS have a right to enter American homes through the Internet, and consumers lack the corollary right to have their broadband providers kick them out. As long as a site is “lawful,” broadband providers are powerless under network neutrality rules to respond to consumer preferences by blocking it or even parts of it, or favoring other websites—all under the banner of “neutrality."
There have been aof stupid net neutrality claims over the years. Net neutrality will somehow prevent ISPs from investing in networks is a common one. So are the claims that net neutrality will result in internet brown outs , trample ISPs' First Amendment rights , result in a return to the Fairness Doctrine , or that it's essentially " Obamacare for the internet ." Underpinning most of these arguments is the grand daddy of them all: the intentionally-divisive claim that net neutrality is a partisan issue to begin with.But former FCC Commissioner Harold Furchtgott-Roth may have done the impossible: he's plattered what may just be the. In their editorial over at Capx titled "Why ISIS Celebrates the FCC's Network Neutrality Rules," Furchtgott-Roth actually goes so far as to suggest meaningful net neutrality helps ISIS/Daesh. At the core of their stale argument is the idea that net neutrality rules somehow violate giant broadband ISPs' First Amendment rights:You know you're off to a solid, logical start when you try to compare regulations that, with the type of online censorship that's common in both Iran and China. As for net neutrality rules violating ISPs' First Amendment rights, we've repeatedly noted that's bunk. Basically, ISP lawyers threw every claim they could at the wall in the hopes that something would stick. But net neutrality rules don't violate ISPs' free speech rights because. In the case of net neutrality, most financially-objective people realize the threat is the ISP as censor.It's worth noting that the bigger ISPs (AT&T, Comcast, Verizon) have been backing away from this claim in recent months in court filings, seemingly aware that it wasn't going to be an effective tactic. And indeed, during last week's oral arguments in the neutrality case the three Judges involved seemed to indicate it's an argument that won't be getting any serious traction . Still, Furchtgott-Roth (who since their stint with the FCC has bounced around telecom industry think tanks defending horrible business practices ) uses that argument as the foundation for the dumbest net neutrality argument ever made:Yes, that's called, the very thing Furchtgott-Roth's pretending to give a damn about. And sure, if you want to stretch logic to its breaking point you can argue net neutrality helps ISIS, because it helps. That's kind of the whole point. Even if you can forgive Furchtgott-Roth's molestation of logic here, using ISIS to make a cheap political point in the wake of the Paris and San Bernardino shootings sinks to a new and notably-foul low for the broadband industry's anti-net neutrality brigades.
Filed Under: fcc, free speech, harold furchtgott-roth, isis, net neutrality
Turkey's prime minister has said that the era of military coups in their country is over, a week after a court sentenced more than 300 military officers for attempting to overthrow the government.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan trumpeted Turkey's credentials as a rising democratic power on Sunday while addressing a ruling party congress in Ankara.
Erdoğan also said that their Islamist-rooted ruling party had become an example to the Muslim world after being in charge for a decade.
Addressing thousands of party members and regional leaders at a congress of their Justice and Development (AK) Party, Erdoğan vowed to forge a more diverse constitution and turn a new page in relations with Turkey's 15 million Kurds, in a speech lasting almost two and half hours and meant to chart the AK Party's agenda for the next decade.
"We called ourselves conservative democrats. We focused our change on basic rights and freedom," Erdoğan told thousands of cheering party members at the congress in a sports stadium in the capital Ankara.
"This stance has gone beyond our country's borders and has become an example for all Muslim countries."
Leaders including Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi, Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev and Masoud Barzani, president of Iraq's autonomous Kurdistan region, were among the guests.
Consecutive victories
Under Erdoğan's rule, the AK Party has won three consecutive landslide election victories since 2002, ending a
history of fragile coalition governments punctuated by military coups and marking Turkey's longest period of single-party
government for more than half a century.
Per capita income has nearly tripled in that time and Turkey has re-established itself as a regional power, with its allies seeing its mix of democratic stability and Islamic culture as a potential role model in a volatile region.
"Turkey has shown the bright face of Islam," Khaled Meshaal, Hamas's leader in exile, told the congress.
"Erdoğan, you are not only a leader in Turkey now, you are a leader in the Muslim world as well."
Egypt's new president, Mohammed Morsi, also addressed the congress on Sunday and said that both countries planned to stand by Palestinians and the Syrian people.
"Our common goal is to support other people who are standing up against their administrations or regimes, to support Palestine and the Syrians in their efforts,'' Morsi said.
"The events in Syria are the tragedy of the century," Morsi said.
"We will be on the side of the Syrian people until the bloodshed ends, the cruel regime is gone and Syrian people reach their just rights."
Erdoğan promised that Turkey, which is host to some 88,000 Syrian refuges as well as Syrian opposition groups, would
continue to support the Syrian people wanting to oust the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.
They appealed to Russia, China and Iran to stop backing the regime.
"We call on Russia, China as well as Iran: please review your stance. History will not forgive those who stand together with cruel regimes," they said.
The mayor of Cannes has banned burkinis from the beaches of the French Riviera resort famous for its annual film festival, which took place in May this year. The ban comes as a result of the nearby jihadi attacks in Nice and on the church where a priest was beheaded. The disruption of public order over public display of the burkini was cited as a reason.
Thierry Migoule, head of municipal services for the town, stated: “We are not talking about banning the wearing of religious symbols on the beach … but ostentatious clothing which refers to an allegiance to terrorist movements which are at war with us.” Although this argument is sure to raise concerns within and outside of France about democratic rights, there needs to be a public discussion about the truth of Migoule's assertion. France has been jolted by jihad attacks, which has created a public safety dilemma and unnerved the public, and has taken a toll on the tourism industry; foreign tourists are now said to be shunning France.
Western political correctness and the failure of authorities to target the jihad war against Western infidels has not only resulted in tragedies and deaths; it is inevitably leading to reactionary measures, as we see with the burkini ban, as well as in rising government and media concerns about so-called “far right extremists.”
Even in Egypt, concern about the public statement that was being made by those wearing overt Islamic garb such as the niqab became a public security issue following a rise in jihad attacks in recent months. This led to a push to ban the niqab in Egypt, supported by Parliamentarians in the Egypt Support Coalition, loyal to President al-Sisi.
“Burkinis banned on France's Cannes beaches by mayor”, UK Telegraph, August 11, 2016:
With 12 sections spread throughout the stadium, the Corner Zone has the most available seating in the park. It's also proving to be one of the most popular, with sections 123, 124 and 115 already sold out. Sections 108-114 have higher seating available with shade from the summer heat, while sections 104-105 give fans some of the closest views of the field.
The Corner Zone is closer to the Supporter Zone than the bench and is situated behind the goal on the dugout side. It's a nice middle ground for fans who aren't afraid to yell and get on their feet, but want the chance to relax during breaks in the action.
One added benefit of the Corner Zone is its positioning just in front of the hot chicken and barbecue concession stands, so halftime food is just a few steps away.
After years of conservative media figures agitating for congressional Republicans to impeach President Obama, today House Speaker John Boehner announced plans to sue the president for not "faithfully executing the laws of this country." Discussing the suit -- which would be filed on behalf of the House of Representatives -- Boehner claimed that it was "not about impeachment." But in a piece for The New Republic, Brian Beutler argues that conservatives' push to stir up outrage over Obama has led Republicans to seek a "relief valve for the building pressure to draw up articles of impeachment": Having created a clamor within the GOP conference, and the conservative base, over Obama's use of executive power, Republicans now must satisfy the consequent appetite to do something about it. Suing Obama is meant to do that. The goal is to be head-turning enough to simultaneously address coalition management obligations--calm restive conservatives, keep the base energized--and serve as a relief valve for the building pressure to draw up articles of impeachment. The risk is that it'll whet rather than diminish the right's appetite for impeachment. But Boehner doesn't have much choice. You can't gin up this much outrage over Obama's actions, and then do nothing to stop him, when the Constitution provides you so many tools to do just that. Much of the building pressure for impeachment has come not only from congressional Republicans, but from conservative media figures, whose calls for impeachment have been a steady drumbeat since Obama took office.
Just yesterday, Rush Limbaugh was telling their radio listeners that Obama "needs to be impeached" for "using the IRS to damage their political opponents." (Limbaugh had previously concluded that even if Obama deserved to be impeached, the "racial component" would save him.)
Earlier this month, National Review contributor and former federal prosecutor Andrew McCarthy tried to kickstart the impeachment movement by publishing Faithless Execution: Building The Political Case For Obama's Impeachment. Slate's David Weigel placed McCarthy's book in the context of a recent push by conservatives to impeach the president "without looking crazy."
In Faithless Execution, McCarthy argues that while the legal case for impeaching Obama was a no-brainer -- the second half of the book is comprised of McCarthy's own draft Articles of Impeachment -- Republicans would need to build a political case with the public in order to actually go through with it.
The week McCarthy's book was released, they started kicking up dust about how President Obama's exchange of Taliban prisoners for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl amounted to a "high crime and misdemeanor."
Fox News judicial analyst Andrew Napolitano ran with McCarthy's impeachment idea on Fox & Friends, calling it a "very, very valid argument that people are going to start talking about." Fellow Fox News contributor Allen West also used the Bergdahl release to lay out "the case for impeachment of Barack Hussein Obama" and has fundraised off of impeachment for their political action committee.
Starting in early 2009, conservative media figures have called for the president's impeachment over any number of issues, including (but not limited to): the Boston Marathon bombings, the administration's support of failed solar company Solyndra, immigration reform, the failed Fast and Furious gunrunning operation, Benghazi, reportedly offering former Democratic Representative Joe Sestak a spot on a presidential panel to convince them to stay out of a primary, the implementation of the sequester spending cuts, health care reform, and their birth certificate.
By David Cygielman
Ten years ago, Justin Timberlake's “Sexy Back” topped the Billboard charts, the second installment of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise was the highest-grossing movie of the year, Google purchased a quickly growing video-sharing site called YouTube, and I had a full head of hair.
At the same time, a group of Jewish friends living in the San Francisco Bay Area in their early 20s were trying to figure out how to be young professionals and/or graduate students in the “real world” while staying connected to their Judaism. They had positive Jewish experiences growing up and some stayed engaged during college, but as 23-year-olds, they found themselves more than a decade younger and in a completely different phase of life from the local young adult programming being offered and no longer had access Jewish life on their former college campuses. Rather than simply disengaging Jewishly, they hosted a potluck Shabbat dinner with the encouragement of a generous future donor. Seventy-three people showed up, all gathering for their first Shabbat as young, post-college adults. They may have known or not known they were on to something special: the beginning of Moishe House.
Fast forward 10 years and those casual Shabbat gatherings among friends have evolved into a global network of hubs of peer-led Jewish life for young adults, called Moishe Houses. Our work now also includes a packed calendar of Jewish Learning and Leadership Retreats and a rapidly-growing initiative that empowers Jewish young adults to host peer-led programming from their own homes, wherever they live (titled Moishe House Without Walls – MHWOW). In 2015 alone, Moishe House engaged more than 43,000 unique young adults around the world through 7,400+ programs that were created by Jewish young adults for Jewish young adults.
But at Moishe House, it isn't the numbers that make us proud of the work we've done across the globe for the last 10 years; it is the people that have served as Moishe House residents, MHWOW hosts, Jewish Learning Retreat participants and community members at our programs since 2006.
It is the story of Tiffany Harris, a resident of Moishe House Washington D.C. – Columbia Heights, who arrived in Washington, D.C. in January 2014 with a job at the Peace Corps headquarters and their favorite Crossfit Tel Aviv t-shirt. A few weeks later, someone approached them at the gym while they were wearing that same shirt and told them about this place called Moishe House. Less than three years later, Tiffany is not only a resident of Moishe House Washington, D.C. – Columbia Heights, but is also the resident representative on Moishe House's national board of directors.
It is the two-month backpacking trip to South America that lasted for more than two years for NY native, Evan Rosenstock. In college, Evan was not highly engaged in Jewish life, but while spending time away from home in Buenos Aires, they ended up building one of the first international Moishe Houses. Today, they have developed their skills and now leads programming professionally at JDC Entwine.
From Moishe House's earliest days 10 years ago, it has been people like Tiffany, Evan and thousands more who have driven Moishe House's programming, growth and impact. As a result, hundreds of thousands of young adults have discovered and connected to a Judaism that feels real and accessible to them. They are creating Jewish communities that will sustain them throughout their lives.
What has been accomplished over the first 10 years brings us a sense of pride but it is not what drives us. For us to really be successful, we must deepen the experiences, increase the reach and create more ways for young Jewish adults to meaningfully connect to their Judaism. This will happen with more Moishe House houses, stronger leaders, increased learning and most of all, a continued commitment to peer-to-peer engagement. We are continuing to learn and put this learning into action. For example, we have found that immersive learning experiences are more attractive than weekly classes so we are doubling down on our multi-day education offerings.
Yet, we estimate that we are only serving 10 percent of what is possible and look forward to many more monumental footsteps in making the long-term impact we seek. There are cities we are not serving, there are leaders we are not reaching and there are programs we have not yet launched. These Jewish young adults continue the trend of settling down later, being more mobile and diving deeper into a shared economy. As this new phase of emerging adulthood now becomes a longer period than high school and college combined, it is more important than ever to provide the most meaningful and rich Jewish experiences that will form the relationships and rituals to last a lifetime.
This is a time to celebrate but also to reflect on what we have yet to do. While we engaged 33,485 unique participants last year, we still do not have Moishe Houses in Madrid, Nashville, Montreal, Mexico City, or many other key cities. Despite having six different locations in Los Angeles, a young adult might still have to drive 45 minutes in traffic to attend a program. MHWOW has so much to expand its footprint well beyond a few specific cities and a couple of organizations where MHWOW is available to cohorts of alumni. We need to continue to deliver and grow high value programming by engaging Jewish adults through our houses, MHWOW and learning retreat platforms.
Ten years since that first potluck Shabbat dinner in Oakland, Drake's “One Dance” is topping the Billboard Charts, Finding Dory is the highest-grossing movie of the year, Google is testing self-driving cars and I am officially old enough to have a bad back and life insurance. From Australia to Austria and Beijing to Boston, we now have 94 houses in 22 countries around the globe with many more on the way.
As we quickly learned 10 years ago at Moishe House, leaders in their 20s are one of the best and most valuable sources for ideas, programming and creating their own community – and we must be there to support them.
David Cygielman is Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Moishe House.
You have three more days to help out the Colorado-based producers of
Crafting a Nation
, a feature-length documentary that "tells the story of how the American Craft Brewers are rebuilding the economy one beer at a time." The group's
Continue Reading
ends on Friday, and although donors have already pushed them well past their $5,000 goal, you can still get in on the ground floor if you donate.
For all of this week's craft beer events, turn the page.
Wednesday, January 9
Every Wednesday through the month of January, Euclid Hall Bar & Kitchen, 1317 14th Street, will surrender its back-wall taps to various craft breweries. Tonight's takeover is courtesy of California's Russian River Brewing Co. Euclid will begin pouring the brewery's Supplication, Consecration and Temptation ales at 7 p.m.; call 303-595-4255 for more details.
The Copper Kettle will open a cask of Mexican IPA today as part of the brewery's new Firkin Wednesday program. The beer is made of 75 percent Black IPA and 25 percent Mexican Chocolate Stout.
The Rackhouse Pub has been hoarding beer, but has now decided to share with a series of Wednesday night "I'd Tap That" events. The latest is today at 5 p.m., when the Rackhouse brings out Flying Dog Brewing's Kujo Imperial Coffee Stout, Galaxy Single Hop Imperial IPA, and St. Eadman Belgian Dark Strong Ale.
Lucky Pie Pizza and Taphouse will tap Grand Teton Brewing's Coming Home Holiday Ale and Double Vision Dopplebock today at 4 p.m.
Hogshead Brewery will tap a firkin of Gilpin Black Gold London Porter today at 4 p.m. It's the brewery's regular Black Gold that has been dry hopped with Fuggles hops and Tcho chocolate. Also on cask today: Chin Wag ESB and Eurotrash Black Lager.
River North Brewery will feature a new take on its Quandary Quadrupel today for its weekly Wayward Wednesday tapping. The beer has been fermented with an Abbey yeast strain and "exhibits warmer alcohol notes backed by malt sweetness," the brweery says. There are only five gallons, so get there early.
Thursday, January 10
The J Wells Brewery, at 2516 49th Street in Boulder, opens for the first time ever today at 1 p.m., serving three beers on tap. Owner Jamie Wells has been working for four years to convert their 1.5-barrel homebrewing kit into a commercial system that could sate the thirst of many more people, and he'll finish that task today.
Friday, January 11
Upslope Brewing will re-release its canned seasonal, Foreign Style Stout, at 2 p.m. today in its Boulder taproom; it will be available on draft and in six-packs. The beer, which was Upslope's first anniversary beer in 2009, was also its first canned seasonal. Roasty and smooth, the 6.9 percent ABV beer will be available in liquor stores next week. There will also be a Q&A session with the brewers from 4 to 6 p.m., live music from DD & The Beamer, and grub from the Heirloom food truck.
Sunday, January 13
The Cheeky Monk on Colfax will tap three of Firestone Walker's previous anniversary beers, 14, 15 and 16. It's hard to find just one of these beers, hurry to the Monk to try all three.
Monday, January 14
In 1906, William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody took their traveling circus on the road to Belgium. Now, more than a hundred years later, a beer that was accidentally brewed as a result of that tour (according to legend, at least) has made its way to Colorado, where the famous buffalo hunter is buried. Buffalo 1907, as well as two other beers made by the van den Bossche brewery in Sint-Lievens-Esse, Belgium, will be served today at a party at the Cheeky Monk Belgian Beer Cafe that will be attended by van den Bossche's head brewer, Belgian dignitaries and Steve Friesen, director of the Buffalo Bill Museum and Grave.
Tuesday, January 15
Every Tuesday in January from 3 p.m. until close, Euclid Hall will feature three two-ounce pours of selected beers paired with three bite-sized snacks from the Euclid Hall kitchen for $12.50. Today's is entitled Planes, Trains and Automobiles, though I don't know what that means in terms of either the beer or the snacks.
Wednesday, January 16
The three beers in Avery Brewing's Dictator series are all seasonal releases, but once a year The Kaiser, the Czar and the Maharaja are able to convene. But only eight spots -- six in Colorado, one in California and one in Texas -- are worthy of the summit. They include Avery's taproom and the West End Tavern, both in Boulder; Denver's Euclid Hall; The Mayor of Old Town in Fort Collins; Brewer's Republic in Colorado Springs; and the Vail Ale House in West Vail. Join them at 7 p.m. as they raise a combined toast.
Thursday, January 17
The Denver Bicycle Cafe will host two beer-and-cheese pairings today with the Copper Kettle Brewing Company and Marczyk Fine Foods; the first is at 6 p.m. and the second is at 8 p.m. For $20 ($25 on the day of), you get four five-ounce beers -- from a light lager to a dark stout -- paired with four hand-selected gourmet cheeses. There will also be a discussion.
The Falling Rock Taphouse will break out kegs of Alaska Brewing's Alaskan Smoked Porter going back to 2009. Try one or try the whole vertical beginning at 5:30 p.m.
Friday, January 18
Denver Beer Company will host a beer dinner today at 7 p.m. with the Mike2Kitchen food truck to celebrate the grand opening of DBC's new Barrel Room annex. The brewery will pair five of its small-batch beers with four courses from Mike2Kitchen, including cured and smoked trout with a crispy potato latke, sour beer reduction with lemon and caper and horseradish creme fraiche, paired with DBC's very first barrel-aged brettanomyces beer, Saison du Fou. Tickets are $60 plus gratuity. Call 303-433 2739 for reservations; get more information on Denver Beer Company's Facebook page.
Saturday, January 19
Fans of the Copper Kettle have been askign for more hoppy beers, and the brewery is happy to oblige. It will release American IPA, "a bright, citrusy" brew today. There will also be live music from Brad Murphey and a food truck in house.
Thursday, January 24
The Falling Rock Taphouse is clearing out parts of its vast cellar this month and will give you the chance to taste five years' worth of Avery Brewing Company's stellar Czar Imperial Stout today beginning at 5:30 p.m.
Join the Denver Bicycle Cafe every two weeks for some free beer samples from rotating local Denver breweries. Today's tasting, at 6 p.m., features Strange Brewing.
Saturday January 26
The Falling Rock Taphouse will hold a Vintage Beer Sale today from noon to 6 p.m. "It's been a few years since we've done one of these, and my cooler looks like it," explains Taphouse owner Chris Black in their newsletter. "We've got a few too many bottles of different vintages so...we'll put up a big dry-erase board of all the different beers we're clearing out and the quantity available for purchase (at substantial discount I might add) as we sell one we'll update the board and countdown till we're out."
Copper Kettle will tap a new beer, Oak Aged Double IPA, today; the brewery, which typically serves less hoppy beers, has never done one of these before. This one was aged in "in oak spirals for a hint of earthiness in the end."
Follow
Westword
's Beer Man on Twitter at @ColoBeerMan and on Facebook at Colo BeerMan
Share. An underwhelming start. An underwhelming start.
Justice League underwhelmed in its opening day at the domestic box office.
As reported by Forbes, the latest DC film from Warner Bros. debuted to $38.8 million on Friday, which includes $4.5 million in IMAX sales. This figure just barely eclipses Wonder Woman's $38 million Friday debut, and is well behind Marvel Studios' latest, Thor: Ragnarok, which made $46 million on opening day.
Exit Theatre Mode
Justice League's opening day is also far lower than other DC films, including Suicide Squad, Man of Steel and Batman v Superman, which debuted to $65 million, $56 million, and $81 million, respectively.
Even if the drop-off for Justice League isn't as severe as it was for Batman v Superman, the film's underwhelming opening day suggests it's quite possible the domestic total for the film's weekend debut could come in at just $80 million. Previously, Justice League was tracking to open in the $110 million to $120 million range domestically.
For our thoughts on the film, whose production budget reportedly climbed to nearly $300 million, read IGN's Justice League review.
DC Extended Universe: Every Upcoming Movie 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 23 Click through the slideshow for DC's entire planned slate of films. Some are scheduled and have release dates while others are still in development and subject to change -- or may not happen at all. 01 OF 23 Click through the slideshow for DC's entire planned slate of films. Some are scheduled and have release dates while others are still in development and subject to change -- or may not happen at all. DC Extended Universe: Every Upcoming Movie Download Image Captions ESC
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. Find them on Twitter at @alexcosborn.
Pain and Laughter
Scene 1: a pain shoots through my right leg, right down the nerve that runs from the outside of my hip to my knee, and without any drama on my own part my leg simply gives out and I collapse to the floor. It hurts a lot and I honestly have to take a second, rolling on my belly to try to get back up and limp toward my adversary for revenge. But first I have to catch my breath because I'm laughing; and I have to figure out my revenge quickly because my foe is already aiming to kick me again. It's morning training and my trainer, Pi Nu, gets a look on their face when he's going to try something cheeky in padwork. Or when they stand too close to me when I'm idle between rounds, I know he's going to throw some impromptu sparring into the mix. Just messing around, playing. I know that look; I know that proximity. Mostly the answer is to just throw whatever I can back at him, try to hurt them a little. Sometimes I win, sometimes I lose. He'll tell me if I lose – he's really consistent at pointing that out. But it's funny. The pain is real and the dominance and power struggle in our exchanges is real – but the outcome doesn't matter. I lose, doesn't matter; I win, doesn't matter. Both are funny and I like reminiscing and telling a good story about why it hurts to go down the stairs to walk my dog.
Sometimes it's the trainer who initiates it, sometimes it's me, but the response on either side is generally the same: a smile, a laugh, and firing something back. It breaks the ice. Now you can kick each other or be thrown on the floor.
Scene 2: I'm hitting pads with a man named Kru Lek, who I don't know. I met them 10 minutes ago, at Sang Morakot Gym in Bangkok, and he's the trainer of some really famous fighters in Thailand and I've just watched them smashing the pads with him; guys with twice my experience and nearly twice my size. There's a degree of awkwardness as we both figure out each other's ranges, pace, habits and angles. It's like a new dance partner or small talk with someone you just met. Except, instead of throwing in a little verbal jab to have a laugh and test out boundaries, I throw an actual jab – or an unexpected teep. Sometimes it's the trainer who initiates it, sometimes it's me, but the response on either side is generally the same: a smile, a laugh, and firing something back. It breaks the ice. Now you can kick each other or be thrown on the floor. Now we're both laughing and I might get a feinted elbow to let me know that I'd be sliced open in a real fight by now, but we both make the “ooooiii” sound in acknowledgement of it and I immediately cut them back – imaginary style. Now the onlookers outside the ring are pretending to make bets. It's a game and we're all pantomiming after the real thing, but with great joy and easiness. After we leave this gym a woman from the film crew – we were filming for an American Travel Channel show with Andrew Zimmern – asks me, “so how long have you been training at this gym?” When I tell them that was my first time there and I've never met any of those people before she's astounded. They thought from watching our work that we trained every day together for years. But you might assume that kind of thing if you saw two people laughing together and exchanging jokes in any context – it's a sign of comfort and that's a sign of familiarity. But you can do this anywhere, and you can invite this kind of rapport with anybody; or you can learn to, anyway.
I've very recently had the opportunity to train at a number of different gyms, for a variety of different reasons: filming for a US television program at the Sang Morakot gym in Bangkok; filming 1-1 private lessons with great teachers in Thailand for my sponsors, Nak Muay Nation; and supplementing my training at a local gym. Contrary to what some people who see my website think, I am not frequently traveling around to different gyms in Thailand and trying out all their different training methods. I've only trained at a small number of gyms and for extended periods of time, but when my training falters in one area, I do have to branch out and try to supplement my training by whatever means I can. Recently, I've needed to supplement my clinch training and so I've had three days' worth of experience at the Sor. Klinmee gym in Pattaya.
There are natural tides in the training at any given gym in Thailand and at times the ebb and flow can mean that I'm not getting all the work in that I need. It doesn't mean my gym isn't good, it just means I need more. So I asked Pi Nu's blessing to go get some clinch training at a local gym that happens to be headed by a friend of Pi Nu's – they grew up together and trained together as kids. There's a little bit of tension involved, but they gave their permission and the owner at Sor. Klinmee (while we'd never met before) knows who I am. So when I asked if I could come by and just do some clinching with a few of their boys they said that was fine. So, in the logistical realm of setting this up, it went pretty smoothly.
The Passport to Experience in Muay Thai
But getting Pi Nu's blessing and then being allowed into Sor. Klinmee is not what really makes this kind of thing possible. In the three days that I've been clinching at Sor. Klinmee, I've been thrown into the ring with one boy who is much taller and heavier, one boy who is actually very near my size but very strong, skilled and a show-off, and one boy who is smaller but strong and tricky. That's a good sampling. Most of my work is with the tall one, Nin, who has a great attitude and we have a lot of fun. I laugh a lot; I make jokes with him, yelling out “Super Bonus!” when they try a flying knee (a joke that stems from the new bonuses awarded at Max Muay Thai on TV) and one time when they accidentally kneed me in the face (with the fleshy part of their thigh, so no damage), I laughed it off – they apologized and we kept going. And I laugh when I get something good in, too. It's all fun. It's all play, whether I'm getting my ass kicked or getting a move in edge-wise. And same with the other two boys; whether I'm winning or losing, I'm laughing.
This wasn't possible for me even 6 months ago. It's not even universally possible for me now, but I will say that I have to strain to remember a time in the last few months when I wasn't laughing and playing with Pi Nu in padwork; when I wasn't having fun and laughing and joking around in sparring or clinch. Like, you can remember that one dude who takes Beer Pong way too seriously, because they stand out. That's how experiences of not having fun stand out for me in the past months of training. I even do it in unfamiliar situations, like going over to Sor. Klinmee; like when I filmed with the Travel Channel at Sang Morakot gym – I played with Kru Lek, who I'd never met before in my life prior to that. We didn't know each other. And I feel like we both got more out of it as a result.
They would tell me to smile, because they wanted me to relax. I was too tense. But I couldn't do it. I'd actually tell them that I couldn't smile because I didn't feel like smiling, because someone is trying to punch me in the face. That wasn't funny at the time. But it's funny now.
And there's a reason this is really recent for me. I can remember back to when I first landed in Thailand and was training in Chiang Mai at Lanna Muay Thai, and Andy was holding pads for me. Andy is amazing. He's this Muay Thai, life coach, guru and they know their shit. They would tell me to smile, because they wanted me to relax. I was too tense. But I couldn't do it. I'd actually tell them that I couldn't smile because I didn't feel like smiling, because someone is trying to punch me in the face. That wasn't funny at the time. But it's funny now. When someone successfully punches me in the face, it's funny. So what changed? Well, everything. But mostly it's that I've become more comfortable with contact, with pressure, with aggression – both mine and that being directed at me. I haven't quite brought it into the ring yet – I mean, I smile sometimes, but I'm not cackling and calling out “Super Bonus!” to my opponents in fights. There are limits, obviously. But there's a looseness and a relaxation – exactly what Andy was aiming for when they told me to smile, almost 4 years ago – this is new. And it's liberating. I learned this from Pi Nu. They never sat me down and instructed me in it, but they pushed me and molded me in that direction. They never sat me down and taught me to teep, either, but they integrated it into our padwork over the last year and lo and behold, I'm teeping like a mother-fucker in my fights now. It's that kind of development. I didn't try – I mean, I consciously tried to be less of an asshole and not so tense all the time, so there was some mental training of aiming toward “play” – mostly it was just actually playing with Pi Nu every morning in padwork and having them interject in my clinching in the afternoons, playing with me when I would get thrown down to the ground so that I would then get up and play with my partner, instead of feeling like I'd just “messed up.” Essentially, Pi Nu has given me a Passport to be able to train anywhere. But it's the genuine impulse to laugh when I'm caught with something. I've even done it in a few fights recently: once when I turned my whole body like an asshole on a punch that went nowhere (that's funny, it must have looked ridiculous), and just in my last fight with Faa Chiang Rai when they teeped me hard into the ropes and I went back, like, 4 feet. “Good shot,” that laugh says, “but it doesn't matter. Now it's my turn.” I actually laughed, out loud, in the ring – spontaneously, because I felt joy in it. Before I'd be beating myself up for having made a mistake. But you know, it's a contact sport… contact isn't a mistake.
Master K gave me my heart in Muay Thai; through them I learned to really, truly love Muay enough to dedicate myself entirely to it. They allowed me to love it so much it became an obsession.
To Love…And To Be Loved
This difference of not only being able to smile – as Andy had wanted me to – but actually feeling the impulse of joy and genuinely laughing in the midst of contact and pressure is immense. I feel it in every part of my Muay Thai. It makes me more free, it allows me to try things even if they look wrong; to take credit for the things that do work instead of only being critical of myself for the things that don't. It's like how you can be yourself around those who love you. And that's the greatest feeling in the world. John Lee Hooker sings in a song, “the greatest thing you'll ever learn/ is just to love and be loved in return.” Those things clearly go together with great joy, but the separation of the two is quite painful and difficult. You need both. Master K gave me my heart in Muay Thai; through them I learned to really, truly love Muay enough to dedicate myself entirely to it. They allowed me to love it so much it became an obsession. But in learning how to play, in guiding me down this path in a slow and consistent process, it's Pi Nu who has taught me how to be loved by Muay Thai, in return. By having both sides, I'm finally free to do and be anything – whether I succeed or make a mistake, it doesn't matter – it's all love. The math, no matter how you add it up or subtract it out, the sum is only love.
You can support this content: Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
+ T -
Поделиться:
Знаете, чему детей учат сразу после того, как они встали на ноги? Причинно-следственной связи. Огонь обжигает, вода мокрая, стукнешь совочком соседа по песочнице – получишь сдачи. Это и есть базис нашей социализации – понимание того, что любое действие рождает реакцию. Импульс – ответ. И самое сложное в этом мире – общаться с людьми, у которых эта причинно-следственная связь отсутствует.
Пусть простят меня боги азбучных истин, но ленты соцсетей вынуждают снова проговаривать банальные вещи.
Первое. Галичане – русофобы, они еще в Великую Отечественную предали СССР
Напоминаю, Западную Украину присоединили к СССР в 1939-м году. Это присоединение запустило на землях Галичины процессы классовых чисток. В отличие от остальной Украины, эти земли не имели в запасе 20 лет на привыкание к новой социальной реальности. Не было временного лага, за которое выросло бы новое – лояльное Москве – поколение, как это происходило в других областях страны. Предать может только «свой», а для жителей Западной Украины Советский Союз уж точно не воспринимался как «родина». Мотивы людей, семьи которых за полтора года до войны раскулачили, выселили или отправили в колхозы, вряд ли лежат в области защиты государства, проделавшего все это. А потому во многом именно политика СССР была причиной, а действия западноукраинских повстанцев – следствием. А не наоборот.
Второе. Украина развалила СССР, «оттяпала Крым» и теперь мы лишь восстанавливаем справедливость
Напрягаемся и вспоминаем: основные идеологи распада СССР были не в Киеве, а в Москве. Первыми, кто объявил о своей независимости – еще до ГКЧП – были Прибалтика, Грузия, Молдавия и Армения. А первый Съезд народных депутатов РСФСР принял декларацию о государственном суверенитете 12 июня 1990 – на месяц с небольшим раньше, чем это сделал Верховный совет УССР (16 июля). Причиной была борьба Бориса Ельцина с Михаилом Горбачевым. Следствием – парад суверенитетов.
Третье. Майдан устроил переворот в Киеве, а потому Москва не связана с Украиной обязательствами по соблюдению территориальной целостности
Договоры о границах подписываются правительствами, но заключаются с государством. Смена власти, военный переворот, землетрясения, вторжение инопланетян и падение астероидов на этот вопрос никак не влияют. Если Москва считает, что в Киеве был переворот, то она – вместе с остальными гарантами украинских границ в лице Вашингтона и Лондона (привет, Будапештский меморандум) – должна настаивать на прозрачном и открытом избрании легитимной власти. Обязательства в отношении границ не отменяются, покуда государство продолжает существовать как субъект международного права. И даже переворот (если уж так кому-то нравится термин) государство не обнуляет.
Четвертое. Никакой аннексии Крыма не было, потому что Москва присоединяла к тому моменту уже независимый полуостров
Давайте по порядку: в ночь на 27 февраля был захвачен крымский парламент и Совмин, а лишь затем депутаты назначили референдум о статусе полуострова. А «декларация о независимости АРК и Севастополя» была принята крымскими депутатами и вовсе 11 марта – уже после того, как российские войска две недели разгуливали по улицам крымских городов. Даты вне политики: сперва захват органов власти и ввод войск (или вывод их из казарм ЧФ, что ничего не меняет), а только потом – смена гражданства для территории. В такой ситуации говорить о правовом характере объявления независимости (даже если оставить в стороне все остальные нюансы) даже как-то неловко.
Пятое. Если бы полуостров не сменил гражданство, его бы ожидала судьба Донбасса
Крым не мог бы стать Донбассом именно потому, что без Крыма не было бы Донбасса. Именно отсюда ехали в восточные области все те люди, с которыми теперь на пресс-конференциях ругается Кургинян, обвиняя в сдаче Славянска. Именно Крым дал им надежду, что на Востоке Украины будет аналогичный сценарий. Не было бы Крыма – не было бы и «ДНР» с «ЛНР».
Шестое. Добровольцы из России приехали защищать регион от агрессии Киева
Люди, утверждающие подобное, словно не замечают, что Донбасс превратился в «горячую» точку лишь после появления там российского оружия и добровольцев-«реконструкторов». И если бы Москва, Януковичи и региональные царьки не решились зажечь фитиль, то Донецк и Луганск жили бы обычной жизнью – привыкая к новым элитам. Потому что все последние 23 года главный запрос региона – это стабильность (которую не случайно водружали на политический щит все местные политические выходцы). В конце концов, перед глазами есть пример Днепропетровска, который еще недавно давал социологам 12% сепаратистских настроений, а сегодня превратился чуть ли не в базу украинского госстроительства. Именно потому, что региональные власти принесли сюда стабильность – столь ценную на фоне контраста с соседними областями.
Седьмое. Если бы не российское вмешательство, то Крым и Донбасс оказались под властью националистов
Что ж, повторение мать учения: на президентских выборах главные идеологи этнического украинского национализма – Ярош и Тягнибок – набрали в районе статистической погрешности и уступили даже бизнесмену Вадиму Рабиновичу. А Порошенко под категорию этнонационализма уж никак не попадает. Ему можно приписать разве что национализм политический и гражданский, но это, извините, составляющая абсолютно любой страны в мире. Включая Россию.
Восьмое. Киев не хочет садиться за стол переговоров с Донбассом
Я бы понял этот аргумент, если бы мне объяснили, с кем именно вести переговоры. Пока же вся ситуация в регионе напоминает первую чеченскую – несколько полевых командиров, каждый из которых не имеет влияния на соседей. К тому же самые влиятельные люди в «ДНР» – Игорь Стрелков и Александр Бородай – вообще не имеют украинских паспортов. Как можно вести переговоры о будущем региона, который Киев считает частью Украины, с вооруженными иностранцами?
Девятое. Вы ругаете Януковича, а он, между тем, Майдан танками не разгонял
Я что-то не могу вспомнить на вооружении активистов Майдана гранатометы, ПЗРК, танки и БМП. Если кто видел – пусть освежит мою память. Вся статистика погибших людей в Киеве свидетельствует, что основными жертвами были демонстранты, а не силовики (105 гражданских и 20 правоохранителей).
Десятое. Ну и чего вы добились своим Майданом? Стреляли в Януковича, а попали в государство
Ну, в этом, быть может, и есть разница между двумя странами. В российской традиции государство само по себе цель и ценность, а для украинцев это средство развития человеческого капитала. Если госмашина служит для дерибана и проедания, то в топку такую госмашину. Если государство нужно лишь для коллективного «януковича», то, значит, это государство нужно пересобрать. Вот именно этим Украина сейчас и занимается. А благодаря позиции Кремля весь этот процесс приобрел очертания национально-освободительной борьбы.
И последнее
Вот, мол, говорят, если бы Януковича не трогали, то все бы осталось, как было. Так вот – не осталось. Майдан случился бы в перевыборном 2015-м. И точно так же бы случился и Крым. Впрочем, как и Донбасс – вряд ли люди, приложившие столько усилий для превращения страны в ООО, согласились бы уступить власть на выборах. Майдана не могло не быть – Украина была съедена до костей: ресурс сохранения былой парадигмы был исчерпан. Коллективный «янукович» лишь ускорил процесс, но он его не мог предотвратить. Потому что история, как это не удивительно для кого-то прозвучит, развивается не в категориях желаемого, а в категориях логичного. И чем быстрее вы это поймете на примере Украины, тем скорее начнете замечать, что именно сегодня происходит с Россией.
Новый регион
IT has been said, admittedly on a TV comedy show, that eating more than six bananas at once will kill you.
Karl Pilkington, the grumpy friend of Ricky Gervais and fellow comedian Stephen Merchant, said in Meet Karl Pilkington — An Interview with Ricky Gervais that there was a limit to how much of the fruit you should eat at once.
“Before when you were talking about bananas ... I had that fact, about if you eat more than six, it can kill you,” Pilkington said to Gervais.
“It is a fact. Potassium levels are dangerously high if you have six bananas ... I saw a bowl of bananas. There are six bananas there. You know why there's only six? Seven would be dangerous.”
But is that true or an urban myth?
Catherine Collins, a dietitian at St George's Hospital in London, England, told the BBC that potassium is crucial for survival and can be found “within every single cell of the body,”.
“We use it to help generate an electrical charge which helps the cell function properly. It helps keep your heart rate steady, it helps trigger insulin release from the pancreas to help control blood sugars, and more importantly keeps blood pressure in check.”
Small degree of (dietetic) satisfaction that people more interested in bananas than @jeremycorbyn at the moment pic.twitter.com/k9XheI89Sy — Catherine Collins (@RD_Catherine) September 13, 2015
If the potassium level in the body is too low or too high it can cause an irregular heartbeat, stomach pain, nausea and diarrhoea. Potassium chloride used in lethal injections in the US, as extremely high doses can cause cardiac arrest.
However, Collins said “it would be impossible to overdose on bananas.”
“You would probably need around 400 bananas a day to build up the kind of potassium levels that would cause your heart to stop beating ... Bananas are not dangerous — and in fact they are, and always have been, very good for you.”
The Australian Government states that adult men should consume 3,800mg of potassium daily and women should intake 2,800mg per day.
An average banana, weighing 125g, contains 450mg of potassium, meaning a healthy male can consume at least eight bananas before reaching the recommended level.
Collins said people with kidney disease should steer clear of foods that are high in potassium.
“These patients have a very low kidney function which can potentially see a build-up of harmful potassium levels in their blood stream because they can't get rid of the mineral when they pass urine,” they told the BBC. “So in theory it is possible for someone with kidney disease to die of a high blood potassium level if they decided to consume lots of different food types rich in the mineral.”
Turkey, famous enough already for being the main dish on Thanksgiving Day, is also an Asian country, wannabe European. And just like any other country in the world with access to the Internet, it has the right to claim it breeds women of the best kind there is.
The models, actores and TV hosts in this video are not bad at all, but then again, they're in no way representing a standard in how average Turkish women actually look. Turks have been known for centuries to be roaming all over Eastern Europe in search of foxier females, so the video above is more than irrelevant.
The comment battle on this particular Youtube video, though, is on such an ingrate level, it makes you feel bad for the Turkish users. That until this vigilante shows up, who just solves it all in the name of the Ottoman Empire. They explain it simply, in their words, saying how the whole turkish beauty gene has evolved over the years:
“bulgars were ancient turkic people and f*cked by ottoman turks armenians are terorist and f*cked 1000 yyears by turks persians and greeks are same f*cked 1000 years by turks lol f*ck keep bastard nations”
xManyakYakisikli, a charming 23-years old Turkish authority in world f*cking history
/conflict
Featured photo from here.
The chips are down. China's 19th party congress has rubberstamped support for President Xi Jinping's ambition for a China-led world order in the future, the Americans are “woke” to that reality and India has an opportunity to make a differenceJapan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has come back with a fresh mandate after a risky snap election to add their country's considerable heft to the clarifying dynamic. Last year, Tokyo committed $200 billion for international infrastructure projects. India and Japan announced the Asia-Africa Growth Corridor in May to partner in development projects.These are concrete responses to China's push for influence. In other words, facts on the ground are changing and a critical mass could make a difference. Australia is eager to join India, the US and Japan and complete the “quad” of democracies . It walked out the last time after China raised eyebrows — Chinese influence in Australian politics is a matter of fact, not conjecture. India will have serious questions but New Delhi has signalled it's open to discuss the idea.India, the US and Japan have already been talking about an overall strategy to provide an alternative to China's One Belt, One Road initiative (OBOR), and counter Beijing's biggest strategic play. Just a few months ago, India stood in solitary splendour as the only major critic of OBOR as Xi celebrated in front of an impressive international audience of leaders and underlings.India now has company, with Washington loudly declaring that OBOR is nothing but “predatory economics” by another name. That most Asian countries are deeply worried about bargaining their sovereignty for development is no longer a secret. Five months after the high-voltage OBOR summit, more and more governments are wondering if they walked into a trap.But the starkest question facing Asia is whether the US under President Donald Trump's leadership can maintain the balance of power in its favour, ensure order and help create more mechanisms to counter China's ambition, reach and deep pockets. In other words, can it do a real pivot this time?Not for a minute should anyone doubt Xi's resolve or the Chinese Communist Party's unquestioning support for him, especially after the skilful elimination of potential rivals. Their power is absolute and theories — hopes rather — that the system will crack under its own burdens are unrealistic as they always have been. The system hasn't collapsed — it accommodates just enough to ease the pressure, letting nationalism take care of the rest.Yes, the game is unfair when one side is unencumbered and the other is bogged down in a million debates inherent to open, democratic systems. But that's how Dangal unfolds in the real world.US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's Diwali speech and their subsequent visit to South Asia this week were a big step in providing an overall policy framework and much-needed coherence. Finally the State Department looked at India and China together instead of thinking of them as separate compartments in a dangerously archaic paradigm.Tillerson has proposed a partnership with India “for the next 100 years” in an attempt to project for the long term and give New Delhi confidence. The world needs the two countries to come together to ensure freedom of navigation, rule of law and free trade in the Indo-Pacific, they said. The speech was about India but it was also the Trump Administration's first wellconsidered response to OBOR.Tillerson was sharply critical of China. They called Beijing out for violating international norms and subverting the sovereignty of its neighbours. No other administration has used the kind of direct language they did to challenge China.There is also more clarity in US policy on Pakistan than ever before and less room for Rawalpindi's games, despite its apologists working overtime in Washington. The tone is different and the ultimatums to Pakistan to shut down the terrorist bazaar sound more real. But does the bark have a real bite or will the Americans go for another ride on the roller coaster of partial compliance, tactical delivery of hostages and terrorist leaders with no real change?The White House must hold firm on Pakistan and call its bluff. It should also stop worrying about Pakistan going completely into the Chinese camp – that bus left sometime ago and with encouragement from the previous administration when US officials and experts were happy that China was sharing the “burden” of Pakistan and Afghanistan.If the US holds firm on Pakistan, it will raise confidence levels in New Delhi and strengthen resolve to tackle the long-term threat of China. Tillerson's speech and visit --both of which went down well in New Delhi – must be result-oriented. They have put India at the centre of a wider Indo-Pacific strategy. It is not a trap, as some fear, but an opportunity to build.And, no, India is not assuming the role of an American “vassal” in a “complex tug of war” as one newspaper editorialised but acting in its own national interest, which happens to find convergence with Japan and the US.
Mad or bad: the inadequacy of the lone wolf theory
Posted
Religiously motivated terrorism and psychological imbalance are not mutually exclusive. Viewing the tragedy in the Lindt Café as a 'one-off' by a 'maddy' is dangerous wishful thinking, writes Rachael Kohn.
The hostage taking in the Lindt Café in Martin Place, Sydney, which resulted in three dead - two innocent victims and the perpetrator - has prompted observations that the lone gunman should be viewed as mad rather than bad.
It is a situation that reminds me of an earlier one that I knew at close range.
When the world was reeling from the cult menace, roughly from the 1970s through to the 90s (including People's Temple, Solar Temple, and Aum Shinri Kyo), which resulted in the deaths of innocent people through neglect, murder and forced mass suicide on several occasions, as well as the suffering of thousands of followers through extortion, incarceration, sexual abuse of minors, and so forth, the commentators were divided.
Some were keen to find psychological explanations for both the leaders and their followers, as if it would somehow help to clarify a situation that was too hot to handle. That is, regardless of how calculated were the methods of punitive control and extortion exercised by the leaders and their cabals of loyal minions, being harshly critical of the groups in question could earn you the reputation as religiously intolerant or bigoted, strange as that may sound.
Yet to those who knew that inside various cult premises some very disturbing practices were the norm (some of which is coming out again in the current proceedings of the Australian Royal Commission of Inquiry into Sexual Abuse in Institutions), the psychological explanations were secondary if not irrelevant to the main issue of crimes wilfully and repeatedly committed under the cover of religion.
Delusional megalomania or religiously justified predation, the results were the same, the harm of followers.
And so today we are finding the commentary on the self-styled 'Sheikh Haron' divided. Some are keen to avoid the label of a consciously Islamist terrorist and instead prefer an explanation couched in psychological interpretation, i.e. that they were an imbalanced 'lone wolf'.
There are two things wrong or inadequate about that explanation. One is the assumption that religiously motivated terrorism and psychological imbalance are mutually exclusive. They are not.
Any cursory review of the lives of Hitler, Stalin, and Pol Pot reveals a strong brew of both psychological mania wedded to ideological motivation. Which comes first is irrelevant, because in most cases they feed off each other. Undoubtedly, it is the reason why some suicide bombers are given mind-altering drugs to carry out the dirty deed, which they might otherwise find too repugnant or too frightening.
Secondly, the idea that the 'lone wolf' is not associated with terrorism is a misunderstanding of how Islamist jihad has morphed today into a war on two fronts: overseas insurgencies that target everyone who is not a certain brand of Islam, and on the other hand, a sophisticated internet presence that incites anyone in the West (or dar al harb, the land of infidels) to carry out single acts of destruction.
The 'lone wolf' is no longer acting entirely on their own, but is linked voluntarily to a worldwide internet phenomenon, which today includes the demand for establishing a caliphate against the so-called 'demonic Zionist Crusader West'. These individuals, lone may they be, are nonetheless part of an imagined 'community of Allah or dar al Islam'.
The big worry today is how much the legitimate media unwittingly feeds the fire of terrorism. In the past, the power hungry cult leader was often described in the sociological literature as a charismatic figure, who had a rare gift of conjuring a mesmerizing allure due to their or their personal qualities and strategic ploys.
Now, however, both the professional media and social media have turned previous nobodies into rock stars overnight, and none more obviously than the ginger haired jihadi, the Australian teenager who joined ISIS and goes under the name Abu Khaled Australia. Seeing how readily clips from their self-made video were screened world-wide has made it an obvious route for disaffected youth yearning for instant stardom.
Sheikh Haron was from an older generation, but an attention seeker nonetheless. From the moment they chained themselves to the New South Wales Parliament fence back in 2001, through to their YouTube video recruiting jihadis and infamous threatening letters to public figures from the Prime Minister to myself, they were typical of a man on a mission. It required a certain amount of mania to keep them on it for all those years, but they finally got round-the-clock coverage in their final 24 hours.
Perhaps if mad was also seen as bad, they would have been stopped in their tracks well before it all came to a hideous end. Viewing the tragedy in the Lindt Café as a 'one off' by a 'maddy' is not only wishful thinking, it is also ignorant of the many cases that the police and intelligence services have already foiled. It is a terrible pity that the 'fake Sheikh' was not on their watch list, perhaps too mad to be taken seriously.
Rachael Kohn is a senior ABC religion producer who has worked across programs including The Religion Report, Religion Today and The Spirit of Things. View their full profile here.
Michigan's Democratic primary was not supposed to have been one of the more thrilling Tuesdays in this long and bruising presidential primary. It had been declared a foregone conclusion well before the polls opened. Michigan was so surely an impending Clinton victory that one couldn't even call it their contest to lose — that would imply that Sen. Sanders had hope. Preliminary polls within the state found Clinton as much as 20 points up over Sanders. FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver put their odds of winning at a supremely confident "greater than 99 percent."
And then Clinton lost. For a brief moment, the most shocking thing happening in Michigan wasn't that Rick Snyder remained comfortably ensconced in the governor's mansion, somehow not yet dragged by their bulldog jowls down to the banks of the Flint River and handed a bendy straw. In the parlance of professional sports analysis: This is why they play the games.
The Sanders victory has become the one-point margin that roared. Keep in mind that by the most generous delegate calculus — one that considers Clinton's pledged superdelegates still up for grabs — Sanders remains the second-place runner in a two-person race. However, the upset in Michigan had handed both camps and all media outlets an unforeseen narrative to manage. Sanders supporters hailed it as a campaign milestone and the pivotal moment their candidate would use to at last overtake Clinton; Clinton's people spun the loss as a minor setback on their otherwise steady course to the Democratic nomination. During the Democratic debate in Miami the night after, the upset remained so firmly central within the storyline that Clinton was asked about it directly. ("I won one of the contests and lost the other," they replied, touting their victory in Mississippi while otherwise choosing to remain placid.)
Within the scramble to explain how the conventional wisdom had been proven so wrong, the trusted electoral augurs so disappointingly human, several members of the commentariat class latched on to a singular shiny object: the statistic that Sanders had defeated Clinton within the city of Dearborn, population just shy of 100,000 with more than 40 percent of that population of Arab ancestry. Sanders won Dearborn by 20 points. Statewide, their support from those who identified as Muslim voters was proportionally the same level or better. WNYC talk show host Brian Lehrer referred to it as their "stat of the night," and other pundits were soon to vocally register their wonderment as well.
Surprise of surprises, the story became. The Muslims have supported a Jew.
A bit about me: I arrived in the United States from Karachi, Pakistan, when I was less than a year old and was raised in a relatively quiet, middle-class suburb of Chicago. It's a biography that grants me the technical if not practical status of a "first-generation" immigrant.
My mother and father hail from Pakistan and India, respectively; both are lifelong, practicing Muslims. Chicago and its surrounding suburbs maintain a tight-knit community of Muslims from the countries of both the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent. This community includes several families shaped like my own. with adult children now in their late 20s to early 40s who have never resided in any country but America.
My experience is not unique in and of itself. I endured many of the same pressures to succeed academically as my ethnic peers, the same conflicts about what media and popular culture it was appropriate for me to consume. I enjoyed much of the same discriminatory abuse as anybody else unfortunate enough to reside in the United States with the same skin tones and bone structures as ayatollahs, Baathist strongmen, and airline bombers.
That said, I cannot and will not personally declare myself qualified to speak for Muslims, including the communities of Dearborn or other regions of Michigan. Although born and raised within a Muslim family and community, my connection to that faith and culture remains prone to waxing and waning, much like the celestial body that serves as the foundation for its calendar.
Still, I can't ignore how completely the media has misunderstood and misinterpreted Sanders's win in Dearborn.
The Muslims have supported a Jew.
The analysis that Sanders' 70-30 margin in Dearborn Definitely Means Something, that this is an Omen of Primaries to Come, unravels by pulling at only a few straying strands of it.
Consider Dearborn itself. The Arab American Institute estimates that approximately 94 percent of all Arab Americans live in larger metropolitan areas, and in some cases the number of Arab Americans in these urban regions may be nearly equal to the total population of Dearborn itself. However, Dearborn's unique character comes not from its volume but its density of Arab-American residents. For the statistically minded, it seems to offer a rich opportunity to know the mind of the national Muslim electorate.
Except: "Arab American" is not synonymous with "Muslim." Dearborn's Arab-American population is in fact significantly Muslim — illustrated by America's largest mosque, the Islamic Center of America, having been a fixture of Dearborn for more than 50 years — but it is hardly monolithic, and not necessarily representative of larger populations.
The majority of Dearborn Muslims are Shiite, for example — but Shiite Muslims are a minority worldwide, representing less than 15 percent of the global Muslim population. Nationwide, Arab Christians represent nearly half of all Arab Americans; in Dearborn this proportion is much less. Dearborn is also made of a specific set of national identities, primarily Lebanese with smaller groups of Iraqis, Yemenis, and Palestinians. Furthermore, those Arab Americans who identify as either Shiite or Sunni Muslim are not themselves monolithic — like any people of faith, depth and manner of belief will show variation from person to person.
Further still, observe that only one-third of Dearborn's 60,000 registered voters made a point to cast a ballot at all on Tuesday; of these, 60 percent voted in the Democratic primary and 40 percent in the Republican primary. It is unclear how many of these 20,000 voters identify as Arab-American, Muslim, both, or neither. Tobin Grant at Religion News Service points out that the media is guilty of an ecological fallacy here, using the final results as a clear indicator of individual actions. Knowing that 40 percent of Dearborn's population is Arab-American — including those who are not of voting age — doesn't automatically tell us how that 40 percent voted. And it won't tell us how Muslims in other states will vote, either.
The Muslims have supported a Jew.
The essential concern about this construction isn't the fact itself. It's the way it presents itself as improbable.
The American understanding of Jews and Muslims as a whole has a tendency to be examined through the microcosm of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, with its generations of failed peace accords and infuriating, endless bloodshed. One might even assume that this is a fundamental animus — that it is inherent, that it is bred into the genetic code of those who practice the Islamic faith to mistrust and dislike the Jewish people. Since Sen. Sanders is Jewish, they must be a revelatory candidate, for is it not astonishing how Muslims have so dramatically managed to overcome their natural hatred?
Thus far, it has come as something of a relief to me that I haven't seen counterpoint analyses of the Michigan primary results suggesting Clinton's failure to connect with Muslim voters is rooted in misogyny. This notion would be rooted in another prevailing perception that all Muslims are patriarchal creatures who could never see themselves agreeing to be led by a woman. That it has not been widely circulated at this time does not mean the opinion doesn't exist. Nor does that opinion cease to exist when one points out that Benazir Bhutto held the position of prime minister in heavily Islamic Pakistan, nearly two decades prior to America tentatively preparing to congratulate itself for just maybe possibly this time electing a woman to the presidency.
All of it is deeply reductive thinking. In its own way it is as damaging to the perception of American Muslims as the overt prejudice espoused by the loudmouth, firecracker-flinging charlatan who currently and jaw-droppingly remains the prohibitive favorite to win the Republican Party's nomination.
The modern paranoid mode regarding Muslims in America, any Muslim in America, is that without warning one of them could activate as an agent of mayhem, or at the very least seek to poison the principles of the nation by pouring Islamic law into the constitutional reservoir. This mode is so stitched into our daily lives that some Americans can't even look at a starving, traumatized Syrian child without being fearful that this child will murder them.
The result of such a paradigm is that even in this data point about a single state's primary victory, Muslims continue to be defined as a group by what they are assumed to hate: women, Jews, the Western world in general.
It seems to take an extraordinary force of will on the part of media analysts to instead consider these Muslim voters as individuals with nuanced sets of political beliefs. Sanders is indeed a secular Jew, but they are also a firebrand preacher against economic inequality and racist systems still festering within the American social structure. Clinton is not Jewish, but they also have in their long political career voted to support the 2003 invasion of Iraq and had a heavy hand in a government drone program that has killed numerous innocent civilians in its pursuit of confirmed terrorist operatives — a program, it should be noted, that Sanders has said they would continue.
The Muslims have supported a Jew.
The Muslims have also, in the past, supported Christian after Christian, despite being told in no uncertain terms that certain Christians don't want any Muslims living here; despite long-past historical instances of Christian persecution of Muslims during the Crusades or the Spanish Inquisition. Muslim Americans support candidates of non-Muslim faiths in their bids for elected office because they are invested in the quality of life and of leadership in America. And they do this because very rarely are they given the option to vote for another Muslim American for any elected office at all.
Bilal Dardai is a playwright, performer, essayist, and official guy in your newsfeed who's always posting about either politics or science fiction. They live in the Chicago area with their wife and son.
First Person is Vox's home for compelling, provocative narrative essays. Do you have a story to share? Read our submission guidelines, and pitch us at firstperson@vox.com.
On Friday's broadcast of HBO's “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said to former Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, “stay in the woods. Okay. You had your shot. You f*cked it up. You're Bill Buckner.”
Maher reacted to Clinton saying they were “ready to come out of the woods” by stating that they wish people like Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein who called Clinton the lesser of two evils would admit they were wrong.
They added, “But the other side of it is, Hillary, stay in the woods. Okay. You had your shot. You f*cked it up. You're Bill Buckner. We had the World Series, and you let the grounder go through your legs. Let someone else have the chance. This to me — the fact that she's come back, it just verifies every bad thing anyone's ever thought about the Clintons, that it's all about them. Let some of the other shorter trees get a little sunlight.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
According to Russian Emergencies Minister Vladimir Puchkov, Russia plans to send another humanitarian aid convoy to Eastern Ukraine, which will be the country's tenth aid convoy to the war-torn Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
SAMARA, December 20 (Sputnik) — Russia plans to send another humanitarian aid convoy to the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of eastern Ukraine on December 21, Russian Emergencies Minister Vladimir Puchkov said Saturday.
© Sputnik / Vera Kostamo Russia to Send 10th Humanitarian Convoy to Ukraine Within Days
"Today we are finishing the preparation on the tenth humanitarian convoy, and early tomorrow morning it will leave [for Donbas]," Puchkov said, adding that the convoy will deliver food, building materials, medical supplies and other goods to the crisis-stricken eastern Ukrainian regions.
This would become the tenth Russian humanitarian convoy to enter eastern Ukraine since August.
According to Puchkov, the Russian Emergencies Ministry together with other agencies and regional authorities has also taken measures to provide assistance and support to people forced to flee eastern Ukraine for Russia.
The Donbas region is suffering from a severe humanitarian crisis as a result of Kiev's military operation against the pro-independence forces in southeastern Ukraine.
In total, Russian convoys have delivered more 12,000 tons of aid to the crisis-stricken Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
Islamist violence has chased off tourists, and now it threatens a key waterway -- and Egypt's entire economy.
Most of the attention these days is on Syria, but there is also a growing problem in Egypt with global implications. Nine Egyptian police officers were wounded by a bomb in the northern Sinai Peninsula on Monday. The week before, suicide bombers killed nine soldiers in the peninsula. Shootings, kidnappings and bombings -- roadside, car and suicide -- have become routine occurrences in Sinai. And the burgeoning Islamist insurgency is spreading to other parts of Egypt. In early September, the interior minister narrowly survived a car-bomb attack in Cairo reportedly perpetrated by a Sinai-based jihadist group.
Already reeling from more than two years of civil insurrection, a spike in crime, an epidemic of sexual assault and the military's killing in August of nearly 1,000 Islamists protesting the coup that removed the elected Muslim Brotherhood president from office, the insurgency is bad news for Egypt.
But things could get worse.
On Aug. 31, two militants fired rocket-propelled grenades at a Chinese-owned cargo vessel traversing the Suez Canal. A Sinai-based Al Qaeda affiliate called Kataeb al Forqan claimed credit and posted a YouTube video of the attack. Although the vessel did not sustain significant damage, the group pledged to continue the assault on canal shipping.
Should the militants persist, sooner or later they will all but certainly succeed in damaging, disabling or scuttling a ship in the canal, a development with potentially catastrophic implications for Egypt and international commerce.
The 2011 toppling of President Hosni Mubarak has already had dire consequences for Egypt's economy. Continual protests and sporadic violence throughout Egypt have spooked investors, drying up foreign direct investment, once an economic pillar of the state. Not only is investment down -- 32% in the third quarter compared with last year, according to Egypt's Central Bank -- foreign capital is fleeing. Over the last six months, more than $3 billion has been expatriated.
Tourism, traditionally nearly 10% of economic activity in Egypt, has plummeted. In the south Sinai tourist haven of Sharm el Sheik, the occupancy rate has declined to 36%. Meanwhile, across the canal in the Red Sea governorate, a third of the nearly 250 hotels have closed. Absent the legions of journalists, Cairo would also be empty of foreigners spending money.
Even before the August violence, the World Bank had ranked Egypt 140th -- last in the world, behind Pakistan and Yemen -- in terms of tourist safety. And the situation is further degenerating. Over the last month, according to the Ministry of Tourism, the number of visitors dropped an astounding 85%.
Now the third pillar of the economy, Suez Canal revenue, which amounts to nearly $5 billion a year, is at risk. In 2012, more than 17,000 vessels transited the canal. Lately, fewer ships are utilizing the passage, and last year, revenue declined 5%. The first half of this year saw a 6.6% drop in traffic, prompting Egyptian authorities to raise fees.
Cairo is hoping that an uptick in the global economy will increase canal traffic next year. But the Aug. 31 incident could stymie these aspirations. Security concerns reportedly have some international shipping companies considering alternative routes, including innovative Arctic routes escorted by Russian icebreakers.
In coordination with its Israeli partners, the Egyptian military is flooding Sinai with troops and equipment -- including attack helicopters -- in an effort to contain the insurgency. At the same time, the military has reportedly allowed armed Israeli drones to enter Egyptian airspace to target militants. Still, it's unclear whether the augmented force will be able to pacify the area or mitigate the threat to Suez Canal navigation.
The military, over the last two months, has been making arrests and killing purported terrorists, but the attacks on security officials have not abated. In fact, between foreign fighters, angry Bedouin and members of the Muslim Brotherhood further radicalized by the coup, the number of militants appears to be spiking.
Equally daunting is the challenge of defending the 120-mile-long canal, most of which is vulnerable to attack. Kataeb al Forqan says it is committed to targeting the passage that accommodates "crusader aircraft carriers traveling to attack Muslims" and that serves as "a trade artery for infidel" states.
For a state in which nearly 50% of the population is making less than $2 a day, with an official unemployment rate approaching 15% and a crippling 2012-13 budget deficit of $35 billion against $84 billion in expenditures, the loss of the canal would be devastating. Not only would it undermine confidence in the military's ability to restore stability, it would embolden militants who continue to seek a restoration of Islamic rule in Egypt.
While inconvenient, in the worst-case scenario, Washington could make alternative arrangements to deploy military vessels to the Persian Gulf to counter Iran. And now that the fence along the frontier is complete, Israel too can mitigate much of the terrorist threat from Sinai. For Egypt, however, the targeting of the canal highlights the ongoing vulnerability of the state.
The Egyptian military claims it has made significant progress toward restoring security in Sinai. But Egypt's security problems now extend well beyond the peninsula, so much so that the situation is starting to resemble the low-level Islamist insurgency that persisted throughout much of the 1990s. Bolstered by the technical capabilities of foreign fighters, this round promises to be even more difficult for Cairo to contain. Until security in both Sinai and the Nile Valley is reestablished, Egypt's economic recovery and political stability -- along with Suez Canal shipping -- will remain at risk.
David Schenker is the Aufzien Fellow and director of the Program on Arab Politics at The Washington Institute.
Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool hosted league leaders Arsenal during a midweek round of fixtures in the Premier League. The match ended up being a thriller and an early contender for most entertaining match of 2016. Winning would've undoubtedly boosted Arsenal's chances at winning the league title, while Liverpool were hoping to enter their match against rivals Manchester United on a high.
With their side in 8th place at kickoff, Jurgen Klopp has had a roller-coaster time adapting to the English game so far. Some results have been overwhelmingly impressive, while others have been not satisfactory for a club that envisions itself as one that should be challenging for the title. Liverpool have recently had key players suffer injuries, with some believing a mixture between the frequency of games and the high intensity pressing style of Klopp as a potential cause. The former Borussia Dortmund boss has come under fire from renowned fitness coach Raymond Verheijen, who believes that Klopp ignored, and is now blaming, external factors that come with coaching in England for the injury crisis.
When it came to team selection, Klopp opted not to field a recognized striker. Instead they fielded Roberto Firmino and Adam Lallana up top as false 9's, with their side effectively playing a 4-4-2-0 (more on this later).
Arsene Wenger selected their side to play a 4-2-3-1 formation, although it appeared to be a 4-1-4-1 at certain stages. Their team selection was also impacted by injuries, per usual at this time of year. The absence of Francis Coquelin meant Mathieu Flamini started alongside Aaron Ramsey.
Liverpool's High Intensity leads to Early Domination
In the opening stages of the game, Liverpool aimed to be on the front foot and overpower Arsenal by attacking with speed down the wings. While the central zones were not neglected by Liverpool, they were not prioritized in the early minutes.
James Milner would drift inside to allow Alberto Moreno to overlap them and force Joel Campbell to track back, stifling any counterattacks for Arsenal that may have gone down the right. The two of them would combine and interchange in wide areas, hoping to get in solid positions to send crosses into the penalty area.
Emre Can in particular played multiple speculative passes from distance early on to try and send wide players through on goal or at least create a 1v1 with Hector Bellerin, who was put under pressure in the first 15 minutes or so. They continued to play passes into wide areas throughout the night.
Jordan Ibe throughout the match tried to beat defenders out wide and demonstrated great belief in their abilities on the dribble. This led to a consistent supply of passes from defense and midfield, to the point where better options where neglected.
In the 7th minute, Jordan Henderson made a run which would've broken through the defensive line and created a 1v1 with the goalkeeper if found accurately. However, it was ignored by Adam Lallana, preferring to play a flighted ball out wide to Ibe, indicating the tactic at hand was to dominate on the wings to try and pin Arsenal's midfielders Walcott and Campbell back and play from there.
Since Arsenal's wide attacking options were not in advanced areas of the field when they recovered the ball, Petr Cech and the defenders played long passes up to Giroud and Ozil in an attempt to push the team up and gain some forward momentum. Giroud generally lost their aerial battles to the physical presences of Sakho and Kolo Toure, but even when Arsenal were able to get the ball down in transition, Henderson and Can were excellent tracking back and applying pressure to the ball carrier to regain possession.
Can's work defensively in transition led to the Red's first goal, as they helped dispossess Theo Walcott after a corner kick. They were found in space immediately after and their shot was rebounded in by Roberto Firmino.
Defensive Issues for Both Teams
Instead of playing a high press, Jurgen Klopp chose to have their side drop off and play a lower line of confrontation. Rather than pressure the center backs, Lallana and Firmino instead blocked off passing lanes into the midfield.
This meant that Liverpool's intense pressing defensively came once the ball was in the midfield. Lallana and Firmino acted as additional players to provide organization for Liverpool's team pressing as opposed to leading efforts from the front. This formed a 4-4-2-0 shape when in defense. Initially, when Arsenal's attacks were forced down the center of the pitch, Liverpool had great success defensively due to their numerical advantage in the center. They used these numerical advantages all over the midfield, using their superior athleticism and fitness levels to cover more ground than Arsenal and win the ball back effectively.
While their pressing and positioning was generally solid in midfield, once Liverpool had to defend in their final third was when issues came up for the home side. Firmino and Lallana did not track back far generally, meaning the numerical advantage Liverpool had in midfield was lost in their own third. Arsenal had no difficulty finding space in between the lines since Liverpool's midfield line was flattened out and could not prevent these balls from finding feet.
Once Bellerin and Monreal started to venture forward later on in the match, Liverpool exhibited poor horizontal compactness as they were stretched out. Luckily, they were not punished because of this, as Olivier Giroud missed an absolute sitter from the best chance created as a result of the lack of compactness, and the other two goals were following set pieces, which Klopp expressed disappointment at.
Aaron Ramsey was a problem player for both Arsenal and Liverpool defensively due to their positioning. Due to their meandering forward in attack, they would overload central zones and be left free in areas an attacking midfielder would normally occupy, causing problems for Liverpool's midfield. This is what exactly took place on Ramsey's equalizer in the 14th minute, where their run from deep was undetected and beat Simon Mignolet near post.
However, this behavior also left their midfield partner Flamini isolated, thus creating a 4-1-4-1. When playing against a traditional 4-4-2, this may not have been as big of an issue, as the strikers would be lined up on the center backs and Flamini individually could have prevented passes going into the forwards. However, Lallana and Firmino dropped into the space that Ramsey and Flamini would normally be. Since Ramsey was not present when this occurred, Flamini was overrun by the two of them.
Arsenal were punished for this only five minutes after Ramsey's goal when Roberto Firmino moved into the space where Ramsey would've normally been, and placed an excellent curling shot in the top right corner, which Cech could do little about. Firmino has excelled in this type of role before, specifically with Brazil which I discussed last year.
To counteract Flamini being overrun, Joel Campbell would pinch in centrally when the ball was not on the left flank or when Aaron Ramsey was not in a decent position, opting to leave Alberto Moreno open in the process.
With a zonal defending system, constant communication is required to adequately cover the spaces and make sure no player is left free in a covered zone. Arsenal on occasion did not show the high level of work required to effectively defend zonally. They consistently let Liverpool players run past them if a Red advanced into another zone without passing them along, leaving them open to be found for forward passes. This was the biggest worry in the beginning of the match, when Arsenal's whole defense looked lethargic while Liverpool were energetic.
Arsenal were also weak in transition when losing the ball, displaying little to no counterpressing and essentially allowed Liverpool opportunities to break with little resistances at times.
Liverpool Problems in Attack
Once the match settled down after the opening excitement, chances were harder to come by for Liverpool than for Arsenal.
The hosts continued to have their attacks involve the wings in some capacity, whether it was with build up or setting up chances to potentially finish. Arsenal responded to Liverpool's increasing reliance on the wings by creating a deeper block with more players in it, decreasing the likelihood of any cross or cutback from creating a chance. When crosses were sent in the box, the two false 9's posed almost no threat to actually win the ball in the air, so the strategy had little inclination to be working.
This also forced Firmino and Lallana to have to drift into wider spaces in order to receive the ball, since the space where they were roaming earlier was now covered. This subsequently removed players from the center and made Liverpool easier to defend and more predictable.
These problems only worsened after Arsenal took the lead through a marvelous goal by Giroud. After the goal, there was an increased sense of urgency from the Reds, yet from a possession standpoint, Liverpool were getting in very poor positions to optimize ball circulation, meaning a direct style was in order.
Not surprisingly, the approach Liverpool was employing did not match they players on the pitch. until Christian Benteke entered the match for James Milner. For some unknown reason, the direct approach did not really come into play until Joe Allen came on as a substitute.
Up until stoppage time, Liverpool seeked to pump crosses into the box, hoping to reach the head of Benteke or center back-cum-striker Steven Caulker. One of them eventually paid off, as Joe Allen volleyed in a header from Benteke following a free kick to cap off an exhilarating match.
Conclusion
While the match itself was exciting, it was not a tactical masterpiece by any means. The Premier League at the moment I think is currently predicated as to who can capitalize on their opponents mistakes the best, rather than forcing those mistakes in the first place. When faced against higher level opposition in Europe, English teams may struggle for precisely that reason. Klopp may be one of the first steps in a tactical revolution in the Premier League, but many obstacles lie in their way at the moment. Until then, the claim of the Premier League being the best league in the world has to be under scrutiny, as the best teams clearly show they are not tactically among the best.
In the meantime however, Arsenal has a difficult stretch of matches ahead that will show if they are really worthy of the league title this year, while Jurgen Klopp will hope to get their tactics and team selection right on Sunday against Manchester United after a grueling match midweek.
Follow me on Twitter! @AReynolds70
Advertisements
The jury in the first-degree murder trial for Dalhousie medical student William Sandeson, 24, is scheduled to resume hearing evidence in the case on Tuesday.
Sandeson stands accused of killing Dalhousie University student Taylor Samson, 22, who went missing in August 2015.
Their body was never found.
READ: Jury hears William Sandeson told roommate not to come home on night of alleged murder
Thursday was the last day the seven-woman, seven-man jury sat before the holiday weekend.
The trial heard from several witnesses last week, including two members of Ground Search and Rescue.
Lawrence Corbin, also a volunteer searcher, testified that when they arrived to search at the Sandeson family farm in August 2015, they were told by officials that searchers could possibly find human remains. None were ever located.
In total, eight weeks have been set aside to hear the case.
READ MORE: William Sandeson murder trial hears full day of testimony ahead of holiday weekend
Follow @NatashaPace
Change, a blockchain-based mobile finance application has announced a partnership with Kyber Network, a decentralized and trustless exchange that facilitates the instant conversion of crypto-assets with guaranteed liquidity. Kyber's protocol will be key to promote liquidity of crypto-assets in the blockchain ecosystem and improve the perception of tokens as a tradable asset class to the greater public.
Kyber Network not only tackles the liquidity and security issues of modern crypto exchanges but also eliminates delays caused by long confirmation times. It also aims to be a payment service that allows anyone to pay for goods and services in any token, while the recipients get paid in their preferred token.
The Singapore-based startup has raised 200,000 ETH in a record token sale with the launch of its own ERC20 token KNC.
Change also announced earlier in the month it would begin shipping user Change cards by the end of the month, but the team has hit some resistance to these original plans. The company said that although the development of the card functionalities was completed on its side, they are forced to delay the shipment of the first Change Cards until the next quarter, due to unforeseen circumstances with the card integrator.
Despite the card delay, the release of first usable Change digital wallet is on schedule. The team recently integrated the feedback obtained from over 500 core beta testers, which has been instrumental in its development. CryptoNinjas will update as soon as Change announces full-go its card shipments and release of the first version of its digital wallet.
Change Wallet Provides a comprehensive approach to mobile finance. Not only it is easy to get started — it takes less than 5 minutes to create an account on any smartphone — it is also extremely sophisticated and secure, with a clean and responsive interface, and state-of-the-art data protection features. Change Wallet facilitates the management of cryptocurrency portfolios, providing fast and secure ways to acquire, store, and transfer major digital currencies such as Bitcoin, Ether, and Litecoin. Other cryptocurrencies that meet the ERC20 token standard will also be supported, including Change's own token (CAG).
The Change team said:
“Change is pleased to be Kyber Network's latest partner in our ambitious common goal of finance without borders. The integration of Kyber's protocol with the Change Wallet will allow more users to exchange ERC-20 tokens with very little fuss. Change users will be able to use Kyber's on-chain, conversion services to send and receive different cryptocurrencies without ever leaving the App or using any other interface, allowing for simple portfolio management.”
Earlier this month, Change completed a rebranding with a visual identity update, on this, the team commented:
Lamarck, Lysenko, and Modern Day Epigenetics
Chris Faulk is a postdoctoral fellow studying environmental epigenetics and evolution at the University of Michigan, School of Public Health. This is the first in a series of posts discussing the science of epigenetics.
Not all heritability is genetic, and humans, like all animals, have the ability to adapt to the environment.
One of the main mechanisms for altering gene expression is through epigenetics, literally “above the genome”. Epigenetic has been in the news lately for its potential impacts on human health, and has even been touted as requiring a complete overhaul of the modern synthesis of evolutionary theory. The basic premise of epigenetics is that chemical marks (DNA methylation, histone modifications, and bound non-coding RNAs) can result in gene expression changes and be passed down through cell division without changes in a cell's DNA. If these changes are passed down through the generations, they are considered non-Mendelian, since they do not follow the law of genetic segregation. Practically, epigenetics means that the environment can impact your physical characteristics, your phenotype, and potentially even be passed on to your offspring. In this first post I will be discussing some historically mistaken ideas about non-Mendelian inheritance. In later posts I will review some of the current ideas in modern epigenetics and how they impact our view of inherited traits.
You may recall the ideas of Jean-Baptiste Lamarck who, beginning in the early 1800's, put forth the hypothesis that giraffes could pass on long necks to their offspring by stretching their own necks throughout their lives, or that blacksmiths would have children with large musculature. We know this isn't the way heredity works, and today I will discuss what happened when a whole nation adopted similar ideas in an ill-fated attempt to improve agricultural production to the detriment of the health of millions.
Can you get chocolate milk from brown cows? Believe it or not, during the cold war, Soviet scientists tried many experiments to achieve a very similar goal starting with plants. In 1927, an agronomist named Trofim Lysenko working at a remote agricultural station in Azerbaijan, published a report that winter varieties of wheat, which require a prolonged period of cold exposure in order to flower, could be permanently transformed into spring varieties that did not need cold exposure. The process required treating wheat seeds in moisture and cold, and was termed ‘vernalization'. Scientists had long since known that seedlings exposed to cold temperatures could be induced to flower within one season, however Lysenko's main contribution was the idea that such a transformation could be inherited to the following generations without any treatment. By 1938 they had been named president of the Academy of Agricultural Science where they used their influence to enforce adherence to their ideas. Despite strenuous objections by the Russian scientific community, Lysekno's ideas reached the ear of Soviet leaders and would become doctrine for decades. Several books have documented Lysenko's rise to leadership, the interrelationship of their political leanings and scientific beliefs. The resultant purge of ideas and the scientists who advocated them serves as a lesson against political ideology influencing the scientific method.
Lysenko was a son of peasants with little education who rose to power on the strength of personality and ruthless denunciation what they termed “bourgeois science” by any means necessary. To wit, it is now known that they systematically faked data and field trials and denounced whole fields of science, such as statistics, that conflicted with their theories. In one famous exchange, Lysenko published a refutation of Mendel's laws of inheritance that was criticized by the brilliant Russian statistician Andrey Kolgomorov. Lysenko responded by stating,
“We biologists do not take the slightest interest in mathematical calculations, which confirm the useless statistical formulae of the Mendelists … We do not want to submit to blind chance … We maintain that biological regularities do not resemble mathematical laws.”
By the early 1930's, fifteen years after the Bolshevik revolution, Lysenko's ideas had taken hold among the communist party elite in Moscow. They were convinced that Mendelian ideas of inheritance were contrary to Marxism because they implied necessary competition whereas they believed different species could thrive best by co-operating, leading to disastrous plans such as “cluster planting” which drastically reduced plant yields. As a result, the study of genetics ceased almost entirely in the Soviet Union until 1964 when Krushchev, who backed Lysenko, was deposed. Lysenko's ideas were based in Lamarck's belief in the inheritance of acquired characteristics, and adapted to fit Marxist ideology. The ideological tenants underlying Lysenko's theories and their political consequences have been outlined in great detail in “The Lysenko Affair” by David Joravsky. Setting aside the political ramifications, what would science be like if Lamarckism had been taken seriously? How is it different from our modern concept of environmental modification of gene expression in epigenetics?
Given the premise of Lamarckism, with home-grown modifications, what sorts of results would a scientific community expect to be able to produce? Extending from their experiments with vernalization, Lysenko proposed that plants could be induced to change character in drastic ways. According to him, grafted plants would share characteristics in offspring. We know that there is some horizontal gene transfer between root stock and grafts, but these traits do not pass to seed. In their own scientific journal, they claimed to be able to adapt cotton and potatoes to be grown in far northern climes, a project also met with failure and shelved. Contrary to traditional practice of giving space to planted saplings, they claimed trees would grow best in clusters, with weaker saplings dying off for the good of their brethren (complete die-offs occurred instead.) They variously claimed that they could transform rye into wheat and barley, and that fertilizing hens with several cocks could create hybrid chickens. They even suggested at a conference that warblers gave birth to cuckoos by changing their diet. This all culminated in their claim to be able to increase the butterfat content of cow milk by breeding small Jersey cattle males with large local breed cows, or by feeding young cows diets high in fat, another experiment they were never able to carry out. Their ideas rested on the ability of the zygote responding to its environment during development, as they stated, “The zygote is no fool.”
How are these ideas different from heritable epigenetic traits? In the case of the butterfat-producing cattle, they insisted that small bulls from breeds with high butterfat production must be mated to larger cows from local breeds in order to produce offspring with the butterfat trait, because the size of the offspring, and the butterfat trait, would be determined by the size of the mother, an idea that would come as a surprise to many animal breeders today. Lysenko rejected the idea of genes as the basis of heredity; indeed they ignored or was unaware of the discovery of DNA as genetic material as shown by Oswald Avery in 1944. Since epigenetic marks are generally chemical modifications of genes, controlling their expression, epigenetics relies upon the concept of genes. Epigeneticists today understand that there is a complex relationship between epigenetic marks and the genetic background, both being important to an organism's response to environmental conditions and the limits of plasticity. Needless to say, no epigeneticist endorses the idea of transforming one species to another. Importantly, the epigenetic code is a layer on top of the genome, not separate information carrying entity, and its plasticity is subject to evolutionary pressures.
In the turn of the twentieth century, long before the rise of Lysenkoism, August Weismann had formulated the germ plasm theory, that heritable information can only be passed through the germ cells, and that use and disuse of somatic tissues cannot affect this germ plasm. The most dramatic experiment supporting this “Weismann barrier” involved the removal of tails of 5 generations of mice, all of whom continued to have offspring with tails, putting the final nail in the coffin of Lamarckism. Today our molecular methods allow us to interrogate the epigenetic marks of the “germ plasm” (i.e. sperm and eggs in animals) and discover the extent by which the environment can indeed affect these marks. We know that environmental changes by toxicant exposure, stress, nutrition, and other factors can alter the epigenetic marks of many body tissues, including the gametes, and so an intergenerational epigenetic effect can be seen. It is important to note, however, that these changes are considered non-Mendelian, but not Lamarckian, and that we have a molecular basis for understanding genetic and epigenetic changes. In my next blog post, I will cover some of the best-supported findings of epigenetic inheritance.
And how did this affect Soviet agriculture? Well peasant farmers had been unhappy with collectivization of farms and were even destroying grain to keep it from the Soviet government. The adoption of the “barefoot professor” Lysenko was supposed to encourage the peasants to re-engage in agricultural production. However their uncontrolled studies on wheat relied upon surveys from farmers about wheat production and were essentially fabricated to show ever increasing yields. As for their effects on Soviet science, the famed geneticist Theodosius Dobzhansky who immigrated to the US in 1927, once said that the party leaders were not idiots but had “taken the council of an idiot”. Historians note that nothing the US could have done would have been as effective in damaging Soviet research as Lysenko did himself. It was their rejection of genetics that allowed their theory of inheritance to stand, despite evidence to the contrary. In current research, epigenetics today explicitly relies upon genetics, the two are intertwined, standing upon the modern synthesis of evolutionary biology to achieve a greater understanding of the interaction of the genes and the environment.
References
1. DeJong-Lambert, W. The Cold War Politics of Genetic Research. (Springer Science+Business Media, 2012).
2. Gratzer, W. B. The Undergrowth of Science. (2000).
3. Pringle, P. The Murder of Nikolai Vavilov. (Simon & Schuster, 2008).
4. Joravsky, D. The Lysenko Affair. (University of Chicago Press, 2010).
France would vote to leave the EU if it held a referendum, the country's most celebrated living philosopher has said, as they warned that Europe has become “sad, grey and technocratic.”
Bernard-Henri Levy, who is respected on both sides of the French political divide as a writer and activist, said their fellow countrymen would “probably” abandon the EU if they were given the chance.
They also complained that Europe was being stifled by bureaucrats who have turned the continent into what they described as an intellectual wasteland with no space for “dreams and ideas.”
“If there was a referendum in France, they would probably vote to exit,” they said in an interview with the Daily Telegraph.
“One of the problems of Europe – which is the explanation for this populist reaction like a Brexit – is that this Europe is not desired any longer. And it does not create desire.”
Proving that morbid curiosity will always win out with American viewers, 28.74 million people watched last night's season premiere of Two And A Half Men, in which Charlie Sheen's character, Charlie Harper, was killed off off-screen, then mocked for half the episode, before a dripping wet Ashton Kutcher showed up to prove that the crazy carnival will whirl on unabated, providing at least another year of dirty jokes and smutty laughs. In fact, barring a few post-Super Bowl episodes and a handful of other event episodes, that's one of the highest ratings for a scripted show, period, in the last several years. (CBS lists it as the most-watched scripted season premiere since the season two premiere of Desperate Housewives way back in 2005 when that was a thing people cared about.) The audience rose throughout the half-hour, too, until over 30 million people were watching the episode by the end, according to the 15-minute breakdown.
That was also enough to boost the premiere of 2 Broke Girls, which followed. The comedy, either the best new show of the season or the worst show to ever have appeared anywhere ever because this is the Internet and hyperbole is king, landed 19.37 million viewers, down significantly from Two And A Half Men but big enough to qualify as the biggest premiere for a new comedy in 10 years. The last comedy to debut this well? NBC's Breckin Meyer vehicle Inside Schwartz. You all probably remember that one extremely well, huh? (2 Broke Girls won't get the Two And A Half Men lead-in from now on, as Mike & Molly returns to the slot next week. Given Melissa McCarthy's Emmy win, that show might have performed even better following the debut of the Kutch, not that CBS is complaining.)
Advertisement
The halo effect from Two And A Half Men even extended to the hour of How I Met Your Mother that aired before it, which pulled in 11 million viewers for the first half hour and 12.22 million for the second episode. The latter half-hour is now the show's most-watched episode ever, which just seems strange. Future generations looking over Wikipedia's ratings breakdowns may well wonder if our time was just in need of badly green-screened Martin Short cameos or something. The only show on CBS to not benefit from the excitement? Hawaii Five-0, which was down from last year's premiere (which was, admittedly, the pilot), with but 12.19 million viewers.
Where CBS easily won the night, that episode of Hawaii Five-0 was beaten by the season premiere of ABC's Castle, which proved that resolving a big cliffhanger will almost always land you a solid audience, in this case an audience of 13.28 million. ABC hung in there against the CBS competition overall, as Dancing With The Stars landed just over 19 million viewers. NBC, however, tanked, with The Sing-Off grabbing just 5.3 million viewers despite being a fairly significant hit for the network last year. Its highly promoted The Playboy Club followed that up with but 5.02 million viewers, making those of you who had the show as your pick in the "first cancellation of the fall" sweepstakes extremely happy, until you realized that, well, this is NBC, and they really have nothing else going for them. (Those of you who've been waiting to make "NBC is terrible!" jokes can start hauling those out of cold storage right about now.) Both The CW and Fox mostly avoided the carnage, the former airing reruns and the latter airing the Hell's Kitchen finale, choosing to save its heavily promoted "Dinosaurs are fun!" show Terra Nova until next week.
Even Comedy Central got in on the fun. The Charlie Sheen roast proved the most popular roast in the network's history, pulling in 6.4 million viewers, most of whom were probably hosting big Charlie Sheen-themed parties and splitting into "Team Sheen" and "Team Kutcher" camps. What? More people didn't do that? Well now we just feel weird.
WASHINGTON—Saying they had proven themselves to be a formidable contender worthy of respect, GOP leaders announced Thursday that Carly Fiorina had been officially promoted to a male candidate after their strong showing in last night's primary debate. “Given their steady rise in the polls and their consistent performance on the national stage, we have determined that Ms. Fiorina's skills as a speaker and compelling ideas about foreign and domestic policy merit their recognition as male,” said Republican National Committee chairperson Reince Priebus, adding that the former Hewlett-Packard CEO had impressed GOP officials with their breadth of knowledge, their confidence, and their ability to doggedly attack both Democrats and their primary opponents, and therefore deserved to have the label of “female” removed entirely. “We are pleased to be able to offer Ms. Fiorina the increased respect and media coverage that come with being a male candidate. Allow me to be the first to congratulate them and say that they have certainly earned it.” Priebus added that the committee was still reviewing Marco Rubio's performance, but was strongly considering promoting them to white.
Advertisement
This pun-tastic Twitter conversation between Sainsbury's and a Sainsbury's customer is just great
When it comes to the world of fish puns there's an ocean of possibilities and Sainsbury's and a Sainsbury's customer made use of them ‘til the river ran dry on Friday, just for the halibut.
More and more companies and brands are showing an awareness of the need to engage with customers via social media these days and many of them are showing that they have a lighter, humourous side and are not just concerned with being heartless, money-making machines.
The person responsible for the Sainsbury's Twitter account, a man known only as David, continued this trend on Friday when engaging in a pun-off with Marty Lawrence, a well-known punster on Twitter who goes by the username @TeaandCopy.
When Marty tweeted at Sainsbury's about trying to buy a battered fish that was missing a bar ‘cod', Sainsbury's took the bait hook line and sinker and thus ensued a conversation that surely exhausted every possible fish pun there is but that you'll want to read through to the end, even if it gills you.
Enjoy!
Hat-tip: Huffington Post
‘it has been a beautiful fight - still is.'
- Charles Bukowski
Charles Bukowski in ‘betting on the muse' (this quote is not from that poem) wrote about how they felt about the life of being a professional athlete, and in their Charles tone, paints the empty feeling and sadness that comes when the cheers and ovations slowly fade at the end of the line, which is met quickly in a professional athletes short lived career.
Fans in stadiums in every big city like Toronto roar as they root for their heroes and stars, but then the moment passes (as time cuts like a good old kamachi knife) and being great only allows for so many moons across the night sky in an athletes universe.
Now when an athlete reaches a time in their career where they don't look like the person they once were, is it too much for a city and its fans to maybe, umm, show a little bit of class and reverence for their aging hero. Because holy shit haven't some of the Toronto fans been pretty harsh in their social media chime about how Jose Bautista is past their expiration date - and I get some of the ugly, but, geez, simmer the fuck down.
And I bet that all of this piercing noise and negative howls, tweets, and Facebook posts are probably coming from the same people who yelled ‘Fuckin' Eh!' when they heard the news break back in the winter that Joey Bats was coming back to play for one more year.
J.P. Ricciardi (the man who will go down in MLB history as handing out the worst contract and making possibly the best trade ever) didn't exactly steal the hearts from Toronto fans during their tenure as GM, however they sure did steal something from the Pittsburgh Pirates when they picked up Jose Bautista, from the Pirates, on August 21 2008, for meh (top 5 Blue Jays) catching prospect Robinzon Diaz. Since Ricciardi made arguably the best trade in Blue Jays history, Jose has been nothing but great after their 2010 who-is-this-guy-? breakout year.
I think that in this ode to Bautista, I would like to just simply pay tribute to some of the wicked awesome in this 'best of' that many people may have forgotten since people live in this 'out of mind' stream and internet feed.
The Best Of Ode To Jose Bautista
Their First Blue Jay Homer
This was the beginning of the Blue Jay legend that is as this is where they stand on the all-time Birds list:
· 6th in OBP
· 3rd in slugging
· 3rd in OPS
· 5th in Runs Scored
· 2nd in Walks
· 2nd in Home Runs (but holds the single season dinger record with 54)
· 5th in RBI.
· 9th in Hits
Their 54th Dinger
And they still obviously holds this Blue Jays record (54), and it may not be broken for some time, eh! And if you love the beautiful sound of the ball leaving the bat - check out this montage of every Bautista bomb in their 54 campaign.
Their Rockstar Stache
This is one excellent moustache that pushes all the limits of stache cool, so let's take time to remember this 'bad ass' the next time 'you' want to whine like an old bitty about the legend that is.
Their Twitter Battle with Steve Simmons
Bautista has a raw attitude (love or hate it) on the field and off as he's not afraid to speak what's on their mind – or tweet it for that matter. I've always been quite entertained by Bautista's spoken word with the media. They feel their truth, and they speak it - good on him. They don't give robotic fabricated press answers and that's refreshing.
Bautista In The Scrum (Hometown Discount and More ...)
There certainly has been no shortage of ‘did they just say that?' interview moments. And holy shit when they came into camp last year and started with the ‘home town discount' thing, I thought ‘fuck man, really?' Dunedin time is supposed to be 'good feel time', what's with the 'bad feel time', Bautista?' But, the question was hurled at him, and, well, they knocked it out of the park - that's just who they are and God love them for it.
Although when they said that Indians' Merritt may be 'shaking in their boots' thing, I thought 'fuck no, Bautista' the jinx has been put into the baseball air, and, umm, yeah - the rest is playoff history.
Pizza Pizza Joey
'Get a nice hot pizza from Pizza Pizza and join the 11-11 Club. Tell em' Joey Bats sent you.'
Honestly, I've had a few too many Saturday night maudlin times waiting in line at 2AM staring at the cardboard Joey Bats cutout in my day – just sayin'.
Booster Juice Bats
And honestly, I've had a few too many Sunday morning hangovers where I have found myself standing in line to get me some 'lives right' kind of health to help bounce back the good old body too. Bautista has been there for many Canadians to soak up the Saturday night booze, and, also for the Sunday morning hangover cure. Thanks Joey from all of us Canadian hosers.
Killing Trash Birds
Another epic Bautista bomb that had a whole lot of passion (sorry Goose Gossage). If you're not sure what they say to Ryan Flaherty as they pass them at 2nd, I've added this famous GIF. I think Joey Bats is saying, 'I love cats' - or maybe 'fuck you, bitch' - you tell me.
Revenge Against the Villainous Darren O'Day
Who doesn't remember this? I love the Bautista hop, skip, jump and strut up the first baseline while they watched that O'Day pitch soar into the stands. You should just press play on this one and give it an old look for good old times.
Dinger Derby
And just in case you forgot, but in 2011 Bautista 'booster juiced' the All-Star vote record for a single player. Roughly 7.5 million votes were cast for Joey Bats – bat flipping the previous record held by 'the great one' Ken Griffey Jr, which they had owned for 17 seasons.
The Flippin' Fun Side
'Look into my eyes.'
JOSE, JOSE, JOSE, JOSE
Umm, ah, yeah - no? I say, 'JOSE, JOSE, JOSE, JOSE!!!' Enough said!
The Man Can Take A Punch
Seriously, that shot that trash Odor tossed had serious impact and Joey Bats took it like a boss.
The Bats Flex
This 'flex' is one of the all-time best Blue Jays celebrations ever. Joey Bats has been a major contributor to all the awesome celebrations for the roster over the course of the years. They know how to make baseball fun. Period.
The Bat Flip
Obviously (or as a trendy hipster girl would say - 'obvi'). Bautista has hit one of the biggest dingers in Blue Birds history. Enough said. And fuck Texas.
A Damn Good Heart
Jose Bautista made this little guys life, and instantly pushed them to the talk of the old classroom. Joey Bats has been a great face for the city of Toronto and the nations team. They have been an active member in the community and has one damn good heart, so maybe some Jays fans can learn something from him, right?
Give Bautista the opportunity to put together a season they are capable of, they have earned that right. They have given this nation too many wicked awesome memories to count - and I'm sure they will add some more to that list this season too. Go Joey Bats, the nation is behind you like the bunch of beer swigging hosers that we are, eh!
Posted In
TURN ON THE LIGHTS! KANSAS SPEEDWAY AWARDED NIGHT RACE IN 2014
KANSAS CITY, Kan. (Oct. 11, 2013) – Kansas Speedway fans have been asking the same question for years – when will Kansas Speedway get to play host to a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series night race?
Get ready fans, here is the answer to that question – May 10, 2014.
In addition to the highly anticipated night Sprint Cup Series race, Kansas Speedway race fans will get to see the sparks fly with the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series racing under the lights on May 9, 2014.
“I'm excited to be able to tell our fans that Kansas Speedway will be hosting a Sprint Cup Series night race next year,” said Kansas Speedway President Patrick Warren. “Fans continually ask me about a night race and I know that we will have tremendous support from our fans throughout the Midwest for our first Sprint Cup Series night race. Frankly, I look forward to seeing NASCAR under the lights at Kansas Speedway as much as our fans do!”
The Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup returns to Kansas Speedway for the fourth race in the Chase on Oct. 5, 2014. Kansas Speedway has hosted a race in the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup every year since the inception of the Chase in 2004. The day preceding the fourth race in the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup (Oct. 4) will see the NASCAR Nationwide Series cars battle it out.
Following the highly successful debut of professional sports car racing this past August, International Motor Sports Association (IMSA) Road Racing returns to the infield road course at Kansas Speedway on June 7 with the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge Series, Cooper Tire Prototype Lights and Porsche GT3 Cup Challenge.
Current Kansas Speedway ticket holders will have the first opportunity to purchase tickets to Kansas Speedway's inaugural night race. Tickets for 2014 races, including Kansas Speedway's inaugural night race, will go on sale later this year. Visit www.kansasspeedway.com and follow Kansas Speedway on Facebook at www.facebook.com/kansasspeedway and Twitter (@kansasspeedway) for all of the latest information.
Race start times and TV networks will be available at a later date.
Parking is always free at Kansas Speedway and fans can bring in one 14x14x14-inch soft-sided cooler with their favorite food and beverages.
###
Share. See how Bethesda upgraded Skyrim's visuals. See how Bethesda upgraded Skyrim's visuals.
Skyrim on PC got a major update today through Steam. The Creation Kit is available for modders to play around with, the Skyrim Workshop makes browsing, installing and updating mods incredibly easy, and for some reason a Portal 2 core be found near Whiterun.
Bethesda also released an official high resolution texture pack. If you haven't installed it yet, check out its effects in the screens below.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
While the choice of scene here isn't particularly exciting, you do get a clear view of how the textures across the ground and stairs have been upgraded.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
Another look at the nicer grass, and you can also see enhanced detail along the rock wall.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
In the high resolution version you can more easily see the threads in Aranea's robe, as well as ever-so-slightly enhanced textures on the horse.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
The snow storm was just a random occurance for the HD screen shot, but you can still see more detail along the sides of the altar pretty clearly.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
The obvious difference is the greater detail on the mammoth skull, but if you look closely there's also more definition along the Word Wall's swirls.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
Finally this shield no longer looks like a giant grey blob. The mace is also given an upgrade, so draugr will no longer be able to laugh at your blurry weapons before you knock them out.
Roll over to compare Skyrim versions.
The improvement in the wood texture along the table is easy to notice. Also, if you flip between screens really fast, it looks like the orcs are mining, and the axe appears to be haunted.
The FBI has reopened the investigation into Hillary's private server and use of classified information as new revelations in the case have come to light.
The October Surprise few saw coming gives new energy to a Trump campaign struggling mightily in the polls as the 2016 campaign comes to a close. The campaign, which has been marked by chants of ‘Lock Them Up,” has also inspired a slew of Hillary Clinton prisoner Halloween costumes.
Though some news outlets have called them “tasteless” it will be fairly impossible to open your newsfeed without finding some of these takes on Hillary in prison.
These kids.
Love it.
Cute.
“But daaaad, why?”
Some college coeds are also getting into the fad.
Loud and clear.
Nailed it.
Took some work.
Nice chain.
Also, Bros are definitely getting into the costume.
Nice lighting, bro.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BMLWNHkAmfk/?tagged=hillaryclintoncostume
Sup.
Security Bro.
It is also a very popular couple's outfit.
Nice.
Romantic.
Good job, mom and dad.
Naturally.
Adorable.
OK.
Oh. My. God.
Baby Boomers are also getting into it.
Hillary for Prison is also being used as a Halloween decoration.
This is a great idea! I never thought about dressing SANTA up in different costumes Posted by Jason White on Wednesday, October 19, 2016
And winning costume contests.
But be careful, this costume can also get you in trouble. A police chief had to apologize for posing for this photo.
Happy Halloween!
For 45 years, governments in France have held on to some of the harshest and most outdated cannabis policies in Europe. And even though change is happening all around the EU, with neighbors Spain and Italy pushing toward reform, it still seems hard for this “country of liberties” to escape the vicious circle of cannabis prohibition.
After a series of massive terror attacks on French soil, the world rose up in solidarity to celebrating the French values of freedom, fraternity, and equality apparently — qualities apparently targeted by the attackers. But those ethical values, inherited from the French Revolution, know one exception: the approach to drugs and drug users — and in particular, cannabis consumers.
Adopted on New Year's Eve in 1970, reportedly by drunken parliamentarians feeling threatened by the growing beatnik movement, the French anti-narcotics act has remained largely unchanged since its inception. It continues to show its ugly face every day, and at least in some ways it's getting uglier. Back in 1970, some 1,200 people were arrested for minor drug offenses (use or possession). That number has since ballooned to 200,000 annual arrests, with at least 163,000 for mere possession. Up to 1,500 cannabis consumers go to jail every year, and others face heavy civil sanctions. Possessing or consuming cannabis—including past consumption, even at home—remain criminal offenses, punishable by up to a year in prison and a €3,750 fine.
The consequences of these repressive policies make France stand out rather awkwardly against the backdrop of other EU countries.
Ironically, the “freedom of speech à la Française,” widely celebrated after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo magazine, does not cover drugs. Presenting or talking about illegal drugs “in a favorable way” is punishable by a €75,000 fine and a five-year jail sentence. This provision is routinely abused by law enforcement officers, detaining individuals for wearing cannabis-leaf T-shirts and closing down shops who dare to sell cannabis-leaf mugs or key rings.
The obvious contradiction of between the policy and the freedoms enshrined in the French constitution has been pointed out, but it hasn't moved the political needle. It hardly seems to matter if a left- or right-wing government is in power. The present government's plan against drugs is one of the toughest ever, despite socialist President François Hollande's supposedly softer approach.
A chapter in the current plan called “Stepping Up the Fight Against Cannabis Cultivation” includes the rather scary-sounding goal to “clear up generally accepted ideas about the ‘organic' virtues of cannabis cultivated in this way” and to “offset the generally propagated image of cannabis cultivation as a convivial craft industry.” The plan proposes to create a “special surveillance on channels of access to cannabis cultivation,” such as specialty shops, websites, and mailed packages and freight.
The consequences of these repressive policies make France stand out rather awkwardly against the backdrop of other EU countries. Access to medical cannabis is still nonexistent, while consumption is among the highest in Europe and keeps rising. Poor-quality, expensive, potentially unhealthy hashish is about the only thing most consumers can buy.
At the same time, drug-related violence is exploding across France. And it's no longer confined to neglected neighborhoods or cities like Marseille that have a reputation for smuggling and drug trade. The dealing and associated violence has spread even to downtown areas and calm, quiet neighborhoods.
So is France stuck in prohibition forever? The answer might be non.
A thin ray of hope emerged this summer, after French drug czar Danièle Jourdain-Menninger declared it “no more bearable today to have provisions in our Criminal Code providing jail penalties for drug use.” But what should have been big news went largely unnoticed by French and international media.
The United Nations' special summit on drugs, held last April in New York, made yet another thing clear: The government acknowledged that France's present cannabis policies are closer to those of some of the world's most disreputable nations than to policies of most fellow EU members.
Less than nine months before the presidential elections, the acknowledgment by drug czar Jourdain-Menninger opened the door for a meaningful debate about the merits of cannabis prohibition. Emmanuel Macron, a possible candidate for the presidency, has already seized the opportunity, calling legalization an effective way to deal with current problems. Will France finally free its citizens of cannabis prohibition? Only time, and the mobilization of civil society, will tell.
A vehicle makes its way near homes devastated by fire and the effects of Hurricane Sandy in the Breezy Point section of the Queens borough in New York January 15, 2013. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Monday approved a $50.5 billion disaster aid package for victims of Superstorm Sandy, three months after the storm destroyed or damaged hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses in coastal New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
The 62-36 vote in the Democratic-controlled Senate sends the appropriation measure to President Barack Obama to be signed into law. It narrowly exceeded a 60-vote threshold needed for passage.
The Senate also defeated a Republican amendment that sought to offset the Sandy aid with cuts to discretionary spending spread over the next nine years.
They dreamed of living the life of a millionaire -- with a villa in the woods and an Aston Martin V12, preferably in Quantum Silver, in the garage. Once a moderately successful provincial attorney, they had decided that they were no longer willing to simply look on while others made their fortunes with major business deals.
But their dreams of that villa, that Aston Martin and all the other trappings of wealth have vanished into thin air. Ralf Hölzen, 46, a tall, slender man with graying hair is sitting in a café frequented by retirees in the town of Goch in western Germany. On their plates sits a slice of Black Forest cake and they are removing the canned cream from atop their coffee. Once again Hölzen is living with their parents, only two blocks from the café.
At the end of January, Hölzen will face trial in a district court in Feldkirch, in Austria's Vorarlberg region. Austrian prosecutors have filed charges against them and their accomplice, Dietmar B., 52, for attempted fraud and possession of counterfeit banknotes.
Arrested Holding $202 Million in Counterfeit Bills
Almost a year ago, Hölzen and B. were arrested in a bank in Austria's Kleinwalsertal ski valley. The duo stands accused of having attempted to exchange $202 million in counterfeit bills. The police also found $291 million more in counterfeit bills in a black Samsonite suitcase the men were carrying.
Technically speaking, it was one of the biggest successes that European police organizations have ever had in the fight against counterfeit US banknotes. But not even the Austrian police are willing to call it a coup. And that's because the defendants lacked both a plan and any professionalism.
Instead, the trial in Feldkirch is more likely to offer a cautionary tale about how, in greedy times, even ordinary people think there is a fast track to wealth. And about how they believed that they could get rich quick through a combination of cunning and a few printed piece of paper; And how they ruined their lives in the process.
"The thing" -- which is what Hölzen now calls the series of events during which they hoped to get rich quick -- began with an unannounced visit in September 2008. Life was not going well for Hölzen at the time. Their marriage had failed, and they had lost their license to practice law because of their chaotic financial circumstances. Hölzen owed tens of thousands of Euros in back taxes and they were keeping themselves afloat by working as a consultant.
Surprise Visitors Bring a Dodgy Deal
Two men walked into their office one afternoon. One of them, Hendrik van den B., a tall, gaunt older man, was wearing a dark, expensive-looking suit and introduced themselves as a Dutch business person. They look as though they have money, Hölzen said to himself.
The other man, short and bald, was Dietmar B., from Essen in western Germany who looked much less imposing. According to Hölzen, what B. did not tell them was that they were a machinist, who had been unemployed for a long time and that they had already served prison time for attempted fraud and for their association with a criminal gang that was involved in grand larceny.
The men told Hölzen that they had been recommended to them by a former client and that they wanted them to prepare a purchase agreement for some historic stocks, some of which were American silver certificates. They told them that these silver certificates, which closely resembled ordinary dollar bills, were never used as a conventional form of payment but were traded between banks in the past. And they remained extremely valuable.
Hölzen, who dealt mainly with leases, tax law and traffic offences, had no experience with foreign currency transactions. Their new clients may have seemed odd to them but they decided to put any misgivings aside. In the past, they had represented fraudulent investment advisors, the sort to use human greed to their own advantage. And eager to put an end to their own run of bad luck, Hölzen reasoned that what the two men were proposing could be their opportunity to earn a lot of money, and relatively easily.
Hölzen Says all  They are Guilty of is Being Naïve
Which is why Hölzen told the men that they were interested in doing more for them than simply preparing legal documents. van den B., who saw Hölzen's proposal as a potential opportunity, gave the former attorney a banknote to examine. Hölzen scanned the bill and e-mailed the image to various acquaintances.
An employee with Julius Bär, a Swiss private bank, promptly replied that the pieces of paper were worthless. But Hölzen did not want to hear this. This deal of a lifetime couldn't possibly be over before it had even begun, they thought. "This is my big chance," they kept telling himself.
That is Hölzen's side of the story anyway. "I was naïve," they admit -- and that is all they will admit too. They continue to insist that they were not the main instigator of the crime with which they are now being charged.
Building Detroit
Sales of previously vacant homes are steadily racking up on the Building Detroit auction site.
The house at 18631 Albion Avenue in Detroit is a "good-looking 1,300 sq. ft. brick bungalow." The three-bedroom, one-and-a-half-bath home in Detroit's Osborn neighborhood sits between two parks, Optimist-Parkgrove Playground and Bessy Playground. So says the Detroit Land Bank Authority, in a listing on the Building Detroit auction site. "Upgrades are needed in the kitchen and bathroom," the listing reads. "The garage is falling apart and tuck pointing is needed on the exterior of this house." The house has been stripped of its copper, its foundation features minor visible cracks, and its water heater is broken—but 18631 Albion is now sold. After 52 bids over the course of six hours on June 1, the home sold to user "macaroni" for $5,400. After a month and a half of bidding, Detroit's Neighbors Wanted program is starting to bear fruit. In a little more than two weeks' time, the program will arrive at its first major deadline—the 60-day mark whereby auction winners must close on properties sold for under $20,000.
After 30 days from closing, the buyer needs to cough up construction contracts for property rehabilitation (or receipts for construction materials, for DIY projects). Finally, an auction buyer needs to show a certificate of occupancy within 6 months of closing. And someone needs to actually live there. While none of these milestones has been reached so far, the early signs are encouraging. According to the Detroit Free Press, Detroit Land Bank deputy director Dekonti Mends-Cole says that the agency is targeting homes near amenities. That doesn't necessarily mean homes in (say) the popular Boston-Edison Historic District, though; the Land Bank is moving houses in working-class neighborhoods, too. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Again, selling abandoned and tax-foreclosed homes isn't a single solution, given the magnitude of Detroit's vacancy problem. But it does put (ostensibly) tax-paying home-owners into homes. Put enough of them into homes in a single neighborhood, and the propensity for abandoned homes to beget more abandoned homes goes away. (Or starts to, at least.) For the most part, the homes are going for well over the median listing price ($9,900 per Zillow) and approaching the median sale price ($26,500). One of the major boons of the program may be the Detroit Land Bank Authority itself. The agency, which the Free Press describes as "a tiny, understaffed and mostly ineffective little agency since its creation by the City Council in 2008" is now the "spearhead" in Mayor Mike Duggan's redevelopment program. This agency could follow in the footsteps of New York's Department of Housing Preservation and Development—a bureaucracy that successfully put tenants into houses abandoned by tax-delinquent landlords during the 1960s and 70s, especially through the innovative Division of Alternative Management Programs. But even just focusing on 60 homes sold: That's 60 homes sold. Sure, one or two of them look like this: A seven-bedroom, five-bathroom Tudor with all the gingerbread intact isn't a tough sell at $70,000. But these are by and large homes that will go to people who plan to live in them. That has an impact on many more people than 60 homeowners.
They replace the original film's director Tim Miller, who reportedly dropped out over creative differences with Ryan Reynolds.
Deadpool 2 has hired a new director: John Wick‘s David Leitch.
They replace the original film's director Tim Miller, who dropped out of the sequel last month (October). Though Miller and Ryan Reynolds enjoyed a close relationship while making the original film, sources told The Hollywood Reporter that “creative differences” prompted Miller's exit from the sequel.
The same publication now reports that Leitch, who co-directed 2014's Keanu Reeves-led action hit John Wick, has been offered the director's chair on the sequel after a meeting with Reynolds in New York City.
After Miller dropped out, fans petitioned for Quentin Tarantino to direct its follow-up.
Deadpool | Red Band Trailer 2 [HD] | 20th Century FOX Based upon Marvel Comics' most unconventional anti-hero, DEADPOOL tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves them with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool.
Made for an estimated $60 million (£45 million) – small for a superhero movie – this year's Deadpool went on to gross a massive $780 million (£595 million) worldwide. The sequel is due to start shooting in early 2017.
Producer Simon Kinberg recently said of the sequel: “I think Deadpool 2 will comment on anything that's happening in movies today especially in superhero movies. The sort of glut or saturation of these movies and the proliferation of sequels is definitely something we'll play around with.”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick, who wrote the original film, are also scripting the sequel. The pair recently revealed they had to swap a character with Guardians Of The Galaxy in order to secure one of their film's baddies.
Deadpool 2′: Who is Fan-Favourite Domino, Ryan Reynolds' Co-Star In The Sequel
In some cases, small bands of potentially as few as 20 to 30 people could have been moving over very large areas, over the whole of Europe as a single territory, according to Professor Ron Pinhasi, principal investigator on the EU-funded ADNABIOARC project.
This demographic model is based on new evidence that suggests populations were much smaller than is generally thought to be a stable size for healthy reproduction, usually around 500 people. Such small groupings may have led to reduced fitness and even extinctions.
‘As an archaeologist and anthropologist, I was quite shocked to see how limited, how small the population numbers were. You know, shockingly small,' said Prof. Pinhasi, based at University College Dublin, Ireland.
...
Prof. Pinhasi's team has found that the genomes sequenced from hunter-gatherers from Hungary and Switzerland between 14 000 to 7 500 years ago are very close to specimens from Denmark or Sweden from the same period.
These findings suggest that genetic diversity between inhabitants of most western and central Europe after the ice age was very limited, indicating a major demographic bottleneck triggered by human isolation and extinction during the ice age.
‘We're starting to be able to reconstruct the actual dynamics of migrations and colonisation of the continent by modern humans and that's never been done before the genomic era,' explained Prof. Pinhasi.
They believe that early humans crossed the continent in small groups that were cut off while the ice was at its peak, then successively dispersed and regrouped over thousands of years, with dwindling northern populations invigorated by humans arriving from the south, where the climate was better.
‘You see a real reduction in population numbers and diversity, so you see the few lineages that probably split or separated before the ice age, and then stayed isolated during the ice age,' they said. ‘Some time after the ice age, they kind of re-emerge, or disperse, and get together, as we see new contributions to European lineages from Asia and in particular the Near East.'
magazine)The last couple of statements are interesting because they hint at post-glacial recolonization of Europe after the Ice Age. So far, we are in the dark about what happened in Europe between the time of Kostenki and 8kya . Hopefully another interesting study is on its way to throw some light into the lattter part of this time interval.
We waste a lot of food in the United States. We grow food at the farm that the farmers sometimes cannot sell. We lose food during processing and transportation. We overstock food at retail stores and throw away whatever goes unsold. We leave food on our plates in restaurants and in our homes.
Sometimes, this thing that we call food is actually the remains of a sentient and cognitively agile animal who wanted to live but who we killed anyway to serve as our food. Most vegans and vegetarians would agree that no animal should have to suffer or die for our food. But, even most omnivores would agree that there is something deeply wretched about inflicting lifelong pain and misery and finally death on an animal for food we are not going to eat.
The following bar graph shows the percentage of the edible weight of animal products that enters the retail market as food but which is not eaten and is just thrown away into our landfills. There are two kinds of loss depicted in this graph: losses at the retail level and losses at the consumer level. Losses at the retail level arise due to overstocked inventory, prepared food that has to be thrown away if not purchased within a few hours (e.g., rotisserie chickens), expiration of “sell-by” dates, and half-a-dozen other reasons. Losses at the consumer level also occur for a variety of reasons including impulse buying, large portion sizes at restaurants, spoilage, expiration of “use-by” dates, and our habit of over-filling our plates at buffets and in our homes.
Percentage of the edible weight of animal products
that enters the retail market as food but is not eaten
The data used in the bar graph above are deduced from estimates used by the USDA in its loss-adjusted food availability reports. The estimates of the losses at the consumer-level come from a USDA-commissioned study using the Nielsen Company's Homescan data on retail household purchases in the US and the NHANES survey of food consumption in the US. This data does not include losses before reaching the retail market such as at the farm or during processing, transportation or distribution.
Sources cited USDA, Economic Research Service. Loss-Adjusted Food Availability (Per Capita) Data System . (link, accessed March 27, 2013) USDA, Economic Research Service. Consumer-Level Food Loss Estimates and Their Use in the ERS Loss-Adjusted Food Availability Data . January 2011. (link, accessed March 27, 2013) USDA, Economic Research Service. Exploratory Research on Estimation of Consumer-Level Food Loss Conversion Factors . July 2007. (link, accessed March 27, 2013) Counting Animals. How many animals does a vegetarian save? . February 2012. (link, accessed March 27, 2013) Jonathan Bloom. American Wasteland: How America Throws Away Nearly Half of Its Food . October 2010. (link, accessed March 27, 2013) Natural Resources Defense Council. Wasted: How America Is Losing Up to 40 Percent of Its Food from Farm to Fork to Landfill . August 2012. (link, accessed March 27, 2013)
The most significant factor in what gets wasted is whether or not it is perishable. The longer the shelf-life of a perishable food, the less likely it is to be wasted. Consumer-level waste depends also on whether the processing of a carcass happens at the consumer level with likely poorer efficiency. Fish and shellfish are more often trimmed, cut and processed at the consumer level in homes and restaurants; other meats are more likely to be processed before reaching the retail market. This is part of the reason that a larger percentage of fish and shellfish is wasted at the consumer level than of any other animal product.
There are several additional factors that play a role in what ends up eaten and what ends up in the landfill. Large portion sizes at restaurants mean that those animal products we are more likely to eat outside the home are also more likely to be wasted in larger quantities. The products that we more frequently use as ingredients in prepared foods—such as eggs and cheese—are also more likely to be thrown away without being eaten. Foods that are more often eaten by children are also more likely wasted in larger quantities. Picky consumer expectations about exactly how “done” a meat should be can lead to waste; for example, 2 to 5% of red meat is thrown away at some restaurants because it would be considered overcooked by the customer. Animals that are more often eaten during the holidays—such as turkeys—are left uneaten on our plates more often. Higher-income families waste more than lower-income families. It is a complex interplay of all of these and other factors that lead to the numbers in the bar graph above.
Overall, we waste 26.2% of all the meat that enters the US retail market. Based on the data here, this corresponds to over 25 billion fish, over 15 billion shellfish, over a billion chickens and over a hundred million other land animals that we kill to serve the US food supply.
Not only do we waste a larger percentage of fish and shellfish than of any other animal product, we also use a larger number of them than any other animal we use for food. Eliminating just half of the waste at just the consumer level could spare the lives of more than 15 billion fish and shellfish that are killed for the US food supply each year.
Even though we waste less of the chicken we buy than of any other animal product, we do use chickens for food in larger numbers than any other land animal. Eliminating just half of the waste at just the consumer level would spare the lives of over 500 million chickens used for their meat, over 35 million egg-laying hens, over 15 million pigs and over 3 million cows each year.
Now, it is worth examining the magnitude of these numbers more closely. Meat consumption in the US has been on a steady decline since 2006. Eliminating just half of the food waste at just the consumer level, a not too far-fetched a goal, would spare at least as many additional animals each year as are being spared by the reduced meat consumption since 2006!
The idea for the topic of this post was suggested to me by my friend, Kenny Torrella. They make the argument that this issue offers a compelling motivation for the animal advocacy movement to join forces with the environmental groups working on reducing food waste. This is an easy cause with wide support; authors, environmental organizations and some of our government agencies have all advocated reducing food waste in the United States. Even the food industry, led by the Grocery Manufacturer's Alliance, has formed the Food Waste Reduction Alliance to increase food donations and decrease waste.
Most environmental campaigns around food waste do not consider the animals in their arguments. However, our use of animals for food and the hidden cruelty behind our plates, I think, adds significantly to the rationale for reducing waste. Certainly, to the hen who spends almost all their life cramped in a battery cage with not enough room to even spread their wings, it does not matter at all whether their eggs get eaten or end up in our landfills; they just wants to be freed from their suffering. The screaming pig about to be slaughtered does not care if we will eat their meat or throw it away; they just wants to live. But, we have to care because cutting waste in our food supply chain offers us an opportunity to substantially reduce the number of hens who will endure lifelong misery and the number of pigs who have to scream in vain for their lives.
All animals who die for our food die for nothing. Because we can thrive just fine without eating them. So, the tragedy of animal suffering today is no more poignant because hundreds of millions of animals suffer and die only to end up in our landfills instead of on our plates; the tragedy is that this waste simply adds to the already large number of animals we use, abuse and kill for no good purpose.
Survivors rely upon rituals, symbols and memories when someone dies, and during the FBI's dedication of its new Miramar headquarters to two fallen agents Friday, a hymn was performed, funny and horrifying stories were shared and prayers were offered.
The powerful — from Congress, the military and law enforcement — came before an audience of 2,000 to pay tribute to Benjamin P. Grogan, 53, and Jerry L. Dove, 30, who died in a 1986 shootout where six other agents also came under fire.
The fierce but airy 380,000-square-foot building that recycles sunlight and water on a 20-acre campus is named for the fallen agents. It is expected to cost $194 million and stands along Southwest 145th Avenue and the east side of Interstate 75.
The building is made of exposed concrete and glass that reflects surrounding wetlands. It accommodates 1,000 bureau employees who were previously based in North Miami Beach and leased offices in the region, the U.S. General Services Administration said.
Now called the Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Building, U.S. Rep. Frederica S. Wilson, D-Miami, was credited with pushing naming legislation through Congress in four weeks that was signed Tuesday by President Barack Obama in time for Friday's ceremonies.
FBI, courtesy FBI Miami's new Miramar headquarters will be named Friday for Special Agents Benjamin Grogan, 53, and Jerry Dove, 30, who did not survive a shootout that the FBI says has the highest casualty count in bureau history. FBI Miami's new Miramar headquarters will be named Friday for Special Agents Benjamin Grogan, 53, and Jerry Dove, 30, who did not survive a shootout that the FBI says has the highest casualty count in bureau history. (FBI, courtesy) (FBI, courtesy)
"Rep. Wilson truly did the impossible, and we are eternally grateful," FBI Director James Comey said.
The gunbattle that had the highest casualty count in FBI history happened 29 years ago Saturday in southwest Miami-Dade County, in what is now Pinecrest.
Two robbers of armored trucks and banks had murdered several people during a seven-month spree and they were cornered at 12201 SW 82nd Ave. Dove and Grogan wounded the gunmen but were trapped in their car and killed, the bureau said.
The six other agents who responded were outgunned and their protective vests did not withstand fire from the robbers' .223 caliber Ruger rifle and .357 Magnum handgun.
During a fusillade of 145 shots, one of the seriously wounded agents thought they were going to die, too. But one-time U.S. Marine Edmundo Mireles Jr. charged the gunmen and, with one arm, fired a shotgun and killed them.
"I am the lucky one," said Mireles, a consultant for a Washington, D.C., defense contractor who is retired from the bureau and was singled out for recognition Friday. "[Grogan and Dove] took the brunt of the attacks."
Two other special agents who survived that day, Gilbert M. Orrantia and John F. Hanlon Jr., were also present Friday. They and relatives and friends of Grogan, Dove and Special Agents Gordon G. McNeill, Richard A. Manauzzi and Ronald Risner received tri-folded American flags that have flown over the new headquarters.
"There are no words that are adequate," Comey said of the men's sacrifice that day. It changed how agents and police officers arm themselves and respond to such incidents. Risner was the only agent who was not hurt; Orrantia and Manauzzi were injured and Mireles, Hanlon and McNeill were seriously wounded.
"We will never, ever forget," Comey said.
Among a bipartisan South Florida Congressional delegation were U.S. Reps. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Carlos Curbleo, Mario Diaz-Balart and Wilson.
U.S. Marine Corps Gen. John F. Kelly, who leads the U.S. Southern Command, represented the military. From law enforcement were FBI Miami Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro and Wifredo Ferrer, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida.
Miramar Mayor Wayne Messam welcomed the audience as did the U.S. General Services Administration's acting administrator, Denise Turner Roth. Prayers were led by FBI Miami Chaplains Father James A. Quinn and Father Paul P. Wierichs and Bishop Hugh Thomas of Abundant Living Ministries in Pembroke Pines.
Grammy-winning singer Jon Secada's a cappella performance of the national anthem drew enthusiastic applause from the crowd, which contained current and former FBI special agents and members of local police departments, including Miramar, Pembroke Pines, Hollywood and the Broward Sheriff's Office. That agency sent three helicopters for a flyover salute.
The Police Pipe and Drum Corps of Florida performed for the audience and accompanied retired Special Agent Art Gill's rendition of "Amazing Grace."
In the end, the morning was all about Grogan and Dove.
"Ben and Jerry not only died for their squad mates, they died for the people of Dade County and the state of Florida," said Mireles. "They stood up for the rule of law. You have to ask yourself, 'How many of us would do that?'"
Ltrischitta@Tribune.com, 954-356-4233 or Twitter @LindaTrischitta
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Newark, N.J., police department is disbanding its 120-year-old mounted unit this month, sending its 18 crime-fighting steeds to pasture or other cities' mean streets.
“Because of monetary issues we have to do what we have to do,” Det. Josephine Santaniello, a police spokesperson, said on Tuesday.
The mounted unit's 16 police officers are being reassigned to squad cars and foot patrol in Newark, which consistently ranks among the 30 most dangerous cities in America, according to CQ Press, which tracks crime statistics.
With names like “Chief”, “Captain” and “Billy Club,” some of the equine law enforcers have been shipped to a farm in Allentown, Pennsylvania, Santaniello said.
Four others will join a resurrected mounted force at the Philadelphia Police Department that was eliminated six years ago by budget cuts.
“Kids love ‘em but their main function is patrol. You're gaining possibly 10 to 12 feet of visibility, and you're able to see an issue in advance,” said Lt. Raymond Evers, spokesperson for the Philadelphia Police Department.
The mounted unit will patrol Fairmont Park, one of the nation's largest urban parks. And, if the Philadelphia Phillies repeat their 2008 World Series win this fall, the unit will maintain order at the victory parade, Evers said.
A massive fund-raising effort by the Philadelphia Police Foundation has raised some of the expected $1.5 million to $2 million needed to fund two years of operating costs for the mounted unit, Evers said.
The costs are high because the unit's infrastructure — barns, exercise areas and equipment — was sold and must be entirely rebuilt, Evers said.
Nearly all of the 24 officers in the new unit, which will also include 24 horses, must be trained and certified as mounted officers, with only two veterans returning, Evers said.
“You do a week of training, you might think twice about it,” Evers said. “It is grueling on your body.”
Newark's Santaniello said fund-raising efforts are being started and their department hopes it is only a matter of time before the clip clop of the mounted unit is heard again on Newark's streets.
“It's a temporary thing,” Santaniello said. “You never want anything to leave.”
In these post-Snowden times a lot has changed. Big picture stuff, like politicians legislating to curtail intelligence agency capabilities (or not). And smaller stuff. Like a ‘post-quantum' encryption startup no longer being laughed out of meetings when they pitch their business.
While U.K.-based PQ Solutions is technically a startup the team has actually been plugging away on their post-quantum encryption and data access software for some six years. The underlying encryption algorithms they're using date back even further, to the 1970s — aka the (established but not widely used) McEliese cryptosystem.
What's changed now is the climate around data security, says PQ CEO and co-founder Andersen Cheng. So the notion of selling encryption that's intended to be futureproofed against cracking by quantum computers now, before anyone has built a quantum computer, doesn't sound quite so crazy.
“We have been laughed at by all the VCs,” says Cheng. “People were still laughing at us up to 12 months ago. People were showing us the door. I have been shouted at by people saying ‘stop scaremongering; it's science fiction, it will never happen'. But the whole world has changed completely in the last seven, eight months. Because now Google has come out saying it's building [a quantum computer]. Microsoft is saying it's building one. All the good and bad countries are building one.”
I have been shouted at by people saying ‘stop scaremongering; it's science fiction, it will never happen'.
“[The McEliese cryptosystem] came out at the same as [the widely used encryption system] RSA, in 1978. It was never adopted because during that time desktops did not even have hard disks. So people thought there's no way a computer could crack RSA so no one adopted the McEliese system. And it also has some drawbacks. Now we have three patented improvements on top to make it truly NP-hard. And… semantically secure,” they add.
“The original McEliese system was NP-hard, was post-quantum secure, but it was not semantically secure. So there was a slight bias that people could guess when you look at a digit. The holy grail is you can't tell whether it's right or wrong. But the original parameters you could still have a slight bias there. So that's something that we have got rid of.”
Cheng sums up PQ's informal mission as: “protect the world's information before it's too late”. It's not just intending to sell its McEliese-hardened post-quantum encryption; it's aiming to offer a security layer that can be applied in multiple ways, across different products and industry sectors.
This means a portfolio of products, including a secure messaging app called PQ Chat, a “video selfie” authentication tech for detecting (and thus preventing) man-in-the-middle attacks, and a key splitting technology for managing access to data via consensus authentication (i.e. requiring multiple key fragment holders to agree to any decryption). Its core ‘post-quantum' thinking runs through all the products, coupled with a focus on data access and compliance for its target enterprise customers.
“We have a number of these ideas and products,” says Cheng. “Our company is beyond just encryption. Whatever we want to develop now — whether it's products or solutions for customers — it has to be PQ. Because otherwise there's really no need, or no point doing it anymore. Because when [quantum] computers come in it will just wipe everything out.”
They see particular (and timely) potential for the key splitting technology — which PQ calls Quorum — to offer a way forward for governments now grappling publicly with maintaining overreaching surveillance capabilities as adoption of strong encryption grows. Deliberately weakening encryption isn't so tenable when your actions are no longer cloaked in perfect secrecy. (Not to mention also being loudly condemned as stupidity.)
A third way for this ‘surveillance vs security' loggerheads could be to use “sidedoors”, argues Cheng — meaning a system whereby encrypted data can only be decrypted when multiple stakeholders, who each hold a piece of a fragmented key, all agree that access should be granted. For example key pieces could be held by the service operator, the regulator, a court that signs off surveillance requests, the government agency wanting the information, and even the account holder themselves.
Consensus authentication would offer an alternative to government-mandated backdoors in Internet services. So instead of a single ‘master key' that poses privacy or data compliance risks by allowing unchecked access, decrypted data can be managed and safeguarded by third party access being locked to multi-stakeholder consensus.
“It would address that master key problem,” says Cheng. “Our solutions can work for the government. The NSA came out the other week saying they do not want a ‘golden key'. They want to encourage the regulators and the industries and even the account holders all to have a fragment. So it's very similar to what we're saying.”
“What we're doing is to translate the physical thinking that the police cannot come to visit me in my house at will. But if they have a court warrant then I have to comply,” they add.
They also argue that existing multi-factor authentication systems that do not split up each of the factors themselves remain at risk from hacking, since the entire biometric (for instance) is still in play and thus that honeypot of data remains vulnerable to theft/compromise. Whereas fragmenting every authenticating factor means “you don't have a complete picture [so] no quantum computer can crack it”.
“If you have a normal multi factor, multi key, they are still the three keys that people can try. If we only have fragments no one in the world can recover it, including myself,” they note. “It's this fragmentation which is the key — which is the solution to the problem.”
PQ is not the first or only company to come up with key splitting as a way to tighten the security screw but Cheng argues it's PQ's own multi factored approach — and its focus on integrating its thinking with business processes — that makes it stand out here. “People already do some kind of key splitting on the server level, and they use hardware — and all the other stuff — but what we do is to blend it into a business flow, which is entirely different.”
The startup has just been through the Barclays TechStars fintech bootcamp program in London, presenting at their latest Demo Day today. Thus far, the team has been bootstrapping the business, using money raised by two of the co-founders from a prior startup they sold, as well as taking in a small amount of investment from four super angels. It's now aiming to raise between £1 million and £2 million more to expand the team and follow through on all the calls Cheng says it's getting as security escalates up the enterprise agenda.
“For most startups they would be now at the stage of searching for clients, and trying to sign them and so on. But we have been inundated with enquiries… These are all very big firms. We just don't have enough people to follow up and follow through. So we have a slightly different problem from other startups.”
On the competition front, in the messaging space Cheng names Silent Circle and Wickr as rivals but again they argue there's a difference of emphasis, with PQ's sales pitch being b2b from the start, multi-sector focused, and concerned more broadly with data access compliance needs, controls and processes, rather than just aiming to offer privacy peace of mind via highly robust encryption.
“If you talk to all the banks and insurers it's all compliance they are after. It's all about security and privacy and compliance. It's not about secrecy,” they say. “We are actually offering a complete solution for enterprises. So this is why I would want to claim we are unique in that respect. All the other companies only sell just one product. They do not sell a solution.
“We have spent a long time working in banking, insurance and all the other sectors and we focus a lot on the processes, in order to offer solutions.”
Despite this enterprise focus, PQ's intention is not to become a managed services software house. It's aiming to scale up by choosing what Cheng terms an “anchor client” for each sector and customizing its software for that business, before going on to sell a standardized solution — derived from the work with the core client — to other companies in the sector.
In banking, PQ is working with Barclays as its anchor client, having gained “high level” access to the bank via the accelerator program; in insurance Cheng says it has a “large company” selected although he's not disclosing who at this point; in law it has a Magic Circle law firm. It is also working with certain bits of the U.K. government (as you might suspect) and doing trials with NATO. PQ also counts the former technical director of the NSA, Brian Snow, as a technical advisor.
In terms of scaling up from here in on, PQ is focusing on four main sectors. “In a year's time I want to have done something for each of my anchor clients in each critical sector — so at least one client with some solutions in banking, some in legal, some in insurance. And some in cloud, in the cloud provision as well,” says Cheng. “Healthcare we can tackle but that really is… It's a huge market but it's huge bureaucracy there.”
Cheng says NHS Trusts have been making enquiries about PQ's software — specifically seeking a fix for the problem of A&E staff WhatsApping each other as a path of the least resistance option to try to quickly locate specialists or medicines. “There is potential in using something like PQ Chat for the medical world, so they can at least transmit data securely. These were genuine requests from the Trusts. But we just haven't got time to address. But I think in a year's time I will be very happy if I can really address the banking, insurance and legal.”
So there you have it: building a post-quantum encryption business that spans multiple verticals is one thing. Willingly walking into the entangling embrace of reams of red tape quite another.
William Montgomery McGovern (September 28, 1897 – December 12, 1964) was an American adventurer, political scientist, Northwestern University professor, anthropologist and journalist. They were possibly an inspiration for the character of Indiana Jones.[1][2]
McGovern's life may be more incredible than the fictional character they spawned. By age 30, they had already explored the Amazon and braved uncharted regions of the Himalayas, survived revolution in Mexico, studied at Oxford and the Sorbonne and become a Buddhist priest in a Japanese monastery. They became a beloved lecturer, war correspondent and military strategist.
Biography [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
McGovern was born in Manhattan, New York, on September 28, 1897, the son of Janet Blair (née Montgomery) and Felix Daniel McGovern, an army officer.[3] Time reported that they began to travel at the age of six weeks, once visiting Mexico with their mother "just to see a revolution."[4]
Their formative years were spent in Asia. McGovern graduated with the degree of soro, or Doctor of Divinity, from the Buddhist monastery of Nishi Honganji in Kyoto, Japan at age 20 before going on to study at the Sorbonne and University of Berlin. They received their D.Phil. from Christ Church, Oxford in 1922—working their way through school by teaching Chinese at the University of London.[5]
Exploration [ edit ]
Shortly after graduation they began their first great expedition, to the remote mountain kingdom of Tibet. In their book To Lhasa in Disguise, McGovern claims they had to sneak into the country disguised as a local porter. As Time reported in 1938:
With a few Tibetan servants, they climbed through the wild, snowy passes of the Himalayas. There, in the bitter cold, they stood naked while a companion covered their body with brown stain, squirted lemon juice into their blue eyes to darken them. Thus disguised as a coolie, they arrived in the Forbidden City without being detected, but disclosed themselves to the civilian officials. A fanatical mob led by Buddhist monks stoned their house. Bill McGovern slipped out through a back door and joined the mob in throwing stones. The civil government took them into protective custody, finally sent them back to India with an escort.[4]
Another expedition to Peru and the Amazon would follow a few years later, resulting in another book, Jungle Paths and Inca Ruins.
Wartime activities [ edit ]
Second Sino-Japanese War [ edit ]
In 1937, McGovern was named Far East correspondent by the Chicago Times, arriving in Tokyo with their wife as war began with China. The couple set off for Manchukuo to cover the invasion, only to see Margaret thrown into jail for taking photos in the streets. They went on to spend long stints on the front.
World War II [ edit ]
When the United States joined what had become World War II, McGovern joined the United States Naval Reserve, serving from 1941 to 1945. At Guadalcanal, they operated behind enemy lines, using their knowledge of Japanese to taunt enemy soldiers and interrogate captives. In the closing days of the war they served in the European Theatre, crossing the Rhine with General Patton.[6]
Their most important job was not martial in nature however. Throughout the war they would rise at 5:30 AM to prepare a top-secret newspaper on enemy capabilities and intentions. This paper was considered required breakfast reading for President Roosevelt and the Joint Chiefs.[6]
Academic career [ edit ]
At age 30, McGovern became assistant curator of the anthropology department at Chicago's Field Museum of Natural History. Two years later, was appointed a professor of Political Science at Northwestern University, a position they would hold for the rest of their life. As Professor of Far Eastern Studies their classes were perpetually oversubscribed, given their eminence and popularity. Their lectures were never dull and frequently peppered with anecdotes from their time in the far east, particularly in Tibet and Japan. They insisted that their pupils learn at least one or two kanji characters a week as they carefully illustrated them on a large chalkboard at the front of the lecture hall and explained their meanings as they drew them. Their students considered themselves fortunate to have landed a spot in one of their classes. Their son, William M. McGovern jr., followed them into academia teaching law at Northwestern University School of Law in the early 1960s.
Between their time as a war correspondent during the Sino-Japanese War and the entry of the United States into World War II, McGovern lectured on government at Harvard University. In 1941, they published a well publicized history of fascist political ideologies.[7] During the post-War years, McGovern lectured on military intelligence and strategy at the Naval, Air and Army War Colleges.
Reputed to speak 12 languages and deaf in one ear, McGovern was an academic celebrity known for outlandish foreign dress and holding court in Northwestern's University Club.
Death [ edit ]
McGovern died after a long illness in Evanston at age 67 on December 12, 1964.[8]
Descendents [ edit ]
McGovern married their second cousin, Margaret Montgomery, and with them had four children—three daughters and a son.
Their granddaughter is actor Elizabeth McGovern.[9]
Works [ edit ]
MacGovern's work on central Asian history was heavily criticized by the journal American Anthropologist, in particular on their interpretations of Chinese classical sources : "Dr McGovern has converted this dry and perplexing source material into a racy and jocular chronicle where fact and fancy are so thoroughly mixed that a general reader could not possibly differentiate them. Furthermore, there are numerous generalizations and speculations not justified by the sources.".[10] Their work From Luther to Hitler was also criticized in the journal American Political Science Review on some key omissions and well as weaknesses in presentation of arguments : "Failure to distinguish clearly between basic assumptions and the doctrines deduced from them enables to suggest a degree of continuity which dissolves upon closer examination.".[11]
Election night was full of bad tweets, but one bad tweet in particular from the Mexican account for Hawkers sunglasses company about Trump winning the U.S. presidential election did not sit very well with Mexican F1 driver Sergio Perez, which the brand just began sponsoring this month.
According to Motorsport.com, the Hawkers sponsorship of Perez is only weeks old, with the brand's Perez-edition sunglasses going on sale just this month. The sponsorship ended today when Perez didn't like the Hawkers Twitter account joking about Mexicans building President-elect Donald Trump's border wall:
Update: Hawkers seem to have deleted the Tweet, so here's a screenshot.
The Hawkers tweet jokes about Mexicans wearing its sunglasses to hide their crying eyes when they begin building the wall, which has been a major point of contention in the U.S. election after President-elect Donald Trump announced they would build a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico and force Mexico to pay for it.
Perez rightfully took offense to their sponsor's distasteful tweet, and replied announcing that they were breaking their relationship with the company, vowing to “never let anyone make fun of my country.”
That wasn't the only tweet from Hawkers joking about the result of the election Tuesday night, with another joking about Mexicans being in danger.
Advertisement
The Hawkers account reacted to Perez's tweet a few hours later, claiming to have made a serious mistake and that it wont happen again.
Advertisement
It's not at all surprising that Perez would find any joke about Mexicans being forced to build a wall by the U.S. inappropriate for any of their sponsors to be making, and it's nice to see he's not willing to take any sort of shit like that from the people that pay the bills.
Hawkers still has a Tweet offering a chance to win free Perez-edition sunglasses if you Retweet pinned to its Twitter page as of Wednesday night.
It's that time of year again, when wealthy philomaths from around the globe flock to Vancouver for the week-long festival of ideas known as TED Talks.
The conference, whose name began as an acronym for Technology, Entertainment and Design, features A-list celebrities on stage alongside some of the world's leading thinkers sharing their knowledge in 18-minute bites on topics ranging from neuroscience to dance.
The theme of this year's event, which begins Monday, is The Future You. Some of the key speakers include tennis superstar Serena Williams, entrepreneur and Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk, and chess champion Garry Kasparov.
Lesser-known but equally promising speakers include Still Alice author Lisa Genova, CBS This Morning co-host Gayle King, and comedian and science fan Chuck Nice.
Gayle King arrives at the Hollywood Film Awards at the Palladium on Friday, Nov. 14, 2014, in Los Angeles. King will be one of dozens of speakers at the 2017 TED Talks in Vancouver. (Jordan Strauss/Invision/The Associated Press)
Despite the $8,500 US price tag, the conference is sold out again this year.
For everyone else, TED is offering special screenings of select talks in cinemas around the world throughout the week. Usually, the talks are released on various platforms throughout the year.
CBC's Lisa Johnson will be attending the conference all week, reporting on some of the key speakers and ideas.
Contents show]
History
Earth-1218 is the designation given to our reality,[1] where super-heroes and other super-powered beings don't exist. This universe may appear somewhat dull from a cerebral perspective, but it does have its good sides, for those willing to recognize them.
All heroes and villains are fictional characters and are currently owned by Marvel Comics. The first of these characters, Namor, the Sub-Mariner, appeared in a comic book entitled Motion Picture Funnies Weekly published in April 1939, followed soon after by the first issue of Marvel Comics, which would later provide the name of the publisher initially known as Timely Comics. Although numerous characters associated with Marvel would rise to popularity in the 1940s, the so-called "golden age" of Marvel (a.k.a. "Age of Heroes") is said to have truly begun with the publication of Fantastic Four #1 in 1961.
Some of the multiverse's residents attempt to break the fourth wall and communicate with Earth-1218, most notably Deadpool and She-Hulk.
Residents
Current known residents are 7.53 billion humans and other species of animals found on Earth. However, it is probable that there is more life elsewhere on another planet.
Trivia
Quaynh Trangle, 29, is fusing their crepe recipe with a novel mode of preparation.
Just like the doner restaurant across Kreuzberg's Mehringplatz, Quaynh shaves slices off a big mass turning on a spit, which they first saw at a trade fair.
But here beef, onions, tomatoes and garlic sauce are replaced by chocolate shavings, whipped cream and fruit, all wrapped up in a freshly-made crepe.
Plain, hazelnut or nutella crepes are €2.99. For 50 cents more you can add strawberries, banana, mango or hot cherry.
First opened in December of last year, Taste Away is now seeing a steady stream of customers who are curious about the chocolate doner.
Nick Theodorakis, a tourist from Los Angeles, was intrigued by the presentation and very satisfied by the taste.
"It was surprisingly light and fluffy. It was pretty delicious overall," they say.
It reminds them of a similarly chocolaty cultural mélange from back in California.
"In L.A. we have something called a choco taco. They take a taco and put a dessert in it. It was a huge hit that got picked up at all the fast food restaurants.
“I could see this kind of having the same effect."
If the success continues, Quaynh, who first came to Berlin as a student from Vietnam in 2003, has plans to expand their business.
"I'm planning to open more stores some day, but for now I just need to manage this one well. Then I can develop it further," they told The Local.
They appreciate the multicultural flavour of Berlin, a perfect complement to the collision of cultures in their deserts.
CLICK HERE to see how the chocolate doner is made
J. Arthur White
Lessons from the Past and Building the Future
How can we help the next attempt at the Metaverse to be more successful? This article will present the idea that our attempts to directly build the large general-purpose virtual environments (“to build the Metaverse”) are, in itself, what have prevented a successful Metaverse from happening.
The Andromeda Blog warns us that virtual reality is doomed to repeat the failures of the past unless we recognize what those failures are, and start thinking in a new direction. They remind us that a popular definition of insanity is “Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.” In the context of virtual reality, they're right. We need to do something different than what has already been tried and failed.
What do people think is different this time around? “We have new technology!” “This time, we're going to make virtual reality a platform!” “People are starting to take this seriously!” Those things are all important contributors, but are they at the heart of the problem? Only when we are able to recognize what we're doing wrong are we able to figure out what needs to be different.
In previous articles, we've identified two easily overlooked but very substantial user needs which were neglected in previous implementations. First, there was a failure to maintain novelty (as the initial novelty decayed, large virtual worlds became boring). Second, there was a lack of utility (there was little real-world value which people obtained in virtual reality). A successful Metaverse has to continue to entertain its users. If and when that fails, it has to provide real-world value if it hopes to retain them.
What if there is another problem, more fundamental, that is baked right into the design?
Monolithic Worlds vs Modular Worlds
In this article, we're going to explore the problem in different direction: monolithic worlds. This may not be a popular observation with some of the readers who find themselves invested in those designs. I understand; I happen to love a couple of them. But we need to illustrate a different approach.
Over the years, there have been many discussions between programmers about the trade-offs between monolithic and modular applications. Each have their own advantages. Many people seem to preach an approach that is somewhere in between the two extremes. I bring this up only because I wanted to use some of the descriptions in Mike Schinkel's post not to talk directly about the code, but to describe where we've been with virtual worlds.
Look at the two groups below. Which one of Mike's groups best describe the virtual worlds that you're familiar with?
GROUP 1
Grand Visions
[relatively] Significant Development Budgets
Requirement to Accommodate Infinite Future Scope
Minimum Utilization of External Components
Software Comprised of Complex and Highly-Coupled Components
GROUP 2
Modest Visions
[relatively] Little or No Development Budgets
Moderate Consideration of Future Scope
Cohesive and Focused Functionality
Maximum Utilization of External Components
When I think of Second Life, World of Warcraft, Gary's Mod, or perhaps even the multi-user dungeons of the 80s and 90s, I think of the first group. That group is monolithic.
The Monolithic Virtual World
The Andromeda Blog makes the distinction between a client-based virtual reality system and a browser-based VR system. For the purpose of this discussion, the underlying technology doesn't matter so much. A monolithic virtual world envisions itself as an all-in-one solution that others will create their content inside of.
A monolithic virtual world generally begins with a moderately funded developer and a grand design. They create a general-purpose environment which runs within a tightly controlled specification. Yes, they might offer plug-ins or modules. They may offer you the ability to customize within their world, but the entirety of the world is under their control. You choose to build your own story inside of it. Not to the side. Not standing by itself.
When you build in someone else's world, you are tied to their user base. You're tied to their features. You're tied to their upgrades and their innovation. You're tied into their terms of service. You're tied into their reputation. All of these can be positives and negatives. These alone are enough to keep developers at bay.
Does the engine for their virtual world lend itself to making a twitch-based shooter? A for-profit online movie theater? Secure chat? Real-world purchases? Telepresence? A hyper-realistic physics simulator? Low-latency communications? A monolithic virtual reality engine can't be everything to everyone. It can't be as good as a standalone application.
A previous article enumerated many of the choices in dealing with something as simple as load. Those are not fundamental decisions that you want someone else to make on your behalf. As an example, creating a twitch based first-person shooter inside of a virtual world simply doesn't make any sense if that virtual world's engine uses time dilation to handle load.
Are the faults of monolithic virtual worlds important? You better believe it. Innovation happens at the edges. Innovation is tied to novelty and utility. Novelty and utility are things that provide actual value to the end users. Trying to shoehorn many small developers into the same monolithic environment does not promote innovation.
When a well-funded company decides that they're going to create “the Metaverse”, their design considerations will be shaped by the need for financial returns on a large scale. The natural tendency will be for them to go with a general-purpose monolithic approach. Do we have any reason to believe that “this time” they can use the same tried-and-failed approach and see different results? Does more money or newer technology cure the insanity?
A different approach is needed here.
The Modular Virtual World
If we see Second Life as an example of the monolithic approach, then what is an example of a modular approach? Something like Riftmax Theater would be part of a modular approach to a virtual world. Riftmax Theater stands alone and doesn't require someone else's virtual world to operate. It doesn't try to be everything to everybody. It has a limited scope, and it concentrates on performing a core set of features very well.
The Opportunity to Do Something Different
Riftmax Theater succeeds, but it stands alone, unconnected to other worlds. How do we fit this and other well defined modules (with their unique code and focused advantages) into a larger universe? How does this form the Metaverse? This is the new problem that we need to solve.
While we recognize the value that monolithic designs provide, the design pendulum needs to swing back towards the middle. In a time of innovation and growth, we need the benefits of a modular virtual world. We need many developers working off of unique visions. We need competition.
Is there a way that we can build virtual worlds differently this time? Can we find a way to balance a general-purpose monolithic architecture with a specialized modular implementation? Can we unite stand-alone software? I think we can; it is just a matter of how. There are several ways to approach this, and an upcoming post may present one such solution.
Many North American tourist spots sell fudge. It's just a thing.
Why fudge? In the normal course of things, fudge is… just another confection. It's not as ubiquitous as, say, a chocolate bar. And yet, writes Robert Reid for National Geographic, “at least in America, wherever you roam, you can only go to one of two kinds of destinations: those with fudge, and those without.” Fudge is the best indicator of whether or not something is actually a tourist attraction, they write.
But still: why fudge? “No one wakes up in the morning and goes, ‘Hmm, I need fudge today,'” one fudge-seller at a San Francisco tourist attraction told him. Instead, the kind of people who smell the buttery, sugary, vanillaey whiffs of fudge and reach for their wallets are people who have spare cash and time to kill. In other words: tourists.
If you head to any small town that's regularly visited by tourists, writes Hamilton Nolan for Gawker, you'll see it: not just some fudge, but a lot of fudge, usually made at a place that specializes in fudge. This is true across the country and in Canada too.
The tourism-related fudge craze is nothing new, either, Reid writes. It's been around since the Victorian period, when tourism as we would think about it first became a thing. At that time, they write, watching fudge-making was a common tourist activity in places like Niagara Falls. “From sidewalks outside candy shops, tourists would peer through plate-glass windows in awe as mustachioed fudgeteers confidently combined vats of sugar, butter and milk, then guided the mixture into oversized machines that noisily churned out delicious slabs of sticky goodness,” they write.
Of course, fudge-makers had planned this spectacle, realizing that “people will stop to see almost anything done,” as one 1901 pamphlet observes, “especially if the performance requires some particular knowledge.”
According to Reid, the first-known recipe for fudge is in a letter written by a Vassar college first-year student named Emelyn Battersby Hartridge. “From that point on, the all-female student body carried on quite the tradition, swapping fudge recipes, singing songs about it and making it in bulk to raise money for the school,” they write.
An 1898 newspaper describes fudge as “a wonderful Vassarene confection composed of molasses, sugar, butter and heaven knows what else.” Another newspaper from the same year indicates that by this point, fudge had reached Bryn Mawr.
At some point, though, fudge left the colleges. Some entrepreneurial person started selling this novelty at a tourist spot. The swell of tourism after the Civil War, unfolding only a little before the birth of fudge, created a new market, one hungry for entertainment in all its forms.
So maybe fudge—like Dippin' Dots or cotton candy—became a tourist dessert because it was a novel way of making sweets. Fudgeries provided both the entertainment of watching something new and unusual being made and the happy junk-food rush of eating a filling, sweet candy. And today, although fudge isn't something new, both those pleasures persist. It's a winning recipe, so why change it?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EAST LANSING, Mich. -- Young women in America are often told not to settle for a man who makes them anything less than 100 percent happy. But a new study has found that settling for "Mr. Pretty Good" is a better evolutionary strategy than holding out for Mr. Right.
Michigan State University researchers found that human nature contains a strong element of risk aversion -- that is, a tendency to take the safest bet when stakes are high. This encouraged primitive humans to settle for a currently available mate, since waiting for something better to come along increased the risk that the human might never mate at all.
"Primitive humans were likely forced to bet on whether or not they could find a better mate," said Chris Adami, MSU professor of microbiology and molecular genetics and co-author of the paper.
“This will require a review of our policy toward Pakistan, more guarantees to it, and, alas, a decision that our security policy toward Pakistan cannot be dictated by our nonproliferation policy.” Zbigniew Brzezinski — Letter to US President Jimmy Carter (December 26, 1979)
Zbigniew Kazimierz Brzezinski — a US policy adviser and academic born on March 28 1928 — died on May 26 2017. Patrick Armstrong — a former analyst in the Canadian Department of National Defence specializing in the USSR/Russia — just posted a realist analysis of their legacy. Follow us on Twitter: @INTEL_TODAY
Zbigniew Brzezinski to the Mujahideen: “Your cause is right and God is on your side!”
About Patrick Armstrong
Patrick Armstrong was an analyst in the Canadian Department of National Defence specializing in the USSR/Russia. I started in the time of Chernenko and watched the whole thing develop. They were a Counselor in the Canadian Embassy 1993-1996.
Armstrong retired in May 2008 and have been writing on Russia and related subjects on the Net ever since.
They have written for various blogs and discussion groups – some since departed and some still there. I recently decided to start my own blog — Russia Observer — with the intention that it become a repository for my writings.
Generally speaking, the predominant theme of their career was that we had a great opportunity when the USSR disappeared to make a more cooperative world. Instead, we have steadily turned Russia into an enemy – and a much more capable one than we casually assumed in the 1990s.
REFERENCES
Zbigniew Brzezinski obituary — Guardian
Turning a Blind Eye Again? The Khan Network's History and Lessons for U.S. Policy — ArmsControl
=
Zbigniew Brzezinski: “An exceptional failure all round.”
BITTORRENT has announced the alpha release of its latest product, a browser known as Project Maelstrom.
The browser, which is currently invited only, is designed to utilise the BitTorrent protocol to power the web.
The concept is simple. Instead of hosting content on a centralised server, it is distributed peer to peer. This is the latest in a long line of ways to legally utilise the BitTorrent protocol legally, moving its reputation away from the illegal file-sharing days of old.
It's a little bit like hosting a website using the inbuilt IIS services hidden away in Windows, but with a less linear distribution infrastructure, and the added safety of not giving someone access to data stored directly on your computer.
The company has already launched BitTorrent Sync, a file synchronisation system that works across remote locations and BitTorrent Bleep, also currently in alpha, offering peer-to-peer instant messaging. Media file-sharing has found a legal model with BitTorrent Bundles.
In the company blog, CEO Eric Klinker said, "If we are successful, we believe this project has the potential to help address some of the most vexing problems facing the Internet today.
"How can we keep the Internet open? How can we keep access to the Internet neutral? How can we better ensure our private data is not misused by large companies? How can we help the Internet scale efficiently for content?"
Promoting the legal use of BitTorrent is a primary consideration for the company which bears the name of a practice associated with sites like the recently, and possibly permanently erstwhile Pirate Bay.
The move has been sparked, in part by the threats to net neutrality that have come to the forefront of the minds of internet users over the past year. By decentralising web distribution, BitTorrent hopes to remove the "gatekeeping" aspect provided by the companies who are overstepping their boundaries in attempts to run the web. µ
Lo Mak / Redlink / Corbis A woman prepares Puer tea in Kunming, China
There is Champagne, France; Tequila, Mexico; and Parma, Italy  all places turned trade names known for their unique, high-quality foods. Now, if China has its way, there could be another: Puer.
This lush corner of Yunnan province in China's south is home to one of the world's hottest teas. Puer tea may not look like much  it is typically sold in heaps resembling cow patties  but one mug of these aged leaves can fetch up to $1,000. The drink is touted for its health benefits and is loved for its light, earthy taste. It is already a hit in Hong Kong, where rare teas are a status symbol among the city's élite, and it is generating hype outside China, too. Three high-profile Silicon Valley techies recently tweeted and blogged their way through a Puer tea tour of Yunnan. Dieters, meanwhile, are buzzing about rumors that Victoria Beckham, the svelte former Spice Girl, drinks Puer to lose weight. (Read "Storming the Teacup.")
Making Puer tea as internationally renown as Roquefort cheese could expand China's tea exports while adding a bit of luster to a food industry infamous for its health scandals. But building a Puer brand will depend on getting control of a market riddled with imposters, financial speculation and controversies.
The need for stricter control of the Puer industry became clear two years ago, when the Puer market went on a destabilizing roller-coaster ride. Some Chinese buy tea as an investment, much like Europeans buy wines. In the early part of the decade, thousands of cash-rich urbanites poured their savings into the Puer, causing prices to double, then triple. "People were buying anything," says David Lee Hoffman, a California collector. By 2007, the finest aged Puer was  quite literally  worth its weight in gold. As demand soared, however, quality suffered, fakes flooded the market and prices fell.
That's when Beijing stepped in. In an effort to restore confidence, piracy-prone China tightened controls to define exactly what should be considered real Puer. As of December 2008, only teas produced in Yunnan province's 639 towns and 11 prefectures and cities can be labeled "Puer." Branded tea must also be made with a certain type of leaf, using specified technology. Yunnan leaves aged outside the province are no longer considered authentic. The goal, officials say, is to protect Yunnan's heritage and build an internationally viable, niche brand.
Not everyone welcomes the rules. It is unclear if other Chinese provinces will adhere to the regulations and grow different teas under new names. The new standards, for example, shut out tea producers in neighboring Guangdong province, who claim that the tea they process is as authentic  perhaps even more so  than Yunnan's. Guangdong tea makers contend that it was Pearl River traders, not Yunnan farmers, that originally perfected Puer. Zheng Mukun, a tea master from Guangdong, says the province's claim dates to the Qing dynasty, when tightly packed leaves were fermented over the course of the three-month journey, by horse, from Kunming to Guangzhou. The blackened leaves became popular in Hong Kong and industrious southerners began to experiment with fermentation. At the 1957 Canton Fair, Zheng says, local tea masters shared their recipes with colleagues from Yunnan. Ever since, the provinces competed to produce the best teas. Earlier this month, at a trade fair in Hong Kong, a table of Guangdong tea vendors called the regulations "unfair" and "ridiculous."
Experts also have doubts that Chinese regulators can get enough control over the Puer market to build a premier brand. Beijing's standards only apply to domestic producers; competitors in Vietnam, Sri Lanka and Burma can continue to grow and sell their own "Puer" tea. Hoffman, the collector, predicts that fakes will persist and urges caution. "This has always been a buyer-beware market, and it will always be thus," they say. (Read "Will China's New Food-Safety Laws Work?")
Still, Hoffman is confident the industry can thrive  and he's put money on it. This fall, they plan to open a luxury tea shop in California that will be a gathering place for American aficionados and a showcase for their fine, aged Puers. "There is a lot of hype and marketing, but that doesn't interest me," they say. "I am only interested in taste." People have offered to buy their collection, but he's dismissed them in turn. They wouldn't trade it now, they say, not for all the tea in China.
Watch "Poker Comes to China."
​Spanish goalkeeper Pepe Reina's future now appears to be in doubt after the Napoli man stormed out of a team dinner along with their wife Yolanda Ruiz during the week.
All of the Napoli camp were having an end of season dinner at a public restaurant when president Aurelio De Laurentiis made a very poor joke about the stopper and their wife.
La Gazzetta dello Sport claim that De Laurentiis stood up, looked at Reina and told them they “has to to give up some outside distractions to become stronger."
Yolanda immediately got up and stormed off, and despite the president claiming they were only joking, Reina left too.
The former Liverpool keeper later posted the following tweet:
Translation: The true elegance is to remain indifferent to people who are worth little.
Yolanda followed with a post of their own on Instagram, stating: "When the rulers lose their shame, those who obey lose respect."
This isn't the first time Reina and De Laurentiis have had issues. Late last year, there was said to be tension when several players, including the keeper, asked the president what bonus they would receive for qualifying for the knockout stage of the Champions League.
The 34-year-old's contract is set to expire next year, and a renewal now looks unlikely.
Kavan Flavius is a regular contributor to the Official Chelsea Guest Fan Blog, find them on Twitter @KavanFlavius.
​​
Sen. Kelly Ayotte is an establishment Republican from New Hampshire. In fact, she's about as establishment as you can get.
They supported the Gang of Eight immigration reform bills; they support climate change measures like Obama's Clean Power Plan. In more conservative states like Alabama or Georgia, they would never make it past the primaries as a Republican (in fact, she'd probably end up like Charlie Crist and become a Democrat–or move to a northern state).
Ayotte is up for election this year–a tough year to be running. And to make it harder, Senate Majority PAC, a Democrat super PAC is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars running television ads tying Ayotte to–of all people–Donald Trump, who if you remember assaulted New Hampshire like Patton took the Ardennes just a month ago.
The ad running in N.H., titled “Delay” ties Ayotte's completely reasonable stance that the Senate should not take up any Supreme Court nomination by President Obama for the remainder of their lame duck term, to Trump. Ayotte didn't endorse Trump; they didn't endorse anyone in the presidential primary. That's a smart move, given that they need to be re-elected.
It doesn't matter though: Democrats are going to paint every single senator and representative with a big fat brush loaded with Trump's orange complexion. They're all for Trump because Trump leads the GOP race. Even if Trump doesn't win the nomination, their stain will be used to take down Republican candidates in down ballot elections.
This was very predictable, because I (not the most well-connected cog in the wheel) predicted it in early July 2015. I warned the GOP to take Trump seriously, and obviously went unheeded until now.
Perhaps the other Republican candidates shouldn't be so quick to ignore and marginalize Trump. Instead maybe they should build them up a bit, because if the Democrats can successfully take down Trump with their cash, name, and message, it won't be hard for them to tie the rest of the GOP field to that millstone.
I contacted Ayotte's office for a response to this attack ad, which to any informed voter is simply absurd. At the time of this writing I have not received a response.
A deadly attack on a popular Ivory Coast beach resort Sunday that killed at least 16 most likely targeted a U.S. delegation led by the assistant commerce secretary, who was visiting the country, a diplomatic source in the region told Fox News.
There was no indication any Americans had been killed or wounded in the attack, according to the source.
Assistant Secretary of Commerce Marcus Jadotte was leading a group of Americans in Grand-Bassam, including college recruiters from the University of Florida. U.S. embassy officials from the capital city of Abidjan were also included in the group, according to the source.
The delegation was supposed to arrive at the scene of the attack, Etoile du Sud, a hotel popular with Westerners. The delegation had not yet made it to the hotel when the attack occurred.
A jihadist group called Ansar Dine, or "defenders of the faith," which is linked to Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, was suspected of the attack, the source said. Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb later claimed responsibility for the attack, according to a Jihad monitoring website cited by the Associated Press.
The US Embassy in the Ivory Coast had instructed all Americans to "shelter in place" following the attack.
The U.S. ambassador to the Ivory Coast was not in the country at the time of the attack, having left to attend a conference in Washington led by Secretary of State John Kerry.
But the deadly attack did leave 14 civilians and two special forces soldiers dead, as well as all six attackers, President Alassane Ouattara said, according to Reuters.
The attackers, who were "heavily armed and wearing balaclavas, fired at guests at the Etoile du Sud, a large hotel which was full of expats in the current heatwave," a witness told AFP.
Marcel Guy said they saw at least four gunmen with Kalashnikov rifles on the beach. They said one approached two children, and spoke in Arabic. One child knelt and prayed, the other child was shot dead.
"I was swimming when it started and I ran away," said Dramane Kima, who showed video of the carnage to Reuters. They also took pictures of grenades and ammunition clips they believed were left behind by the gunmen.
Jacques Able, who identified themselves as the owner of Etoile du Sud said one person had been killed at the hotel.
A receptionist at Etoile du Sud hotel said the attacks happened on the beach.
"We don't know where they came from, and we don't know where they've gone," they said of the gunmen.
Security forces and members of the Ivorian Red Cross were clearing the bodies.
Josiane Sekongo, who lives across from one of the town's many beachfront hotels, said they ran outside when they heard the gunfire and saw people running away from the beach. Sekongo, 25, said residents were hiding in their homes as security forces responded.
At least one French person died in the attack, a French Foreign Ministry spokesperson told Reuters.
French President Francois Hollande denounced the "cowardly attack."
"France will bring its logistical support and intelligence to the Ivory Coast to find the attackers," Hollande said in a statement viewed by Reuters. "[France] will pursue and intensify its cooperation with its partners in the fight against terrorism."
The attack in Ivory Coast Sunday is the third West African attack by Islamic militants against popular establishments frequented by Westerners since November.
In November, an attack on the Radisson Blu hotel in Mali's capital city of Bamako left 20 dead. A U.S. special forces soldier assisted in evacuating the wounded.
In January, an attack in Burkina Faso's capital city killed 30 at a popular hotel including an American missionary, Mike Riddering, swho was sitting at a cafe across the street from the hotel.
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Mulayam Singh Yadav, the leader of India's Samajwadi Party, has been criticised for comments they made about rape (Picture: AFP/Getty Images)
Two high-ranking politicians in India have caused outrage by suggesting women who are raped or have consensual sex outside of wedlock should be hanged.
A senior member of India's Socialist Party, Abu Azmi, apparently said they wanted women who were forced to have sex against their will to be put to death at the same time as their attackers.
‘Rape is punishable by hanging in Islam but here, nothing happens to women, only to men. Even the woman is guilty,' they told NDTV news.
‘Any woman if, whether married or unmarried, goes along with a man, with or without their consent, should be hanged.
‘Both should be hanged. It shouldn't be allowed even if a woman goes by consent.'
Controversial: Abu Azmi (Picture: YouTube)
The party's leader, Mulayam Singh Yadav, also argued men who were convicted of rape should be forgiven as ‘boys will be boys'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘Following a girl-boy fight, the girl complains they were raped,' they added at an election event on Thursday.
They said if they won the election and became prime minister, the law that punishes rape with death would be abolished.
Mr Azmi's son Farhan has since apologised for the statements their father made, the Independent reported.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Most of Myanmar's citizens are Buddhists
A New Zealander and two Burmese men running a bar in Yangon have been accused of insulting Buddhism over a flyer depicting Buddha with headphones.
The trio appeared in court for using the image to promote a drinks event.
The image triggered an angry response online shortly after it appeared on the bar's Facebook page.
Burmese law makes it illegal to insult or damage any religion. Myanmar, also known as Burma, has also seen growing Buddhist nationalism.
The BBC's Jonah Fisher in Yangon says the flyer from VGastro Bar showed Buddha with their eyes shut, wearing large headphones, and surrounded by lurid colours. The words alongside advertised a drinks afternoon for Sunday with limitless alcohol and shisha pipes.
'Our ignorance is embarrassing'
On Wednesday, police shut down the bar and detained general manager Philip Blackwood, 32, owner Tun Thurein, 40, and manager Htut Ko Ko Lwin, 26, reported AFP news agency.
The arrest was triggered by a complaint by an official from the country's religious department.
The three are expected to be formally charged next week and can face up to two years in jail.
The picture has been removed and replaced with an apology, stating that the management's intention "was never to cause offense to anyone or toward any religious group".
"Our ignorance is embarrassing for us and we will attempt to correct it by learning more about Myanmar's religions, culture and history."
News outlet Stuff quoted a New Zealand foreign affairs ministry spokesperson as saying they were aware of the arrest of Mr Blackwood and were providing consular assistance to them and their family.
Buddhist nationalism has been on the rise in recent years, with extremist monks such as Wirathu growing in popularity and increasing clashes with Muslim minorities, particularly in Rakhine state.
International observers, including US President Obama during their November visit to Myanmar, have appealed to the Burmese government to look into discrimination of some groups, including the Muslim Rohingyas.
The email below appeared after a chat with my mum where they insisted the world is a better place with religion in it. On a whim I decided to pose to them the rhetorical device first used, I think, by Christopher Hitchins. In it, they challenge their opponent to name one act of goodness or kindness inspired by religion that could not otherwise be performed by a non-religious person. Their sting comes in the follow-up question where they ask them to name evil acts inspired by religion that no normal person would do. While no examples can be found for the the first question, countless examples of the latter instantly spring to mind. My mum said they would have a think and about two weeks later I received this reply…
Continue reading →
For some grim fun, read the following three links in order.
First, Human Rights Watch on Human Rights in Rwanda:
Rwanda has made important economic and development gains, but the government has continued to impose tight restrictions on freedom of expression and association. Opposition parties are unable to operate. Victoire Ingabire, president of the FDU-Inkingi, and Bernard Ntaganda, president of the PS-Imberakuri, are both serving prison sentences; several other opposition party members are also in prison in connection with their political activities or criticism of government policies. In February, Rwanda adopted a new media law that contains some positive elements, but has not had much impact in practice. Persistent threats against as well as prosecutions of journalists have all but destroyed independent journalism. The government's intimidation and infiltration of Rwandan human rights organizations has had a devastating effect on their ability to operate independently. A revised draft law on genocide ideology, approved by the National Assembly and Senate in mid-2013, contains improvements, but retains language that could be used to criminalize free speech. In 2012, several governments suspended part of their assistance to Rwanda because of its military support to the M23, an armed group responsible for serious abuses in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Next, from Howard W. French's January 2013 Newsweek article “The Case Against Rwanda's President Paul Kagame“:
TIME/CNN Poll Shows Increasing Number Of Americans Won't Give Up Civil Liberties To Fight Terrorism
from the the-government-can't-give-you-safety,-but-it-can-take-your-rights dept
When discussing NYPD Police Chief Ray Kelly's assertion that "privacy is off the table" as a result of the Boston bombing, I mentioned I hadn't heard any public outcry demanding the government and law enforcement step in and do something (i.e., curtail civil liberties) in response to the tragedy. The responses we were seeing seemed to be nothing more than legislators and law enforcement officials pushing their own agendas.
This isn't just me not hearing what I don't want to hear. There's actual data available that explains the lack of concerned noises from Americans. A CNN/TIME poll shows that nearly two-thirds of Americans aren't interested in sacrificing rights to combat terrorism.
When given a choice, 61 percent of Americans say they are more concerned about the government enacting new anti-terrorism policies that restrict civil liberties, compared to 31 percent who say they are more concerned about the government failing to enact strong new anti-terrorism policies.
This is a vast improvement over 1996, when a post-Atlanta Olympics bombing poll showed only 23% opposed giving up freedom in exchange for fighting terrorism.Breaking it down further, the poll also shows a bit of split along party lines . Self-identified Democrats are most likely to put their faith in government/law enforcement to make the U.S. "safer" by curtailing freedoms (51%). Republicans are less likely to favor this exchange (41%). For independents, less than a third (32%) are willing to give up some freedom to combat terrorism.There is a bit of bad news contained within this generally positive indicator that Americans are less willing to give up something of theirs in exchange for the vagaries of "safety." The percentage of respondents who support additional surveillance in public areas has increased to 81% from 63% the week after the 9/11 attacks. On the other hand, there's a growing reluctance among Americans to allow the government to expand its surveillance efforts to cover more private venues, like email or cell phones. Only 38% approve of these efforts, down from 54% after 9/11.Now, when legislators and law enforcement reps make strides towards reducing civil liberties, theyhavesupport. Those over the age of 50 (across all political parties) are most likely to support a loss of freedom (50%, as compared to only 34% for those under 50). Tellingly, this is pretty much the same demographic that feels video games are a bigger "safety threat" than guns (72% of respondents over the age of 45).Unfortunately for the under-50 crowd, the over-50 demographic is historially the most active at the polls. If this perception of widespread support for invasive policies and legislation is going to change, the under-50 demographic is going to need to do a whole lot more voting. If not, these politicians are going to be able tosay they have support for these policies -- at least, the only support that matters: die-hard voters.
Filed Under: civil liberties, fear, fud, terrorism, the public
Here is the question the people of Scotland will face in the next independence referendum: when England falls out of the boat like a block of concrete, do you want your foot tied to it?
It would be foolish to deny that there are risks in leaving the United Kingdom. Scotland's economy is weak, not least because it has failed to wean itself off North Sea oil. There are major questions, not yet resolved, about the currency it would use; its trading relationship with the rump of the UK; and its association with the European Union, which it's likely to try to rejoin.
Theresa May's refusal to give an inch has forced Sturgeon's hand | Ruth Wishart Read more
But the risks of staying are as great or greater. Ministers are already trying to reconcile us to the possibility of falling out of the EU without a deal. If this happens, Britain would be the only one of the G20 nations without special access to EU trade – “a very destructive outcome leading to mutually assured damage for the EU and the UK”, according to the Commons foreign affairs committee. As the government has a weak hand, an obsession with past glories and an apparent yearning for a heroic gesture of self-destruction, this is not an unlikely result.
On the eve of the first independence referendum, in September 2014, David Cameron exhorted the people of Scotland to ask themselves: “Will my family and I truly be better off by going it alone? Will we really be more safe and secure?” Thanks to their machinations, the probable answer is now: yes.
In admonishing Scotland for seeking to protect itself from this chaos, the government applies a simple rule: whatever you say about Britain's relationship with Europe, say the opposite about Scotland's relationship with Britain.
In their speech to the Scottish Conservatives' spring conference, Theresa May observed that “one of the driving forces behind the union's creation was the remorseless logic that greater economic strength and security come from being united”. They were talking about the UK, but the same remorseless logic applies to the EU. In this case, however, they believe that our strength and security will be enhanced by leaving. “Politics is not a game, and government is not a platform from which to pursue constitutional obsessions,” they stormed – to which you can only assent.
A Conservative member of the Scottish parliament, Jamie Greene, complains that a new referendum “would force people to vote blind on the biggest political decision a country could face. That is utterly irresponsible.” This reminds me of something, but I can't quite put my finger on it.
Before the last Scottish referendum, when the polls suggested that Scotland might choose independence, Boris Johnson, then London mayor, warned that “we are on the verge of an utter catastrophe for this country … No one has thought any of this through.” Now, as foreign secretary, they assure us that “we would be perfectly OK” if Britain leaves the EU without a deal.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Independence supporters gather in Glasgow's George Square after Nicola Sturgeon's call for a second referendum. Photograph: Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images
The frantic attempts by government and press to delegitimise the decision by the Scottish first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, to call for a second independence vote fall flat. Them party's manifesto for the last Scottish election gives them an evident mandate: it would hold another referendum “if there is a significant and material change in the circumstances that prevailed in 2014, such as Scotland being taken out of the EU against our will”.
Contrast this with May's position. They have no mandate, from either the general election or the referendum, for leaving the single market and the European customs union. Them intransigence over these issues bends the Conservative manifesto's pledge to “strengthen and improve devolution for each part of our United Kingdom”.
Them failure to consult the governments of Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland before unilaterally deciding that the UK would leave the single market, and their refusal to respond to the paper the Scottish government produced exploring possible options for a continued engagement with the EU after Brexit testify to a relationship characterised by paternalism and contempt.
You can see the same attitude in the London-based newspapers. As the last referendum approached, they treated Scotland like an ungrateful servant. “What spoilt, selfish, childlike fools those Scots are … They simply don't have a clue how lucky they are,” Melanie Reid sniffed in the Times. Now the charge is scheming opportunism. “We hope the Scottish people call Sturgeon out for their cynical, self-interested game-playing,” rages the Sun's English edition. If you want to know what cynical, self-interested game-playing looks like, read the Sun's Scottish edition. It says the opposite, contrasting the risks of independence with “the stick-on certainty of decades of Tory rule with nothing to soften it”, if Scotland remains within the UK.
Mhairi Black is right – Westminster politics is defunct | Suzanne Moore Read more
Whenever I visit Scotland, I'm reminded that Britain is politically dead from the neck down. South of the border, we tolerate repeated assaults on the commonweal. As the self-hating state destroys its own power to distribute wealth, support public services and protect the NHS from ruin; as it rips up the rules protecting workers, the living world, our food, water and the very air we breathe; as disabled people are pushed off a cliff and poor people are evicted from their homes, we stand and stare. As the trade minister colludes with the dark money network on both sides of the Atlantic, threatening much that remains, we shake our heads then turn away.
Sure, there are some protests. There is plenty of dissent on social media; but our response is pathetic in comparison with the scale of what we face. The Labour opposition is divided, directionless and currently completely useless. But north of the border politics is everywhere, charged with hope, anger and a fierce desire for change. Again and again, this change is thwarted by the dead weight of Westminster. Who would remain tethered to this block, especially as the boat begins to list?
Scotland could wait to find out what happens after Brexit, though it is hard to see any likely outcome other than more of this and worse. Or it could cut the rope, pull itself back into the boat, and sail towards a hopeful if uncertain future. I know which option I would take.
Definition and etymology Edit
Reasons for theodicy Edit
German philosopher Max Weber interpreted theodicy as a social problem,[25] and viewed theodicy as a "problem of meaning". Weber argued that, as human society became increasingly rational, the need to explain why good people suffered and evil people prospered became more important because religion casts the world as a "meaningful cosmos". Weber framed the problem of evil as the dilemma that the good can suffer and the evil can prosper, which became more important as religion became more sophisticated.[26] They identified two purposes of theodicy: to explain why good people suffer (a theodicy of suffering), and why people prosper (a theodicy of good fortune). A theodicy of good fortune seeks to justify the good fortune of people in society; Weber believed that those who are successful are not satisfied unless they can justify why they deserve to be successful.[27] For theodicies of suffering, Weber argued that three different kinds of theodicy emerged—predestination, dualism, and karma—all of which attempt to satisfy the human need for meaning, and they believed that the quest for meaning, when considered in light of suffering, becomes the problem of suffering.[28] Sociologist Peter L. Berger characterised religion as the human attempt to build order out of a chaotic world. They believed that humans could not accept that anything in the world was meaningless and saw theodicy as an assertion that the cosmos has meaning and order, despite evidence to the contrary.[29] Berger presented an argument similar to that of Weber, but suggested that the need for theodicy arose primarily out of the situation of human society. They believed that theodicies existed to allow individuals to transcend themselves, denying the individual in favour of the social order.[30] Philosopher Richard Swinburne says "most theists need a theodicy, [they need] an account of reasons why God might allow evil to occur. Without a theodicy evil counts against the existence of God."[15]:2
History Edit
Alternatives Edit
See also Edit
References Edit
It could've been good. Colorism and its many manifestations isn't the stuff of one-time conversation. It's big, heavy talk and, piggybacking off the initial discussion ignited by Dark Girls last year, it's big, heavy, necessary talk. But Light Girls stumbled early in its two-hour stretch of TV time and couldn't upright itself, not even at the end when they carted out a cute little girl singing about their light shining and India.Arie to strum us one of their soul-soothing affirmations. It just wasn't enough.
To be fair, a documentary about the colorism-related hurts of light-skinned and biracial women had a hard way to go before it even aired. Critics were loaded, cocked and aimed well in advance across social media, so much so that the controversy kicked up around the show probably netted more viewers than it would've gotten without it. It had the responsibility of being doubly good to not only deliver the expected content with aplomb, but squelch the furor of a growing—and very vocal—body of skeptics.
I myself pleaded with folks beforehand to be open-hearted to all women's stories. The heritage of discrimination against dark-skinned sisters is long and the privilege afforded those who are lighter is too well-documented to be arguable. The discussion could easily turn into the colorism oppression Olympics. Who's carrying more hurt? Who's got more right to feel that way? Still I'm adamant that, in this like other things, we should authentically hear each other, not just listen in order to bark back a response.
But there was just too much content from too many interviews with too many people, some of them with nothing really valuable to contribute to the conversation sans the fact that they are representatively light-skinned. (See also: Raven who, by their own admission, doesn't subscribe to labels. So if you can't be “Black,” riddle me how you can be “light-skinned?”)
Rather than letting them unfold naturally, the testimonies inside Light Girls' storytelling trajectory were rushed, crammed into a fleeting series of tragedies and traumas attributed to colorism. I take nothing from the horrors these women have experienced. My heart goes out to them, particularly those who have been violently attacked. Aligning a rape story to a colorism context is problematic, though. That's an across-womanhood issue. That's a public safety issue. That's a criminal prosecution and victim's rights issue. But it's not a colorism issue.
This too was noticeable: joke-cracking in Dark Girls was minimal, but the abundant presence of comedians being interviewed made it clear that it's very OK to make a punchline at the expense of light skin, even in the sanctity of a serious conversation where women are baring their pain and shedding real tears because of experiences inside of it. Up popped Talent, real random-like, talking about a date who wouldn't get them popcorn at the movies because they were light-skinned and didn't have to be servile like they expected a dark-skinned woman to be. Then there was the big-wigged lady who chortled and chuckled their way through a memory about a dark-skinned, short-haired girl beating them up because they had just been that light-skinned and pretty. Ma'am.
Stereotypes were only sufficiently filled when guys got a chance to weigh in, so to round out the conversation, the film introduced a gaggle of man fools who exemplified the standard-issue mentality behind complexion biases. They call them preferences, though. Perhaps everything insightful was left on the cutting room floor. A moment of thanks for the duo of Kappas who represented the voice of not dumb.
All this said, I appreciate the effort to talk openly about colorism on a main stage. Part of the contributing pathology is its quiet absorption into our culture, the perpetuation of it even in offhanded, unintentional comments. The issue is out there now, on OWN of all places. That makes it really, really out there. Although the _____ Girls franchise may be running its course, the topic itself is far from exhausted, particularly as it's a global, cross-cultural issue, which was pointed out during the course of both documentaries.
I spent half my time wondering what was missing as I was watching Light Girls and I think it was because it didn't feel like it was coming from a healing or solution-finding place. It could've been good—if it helped us better understand what we can do to actually remedy colorism. Fingers crossed for the next time around.
Writer Janelle Harris pens pieces on gender and race, and occasionally roller skates down the streets of Washington, DC. They frequent Twitter and lives on Facebook.
Saturday, November 13, 2010
The term Pistolero was used in the days of the American Old West to describe a formidable gun-fighting man. Pistolero implied someone able to take care of himself, bringing forth in others an emotional melange of awe, fear and respect. Pistolero connoted someone living outside the law, somewhat wild and unorthodox.
And so in the exercise world, where orthodox philosophy holds the squat as king of strength and muscle-building movements--and for good reason! The squat and (arguably) the deadlift are two of the greatest anabolic, mass-gaining exercises ever, blah, blah, blah...BUT... if the squat is king of all bodybuilding exercises, the pistol is emperor of athletic assistance movements.
Why do I assert this? Because while the squat will produce massive gains in muscular size and weight, not everyone wishes to increase these parameters. In other writings, I've talked about how as a kid, in my teen years, back in my high school wrestling days, I went from 154 lbs. to 205 lbs. on the old 20-rep heavy breathing squat routine. I've also have used at various times,heavy weight/low rep barbell squats; heavy kettlebell front squats, Bulgarian split squats, hack squats, sissy squats, Hindu squats, deck squats and various and sundry lunges, with and without loads. All of these heavy leg and hip exercises can produce worthwhile results but, in my opinion,noneof them come close to the free-standing pistol.
So what is it about the pistol that, in my opinion, elevates it above these other moves? Let me first state that pistols arenotfor everyone. If you are skinny, with weak underpinnings--if your upper body has sued the lower body for support--then you should stick with the tried and true, the classic barbell squat and heavy kettlebell front squats. But for me, the pistol has vast appeal for the following reasons.
I'm no longer interested in gaining weight or increasing body tissue, including muscular mass, especially in the lower body. My legs are prone to growing disproportionately in relation to the upper body and don't need the stimulation. Heavy barbell squats tend to build out the adductor muscles, creating large and chafing thighs.
Barbell squats also, by their very nature, create tremendous tension and tightness in the hips, causing inflexibility and immobility in the hips. It can't be helped, since to lift big weights, you must create tension; tension is strength, but this tension doesn't serve everyone well. I can't tell you how many times former power lifters have come to me to learn jiu jitsu and submission wrestling and, after discovering how horribly tight and immobile they are, they all say the same thing: I wish I would never have lifted and done yoga instead. Every single time, the barbell beasts are shocked to discover how useless their strength is when it's housed in a tight, immobile body. They'd get tooled by guys half their weight. You can imagine how discouraged they'd feel. Again: it's not about how strong you are, it's how well you can move with that strength.
Barbell squats create tremendous shearing force on the spine. There is also a lot of pressure on the neck and vertebral column.
For people with inflexible ankles who have difficulty properly tracking the knees, heavy barbell squats can wreck the knees. In all fairness, this is true of any squat exercise, including pistols, the stakes are simply higher with barbell squats because of the huge weights involved.
Read this closely: I am NOT maligning barbell squats. I would put a skinny, undeveloped kid on them tomorrow--ask certain of my clients! But even the king has their shortcomings, just ask the wives of Henry Vlll!
So, who are pistols for?
1. Athletes who want increased leg strength--without accompanying over-development of adductor muscles.
2. People with imbalances of right and left sides--and there are many of them out there.
3. People desiring to increase their athleticism and mobility. For example, in the barbell squat, virtually no one can go into a deep, full squat safely. In my experience, full ROM is impossible for 95% of people out there. This is why it's commonly stressed to go only to the parallel position. But in many sports, the bottom position of the squat--the first inch or two--where the ass is literally almost to the floor, is the crucial range of motion requiring strength. And I don't know any other exercise--other than the pistol--that gets at the hips and thighs in that very position. As a Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner, I find myself needing that full-range hip strength practically on a daily basis. Rock climbers are another group of athletes that come to mind, as they reach up high with the leg to secure a toehold.
I once had a martial arts instructor say to me, “just how strong exactly do your legs need to be?” This was in reference to my kicks being rather weak and ineffectual because of my stubborn adherence (at the time) to heavy squats. What those squats gave me in strength was compensated in a lack of speed, mobility and power. Granted, these qualities could be developed through the practice of those skills themselves, but they were still right: there is a point where increased muscle mass and/or absolute strength ceases to provide improvement and instead you get diminishing returns.
For most athletes, I've found there is tremendous benefit to working single leg movements and emphasizing them in training. It's been my experience that many people favor one leg over the other and bilateral (single limb) training prevents hip girdle, lower back and lower body imbalances. If a right-left imbalance exists, legs in particular can raise havoc in the entire structure. To help you avoid such an unfortunate event, I'll to take you through a step-by-step process to develop the pistol below. I have seen many people, even with a huge barbell squat and enormous leg development, unable to perform a single pistol. Because of the athleticism and dependence on mobility and base, many people simply don't have what it takes to do a free-standing pistol. I'd also like to point out that free-standing body weight pistols require a much higher level of mobility and skill than holding a weight, which provides a counter-balance to the movement.
Development #1
Working the Feet and Calves
Most people are too inflexible in the ankles, feet and calves. These are some of the most neglected areas of the body. The ankles, feet and calves play a significant role in maintaining the balance and stability needed in executing the pistol squat. Demonstrated below are two fabulous stretches for the feet and ankles.
A good auxiliary exercise is the standing, single-leg calf raise--with or without added load. Also tibial dorsiflexion, which is specific for the lower leg.
Development #2
Close stance squatting
The next step in becoming a bona fidePistolerois mastering close-stance, full ROM squats. Some people refer to these as Chinese squats. The wily Chinee know a thing or two about productive exercise! The yogis also use this as a preparation movement for the garland pose.
The close-stance squat is effective in itself as a hip-mobilizer. It's surprising how many otherwise seemingly athletic people are unable to do it without falling backwards.
Stand with a yoga block between the knees
Feet straight ahead and parallel like railroad tracks; you may hold the arms out front for balance
Pull yourself down to the floor, using the arms held out to counter-balance
If you can't do a full squat without falling over, your hip immobility is significantly compromised
A primary cause of limited hip mobility is excessive fat storage in region of your gut. In fact, almostallimmobility and inflexibility can be blamed on body fatness. The reason for this is that the physical existence of the fat cells interfere with the joint's range of movement. Like a tumor, the fat pocket displaces body tissues and disrupts functionally, literally getting in the way.
The fact is this: decreasing body fat will instantly improve all parameters of movement. So, knowing this, do what you have to do, and when you can perform several sets of squats--of 20 reps each--you will be ready to begin the next drill, a one-legged balance.
Development #3
Single leg balance
1. Slowly lower yourself down into the Chinese squat as described above
2. At the bottom, shift the weight to one leg and slowly slide out the other leg, then straighten it--you may keep the heel of the extending leg in contact with the floor for balance
3. Maintain this position, balancing for 10-15 seconds
4. Switch back--again slowly--and do the other leg
5. Rest
6. Repeat until the total of static balancing time on each leg equals one minute.
Once you've achieved the single-leg balance (Marichyasana) on the floor, the next milestone is lifting the leg up from the floor, then holding it statically in space. Preparation for this feat includes a seated hamstring stretch. I strongly recommend the yoga posture called “head-to-knee pose” or janu shirshasana.
When you can successfully squat on one leg while holding the other leg in space for 30-seconds, you are ready to proceed with the full-range pistol squat. At this point, the biggest obstacle for most people attempting the pistol is the bottom third range; it's never the top range, so I've effectively reverse-engineered the pistol to overcome the most difficult stage first. It is this bottom-range stage which induces the greatest fear in trainees and thus, once mastered, likewise builds tremendous confidence. Most everyone approaches the pistol from the top position, which I see as a mistake because people will lower their bodies only so far, stopping short from fear of injury, or simply falling over backwards, also due to fear. By working first from the bottom, you'll build the most important range of the pistol and by holding a timed static contraction at the bottom, you'll build the requisite strength.
To clarify the above, in the bottom part of the pistol, you're not simply holding, or even balancing, but isometrically pushing as hard as possible. This is a form of embedded static contraction training used in gymnastics. You may only be able to hold this position for as few as 5-6 seconds--but that's OK. Take a 30-second break. Conveniently, by alternating from one leg to the other, you create a built-in break. Continue practicing this move until the static holding time on each leg accrues to one minute.
The next progression is starting at the top position of the pistol and using the hands for light assistance, with the aid of a nearby pole, Jungle Gym strap, door knob or cable machine to aid balance as you perform the movement.
1. From the top position, lower yourself down slowly, incrementally pausing and stopping your descent in stages for a brutal descent of 30-seconds, until you arrive at the bottom position, where you contract--hard--and maintain this contraction for 10-seconds.
2. Sliding the extended leg back into the Chinese squat position, now stand up on both legs
3. Repeat the above 3-5 times per leg, alternating legs each rep. Each rep should take 30-seconds.
If you aren't strong enough to lower yourself over 30-seconds, it's OK. Keep working toward the full 30-second descent, you will get stronger. Just be sure to always lower yourself into the final bottom position.
Continue assisting yourself with the hands--ideally just the index fingers--just enough to maintain the balance needed to perform the movement. You may at first feel weak, but you will rapidly gain strength--on this you have my word. This Maxwell method of achieving the pistol squat is frankly superior to sitting clients on a chair or bench and having them rise up again. This chair method develops a false sense of confidence, merely strengthening the top of the movement, which is already the strongest range.
Development #4
Pistolero!
By the time you can complete a 30-second negative, with pauses, you should find yourself already able to perform free-standing pistols. If not, continue practicing the negatives but from the bottom use the hands to slightly aid you in hoisting yourself back up. This is called an assisted pistol.
The pistol squat is a tremendous athletic movement requiring a holistic balance between strength, mobility and flexibility. It is fantastic for athletes looking to maximize leg strength with minimal bulk, though you could attain hypertrophy, if desired, via higher reps. Because it is a body weight exercise, it is a perfect measure of lower-body strength-to-weight ratio, which means the pistol movement is greatly affected by body composition. Like pull-ups, chin-ups, dips and one-arm push-ups, you are greatly rewarded with increased efficiency when excess body fat is trimmed, and conversely greatly penalized by body fat gains. I consider the pistol the sina qua non of lower body exercises, arguably the only lower body movement you'll ever need.
Postscript: BTW don't think the Russians invented the pistol. As I sit here I'm looking at a book of yoga postures and it's listed within as a variation on the pose Marichyasana.
In Strength & Health!
Steve
Of Interest:
BJJWorkouts.com Interviews
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
The inimitable SMSC canvas patch is here--wear it with pride!
email for details (model: Scott Burr)
Upcoming Events
Saturday 20 November 2010
1-day Body Weight & KB Seminar
Hillsboro OR
Saturday & Sunday 19/20 February 2011
2-day Level 1 KB Certification
Hillsboro OR
Saturday 19 March 2011
1-Day Seminar w/ Mike Mahler
Body Weight, Kettlebells, Joint Mobility & Hormones
Las Vegas NV
11-21 June 2011
Blowing the Roof Off Iceland Tour
Reykjavik Iceland
Laura Reynolds
12 Secrets Of Big Ben
It's probably London's most iconic feature, but how much do you really know about Big Ben? Read on for some trivia which may surprise you.
First things first
People often refer to Big Ben when they're talking about the clock tower attached to the Palace of Westminster.
Big Ben is the name of the largest bell, and even that's a nickname and not an official one. The tower is named the Elizabeth Tower (formerly the Clock Tower), a name it was officially given in 2012 to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's diamond jubilee. If you're calling it St Stephen's Tower, you're well over a century behind the times.
The clock is simply known as the Great Clock.
More on that particular brand of pedantry here, but for the remainder of this article, we'll be using 'Big Ben' to refer to the whole package. Now we've got that out of the way, we'll move on...
Who is Big Ben named after?
There are several theories as to who the eponymous sizeable Benjamin could have been, but none were documented well enough to be proven right.
One idea is that it was named after MP Benjamin Hall, rumoured to have been a fairly round chap, and responsible for overseeing the latter stages of the rebuilding of the Houses of Parliament, including the installation of the bell.
Heavyweight boxer Benjamin Caunt is another contender. Watching them fight was a common pastime among MPs of the day, and they retired two years before the bell was installed.
That's the Elizabeth Tower to you. Photo: Pikakoko
The numbers
The Elizabeth Tower has 334 steps over 11 floors up to the belfry (or 399 to the lantern).
Each clock face has a 7m diameter. The minute hand on each clock face is 4.2 metres long, and the hour hand is 2.7 meters long.
The main bell weighs 13.7 tonnes and is 2.7m in diameter. The four quarter bells are smaller, with different dimensions to enable them to hit different notes.
You can go inside
...but not for a while. Tours are suspended until 2020 while refurbishment work takes place. When they resume, assuming the long-standing system still operates, you'll need to contact your MP's office to sort it out for you. More info here.
There's a prison inside
A third of the way (or 114 steps) up inside the tower is the Prison Room, where MPs in breach of codes of conduct were imprisoned.
It was last used in 1880 when newly elected MP Charles Bradlaugh, an atheist, refused to swear allegiance to Queen Victoria on the bible. They were kept in the prison room overnight. There's even a pub named after them in Northampton.
There's a crack in the bell
Just two months after the bell first went into service in 1859, it was cracked. The hammer that was installed with it was roughly twice the size it should have been for a bell of that size. The damage was done — and the bell remains flawed to this day. A lighter hammer was fitted, and the bell was rotated slightly so that the hammer no longer hits the cracked section.
That bell wasn't even the original bell
The bell was famously cast at Whitechapel Bell Foundry — but that's not the whole story.
Originally, the contract to create the bell went to a company called Warners of Norton in Stockton-on-Tees. A 16.5 tonne bell was created and delivered to London before the clock tower was ready. For several months, the bell was tested outside the tower. It was working fine until the man who designed it, Edmund Beckett Denison, decided they wanted it louder so added a much larger hammer. Three weeks later the bell broke.
That bell was sent to Whitechapel Bell Foundry in pieces and melted down to create the new 13.5 tonne bell. Once this one was complete, it took 32 hours to winch it up the tower on its side.
Pennies for accuracy
When it was made, the clock was the most accurate in the world. It's kept accurate by some copper (pre-decimal) penny weights on the clock mechanism. Removing or adding a penny changes the clock's accuracy by two fifths of a second per day.
Three of the coins were replaced for the London 2012 Olympics.
It has its own Twitter account
@big_ben_clock tweets the relevant number of bongs on the hour, every hour. That's it. No replies. No retweets. Admittedly, it gets old pretty quickly — once you've seen 12 bongs, you've seen them all — yet the account still has an impressive 485,000 followers, despite following no-one.
BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG — Big Ben (@big_ben_clock) August 4, 2016
See which other inanimate London objects have their own Twitter accounts.
Keeper of the Great Clock
A contender for best job title in London is Keeper of the Great Clock, a position currently held by Steve Jaggs (although if it were us, we'd prefer the title Big Ben's Boss).
As well as ensuring the clock is maintained, and overseeing the changing of the time twice a year, they also superintend a team of clockmakers, responsible for all the clocks in the Palace of Westminster.
When the bell has stopped:
In April 2013, the bell was stopped for the funeral of former prime minister Margaret Thatcher. Here are some of the other times that the chimes have been silenced.
The clock also stopped for 21 hours in 1941, when a worker who was carrying out repairs after a bombing raid dropped their hammer among the inner workings of the clock, forcing the clock to stop until the hammer was retrieved.
In 1949, a flock of starlings took up residence on the minute hand, slowing the movement and setting the time on the clock back by about five minutes.
Racing the BBC
You can hear the chimes of the bell on the radio before you hear it in real life, as we proved:
See also: our 2006 tour of the Clock Tower (as it was then called).
The U.S. Air Force is testing a slew of new technologies on its prized B-2 multi-role bomber.
B-2 Spirit pilots are putting the aircraft's Defensive Management System through a battery of tests designed to protect them from modern air defenses. Developers say the upgrades are part of “the most extensive modification effort that the B-2 has attempted.”
Air Force Spokesman Capt. Michael Hertzog spoke with Scout Warrior about the Pentagon's plans Monday.
“This system picks up where mission planning ends by integrating a suite of antennas, receivers, and displays that provide real-time situational awareness to aircrew,” the officer said in a written statement. “The DMS-Modernization program addresses shortcomings within the current DMS system.”
In short, DMS-M units will more efficiently provide U.S. pilots with information needed to identify and evade ground-based anti-aircraft weapons when every second counts.
“With necessary upgrades, the B-2 can perform its mission regardless of location, return to base safely, and permit freedom of movement for follow-on forces, including other long range strike platforms,” the officer added. “Modifications such as the DMS-M are necessary to preserve this strategic advantage against 21st century threats.”
Scout Warrior said the DMS-M would likely benefit pilots faced with modern Russian technology such as the S-300 and S-400 air-defense systems.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Following the debut of the original 4-cylinder Austin-Healey 100 in 1952, and the subsequent change to the 6-cylinder 100-6 in 1956, the British Motor Corporation in 1959 launched the car that would become the defining model of the range: the 3000. As it had a 3-liter engine that could produce 124 horsepower, it was the most powerful “Big Healey” yet, and BMC undertook an ambitious competition program to demonstrate its prowess in circuit racing and in the grueling European road rallies.
It is this very model, the two-seat 3000 Mk I, that fired the imagination of sports car enthusiasts around the world with victories in the most punishing events of the time. This is the model that Pat Moss, sister of Sir Stirling Moss, drove to an astounding 1st-place overall victory in the brutal and legendary 1960 Liège-Rome-Liège Rally. It is also the model in which they won the Coupe des Dames at the Geneva Rally in 1960 and the Ladies Cup at the Tulip Rally the following year.
Likewise, the Morley brothers, Don and Earle, scored an outright victory in the 1960 Alpine Rally in a two-seat 3000. Another factory team car finished 2nd in class in the 1960 12 Hours of Sebring, where it was bested only by a Ferrari 250 GT California.
This model is prized by collectors for its no-compromise two-seat design, as it doesn't have the family-car pretenses of the concurrent four-seat model. It is also cherished for its rareness, as only 2,825 of the 13,650 total 3000 Mk I production, just 20%, were two-seat models. With production of the Mark I'm beginning in March 1959, this car, with a May 25–26, 1959, build date, is among the earliest examples of the model, further adding to its allure and collectibility.
When it was originally dispatched to Chicago on June 4, 1959, it was equipped with all of the options available, which included the Laycock de Normanville overdrive. The overdrive, engaged by a toggle switch on the fascia, operates on third and fourth gears to produce a total of six gear ratios, which makes long-distance cruising comfortable and leisurely.
This car was also equipped with wire wheels and road-speed tires, a laminated windshield, a heater, and an adjustable steering column, adding to the overall style and driving comfort of an already capable machine. These original manufacturing details, verified by the Heritage Certificate, provided the blueprint for the current restoration and are included in the car today. This car is equally at home on mountain and country roads, as the Mark I's 162 foot-pounds of torque gives it brisk performance anywhere, while also still covering over 20 mpg.
This example has traveled only approximately 500 miles since the completion of a professional ground-up, frame-off, bare-metal restoration. Photographs during and after the restoration process, as well as the original steering wheel, are also included. The quality restoration work shows a devotion to absolute authenticity, as NOS parts were applied, when available, and only the finest materials, paint, and bodywork were used. All rubber parts are new, as is the wiring harness, leather interior, top, carpets, chrome, side curtains with storage bag, and lead/bronze wheel hammer. Since the restoration, it has been properly maintained and inspected, and it is in immaculate condition.
The sale of this rare car, which has been finished in what many consider to be the quintessential Big Healey color scheme of Healey Blue and Ivory, has benefited from a complete and correct restoration. It offers an outstanding opportunity to own a classic, defining example of the marque, and it is one that is in superb condition.
Federal agents and New York City authorities raided about 80 locations throughout the city Wednesday and arrested six people in what officials are calling the largest crackdown on the importation, distribution and sale of synthetic cannabinoids, commonly known as synthetic marijuana, in New York City history. Chief Investigative Reporter Jonathan Dienst reports. (Published Wednesday, Sept. 16, 2015)
Federal agents and New York City authorities raided about 80 locations throughout the city Wednesday and arrested six people in what officials are calling the largest crackdown on the importation, distribution and sale of synthetic cannabinoids, commonly known as synthetic marijuana, in New York City history, law enforcement officials said.
A total of 10 people were named in a federal indictment on charges of participating in a scheme to illegally import at least 100 kilograms of illegal synthetic compounds into the U.S., enough to produce 260,000 retail packets, officials said. The seizure had a street value of about $30 million.
Of the 10 suspects, four are still being sought, officials say.
Several of the defendants are accused of importing illegal synthetic compounds in powdered form from China using commercial delivery services and transporting them to a processing facility in the Bronx where other defendants mixed the compounds with chemical solvents and then sprayed the mixture onto tea leaves, the indictment says.
I-Team: Designer Drug K2 Growing in Popularity
K2 is dangerous designer drug that's becoming more widespread. The I-Team's Sarah Wallace has more on why the drug is growing in popularity. (Published Wednesday, Sept. 16, 2015)
Co-conspirators then bundled the dried tea leaves into retail packets, labeled them and transported them to warehouses controlled by wholesale distributors, the indictment alleges.
Officials say the retail packets, which contained about 3 to 6 grams of synthetic marijuana, were sold to individual customers for $5 per packet. Packets were sold under names such as “AK-47, “Blue Caution,” “Green Giant,” “Geeked Up,” “Psycho” and other brands.
The investigation and raids were conducted by the DEA, the NYPD, Homeland Security Investigations and the NYC Sheriff's office.
Those arrested Tuesday appeared in federal court in Manhattan later Wednesday. All are charged with conspiracy to distribute narcotics and face up to 20 years in prison if convicted.
Prosecutors asked for a high bail amount for the defendants because of the money involved in the operation -- $30 million worth of products have been seized so far.
Two of the defendants were released on $200,000 bond; three others were released on $500,000 bond. One other suspect, Murad Kassim, remains detained on $1 million bond because they were a flight risk, the judge said. Kassim is also believed to have access to to a significant portion of the money in the scheme.
All defendants have been ordered to surrender travel documents and were given travel restrictions within the southern and eastern districts of New York.
Officials say synthetic marijuana is popular among teenagers and young adults because it is inexpensive and sold at legitimate retail locations.
The U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy has reported the effects of synthetic marijuana use include anxiety, nausea, vomiting, rapid heart rate, tremors, seizures and suicidal thoughts.
Authorities said potency can vary from batch to batch so no one knows the precise effects. Synthetic marijuana is not detected by drug tests, so some users see it as a way to use without the risk of testing positive, according to officials.
“Despite sometimes being calls synthetic marijuana, this stuff is not marijuana. It can cause unpredictably severe and even lethal effects," Preet Bharara, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, said at a news briefing. "It is not natural and it is not harmless in any sense of the word. In fact, some experts believe that spice can be up to 100 times more potent than pot.”
“What is being sold every day in bodegas and convenience stores throughout the city to teenagers, to homeless people, to addicts is literally poison," Bharara added. "Toxic chemicals that bind to receptors in the central nervous system to frightening and sometimes even deadline effect.”
At the news briefing, officials said phone calls to U.S. poison centers for synthetic marijuana in the first four months of this year increased 225 percent compared with the same time period last year. In New York state, use of synthetic pot resulted in 2,300 emergency room visits in a one-month period this year, a ten-fold increase compared with the same time period last year.
"This is a scourge on our society, affecting the most disadvantaged neighborhoods and our most challenged citizens. It affects teenagers in public housing, homeless in the city shelter system, and it's quite literally flooding our streets," Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said in a statement. "This is marketed as synthetic marijuana, some call it K2. It is sold by the names of Galaxy, Diamond, Rush, and Matrix. But its real name is poison.”
Ontario's NDP leader Andrea Horwath says the overcrowding at London's hospitals is growing after new numbers released Monday revealed a spike in bed occupancy rates.
Between May 1 and Sept. 22 this year, London Health Sciences Centre has seen mental health bed occupancy rates of over 130 per cent every day, said Horwath, who released data obtained through freedom of information request.
On Aug. 22, the occupancy rate reached 165 per cent — well over safety standards of about 85 per cent.
"It's unacceptable," said Horwath.
There were longer ER wait times throughout the four-month period, with a daily average of 18 to 45 people who waited for a bed at the LHSC.
"It's shameful, no human being should have to deal with that and on top of it there's no privacy, there's no dignity, everybody around knows what it is that you're in a hospital for if you're stuck in an ER or hallway."
Horwath said medicine and surgical bed occupancy rates were frequently over capacity during the same period of time, with dozens of patients waiting for a bed.
In August there was a day when the occupancy rate reached 165 per cent at LHSC, well over the 85 per cent standard. (Dave Chidley)
More investment
Last month, the province committed to providing an additional 48 hospital beds at the LHSC — with 24 beds for acute care and 24 for mental health care.
"We're glad that announcement has been made but it's far from enough to undo the damage done," said Horwath. "It's a crisis situation."
They said there must be a commitment to funding hospitals to cover inflation, population growth and unique needs such as an aging demographic.
They were joined by Peggy Sattler and Teresa Armstrong, MPPs in the region, Monday in London to discuss the impact of hospital overcrowding on London families.
Premier Kathleen Wynne and deputy premier Deb Matthews were not immediately available for comment.
by
As Detroit, Michigan grapples with bankruptcy, requiring at least $1 billion in aid, it is probably not alone. “More U.S. cities could be heading towards bankruptcy”, said Richard Ravitch, a former Lieutenant-Governor of New York, who was instrumental in helping New York City navigate through its financial woes in the 1970s.
So with Detroit, once the world leader in automobile manufacturing, now on its deathbed, and other major U.S. cities selling off their buildings to pay current expenses, it may be informative to look at how the Federal government is spending U.S tax dollars.
Half a planet away is the glittering city of Tel Aviv. One wonders why that city can be so successful, while U.S. cities are dying. Could it be the $9 million dollars the U.S. gives to Israel, every single day of the year, more in foreign aid than the United States give to all other countries combined?
One might reasonably ask what Detroit could do with $9 million dollars a day. That city is trying to cobble together $1 billion to stay afloat this year; Israel is getting more three times that much from U.S. taxpayers, every year.
‘But', the august, so-called representatives of the U.S. citizenry will proclaim, ‘Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East, a major ally of the U.S., and therefore must be supported'. Really? One wonders why this ally not only refuses to cooperate with the U.S.'s hapless and insincere efforts to broker a peace agreement between Israel and Palestine, but actually spits in the face of the U.S., as it accepts $9 million a day. When the joke of peace talks is announced, with the U.S. saying neither side should do anything to jeopardize them, Israel announces more illegal settlements. When the United Nations proposes condemning increased settlement-building, which the U.S. has stated it believes to be in violation of international law, Israel knows it can rely on the U.S. to veto any such resolution. When the U.S. hypocritically decries the human rights abuses so prevalent around the world, Israel knows that it is exempt from any such condemnation, if it only brutally abuses Palestinians.
Sadly, this is not a new phenomenon. Looking at one incident from the administration of President Ronald Reagan indicates Israel's sure knowledge that it can do as it pleases, with no repercussions from the U.S.
In 1988, Mr. Reagan's Secretary of State, George Shultz, crafted a plan that they hoped would resolve some ongoing, underlying issues between Palestine and Israel. Their three point plan was as follows:
1) The convening of an international conference; 2) A six-month negotiating period that would bring about an interim phase for Palestinian self-determination for the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and 3) A date of December, 1988 for the start of talks between Israel and Palestine for the final resolution of the conflict.
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir immediately rejected this plan, claiming, incredibly, that it did nothing to forward the cause of peace. In response, the U.S. issued a new memorandum, emphasizing economic and security agreements with Israel, and accelerating the delivery of seventy-five F-16 fighter jets. This, ostensibly, was to encourage Israel to accept the peace plan proposals. Yet Israel did not yield. An Israeli journalist commented that the message received was: “One may say no to America and still get a bonus.” And thus it has been for generations.
The reason for this is hardly a mystery. The Israeli lobby, the American Israel Political Affairs Committee (AIPAC), funnels millions of dollars into the election and re-election campaigns of candidates and elected officials who are willing to jump as high as AIPAC demands. And it seems there is no height to which these worthies will not jump for the almighty dollar. In return, they send a fortune to Israel every year, defend its horrific human rights abuses, and ignore international laws, laws the U.S. has signed on to. And when Palestinians are occasionally able to gather supplies sufficient to send an ineffective rocket into Israel, the U.S. condones and finances the carpet-bombing of the beleaguered Gaza Strip.
Never mind that much of Detroit looks like it has annoyed Israel, and been victim of its bombs. Ignore the spiraling, out-of-control crime rate, the poverty, poor educational standards, failing infrastructure and despair that are so much a part of that once great city. Rather, fawn over Israel, send it vast amounts of money that could be going to assist the taxpayers who provide it, and accept those checks into campaign coffers from grateful Zionists.
The Palestinians have just sworn in a new unity government (why the media insists on saying that Hamas ‘seized control' of the Gaza Strip in 2006, when it was democratically elected, is a mystery to this writer), and Israel is in panic mode. There now exists the possibility that Palestine will petition the International Criminal Court for redress from Israel's many horrific crimes. Israel, with complete U.S. support, has successfully resisted every effort by the international community to investigate allegations of human rights abuses. The time may be approaching when it can hide no longer.
And what of that? As Israel becomes increasingly isolated in the world community, due at least partly to the success of the ‘Boycott, Divest and Sanction' (BDS) campaign, including commercial, academic and entertainment boycotts, will not the U.S. always be there to come to the financial rescue? As more and more U.S. cities decay, as the educational level of U.S. schools falls further and further behind other industrialized nations, leaving a citizenry ill-prepared to work in the global economy, as the number of those living in poverty grows, what is all that, when AIPAC pulls the puppets' strings?
A generation ago, when the U.S. first began moon exploration, with the goal of landing a person on the moon, some critics said that the vast amounts of money that that would cost could be better used on this planet. Today, as the U.S. bows and scrapes at the unholy altar of AIPAC, mightn't the same argument be used? When U.S. citizens are in deep poverty, living in unsafe, decaying cities, is it a stretch of the imagination to think that U.S. tax dollars should go first to assisting them?
There remain, in isolated pockets of the U.S., people who believe that the United States is a democracy, with voters electing people to represent them, who will act in their best interests. When the tax burden falls mainly on the dwindling middle class, and the taxes they pay go not to assist the communities in which they live, but to support and uphold a barbaric apartheid regime, the time for the putting to bed of that myth has long since passed.
Detroit and countless other U.S. cities will continue to struggle to survive, as tax revenues are sent to a nation that holds the U.S. in complete contempt. But politicians will continue to have unlimited funds for their election campaigns, so business will remain as usual.
Robert Fantina's latest book is Empire, Racism and Genocide: a History of US Foreign Policy (Red Pill Press).
The Fourcast talked to Holland Roden, Dylan O'Brien and Crystal Reed of the Teen Wolf Cast, getting this list of exclusive spoilers and insider info:
– Dylan O'Brien is the best kisser of the bunch (Holland Roden)
– DOB actually hates Lacrosse (HR)
– Very little fighting this season, focusing on the extreme psychological (HR)
– There's a push and pull between what is real and not real (HR)
– Lydia ends up in a lot of weird places, few that any teenager would experience (HR)
– Mental and Physical Places warp, in a very John Malcovich way (HR)
– Stiles has an incredibly interesting “arc” this season. There will be expansion on the tether, and on the detective work seen in 3A, with Stiles' brain a bit out of sorts, with Lydia helping with the research and logic. (Dylan O'Brien)
– The weird places Lydia ends up has things to do with Stiles (HR)
– The Twins will be at war with the pack and themselves, trying to work their way back into the pack and learn to be real friends (HR)
– Aidan isn't the nicest guy, while Ethan contemplates abandoning their brother, because he's hurting their chance at succeeding, while they stay with Danny. (HR)
– The twins will have some “amazing” development this season (HR)
– Aidan isn't a good guy, paralleling them and Jackson. (HR)
– Lydia has a type- bad boys, as much as they try to break it. In the end of the season though, there will definately be a change in that. (HR)
– While Stiles won't be as much in Detective mode, Lydia will take over as resident “Watson” (HR)
– Aidan will try to be there but…. 😉 (HR)
– Stiles is a rollercoaster this season, with Lydia along for the ride (DOB)
– Colton Haynes nor Adelaide Kane will be returning (HR)
– Favorite scene to shoot ever
Break up with the key and Jackson. They were so hurt by it. I feel like it really real. Some girls who are so confident in some areas of their life, for some reason they'll have this block where they'll choose someone who is toxic to them, and they genuinely love them. It's a complex that, not all younger girls-thank god, but I know I made it as a younger girl. And I am still making them to some degree. You have to kiss the toads to find the prince! (HR)
We have met the prince. (HR)
– Lydia is extremely integral in Stiles' arc this season (HR)
– Season Centric: (HR)
Season 1- Scott
Season 2- Allison
Season 3- Stiles
Season 4- Lydia
– No, they are not adopted, nor is their banshee traits genetic. (HR)
– Them mother might be a banshee (HR)
– Jeff Davis released that there will be another banshee this season.
– There will be more focus on the Martin Family in S4, which is 12 episodes (HR)
– What the tether is “Like it you tied a rope between two people and one tried to step forward, the other would trip and fall towards their partner” (DOB)
– Suicide is a recurring theme this season (HR)
– Resolution between Peter and Lydia in a comedic Love/hate relationship. “Oh I've got to deal with them again” Nothing romantic. Who they seek out at the beginning of 3B. (HR)
– Derek has it rough this season, but with one break (HR)
– There's a lot of ‘deep' Sterek scenes (DOB)
– With the new Japanese mythology, there are a lot of individual strings but in the end they all come together in the end (HR)
– The triangle going on between Scott/Allison/Isaac will come to a conclusion, with big scenes (Crystal Reed)
– Stiles and Aidan are going to have it out over Lydia. There is something unexpected. They set it up in 3B, but they don't fully answer it. (HR)
– Jeff has written a natural progression to Stydia. (HR)
– The description of their relationship- “Don't bother me, but I want you to bother me.” (HR)
– There's a real relationship forming. 3A set the base, 3B definitely friends. (HR)
– The ultimate ship on TW you'll be pleased. They're (the writer) going to mess with you but in the end, you'll be pleased. Like in FRIENDS, you just have to wait. (HR)
– Family Questions will be answered for the McCalls (HR)
– Beacon Hills history connects made to Stiliniski Family (HR)
– Lydia will be sort of inducted into the Stilinski Family as them and the Sheriff help Stiles (HR)
– Chris Argent will get a longer personal history outside of the Argent family. (CR)
– Lydia fits the least into the new Japanese Mythology, while Stiles will the most. (HR)
– Will Stiles ever get turned? I don't know (teasingly) (DOB)
– Stiles is “questionably human” (DOB)
– There will be more plot holes filled in. (HR)
– Jeff has become ‘Lost-level' mind bending (HR)
– We will learn Stiles' real name this season (DOB)
– You'll appreciate the ending this season. It's not exactly scary, it's just different. (HR)
– Shooting Season 2 was really lonely, because most of my scenes were alone. I would shoot these depressing scenes and then go home and watch a drug show (Breaking Bad.) (HR)
– Main Storyline Characters of Season 3B (most shown)
Scott
Allison
Isaac
Stiles
Derek
Lydia
– Despite the name, we are gaining the respect that our writing deserves in the industry because of the fans. So thank you! (HR)
– I don't know if a TV show has done what we're going to do this season. It's going to get pretty crazy. Something will happen this season that no TV show has even touched, except that the Walking Dead came close to it. Which Teen Wolf is going all out on this. (HR)
See the original article: http://hockadayfourcast.org/?p=7737
– Kate Clement
WASHINGTON — Pearl Brady has a stable job with good benefits and holds two degrees, a bachelor's and a master's. But despite their best efforts, they have no savings, and worries that it will be years before they manage to start putting away money for a house, children and eventually retirement.
“I'm in that extremely nervous category,” said Ms. Brady, 28, a Brooklynite who works for a union. “I know how much money I'm going to be making for the near term. I hope in my 30s and 40s to be able to save, but I have no idea how. It's scary.”
Ms. Brady has plenty of company. A new study from the Urban Institute finds that Ms. Brady and their peers up to roughly age 40 have accrued less wealth than their parents did at the same age, even as the average wealth of Americans has doubled over the last quarter-century.
Because wealth compounds over long periods of time — a dollar saved 10 years ago is worth much more than a dollar saved today — young adults probably face less secure futures for decades down the road, and even shakier retirements.
Jay Cutler just isn't your traditional dude.
They march to the beat of their own drum when it comes to the Bears, and they do the same when it comes to their personal life.
Cutler and their fiance Kristin Cavallari first announced their engagement in April of 2011, but the couple decided to part ways three months later.
After some rekindling, the two decided to get engaged again.
In an interview with E! News, Cavallari explained how their Knight in Shining Armor proposed the second time around.
“It was so silly,” they said. “I was in the airport, leaving Chicago. We had just spent however many days together and we were texting and somehow it came up, like, ‘Oh, shall we get married?' We're like, ‘Yeah, OK.' And then they sent my ring in the mail. So I actually had my ring sitting at home for a couple of weeks before I put it on.”
During a May 10 meeting with Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak, Trump began describing details about an Islamic State terror threat, according to current and former U.S. officials. (The Washington Post)
The Post reports on a stunning development:
President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to current and former U.S. officials, who said that Trump's disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State. The information Trump relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said. The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said that Trump's decision to do so risks cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State. After Trump's meeting, senior White House officials took steps to contain the damage, placing calls to the CIA and National Security Agency.
Trump critic and former State Department official Eliot A. Cohen tells me, “For anyone else, if accidental it would be a firing offense. If deliberate, it would be treason.”
It is not clear whether this was accidental or a deliberate attempt to aid Russia. However, in one fell swoop they have told allies they are untrustworthy, thereby impairing intelligence-sharing that is critical to our national security. They have also dumped a bucket of fuel on the fire with regard to the Russia investigation, suggesting they have some affinity or at the very least blind spot with regard to Russia.
Republicans such as Sens. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) and Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) who continue to play defense for the president will now be put to the test. More responsible members including GOP House and Senate committee members will need to decide if they need to accelerate their investigation into Russia meddling. And certainly, this breaking news adds a further level of intrigue to the unfolding story behind the firing of former FBI director James B. Comey.
Moreover, it is interesting that someone within the administration felt compelled to leak the information, an act sure to infuriate the president. Plainly there are those in the administration who think Trump imperils our security. We should thank these patriots, but also move to investigate and, if need be, remove the man who proves over and over again to be compromised or unfit or both.
Update: Thomas Wright of the Brookings Institution tells me: “This is quite literally the sum of all fears. For the past few months, we have heard that Trump is normalizing. It is nonsense. There are some sensible people around them working around the clock to avert catastrophe but ultimately they are in charge and they will do what they want, no matter how mad.” They add, “We are blind and dancing on the precipice.”
Paul took several shots at Cruz's requent references to Ronald Reagan. | AP Photos Paul calls out Cruz in op-ed
Sen. Rand Paul blasted fellow GOP Sen. Ted Cruz's frequent references to Ronald Reagan on Monday, deepening the rift between the two potential 2016 presidential candidates.
In an op-ed for Breitbart News, Paul (R-Ky.) took several shots at Cruz for espousing a foreign policy framework in the mold of Reagan. They also criticized Cruz's frequent bashing of the GOP for nominating insufficiently conservative presidential candidates like Bob Dole, John McCain and Mitt Romney.
Story Continued Below
“I don't claim to be the next Ronald Reagan nor do I attempt to disparage fellow Republicans as not being sufficiently Reaganesque,” Paul wrote. “I will remind anyone who thinks we will win elections by trashing previous Republican nominees or holding oneself out as some paragon in the mold of Reagan, that splintering the party is not the route to victory.”
Though Paul never names Cruz in the op-ed, their comments are clearly aimed at the Texas Republican, who is prone to opine about Reagan and offer the former president as an example for today's GOP to follow.
( Also on POLITICO: Ted Cruz's CPAC speech)
And at last week's CPAC conference, Cruz said previous GOP presidential candidates were good men but their losing campaigns serve as reminders that “when you don't stand for principle, Democrats celebrate.” Cruz also offered Reagan and Paul's father, Ron, as the two Republicans who have most energized young people.
The debate over how to respond to the crisis in Ukraine has highlighted a split between the two senators who are largely in step on domestic policy. In interviews last week, Paul said they are wary of giving money to Ukraine due to its history of corruption while Cruz said they will wait to see what comes out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
And when speaking more broadly of their world view, Cruz distances themselves from Paul's libertarian foreign policy views. On Sunday, Cruz bluntly said of Paul: “I don't agree with them on foreign policy.”
( PHOTOS: Key quotes from Ted Cruz)
But Paul said Monday that there's actually broad agreement among Republicans with regard to Ukraine: Isolate Russia and hold back military action. Those who say otherwise, Paul said, are using “this time to beat their chest.”
“What we don't need right now is politicians who have never seen war talking tough for the sake of their political careers,” Paul said. “Today's Republicans should concentrate on establishing their own identities and agendas, as opposed to simply latching onto Ronald Reagan's legacy—or worse, misrepresenting it.”
( QUIZ: Do you know Rand Paul?)
Cruz's office declined to comment on Paul's remarks.
After A Decade, Comet-Chasing Spacecraft Nearly There
It's been a long journey, but it's nearly over. On Wednesday, the European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft will finally arrive at the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Humans have sent spacecraft hurtling past comets before, but Rosetta is doing something very different. It's sidling up next to 67P to join the big, dirty ice ball on its journey past the sun.
Enlarge this image toggle caption ESA/Rosetta/NAVCAM ESA/Rosetta/NAVCAM
Matching 67P's velocity and orbit has been tricky. Rosetta took a torturous, decade-long path that led it past earth three times and Mars once, as well as a couple of asteroids. Ahead of its final approach, it came at the comet from behind at about half-a-mile a second, before a series of braking maneuvers earlier this year.
"It was a fantastic achievement just to get this far, I think," says Matt Taylor, the European Space Agency's Rosetta's project scientist.
With its final thruster burn on Wednesday, it will bring itself into perfect step with the comet.
Then the science will begin.
The Israeli military is preparing for a possible ground operation on the Syrian side of the Golan Heights in the event of sustained rocket strikes or coordinated terror attacks against Israel either by Sunni jihadists or Hezbollah operatives.
The number of Islamists flooding into the area close to the border with Israel has the IDF on high alert, Channel 2 reported Sunday, adding that the military held a large-scale drill last week simulating a possible advance into Syria and the evacuation of Israeli civilians from border communities.
According to a Channel 10 report Sunday, the drill included preparation for a scenario in which Islamist forces launch a sophisticated, multi-pronged attack on Israeli troops, similar to attacks against Egyptian security forces in Sinai in recent months.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The IDF is also planning for a possible Hezbollah offensive directed by Iran, with an IDF source saying that hundreds of Hezbollah members are present in the Golan, and that Tehran has been behind several recent attacks against Israel. Israeli officials have routinely raised concerns over the presence of Iranian and Hezbollah fighters using positions in the Syrian Golan, partially held by rebel forces, to attack Israel.
“It's clear that Iran is behind all of the terror attacks here [in the Golan] in the past two years,” the IDF officer said Sunday during a briefing with reporters. “The Iranians are using the border – they establish units – whether it's [Jihad] Mughniyeh, [Samir] Kuntar, and more – to carry out [the attacks].”
The officer said Iran's involvement was evident, for example, during April's attempted attack on Israel when explosive devices were planted on the border fence between Israel and Syria. An IAF aircraft struck the four operatives involved, confirming that three were killed. A video of the operation was released by the military on Sunday.
The IDF believes Kuntar was the mastermind behind that attack, funded and coordinated by Iran, according to Channel 2. Last month, a reported Israeli strike is said to have targeted the notorious terrorist, who spent 29 years in Israeli custody over the brutal slaying of four Israelis in a 1979 terror raid on the northern Israeli town of Nahariya — an attack in which they smashed the head of four-year-old Einat Haran with their rifle butt.
After their release in a 2008 prisoner exchange with Hezbollah, Kuntar was celebrated in Lebanon and Syria. They became the leader of a militia based in Hader and loyal to Assad, and has planned multiple attacks against IDF soldiers on the Golan Heights.
According to Channel 2, Hezbollah has also upped its presence on the Lebanese side of the border with Israel, joining the Lebanese Army on patrols and exercises, despite limitations set on the terror group's movements in south Lebanon after the Second Lebanon War in 2006.
There have been a number of cross-border incidents on the Israel-Syria front over the past few years as the civil war has raged on, including a number of rocket attacks believed to have been carried out by rebel groups or Assad forces.
Israel is also said to be behind a number of air raids against targets on Syrian soil aimed at preventing Hezbollah from acquiring advanced weaponry. The IDF says Iran routinely tries to deliver weapons to Hezbollah via Syria, suggesting that not all shipments are successfully intercepted.
In January, an airstrike largely attributed to Israel on a convoy in the Syrian Golan Heights killed a top Hezbollah commander, along with an Iranian general and 10 others. Hezbollah retaliated with a cross-border attack that killed two IDF soldiers.
Among those killed in the alleged Israeli airstrike were Hezbollah commander Abu Ali Tabatabai, the head of the group's offensive operations; Jihad Mughniyeh, the son of Imad Mughniyeh, a senior Hezbollah commander killed in Damascus in 2008, Mohammed Issa, responsible for the organization's operations in Syria and Iraq, and Iranian general Mohammad Ali Allahdadi.
An Israeli report said the strike had targeted a team setting up a missile base to launch strikes against Israel.
The Big East was once the home to six schools currently making a home in the ACC and one each in the Big Ten and Big 12. Realignment changes rattled the Big East a few years back, causing a split of the basketball schools that took the Big East brand with them and leaving the leftover programs to rebrand under the American Athletic Conference. With the Big 12 having internal discussions about the possibility of expanding back to a 12-member line-up, the AAC is watching with caution and waiting for the Big 12 to make a final decision, for better or worse of the AAC. Commissioner Mike Aresco hopes the expansion situation comes to a close soon enough, but they are not wasting time preparing for the possibility of once again seeing one or more member of their conference leave for another.
“I think if we lose a school would we add one? In all likelihood we probably would,”Aresco explained, according to The Orlando Sentinel. “You don't want to be 11 in football, but on the other hand you could do it. If we lost two, which would probably be the worst-case scenario … we could stay at 10. With the new legislation, we could easily stay at 10, play a championship game, have 5 team divisions and have an eight-game [conference] schedule. We could do that if we wanted to.”
The NCAA recently allowed for conferences to play a conference championship game despite not having the usually required 12 members. The AAC started playing a conference championship game last season after the addition of Navy brought the conference to 12 football-playing members. The new NCAA legislation regarding conference championship games allows a conference to hold a title game with fewer than 12 teams, which was figured to benefit the Big 12. The Big 12, however, has not made a decision on whether or not it will play a conference title game.
“We have 12 good schools that are nationally known and if we lose one or two we'll figure it out,” Aresco said. “It's not going to be an Earth-shattering thing. It's not going to be anything like it was three years ago.”
Aresco was referring to the loss of Louisville to the ACC and Rutgers to the Big Ten. Pittsburgh and Syracuse had already joined the ACC and West Virginia was competing in the Big 12. Since then, multiple AAC schools have been mentioned in various expansion rumors and discussions as possibilities, some more realistic than others. Cincinnati, Connecticut, Memphis, UCF, USF and Houston have all been mentioned at one point or another as potential targets for the Big 12. Once the Big 12 makes its decision final, at least Aresco and the entire AAC will be able to move on with some clearer vision of what comes next.
“I would like to see it settle down,” Aresco said. “There has been instability because of this whole Big 12 thing for the last few years. It's not good for the schools. It's not good for the fan bases. It puts pressure on our administrators and our coaches because they have to get asked this question.”
Follow @KevinOnCFB
Kyle Busch's terse comments and microphone drop after a second-place finish in the Coca-Cola 600 has sparked an ongoing debate about what the limits of passion are.
Busch said Friday he's not always gracious, but said the actions are a reflection of how much they care. In addition, some media columns have also expressed that view this week.
But longtime rival Brad Keselowski strongly refuted that notion on Saturday, saying anger and the hunger to win should not be linked.
“When the media comes out and says that's a reflection of them having the most desire to win, it makes me want to throw up,” Keselowski said. “Not only is that a terrible message to send to anyone who is aspiring to be part of the sport, that's a terrible message to send to anyone in general in this world — that (anger) is a reflection of your desire to win.
“When I look at teams and people in this sport, they all want to be associated with those who have the strongest hunger and desire and passion to be successful. That's natural. And that message (of anger being an outlet for passion) is a terrible message that has serious effects — not just on our sport, but our society. Your desire to win could be expressed in a lot of other ways that are productive.”
Keselowski said the message they would send to their daughter or young people who are fans of theirs is that anger is “not by any of stretch of the imagination a true definition of the most desire, the most passion.”
“You want to show me desire and passion to win?” Keselowski said. “It's what you do when nobody's watching.”
This isn't the first time Keselowski has weighed in on the issue this week.
Not sure how or when “hating losing” got defined in this manner, but I'm pretty sure it's the wrong way… https://t.co/HqEPTGTBDs — Brad Keselowski (@keselowski) May 29, 2017
IDK ????
Maybe I should keep my mouth shut. But I was taught to hate losing by working harder next time, not by being disrespectful to others. — Brad Keselowski (@keselowski) May 29, 2017
Clearly, Keselowski and Busch don't like each other much. But Keselowski's comments seem to be going beyond targeting Busch in particular to make a larger point: They believe excusing such behavior will set a bad precedent for young people — drivers or otherwise — in times of adversity.
Just dandy. (Photo: Johnny Magnusson/Public Domain)
Okay has become one of the more versatile words in the English Language—as used today, it can mean everything from “just fantastic” to “out of bodily danger.” But in its early days, the standby was just a dumb joke.
As Allan Metcalf details in OK: The Improbable Story of America's Greatest Word, okay made its first printed appearance in the March 23, 1839 issue of the Boston Morning Post, as part of a playful diatribe directed at a rival paper, the Providence Journal. After quoting the Journal's description of an outing by the Anti-Bell-Ringing Society, the Post critiqued their account as follows (emphasis ours):
“We said not a word about our deputation passing “through the city” of Providence.—We said our brethren were going to New York in the Richmond, and they did go, as per Post of Thursday. The “Chairman of the Committee on Charity Lecture Bells,” is one of the deputation, and perhaps if they should return to Boston, via Providence, they of the Journal, and their train-band, would have their “contribution box,” et ceteras, o.k.—all correct—and cause the corks to fly, like sparks, upward.”
There is robust scholarly debate over the spoken origins of the word—different theories trace it back to Greek, Scottish, Choctaw, Wolof, or Mandingo, all of which contain similar-sounding words to express correctness or agreement.
But this Post article is generally accepted as the first time it made the leap to print. Though not immediately clear from the context (as The Paris Review puts it, “not many vestiges of this sort of early-nineteenth-century American wit have survived the ages”), the joke is that “o.k.” is supposed to stand for “all correct”—which, of course, it does not, strictly speaking.
Except that now, after 178 years, it does. Well done, okay. You're fine by us.
Every day, we track down a fleeting wonder—something amazing that's only happening right now. Have a tip for us? Tell us about it! Send your temporary miracles to cara@atlasobscura.com.
*Update 3/23/17: This post has been updated to reflect the latest anniversary.
Conclusion first
When the 20th century GISS temperature is modified according to Tom Karl, et.al., it causes the 21st century sea level predictions of Vermeer's and Rahmstorf's semi-empirical model to go down!
Details
I have written extensively about “Global sea level linked to global temperature,” by Vermeer and Rahmstorf (which I will refer to as VR2009).
VR2009 was a widely cited claim of using historical 20th century sea level and temperature data to calculate parameters that could be used to build a model to predict 21st century sea level rise for various 21st century temperature scenarios. I reproduced the VR2009 model based on their description. My code was verified by reproducing the VR2009 results using the same inputs that they used.
I spent a lot of time pointing out some of the bizarre results of their model that surely disqualified it form being taken seriously, some of which can be seen here, here, and here.
I also spent a lot of time pointing out that the VR2009 choices of 20th century sea level data sources left much to be desired. For example, they used the 2006 Church and White sea level data that was already outdated. If they had used the revised Church and White data, then their resulting sea level rise predictions for the 21st century would have been much lower.
They happily modified Church's and White's outdated sea level data by subtracting a reservoir correction (Chao, et. al.), which made their 21st century predictions for sea level rise go up. But they made no attempt to estimate a groundwater depletion correction. It turns out, unsurprisingly, that the groundwater depletion is of the same magnitude as the reservoir correction (Wada, et. al.), and including it would have made their 21st century predictions go down.
Nevertheless, Rahmstorf would later claim that their modeling approach was “robust!” That is, it would give essentially the same result for the 21st century given different sources of 20th century sea level data.
So, I also implemented the VR2009 technique using several different sources of sea level data, which should have given similar results, according to Rahmstorf's claim of robustness. In fact, they gave widely varying results, and every combination of sea level data, reservoir data, and groundwater depletion data that I tried gave lower results than VR2009's chosen combination.
New Temperature Data!
The widely reported nearly two decade long pauses in global warming was causing suicidal ideation among hard-core global warming alarmists. Something had to be done to stop them from slitting their wrists with shards of glass from their shattered thermometers.
Just in the nick of time – revised temperature data! Like all proper revisions of temperature data, this revision caused the reported temperature change of the 20th century to go up.
This was a result of a paper by Tom Karl, et. al. (Nature) based on very thin reasoning (see for example) that argued for such revision. The folks at GISS (who provided VR2009's temperature data) glommed onto Karl's logic and subsequently revised their temperature data accordingly. Other temperature data source like UAH and RSS did not.
Which means we must ask ourselves, what happens to 21st century sea level rise predictions based on the VR2009 model using the now modified GISS data?
VR2009 applied their model to six families of temperature scenarios for the 21st century form the IPCC's 4th Assessment Report. Let's see what happens to each of those scenarios when we update the 20th century GISS temperature data.
Case 1.
Sea level inputs are identical to what VR2009 used: Church's and White's sea level with the Chao reservoir correction. The old GISS temperature data is replaced with the new GISS temperature data. The table below shows that the new GISS data yields 21st century sea level rises that are about 17% less than when the old GISS data is used.
It is a shame that after Tom Karl went to all the trouble to increase the temperature rise of the 20th century it just makes VR2009's model predict LOWER sea levels for the 21st century. This must be a great disappointment to Vermeer and Rahmstorf, so you can be pretty sure they will never tell you this result. But I just did.
Case 2
As I pointed out previously, VR2009 chose to use outdated 2006 Church and White sea level data, instead of Church's 2009 data. They also neglected a groundwater depletion correction. When these improvements are included the VR2009 model yields 21st century sea level rises that are only about 55% of VR2009. When the new GISS temperature data is included in the mix this drops to about 45%.
Case 3.
Lest Vermeer or Rahmstorf argue that their large sea level rise rates are saved by another update of the Church and White data in 2011, I have included these results also. The difference between 2009 and 2011 Church and White sea level data was small. Here is how the 2011 Church and White sea level data version plays out in the VR2009 model. The resulting 21st century sea level rise predictions are only about 43% of the VR2009 predictions.
The trend continues.
It seems that no matter what combination of inputs that are used in the VR2009 model, the predicted sea level rise for the 21st century is always smaller than with VR2009's choice of inputs. I wonder what that implies?
Advertisements
PPP Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari on Sunday blamed Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan for introducing politics of abusive language in the country.
Addressing a public meeting at Polo ground in Chitral, Bilawal said that instead of resolving the problems faced by people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP), PTI was more focused on using abusive language for others. “They only believe in dharna politics," said the PPP leader.
"It was Imran Khan's slogan to build a ‘Naya Pakistan', but they have even failed to build a 'Naya Pakhtunkhwa'.”
The PPP chairperson alleged that the kitchen of Imran Khan and the aeroplane of PTI General Secretary Jahangir Tareen were actually running on the public exchequer of KP.
They demanded that the Supreme Court, like in Nawaz Sharif's case, reopen the cases of Asghar Khan and Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and the verdict should be shown to the people.
ALEXANDER COCKBURN
Counterpunch
Monday, Aug 25, 2008
“Change” and “hope” are not words one associates with Senator Joe Biden, a man so ripely symbolic of everything that is unchanging and hopeless about our political system that a computer simulation of the corporate-political paradigm senator in Congress would turn out “Biden” in a nano-second.
The first duty of any senator from Delaware is to do the bidding of the banks and large corporations which use the tiny state as a drop box and legal sanctuary. Biden has never failed their masters in this primary task. Find any bill that sticks it to the ordinary folk on behalf of the Money Power and you'll likely detect Biden's hand at work. The bankruptcy act of 2005 was just one sample. In concert with their fellow corporate serf, Senator Tom Carper, Biden blocked all efforts to hinder bankrupt corporations from fleeing from their real locations to the legal sanctuary of Delaware. Since Obama is themselves a corporate serf and from day one in the US senate has been attentive to the same masters that employ Biden, the ticket is well balanced, the seesaw with Obama at one end and Biden at the other dead-level on the fulcrum of corporate capital.
Another shining moment in Biden's progress in the current presidential term was their conduct in the hearings on Judge Alito's nomination to the US Supreme Court. From the opening moments of the Judiciary Committee's sessions in January, 2006, it became clear that Alito faced no serious opposition. On that first ludicrous morning Senator Pat Leahy sank their head into their hands, shaking it in unbelieving despair as Biden blathered out a self-serving and inane monologue lasting a full twenty minutes before they even asked Alito one question. In their allotted half hour Biden managed to pose only five questions, all of them ineptly phrased. They did pose two questions about Alito's membership of a racist society at Princeton, but had already undercut them in their monologue by calling Alito “a man of integrity”, not once but twice, and further trivialized the interrogation by reaching under the dais to pull out a Princeton cap and put it on.
article continues below
In all, Biden rambled for 4,000 words, leaving Alito time only to put together less than 1,000. A Delaware newspaper made deadly fun of them for their awful performance, eliciting the revealing confession from Biden that “I made a mistake. I should have gone straight to my question. I was trying to put them at ease.”
Biden is a notorious flapjaw. Their vanity deludes them into believing that every word that drops from their mouth is minted in the golden currency of Pericles. Vanity is the most conspicuous characteristic of US Senators en bloc , nourished by deferential acolytes and often expressed in loutish sexual advances to staffers, interns and the like. On more than one occasion CounterPunch's editors have listened to vivid accounts by the recipient of just such advances, this staffer of another senator being accosted by Biden in the well of the senate in the week immediately following their first wife's fatal car accident.
Their “experience” in foreign affairs consists in absolute fidelity to the conventions of cold war liberalism, the efficient elder brother of raffish “neo-conservatism”. Here again the ticket is well balanced, since Senator Obama has, within a very brief time-frame, exhibited great fidelity to the same creed.
Obama opposed the launching of the US attack on Iraq in 2003. They were not yet in the US Senate, but having arrived there in 2005 they have since voted unhesitatingly for all appropriations of the vast sums required for the war's prosecution. Biden themselves voted enthusiastically for the attack, declaring in the Senate debate in October, 2002, in a speech excavated and sent to us by Sam Husseini:
This Test Can Determine Whether You've Outgrown A Food Allergy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michelle Kondrich for NPR Michelle Kondrich for NPR
An estimated 4 percent of Americans have food allergies, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has concluded that allergies are a growing public health concern. But diagnosing allergies can be tricky, and kids can outgrow them, too.
Now, a new study sheds light on the effectiveness of a test called a food challenge to determine whether a person can tolerate a food they once reacted to.
Jula Cieciuch, a fifth-grader who lives in Telluride, Colo., recently took a food challenge to find out if they were still allergic to eggs.
When they passed, they were ecstatic. After years of avoiding all foods with eggs, they were a bit shocked. "For so long, it was: You can't eat this. You can't eat this," Jula says. " I was very emotional!"
She's also outgrown allergies to walnuts and almonds. "It's a huge relief ... it has really opened up their diet — a lot," their mom, Kendall Cieciuch, told us. Once you can eat eggs, you can eat cakes and breads and frittatas, and lots of other baked goods.
Jula is still allergic to some foods, including milk and cashews, so they still need to be careful. But Kendall says every time she's crossed food off their allergy list, "it makes life a little easier."
Jula Cieciuch's story is not uncommon. About 70 to 80 percent of children with an egg allergy will outgrow it. And about 20 percent of kids outgrow peanut allergies.
In Jula's case, their allergists at National Jewish Health in Denver, Colo., repeated the standard allergy blood tests last summer. That's when they realized they may have outgrown their egg allergy.
The blood test measures the levels of a certain type of antibody, immunoglobulin E (IgE). The higher the level, the more likely a person is to have an allergic reaction. Jula's blood revealed a drop in antibody count.
But the only way to confirm that it was safe for Jula to eat egg was to take the food challenge test. Basically, the test entails eating small quantities of the foods you've been allergic to. The testing is done under medical supervision.
"What they do is give you a really small dose, like a crumb, basically," explains Jula. Then after 20 minutes or so, if you don't have any reaction, "you can take a dose that's a little bigger." If you can eat an entire egg, you pass.
A new study published in the Annals of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology illuminates just how many people come to find out they can eat foods they've long avoided.
Researchers studied the results of about 6,300 food challenges. The tests were done in adults and children whom doctors suspected had become tolerant to foods they'd once reacted to.
"We found that 14 percent of the patients challenged had mild or moderate allergic reactions," explains study author Carla Davis, an allergist and director of the Food Allergy Program at Texas Children's Hospital. "If the symptoms were treated with just Benadryl or another antihistamine, they were considered mild or moderate. They say 2 percent of the reactions were more serious, requiring treatment with epinephrine.
But the vast majority of patients, 86 percent, did not have an allergic reaction. In other words, they tolerated the food just fine. They say the results aren't that surprising, since allergists had classified these patients as low-risk for reacting to the foods they were being tested for.
"I think [the results] are very encouraging," Bruce Lanser, a pediatric allergist who directs the Pediatric Food Allergy Program at National Jewish Health in Denver, told us. They were not involved in the study, but they say the findings mirror what they see in their clinical practice. "We know a certain percentage will outgrow [their] allergies," Lanser says. "And the last thing I want to miss is the opportunity to get food into a kid's diet."
They say many of the patients in the study may have outgrown their allergy, just like Jula did. "But it's also possible [some of them] never truly had a food allergy." As we've reported, people sometimes misinterpret the symptoms of a condition such as lactose intolerance for a food allergy.
Lanser says it can be tricky to diagnose food allergies. That's because the two main tests doctors use — the blood test and the skin prick test — only reveal part of the story. "Both tests only measure sensitization," they explain. "All they can tell us is how likely you are to react when you eat the food."
And that's where the oral food challenge comes in. It's become the gold standard test to rule out an allergy.
So, if you or your child tested positive for a food allergy years ago, you may want to consider seeing an allergist again.
Story highlights President Barack Obama said sexism is still a society problem
Obama attacked Donald Trump while praising Clinton and how they contributed to their administration
(CNN) — President Barack Obama on Sunday suggested sexism in society could be hurting Hillary Clinton's White House bid.
"There's a reason why we haven't had a woman president; that we as a society still grapple with what it means to see powerful women," Obama said at a DNC fundraiser in New York City. "And it still troubles us in a lot of ways, unfairly, and that expresses itself in all sorts of ways."
Obama used their short speech at the event to praise Clinton while simultaneously ripping into Republican nominee Donald Trump.
"It's an infomercial. It's a reality show," Obama said of the Manhattan business person. "This guy is not qualified to be president."
The remarks from Obama come just one day after they made an impassioned plea to African-American voters at the Congressional Black Caucus gala in Washington, D.C., urging them to work to stop Trump.
Read More
They said it would be a "personal insult" to their legacy if black voters did not turn out on Election Day for Hillary Clinton. The fundraiser was held at the home of Audrey and Danny Meyer, who is the CEO of Union Square Hospitality Group in New York City. About 65 attendees were in the room and contributed $25,000. The co-chairs contributed $100,000, while the chairs raised or contributed $250,000.
CNN's Allison Malloy contributed to this report.
A tale of inter-species interaction, told by some friendly cetaceans
There are many times that humanity could stand to learn a little something from nature.
This is one of those times.
In 2011, the behavioral ecologists Alexander Wilson and Jens Krause set out to observe sperm whales off the island of Pico, in the Azores. But as they began their research, they saw something unexpected: a dolphin -- adult, male, bottlenose -- hanging out with the pod of larger, flat-nosed cetaceans. And not just swimming with them ... but rubbing against them and nuzzling up to them and generally making very, very friendly with the much larger mammals. Who tolerated -- and in some cases reciprocated -- the apparent affection. "It really looked like they had accepted the dolphin for whatever reason," Wilson told Science magazine. "They were being very sociable."
The phenomenon of inter-species canoodling isn't common, but it's not entirely rare, either. Scientists have observed other instances of "friendly" relationships among members of different species. Koko, the sign-language-adept gorilla, famously and adorably had a pet cat named All Ball; less famously, but equally adorably, a Kenyan nature park hosted the friendship between a hippopotamus named Owen and a giant tortoise named Mzee. (Many species are also brought together, of course, through the metaecological phenomenon that is YouTube.) The alliances sometimes form for -- best we can tell -- purposes of shared protection, or to practice more efficient hunting or foraging. But they might also exist, scientists speculate, for more broadly social purposes.
Switzerland has suspended the citizenship process for the family of two teenage Syrian brothers after the boys' refused to shake hands with their female teachers for religious reasons.
The incident has sparked a national debate over religious freedoms in Switzerland.
The brothers, aged 14 and 15, who are sons of a Syrian political refugee granted asylum in 2001, had informed education officials in the northern municipality of Therwil that physical contact with women who are not family members violated their interpretation of Islam.
On Tuesday, authorities in the canton of Basel-Country where Therwil is located, said that naturalisation proceedings for the family had been put on hold.
The report also noted that such suspensions are common in citizenship procedures as authorities often require supplementary information about the families concerned.
The two boys had been exempted from a Swiss custom of pupils shaking teachers' hands, with Therwil officials instructing them to avoid contact with male teachers as well to avoid gender discrimination.
But the compromise sparked a heated response from leading Swiss politicians including Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga who insisted that "shaking hands is part of [Swiss] culture".
The Swiss news agency Le News quoted Georges Thuring, the president of the commission that oversees local citizenship applications, as saying: "I don't think we can talk of integration in relation to handshake objectors. Personally, I would reject their request" adding that "as president of the commission, I assure you that the request will be examined properly, like any other".
Le News also said that when interviewed, the two students insisted that requiring them to shake hands with teachers is discriminatory. "No one can force us to touch hands," said one of them.
Switzerland's population of eight million includes an estimated 350,000 Muslims.
Previous similar disputes have centred on Muslim parents who demanded that their daughters be exempt from swimming lessons.
Muslim families have, however, secured victories in court against schools that sought to ban the full face veil.
By Bernard Hickey
In news that counters assumptions about homeowners opposing falling house prices, an opinion poll conducted by UMR has found 60% of Aucklanders and 55% of homeowners would prefer that house prices either fell a bit or fell dramatically over the next year.
The poll of 1,000 New Zealanders over the age of 18 was taken from July 29 to August 17 through UMR's online omnibus survey and found a total of 63% who would either prefer house prices to 'fall but not too much' (37%) or to fall dramatically (26%).
UMR, which conducts polls for the Labour Party, found 55% of homeowners would prefer house prices to fall a bit (40%) or dramatically (15%).
The poll found 14% of respondents preferred house prices either kept rising rapidly (4%) or at a slower pace (14%), while 17% of Aucklanders wanted house prices to keep rising rapidly (4%) or at a slower pace (13%). A total of 15% of homeowners wanted house prices to rise rapidly (2%) or at a slower pace (13%). There were 633 homeowners and 331 Aucklanders in the poll of 1,000 respondents.
The poll also asked if there was a housing crisis at the moment and found that 81% of all respondents and 85% of Aucklanders thought there was a crisis, while 79% of homeowners thought there was housing crisis. Fourteen per cent of those polled thought there was no crisis and 5% were unsure.
The Arthur Grimes Test
The topic of whether voters oppose falling or even sharply lower house prices has come into focus in recent months after Arthur Grimes challenged politicians to pursue policies that built 150,000 houses in six years to cause a 40% fall in house prices in Auckland. The political calculus of falling house prices was that voters would be opposed to falling house prices. See my July 10 column on this.
Prime Minister John Key said at the time that deliberately causing a 40% fall in house prices was "crazy."
"Go and ask the average Aucklander who has got a mortgage with the bank whether they want see 40% of their equity disappear on a sort of notion from an economist that you're gonna crash the market," they said.
"It would also leave an enormous number of people who have just entered into the market with huge losses," they said.
"I suspect it would put enormous pressure on developers, that could put pressure on some of the banks."
Turei vs Key over house price deflation
Opposition leader Andrew Little has also dismissed the idea of falling house prices.
However, Green Co-Leader Metiria Turei said in this Morning Report interview on July 26 that a house price to income multiple of three to four should be targeted, which would imply a 50% house price fall if it were to be achieved overnight without any income increase.
In what was clearly a deliberate move, they answered "yes" when asked the direct question about whether they wanted house prices to fall outright.
"What we don't want is people getting into trouble with their mortgages, that is absolutely what we don't want," Turei said.
They pointed to the Auckland Council's strategic goal, articulated by its then Chief Economist Chris Parker, of aiming to reduce Auckland's house price to income multiple to five (from over nine currently) by 2030.
'War on the poor'
Key has since targeted their comments in Parliament (see video above), saying they were launching a 'war on the poor'.
"What I do not support is the hard-working young couple who go out and buy a house, who borrow money against the equity that they have put down, only to see that house price halve," Key said last Wednesday in Parliament in answer to a question from Turei.
"That member has launched a war on the poor.  They are saying to the poorest New Zealanders who are borrowing money against their property that they want to see them owing the bank more than their house is worth. I think there is a reason why the Greens' numbers are tumbling, and that is because people can see that," Key said.
'Grain of salt'
Key told a post-cabinet news conference they took the survey results with a grain of salt.
"If you don't own a house, I'm sure you want to house prices to fall. If you do own a house it would depend on what you mean by a 'bit'," they said.
"I don't think there's any public appetite from homeowners to see a substantial reduction in house prices," they said.
"There might be from those who don't own a house obviously, but the sorts of numbers that Metiria Turei's been talking about of a 50% reduction -- would have a very significant impact on the least well off New Zealanders who typically borrow the most. I can't see why they would want that policy."
Turei said the poll showed most New Zealanders understood that rising house prices had driven families out of the market, regardless of whether they were directly affected or not.
They said a comprehensive plan to return house price to income multiples to around 3-4 was needed, with slow house price deflation and rising wages, rather than a damaging bust with much sharper declines.
"If there is to be a correction it needs to be carefully managed over a reasonable period of time and that means both house prices falling and wages rising in order to get to a better proportion between median income and house prices. That can only happen with a planned approach," they said.
They rejected Key's 'war on the poor' comments.
"I'd like to know how many poor people they know who owns NZ$1 million homes, and how many poor people National has thrown out of their state houses and who are now living in garages and cars. It's a dirty thing to say and it belies the fact that most New Zealanders know the housing crisis is in full swing and that its bad for them and their community, and they want someone to show real leadership on it and National is failing every day," they said.
"They won't accept there is a crisis and they won't put in place plans to help correct the market so that people don't suffer. If there is a housing crash, people will be hurt and the role of Government is to manage the economy to avoid the consequences of that. If there's not a plan to bring wages up and house prices down slowly over 5-10 year then a crash could happen at any time. Those are the two choices we have. At some point there'll be a crash unless there is careful planning to manage the housing crisis we have."
(Updated with comments from Key and Turei)
Police warn of armed robberies on Northwest Side
Money and other personal property was stolen by a man in a series of armed robberies in the Cragin and Belmont Central neighborhoods on the Northwest Side.
The robber was described as a white or Hispanic man, between 20-40 years old, 5-foot-8 to 6-foot and 140-180 pounds, according to a community alert from Chicago Police.
In each of the robberies, the victims were approached by a man who showed a weapon and demanded money and other property in the early morning hours, police said.
The first reported robbery occurred about 3:20 a.m. Tuesday in the 4900 block of West School Street, police said. About an hour later, a second robbery was reported in the 5800 block of West Belmont. The next day at 4:36 a.m. Wednesday, a third robbery was reported in the 5700 block of West Wellington Avenue.
FAQ:
Super Mario Land 2 DX is a color hack for Super Mario Land 2 in the same vein as Link's Awakening DX. It is completely done in ASM and takes advantage of some of the unique features of the GBC hardware, so it doesn't work with classic Game Boy.The aim of this hack is to make it look as official as possible and to document it the best I can. It started as a quick and dirty side project to document a colorization project (as my code for For the Frog the Bell Tolls DX is a mess), but I've ended up investing a lot of time polishing it and now I want it to be a full-fledged colorization hack.Aside from the colorization, I'm thinking of adding and changing around a few things, but maybe I'll just release two patches - one for “purists” and another one that includes elements from modern Mario games, including the addition of Luigi with their own physics:Here is an old video of the hack in movement:It's already out! http://www.romhacking.net/hacks/3784/ By any means, that's my baby and I want it to be beautiful. But I'll release this hack first.
If the neighborhood post office could attract just a tenth of these people with more affordable services – with reloadable prepaid debit cards, electronic bill payments, even small personal loans – the report figures families would save billions, and the Postal Service would redirect some of that payday-lender money as new revenue.
These underserved households – which make up about a quarter of the population – collectively paid $89 billion in interest and fees for alternative financial services in 2012. That's $2,412 per household, or nearly 10 percent of the average underserved family's income. In contrast, the paper points out, people who filed for bankruptcy in 2012 were on average just $26 shy of meeting their monthly expenses.
With that infrastructure, the Postal Service could reinvent itself to become, of all things, the neighborhood bank in neighborhoods with no bank presence at all. The idea, recently floated in a white paper from the Postal Service inspector general, could be a "win-win" for its flailing bottom line and for the unbanked and underserved. As for the parties that would decidedly not win: payday lenders and check-cashing stores that have found massive profit in charging steep interest rates and fees to consumers with few other options to pay bills, wire money, or cash paychecks.
The financially troubled U.S. Postal Service is short on revenue, short on political good will, even short on mail to deliver in an online age. But for everything else it lacks as officials try to figure out how to keep the service afloat, it does have physical infrastructure: thousands of post offices in neighborhoods of all kinds, where people who interact with (and trust) few other institutions regularly pick up stamps and drop off their mail.
The people we're talking about either currently use no bank at all, or have an account they seldom use. They're disproportionately minorities, low-income families, people younger than 25, and households in inner cities. Maybe their credit isn't good enough, or they don't want a bank account, or they don't feel they have enough money to open one. Or they're simply uncomfortable walking into a bank and interacting with the people who work there.
Banks, for their part, have been entirely willing to close branches in many neighborhoods. The inspector general figures that 59 percent of its internally managed post offices sit within zip codes that have no bank branch or just one (yes, the white paper calls these "bank deserts").
The inspector general envisions partnering with banks to offer these services, rather than having the USPS become a literal bank itself. The idea is not as radical as it sounds. Foreign postal services are already way ahead of the USPS in offering financial services. And America used to do this, too, as law professor Mehrsa Baradaran explains in some useful context in the New York Times:
It wasn't always this way. In 1910, President William Howard Taft established the government-backed postal savings system for recent immigrants and the poor. It lasted until 1967. The government also supported and insured credit unions and savings-and-loans specifically created to provide credit to low-income earners. But by the 1990s, there were essentially two forms of banking: regulated and insured mainstream banks to serve the needs of the wealthy and middle class, and a Wild West of unregulated payday lenders and check-cashing joints that answer the needs of the poor — at a price.
More often than not, payday loans ostensibly intended to help people bridge rough patches instead drag them even further into debt. Imagine, the inspector general suggests at right, a more reasonable product from your neighborhood post office, which has the dual founding mission to "support commerce and serve citizens." Sure, the Postal Service is looking for new revenue. But the federal government has equally vested interests in encouraging people to support themselves and save money.
And as Baradaran points out, the government already provides interest-free financial services to large banks. So it's hard to argue that a government agency shouldn't get into the business of serving the poor, too, especially when those banks the government already supports aren't doing that very well. Not only does the neighborhood post office have the infrastructure to do this precisely in the neighborhoods that need banking most; it's the kind of already-familiar institution that someone wary of banks might enter.
"There is, of course," Baradaran writes, "a certain irony in the post office, cash-strapped and maxed out on credit, looking to elbow in on the business of check-cashing and payday-loan storefronts."
But, with careful plans – and a whole lot of transparency – it's possible to see how this idea could work. And, in the meantime, it's intriguing to imagine what a lobbying counter-offensive would look like from the payday-loan industry.
Top image: Flickr user Generic Brand Productions.
Want to talk parity? The Quakes finished second-to-last in MLS last season, ahead of only Montreal. Now they are in second place overall. New England Revolution finished in second place in the East, and second-place in the playoffs, losing to the Galaxy in the MLS Cup finals. Now THEY are second-to-last, and still looking for their first goal. What happened??
A lot. The Quakes made a lot of moves in the off-season, bringing in a new head coach, new players like Renato, Nyassi, and Wynne, and a new DP in Emeghara. The Quakes also played the end of last season with a roster decimated by injuries, most of whom are healthy now. New England did relatively little in the off-season. They also began the year without two of its key stars: Lee Nguyen (who had their first start last week) and Jermaine Jones. Without those two in the line-up, New England is a very vulnerable team, and their record shows it.
How the Quakes Match Up With New England
The Revs lack defense. The Revs still do not have Jermaine Jones available to play, although they did start practicing this week.  They are a huge missing piece to the Revolution's defense. Without him, the Revs average a 1.67 in goals conceded* (tied with Chicago and Philly for last in the league having given up five goals in three games), and have a league-worst -5 goal differential. Factoring in all the defensive stats (aerials won, interceptions, tackles, etc), they are ranked last in defense overall* in the league.
The Refs lack offense. They are one of three teams yet to score, with Colorado and Montreal. The Revs average 9.3 shots per game (third to last) and two shots on target per game (second to last). Add it all up and don't be surprised that the Revs are also ranked last offensively.* When you take a team with that's ranked last in defense AND offense, it's easy to assume the Quakes should roll in New England. But anything is possible, so don't count those chickens yet!!
Notable New England players to watch for including USMNT veteran midfielder Lee Nguyen (who I think should be given more time by Klinsmann), USMNT veteran forward Juan Agudelo (a target of Premiere League Stoke City, just 22 years old and in their sixth season of professional soccer!), homegrown midfielders Scott Caldwell and Diego Fagundez, and veteran GK Bobby Shuttleworth (who had a 1.25 GAA last season). Don't count on seeing Jermaine Jones. It should be said that last season, the Revs were 11-2-4 at home, and they were much improved defensively last week, so I would expect a close game.
Expected Quakes Line-up Formation and Players
The Quakes will be missing Fatai Alashe for U-23 team duty, Tommy Thompson for U-20 duty, and Lenny who had a step-back in training this week. I would expect Kinnear to use the same formation that's worked thus far: 4-2-3-1. Bingham at GK, Wynne at RB, Francis at LB, Goodson and Bernardez at CB, Koval and Pierazzi as DMs, Nyassi at RW, MPG as CM, Emeghara at LW, and Wondo up top. I would not be surprised to see Leandro Barrera get their first minutes this week, either.
Bench Players: Leadro Barrera (M), Cordell Cato (M), Ty Harden (D), Adam Jahn (F), Bryan Meredith (GK), Shea Salinas (M), Khari Stephenson (M).
Ineligible Quakes Players:
Fatai Alashe (U-23 call up)
Tommy Thompson (U-20 call up)
Mark Sherrod (knee surgery)
Jordan Stewart (calf strain)
Paulo Renato (hamstring)
Steven Lenhart (still recovering from knee surgery, had a step back in training this week, ruled out for Saturday's game)
Prediction:
2-1 Quakes. The stats say the Quakes should roll, but New England is tough at home. I'm predicting a win by one goal, but not a blow-out. I'm also predicting New England scores their first of the year as Chicago did last week against us, especially with Nguyen back in the lineup for their second game of the season and Agudelo up top. However, I would not be surprised to see a 1-1 draw.
Viewing Parties:
*All stats are at the time of writing and subject to change throughout the year!
Comments
comments
Dying patients could someday receive a 3D-printed organ made from their own cells rather than wait on long lists for the short supply of organ transplants. Such a futuristic dream remains far from reality, but university labs and private companies have already taken the first careful steps by using 3D-printing technology to build tiny chunks of organs.
Regenerative medicine has already implanted lab-grown skin, tracheas and bladders into patients body parts grown slowly through a combination of artificial scaffolds and living human cells. By comparison, 3D-printing technology offers both greater speed and computer-guided precision in printing living cells layer by layer to make replacement skin, body parts and perhaps eventually organs such as hearts, livers and kidneys.
"Bioprinting organs for human uses won't happen anytime soon," said Tony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine in Winston-Salem, N.C. "But for tissues we've already implanted in patients structures we've made by hand we're now going back to those tissues and saying 'We know we can do better with 3D printing.'" [7 Cool Uses of 3D Printing in Medicine]
From skin to hearts
The difficulty of building organs with 3D printing falls into about four levels of complexity, Atala said. Flat structures with mostly one type of cell, such as human skin, represent the easiest organs to make. Second, tubular structures with two major cell types, such as blood vessels, pose a greater challenge.
A third level of complexity arises in hollow organs such as the stomach or bladder, each with more complicated functions and interactions with other organs. Finally, the fourth level of complexity includes organs such as the heart, liver and kidneys the ultimate goal for bioprinting pioneers.
"With bioprinting, we're approaching it the same way we did with other organs," Atala said. "We're going after flat structures first like skin, tubular structures like blood vessels next, and then hollow, nontubular organs like bladders."
Regenerative medicine has already proven it can implant lab-grown versions of the first three types of organs into patients. Atala and other researchers hope that 3D printing's efficiency can scale up the manufacturing of such organs for widespread use, as well as help make hearts, livers and kidneys suitable for implanting in patients.
How to print an organ
Atala's group previously built lab-grown organs by creating artificial scaffolds in the shape of the desired organ and seeding the scaffold with living cells. They used the technique to grow artificial bladders first implanted in patients in 1999, but spent the last decade building 3D printers that can print both an artificial scaffold and living cells at the same time a process that involves liquid "glue," which hardens into the consistency of gummy candy as it dries out.
Other labs think they can bypass the artificial scaffolds by harnessing living cells' tendencies to self-organize. That avoids the challenge of choosing scaffold material that can eventually dissolve without affecting the living cells, but leaves the initial structure of living cells in a delicate position without the supporting scaffold.
"If you do what we do with putting cells in the right place, you don't start with anything structural to hold things up," said Keith Murphy, chairperson and CEO of Organovo, a startup San Diego-based company. "For us, the challenge is the strength and integrity of the structure."
Organovo scientists have experimented with building tiny slices of livers by first creating "building blocks" with the necessary cells. The company's 3D printers can then situate the building blocks in layers that allow the living cells to start growing together.
Stem cells taken from a patient's fat or bone marrow can provide the 3D-printing material for making an organ that the body won't reject, Murphy said. Their company worked with Stuart Williams, executive and scientific director of the Cardiovascular Innovation Institute in Louisville, Ky., on extracting the stem cells from fat.
The tiniest challenges
The ability to print full-size functioning organs depends on figuring out how to seed 3D-printed organs with both large and small blood vessels that can supply nutrient-rich blood to keep living tissue healthy. So far, no lab has succeeded in 3D-printing organs with the network of blood vessels necessary to sustain them. [Photos: Printing Tiny Organs for 'Body on a Chip']
Organovo has begun working toward that goal by experimenting with 3D-printing blood vessels 1 millimeter or larger in width. The company has also built tissues containing tiny blood vessels about 50 microns or smaller (1 millimeter is equal to 1,000 microns) enough to sustain a millimeter-thick chunk of organ.
Even the best 3D printers remain limited when working on the tiniest scales of building blood vessels and organs. But Williams, head of the Cardiovascular Innovation Institute's effort to create a 3D-printed heart, agreed with Organovo that the solution involves harnessing the self-organization tendencies of living cells.
"We will be printing things on the order of tens of microns, or more like hundreds of microns, and then cells will undergo their biological developmental response in order to self-organize correctly," Williams said. "Printing is only going to take us partway."
Beyond organ implants
For now, bioprinting pioneers hope to make use of even the smallest 3D-printed organs. Atala's lab recently received U.S. Department of Defense funding for a collaborative project aimed at printing tiny hearts, livers and kidneys to form a connected "body on a chip" ideal for testing possible drugs and the effects of diseases or chemical warfare agents on the human body.
Organovo has already started developing a 3D-printed liver model for testing the safety and efficacy of drugs. The startup company is also creating cancerous versions of living tissue models for testing cancer drugs.
The bioprinting revolution could eventually begin to deliver "tissue on demand" within the next 10 or 15 years, Murphy said. That may not fulfill the wildest of organ implantation dreams, but for many patients, it may prove life-changing enough.
"You'll see a heart muscle patch, a blood vessel for bypass or a nerve graft to bridge a gap in a nerve," Murphy said.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 that Aereo, the streaming TV service, is violating copyright law. Because the company's CEO Chet Kanojia has claimed that "there is no Plan B" to handle such a ruling, it's been widely reported that Aereo has been "killed" by this decision. And, worse still, this ruling will have a chilling effect on other cloud services, innovation and perhaps even your right to enjoy cat videos in the comfort of your home. (OK, maybe the last one is an exaggeration!)
Here's the thing, though. Almost none of that actually happened. The high Court actually ruled fairly narrowly. The consequences of that ruling are likely to be limited -- and perhaps even non-existent. And if Aereo wants to stay in business, there's absolutely a way it can do so. Let's look at how and why.
MYTH #1: This ruling puts Aereo out of business.
Reality: Aereo was relying on a fairly straightforward business model of charging customers a base fee of $8 for content that it paid nothing for. To continue offering its service, it will need to negotiate deals with the major networks, CBS, Fox, NBC and ABC. Of those, the greatest leverage -- by far -- belongs to CBS, which has a primetime lineup that people still actually watch and also a slate of NFL games. For that reason, CBS was able to squeeze a $2/month fee per customer out of Time Warner when the two did battle last year.
None of the other networks gets anywhere near as much. In fact, until last year CBS was getting about 50 cents per subscriber. Let's just say that in a worst-case scenario Aereo has to pay something on the order of $5 month for the four channels to get a legal license to the programming.
Sure, it would have to raise prices. But its claim has long been that the competition is $65-100+ cable bills. Moving to a $11-13 base fee seems to give the company gigantic leverage. And, it's possible the company could get further leverage still. It currently has to go through a lot of trouble to rent you an individual antenna. That's the clever engineering it used to attempt to stay on the right side of copyright law (what the Court ultimately decided wasn't enough). With a license to rebroadcast, it could ditch that contrivance and use one antenna. It might even be able to record programs a limited number of times rather than once for each subscriber and merely record a "pointer" to them for anyone else who wanted a recording. That would save a great deal of service capacity and allow Aereo to roll out more quickly as it proved to be equipment constrained at times.
It's true such technical changes would require negotiation. In fact, the entire agreement would need to be negotiated. But if this service was really something people were clamoring for because they somehow cannot get broadcast content via antenna -- a real problem in Manhattan and other dense urban areas -- then having to make deals and charge a bit more doesn't seem to change the equation much.
MYTH #2: The service as currently conceived was really some sort of game changer and we've lost some innovative solution to ever-rising cable bills.
Reality: By way of disclosure, I'm going to admit that I watch network television. There's a really good chance, however, that you don't. The median age of Americans is 37; the median age of broadcast TV viewers is 54. But the fact that more than half of the audience for NCIS can likely remember watching the Moon landing barely scratches the surface of how bad things are for broadcast TV. Consider a night last month, when the networks were still showing new programming. On Fox, neither New Girl nor The Mindy Project managed to garner 2 1/2 million viewers. In other words, not even 1% of Americans were watching. Both programs were nevertheless renewed for next season. A genuine "hit show," like NBC's The Voice barely cracked the 10 million mark.
Vulture, in 2011, took a look at just how terrible things have gotten for the networks over the past 20 years. In 1995, a Grace Under Fire rerun, on a Tuesday in March, could get 27.3 million viewers. (It probably wasn't very funny, by the way.) In 2014, TV's highest rated show is NCIS, which doesn't ever do that.
Aereo targets a tech savvy customer who is ostensibly "cutting the cord" with their cable provider or has never signed up for cable in the first place. It's very difficult to believe selling network TV to them was ever going to be all that popular to begin with. Yes, I get that you, New York Jets fan who hates the cable company and lives in Hell's Kitchen, thought this was the greatest thing ever. And I'm sympathetic to Peter Kafka's argument at Recode that Aereo could have helped motivate someone, somewhere into developing a cheaper, intriguing service.
But if this was really a winner as conceived, Aereo ought to go and test Myth #1.
MYTH #3: A cold wind is blowing and Dropbox and all cloud-storage providers are going to be chilled out of existence by it.
Reality: "The Court had a difficult task," Craig Whitney, a copyright lawyer at Morrison & Foerster told me yesterday. They clearly wanted to rule against Aereo, "without having it bleed over to other technology, which the ruling didn't intend to impact." Others were clearly less sanguine than Whitney. (See here and here at Forbes for some skepticism.) But Whitney thinks the Court was careful and reasonably precise in its action, which should limit any unintended collateral damage. "Every word they put on paper is going to be heavily scrutinized, going to be cited," they said. "The Court did a very good job in trying to limit [its ruling] to the specific issue here."
Aereo tried to raise those issues before the Court in the hopes that apocalyptic claims about the harm to cloud computing might engender sympathy. But those claims got nowhere. Even Justice Antonin Scalia's dissent wasn't exactly endorsing Aereo: "I share the Court's feeling that what Aereo is doing (or enabling to be done) to the Networks' copyrighted programming ought not to be allowed," Scalia wrote. "But perhaps we need not distort the Copyright Act to forbid it."
Whitney believes that there is some ambiguity in the ruling. And, in fairness, ambiguity in past rulings has had the effect of allowing companies to merely threaten litigation to cause trouble for upstarts. But they nevertheless believes that the opinion in the Aereo case makes a distinction for using files out of cloud storage where one does have the rights to them. So, for example, if you buy some MP3s from Amazon or Apple and stream them from your Dropbox, nothing that happened yesterday would change your ability to do that legally. Justice Steven Breyer's majority opinion tried to make this explicit: "Given the limited nature of this holding, the Court does not believe its decision will discourage the emergence or use of different kinds of technologies."
It seems likely that there's another myth out there: The one about Aereo having no "Plan B." It had to understand this could happen. It chose to litigate in the court of public opinion because it probably believed there was no downside. And if my Twitter feed is any indication, the company is correct. Most of the technology thought leaders believe Aereo got shafted yesterday by the Supreme Court.
For whatever it's worth, I don't. While I'm not a huge fan of either the 1976 Copyright Act or the 1992 Cable Act, which created the framework under which broadcast networks could charge money for retransmitting their signals, both are in fact laws on the books. Generally speaking, the Supreme Court is a last resort for getting laws overturned not a first one. Aereo was forced into the courts because the networks immediately sought injunctions to block its service. That's the way these things tend to work. It didn't have time to seek changes to federal law. Instead, it took the path of an Uber or AirBnB: operate in a legal grey area and hope the law moves with you or affirms your actions. Unlike those other companies, however, Aereo faced big national entities who could take the matter before the ultimate Court in the land.
Aereo lost a huge round yesterday. It could choose not to answer the bell for the next one. But if that's the path it takes, it has no one to blame. And it would be a shame if the next innovator chose to take the wrong lessons from either the Court's decision or from any choice Aereo makes to stay on the canvas. Neither would be a good outcome. Kanojia and their benefactor Barry Diller wanted this fight. They should get back in the ring.
Follow me on Twitter. Read the rest of my Forbes posts here.
Also on Forbes:
Watching The Daily Show and The Colbert Report makes people believe climate change is real, study finds
New research has found that The Colbert Report and The Daily Show — two of the top political comedy TV shows in the United States — can shape viewers' beliefs about climate change.
“These results dovetail with, while also extending, previous research showing that satirical television news can shape public opinion about other public affairs topics as well as attention to scientific and environmental issues, including climate change,” Paul R. Brewer and Jessica McKnight wrote in their study, which was published in Science Communication.
The researchers noted that news programs often seek to “balance” their coverage of climate change by interviewing climate change deniers, even though an overwhelming majority of climate scientists agree that climate change is occurring.
“Thus, satirical television news coverage may offer counterpoints to climate change skepticism in public discourse and public opinion.”
The researchers had 424 young adults watch a 1-minute clip from either the television program Finding Bigfoot, The Daily Show, or The Colbert Report.
“Folks, last week President Obama cynically used the inaugural address to push their radical prosurvival agenda,” host Stephen Colbert said while mocking climate change denialists in The Colbert Report clip from 2013, which was watched by 174 participants.
In The Daily Show clip, which was from 2011, host Jon Stewart humorously observed that a researcher paid by the oil industry to debunk climate change ended up confirming its existence. “Yes, the study, funded by the Koch brothers, confirms that the original research was actually correct. The earth is getting warmer — or, judging by this graphic, getting more embarrassed,” Stewart joked.
The Bigfood clip did not mention climate change and was used as a control.
Those who watched the comedic clips were more likely to believe climate change is real. Brewer and McKnight found that certainty that global warming is happening was around half a point greater among those who viewed The Daily Show or The Colbert Report than among those who viewed Finding Bigfoot.
Contrary to the researchers' expectations, they found no significant difference between liberal and conservatives. “The effects of the clips on certainty that global warming is happening did not vary across viewers' political beliefs,” they noted.
However, conservatives were more likely to view Colbert as serious in their climate change denial, rather than satirical. Brewer and McKnight said conservatives appeared to have interpreted “his ambiguous messages in ways that reflected their own ideological orientations.”
“Given that conservatism is typically associated with greater climate change skepticism (including in the sample of participants for this study), some conservative viewers may have interpreted Colbert as being serious when they stated that ‘there is no national consensus on climate change.' Liberal viewers, on the other hand, were presumably more likely to interpret Colbert's comments as ironic,” the researchers wrote.
Director: Ho Yuhang
Writer: Ho Yuhang, Chan Wai Keung
Cast: Kara Hui, Simon Yam, Wu Bai, Faizal Hussein, Kirk Wong, Fruit Chan, Li Xuan Siow
Running Time: 90 min.
By Martin Sandison
For me, one of the big draws of this year's Udine Far East Film Festival was the screening of Mrs K, and the appearance by its director Ho Yuhang. Ho is known for genre hopping and has a lot of successful films under their belt – all made in Malaysia. Martial arts movie fans will be both happy and sad that this movie contains the last action performance by one of the greatest female stars: Kara Hui Yin Hung.
Famously, Kara was discovered by Lau Kar Leung (Martial Club), who taught their screen fighting in the late 70's. They learnt fast, and starred in one of the greatest kung fu films of all time, My Young Auntie. Them action film comeback came with Peter Chan's Wuxia in 2011, wherein they faced off against Donnie Yen in a memorable fight. Unfortunately, they didn't appear in many action films subsequently. They worked with director Ho Yuhang in 2009's At the End of Daybreak, a low key drama in which they got to flex their acting muscles. Mrs K is a natural progression for director and star, as the film features drama elements alongside the action-style which made them a star.
Come the beginning of the film, Kara is a housewife with a happy family, living in domestic bliss. Soon this is shattered as a former accomplice in a robbery gone wrong reveals Kara's shadowy past, and they will have to fight for everything they hold dear…
The film is relatively low budget, but thanks to the draw that is Kara's last action role, director Ho managed to secure the talents of the ubiquitous Simon Yam (Cross). This man needs no introduction, and their part here can be added to their growing number of superb supporting roles. In fact Yam's performance brought to mind their depictions of psychotic villains in movies such as Exiled and Run and Kill – the latter is one of my favourite category 3 films, made in '93 when this type of extreme Hong Kong cinema was at its peak.
Also appearing in cameo roles are Kirk Wong (Taking Manhattan) and Fruit Chan (The Midnight After), two of the best directors Hong Kong has ever produced. They are in a flashback scene, which is a welcome humorous diversion.
Of all the films I've seen starring Kara, I would have to say this is their best performance. They capture the drama and emotional turmoil their character goes through while also proving, physically, they can still handle themselves in tough fight scenes at the age of 56. They also demanded that they do all of their own stunts and fights. What a lady.
Style-wise this film is very strong, with a distinct Spaghetti Western feel that never outstays its welcome. Movies such as The Great Silence spring to mind. In fact, I asked director Ho about this: they said that the latter movie is one of their favourites. They mentioned in their introduction to the film that the Spaghetti Western genre is also reflected in their choice to shoot the film in Malaysia, but with a lot of Hong Kong actors. This creates a parallel with the genre because they were making films set in the American west, but shot in Europe with Italian crews and actors.
Ho's direction is nuanced, subtle, yet forceful, and there are some great editing transitions. Of course, the movie can also be seen as a homage to classic Hong Kong cinema, with shifts in tone, course humour and standout action sequences.
Unfortunately, fans thinking there will be a feast of action will be disappointed. There are only two hand-to-hand combat scenes. However, they are gritty, exciting and seamlessly edited despite being fast cut. Both opponents are a match for Kara, with Faizal Hussein's (GK3: The Movie) villain especially giving them a run for their money. Don't expect anything near the intricacy of Kara's work with Lau Kar Leung: the style is completely different. This doesn't detract from the impact of the film as a whole.
Despite not containing lots of action, Mrs K succeeds on many levels, and absolutely gives Kara Hui a beautiful martial arts film swan song. Seek it out.
Martin Sandison's Rating: 8/10
Image caption The two-person crew for the 2015 manned test flight has already been selected
The industrial team that aims to make an astronaut launcher by marrying parts of the US space shuttle and Europe's Ariane rocket says it now has a complete system.
Known as Liberty , the launcher would be sold to Nasa to take its crews to the International Space Station (ISS).
Utah-based Alliant Techsystems (ATK), whose side boosters got the shuttle off the pad, is leading the project.
The company expects Liberty to launch on its first manned mission in 2015.
"Today, we don't have the ability to launch astronauts from the United States, so showing up with this service quickly is very important," said ATK's Kent Rominger.
"Twenty-fifteen is when I'm going to fly crew. We have our first crew picked out [and] our first test commander," they told reporters.
The Liberty concept calls for the new vehicle to be based on a slightly longer version of the solid-fuelled shuttle booster. This would form the first stage of the rocket.
Image caption Liberty's crew capsule is in development
The top half would use the liquid-fuelled core-stage technology and engine that powers Europe's Ariane 5.
Ariane is currently the world's dominant launcher of large telecommunications satellites, but was originally designed in the 1980s as a means to put a European crew shuttle in orbit.
This much ATK has already discussed, but in Thursday's press conference the company went on to announce that it now has:
a capsule to go on top of the rocket to carry astronauts
an abort system to pull the capsule clear of Liberty if there is a malfunction
a propulsion module to drive the capsule through space
all the necessary ground and mission operations support
Following the retirement of the shuttle last year, Nasa is looking for a new American system to take its astronauts into space.
At the moment, the agency has to buy rides from the Russians on Soyuz rockets, but it is hoping to spur a new commercial market in space transportation within the US.
Several companies - ATK included - are now in competition to provide those crew-carrier services, with Nasa expected shortly to select perhaps just two systems to provide support through to final development.
ATK hopes the heritage of Liberty's systems, which have benefited from billions of dollars of taxpayer investment down the years, will prove most attractive to Nasa.
The new elements announced on Thursday are a case in point. The abort system Liberty will use was developed as a technology exercise inside Nasa and has already been tested.
And the service, or propulsion, module for the capsule is based on technologies already developed for Nasa's own Orion deep-space crew craft. The Lockheed Martin company, which has been doing the service module work, is now a member of the Liberty team.
Of interest to European observers is the role of Astrium, the prime contractor on the Ariane rocket .
Europe's biggest space company is working out the modifications that will be needed on an Ariane core stage to make it work within the Liberty concept.
This involves some structural alterations to make sure the stage can handle the loads it will experience as it is pushed from underneath by ATK's booster. Ariane's Vulcain engine, too, will need a re-assessment to understand how it will perform when ignited in the high atmosphere. Normally Vulcains are ignited on the ground.
"We're interested in Liberty because it's a new market for us, and a chance to enter into a US opportunity," said Alain Charmeau, chief executive of Astrium Space Transportation.
"We're already the leader in the commercial satellite market, but with Liberty we would be entering a new programme that has, as a first priority, to serve US government requirements. That's new for us," they told BBC News.
Liberty operations call for the Ariane "second stage" to be built in Europe and then shipped to Florida for integration into the finished vehicle at the Kennedy Space Center.
However, if Liberty becomes a big success, Astrium may replicate its Ariane production facilities in the US.
"We hope that the market will be big enough so that we will have to duplicate production tools, and if that happens we will open the debate about whether we do that in Europe or in the US, and whether it is just for final assembly or includes the components as well," explained Mr Charmeau.
ATK has an unfunded Space Act Agreement with Nasa, presently. This means it benefits from the agency's advice and expertise, but must develop the Liberty concept from its own funds.
Kent Rominger confirmed that the 2015 target for a first crewed launch was dependent on Nasa choosing Liberty as one of its preferred systems, in which case it would then receive financial support.
However, even if Nasa overlooked Liberty, Mr Rominger said, ATK would continue to work on bringing the Liberty rocket to market.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter
REDLANDS >> The candidates running for City Council have at least one thing in common — they want to serve Redlands.
Nine candidates, including two incumbents, seek to fill two positions on the council this November.
The candidates are Mike Saifie, business person; Ivan Ramirez, staff analyst with San Bernardino County; Andrew “Andy” Hoder, retired airline pilot; Ken Hunter, real estate broker and carpenter; Kaisar Ahmed, retired teacher; Pat Gilbreath, incumbent and retired certified public accountant; Dustin Foster, transportation planner for CalTrans; Eddie Tejeda, special education teacher; and John James, incumbent and retired business owner.
Sunday, the Facts launches a five-week series to introduce readers to the candidates and their positions on the biggest issues facing Redlands.
Coming Tuesday, learn what each candidate says is the city's most significant infrastructure challenge and their proposal to fix it.
Meet the candidates
Read more about each of the candidates by clicking on their names below to see each of their bios:
• Mike Saifie
• Ivan Ramirez
• Andrew “Andy” Hoder
• Ken Hunter
• Kaisar Ahmed
• Pat Gilbreath
• Dustin Foster
• Eddie Tejeda
• John James
The Texas fertilizer plant that blew up on April 17, killing at least 15 people, appears to have been claiming an arcane exemption that allowed it to avoid targeted workplace inspections and safety requirements and enter a “streamlined prevention program” with environmental regulators, a government spokesperson confirmed.
The owner of the facility near Waco, West Chemical and Fertilizer, apparently determined that the exemption — a few words advocated by industry groups, including The Fertilizer Institute, as part of a 20-year-old regulation — applied. In the wake of the deadly blast in West, Texas, last month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration is investigating whether this claim was justified, an OSHA spokesperson said.
By claiming the exemption, the company became subject to other, less stringent requirements and avoided certain OSHA and Environmental Protection Agency rules.
West Chemical and Fertilizer did not respond to requests for comment.
The interlocking web of company-claimed exceptions has implications beyond a small town in Central Texas. Sites across a host of industries housing large amounts of dangerous chemicals could claim they sell primarily to end users and avoid stricter regulation, though the number of facilities invoking this exemption is unclear. A representative for a company storing toxic chlorine gas, for example, wrote to OSHA in 2005 to clarify that the exemption applied to the site.
“It's a major flaw,” said Bryan Haywood, an Ohio consultant who advises companies on the safe use of dangerous substances. “This incident's going to get a lot of people's interest into how people are squirming out of [stricter requirements].”
Closely related OSHA and EPA rules require facilities using large quantities of hazardous substances to take preventive steps and plan for accidents. West Chemical and Fertilizer had enough anhydrous ammonia — a chemical that attacks the eyes, skin and respiratory system — to require it to follow OSHA's Process Safety Management standard, issued more than two decades ago.
But the standard contains what is known as the “retail exemption.” The Fertilizer Institute spoke out in favor of the exemption while the rule was being developed. Soon after the rule became final, the institute asked OSHA to confirm that it would not apply to facilities that store and blend fertilizer and sell it primarily to end users, often farmers.
OSHA responded that a fertilizer facility could indeed avoid the strictures of the rule as long as more than half of the company's sales were to end users. OSHA, however, does not check on the validity of an exemption unless it inspects the site, an agency spokesperson confirmed.
The Fertilizer Institute said in a statement to the Center for Public Integrity that it agreed with OSHA when the agency concluded in 1992 that retail facilities “did not present the same degree of hazard to employees as other workplaces covered by the proposal.”
But the institute added, “While the cause of the West, Texas, explosion has yet to be determined, we will re-examine our stance if necessary when the report on the cause is made final.”
OSHA is also investigating whether the West plant was covered by a legislative rider that makes sites with fewer than 10 employees in industries with low reported injury rates off-limits for regular inspections, an agency spokesperson said. The site had not been inspected since 1985.
Invocation of the “retail exemption” can begin a chain reaction of less stringent standards. The EPA's program for designating the risk posed by a facility relies on, in part, on the site's standing with OSHA. The amount of anhydrous ammonia stored at West Chemical and Fertilizer normally would have placed the facility in the EPA category requiring extensive preventive measures and accident-response plans. But because the site claimed the OSHA exemption, it qualified for a “streamlined prevention program” under the EPA's Risk Management Plan program, known as RMP.
The agency said in a statement that it “reviewed the RMP from the facility to determine the RMP was complete and correct.” Asked whether it verified the basis for placing the site in a lower-risk category — its exemption from the OSHA rule based on its sales records — the EPA did not respond.
This EPA designation, along with the site's lack of a history of accidents or recent inspections, removed it from a list of facilities subject to an OSHA special inspection program targeting locations using large amounts of hazardous substances, such as anhydrous ammonia.
It is unclear how many facilities enjoy more relaxed regulation as a result of their self-designation as retailers, but Haywood said the number could be large. “A lot of these businesses like in West, Texas, they're everywhere,” they said. “They're in every small farming community in the country.”
Hello,
I thought I'd share a cool post by zeecrowddev, over at the "qt-fr forums":http://www.qtfr.org/viewtopic.php?id=16745 . They gave me their blessing beforehand, and would have done so themselves if their english was a bit better.
They built a Qml application for sharing various images and photos, using the Zeecrowd platform.
Reasons for doing it is because files are hosted and shared through a private and secure network,
meaning they are hidden from search engines, unlike several popular social networks (you probably already thought of one).
So it makes a case for sharing photos, particularly of one's children.
After uploading the photos on "ZcFolder":http://qt-project.org/forums/viewthread/38285/ , feedbacks came in. ZcFolder is not designed for sharing photos, but documents. It displays the file's names and not the content.
So they took it upon themselves to write a Qml application for this, which they conveniently named PhotoAlbum.
He's made the sources available for all on "GitHub":https://github.com/zeecrowddev/PhotoAlbum.
Here's what that looks like.
!http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-WyhT26prcAM/UzSjAZdepZI/AAAAAAAAAGM/45qfb_EVr8c/s1600/ScreenShot266.jpg(screeshot)!
As usual, if any of you would like to better the app, feel free to do so.
Best regards,
zeecrowddev & Pillow
MSP airport resumes normal operations after backpack tests positive for explosive materials
Updated: 3:02 p.m. | Posted: 2:02 p.m.
An unattended bag, which initially tested positive for explosive materials, shut down ticketing counters at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport for an hour and a half this afternoon.
The bag was left at a United Airlines scale. Transportation Security Administration agents swabbed it shortly after noon. The swab tested positive for explosives, so the airport shut down the northern half of the Terminal 1 ticket counters.
The city of Bloomington's bomb squad was called in and found that there were no explosives inside the bag.
Airport spokesperson Melissa Scovronski said,"We do not know why it tested positive, obviously there were no explosives in there. So we are looking into why that happened, who left it there and why they left it there."
The scene was cleared at about 2 p.m. and the airport resumed normal operations. The scare led to delays at ticket counters and at the airport drop-off and pick-up locations.
On September 29, Thunder fans everywhere had a collective sigh of relief as news broke that Russell Westbrook signed their Designated Player Extension and became a member of the Thunder until 2023. By signing the largest contract in NBA history, Westbrook locked themselves in as the face of the franchise for the foreseeable future and, at a price of 5 years and $205 million dollars, they also became a cornerstone of the cap sheet.
The Designated Player Extension (DPE) is new to the most recent CBA and Westbrook, along with James Harden, was grandfathered in to the rule. Under this extension, any player in their 8th or 9th NBA season who has either:
Earned All-NBA honors in 2 of the last 3 seasons; Won Defensive Player of the Year in the season prior or 2 of the prior 3 seasons; or Won NBA MVP any of the prior 3 seasons
Can extend for 5 years and 30 to 35 percent of the salary cap, with 8 percent raises each year. This contract structure gives the player a massive payday and also gives a franchise greater stability. While I would argue it's rarely a bad idea to lock a player eligible for the extension up, it does create some financial constraints, given the salary cap. My goal here is to get rid of a little bit of the confusion by showing some possible scenarios for the next few years and show what might happen. For this exercise, let's look at 4 scenarios:
Both Paul George and Carmelo Anthony leave next season — PG via free agency and Anthony opting out of their contract and leaving via free agency. Paul George leaves via free agency, but Anthony opts in to their final year. Both George and Anthony stay. George takes a max and Anthony opts in. George stays on a max contract and Anthony opts out for a longer term deal at lower yearly salary.
The Ground Rules
To begin, let's set some basics down. First, the salary cap has been set as an approximation for the 2018 season and a rough guesstimate for 2019 at $99 and $102 million dollars, respectively. The NBA uses a “soft cap,” which means that although those numbers are the limit for spending on outside free agents, teams may go over that number to retain their own players, but with some caveats. One of those caveats is to pay extra money if you go over the Luxury Tax Threshold, currently set at $20 million over the salary cap for the season (so $119 and $122 million). In addition to that, a team goes into what is referred to as “repeater status” if they are in the luxury tax in three of the previous four seasons. For reference, the Thunder were over the tax line in 2015 and 2016, but under in 2017, and with almost no way to get under the tax line in 2018. This means that, starting in 2019, they would be in repeater territory.
What are penalties for being over the tax threshold? You pay different amounts based on how far over you are, and if you are a repeater or not. The rates are as follows (per Larry Coon's CBA FAQ):
I won't go entirely into how much OKC will be paying into the tax each year right now but will show in the next few examples some of the implications on the team given the roster at hand. As well, there are some other restraints when a team is over the tax, such as a smaller Mid Level Exception and restrictions on sign and trades (See cbafaq.com for more details.) And so we begin...
Scenario 1: PG Signs a new max contract and Melo opts in
This scenario seems to be most likely if you think George sticks around past this year (personally I lean toward ‘no' at this point but think if they win enough they may stay). Since George has been in the league between 7 and 9 years, their maximum salary is 30 percent of the salary cap with 8 percent raises with their incumbent team, or 5 percent raises with a new team. Their contract would start at $30.6 million and escalate to about $41.6 by 2023. If they take this contract in OKC, assuming a player option their final year (most players do this and get it as it benefits them in the worst case scenario) the long term salary cap outlook is as follows:
As you can see, this sets the Thunder up to be well into the tax for the foreseeable future. The only way to get under that line is to shed at the very least Carmelo and probably another large salary (Steven Adams or Andre Roberson plus another smaller salary most likely). They would only be able to use the mid level exception or minimum salary contracts to fill out the roster other than rookie scale contracts, so development of youth would be essential to long-term competitiveness. Other than that, Presti would have to work with the roster at hand and pull a trade to hope for further improvement. It also would set the team up to be in repeater territory, something which no team ever (not even Prokorhov's Nets) have done. This scenario would be interested in that I don't see a way it remains tenable long term.
Scenario 2: George Leaves, Melo Opts In
This possibility seems a more likely to me, as Anthony isn't likely to see the money they get on their current contract again, while George to me still feels like he's more likely to leave than to stay. This give a bit more room to wiggle, but the team still remains well over the cap and still would only have the MLE and minimum salary to work with. However it does mean the team could get out of the tax sooner and may be more workable long term.
Scenario 3: George Stays, Anthony Opts Out and Re-Signs
One way this team could theoretically stick together and be a bit more workable is if someone takes a little less per year. To me this seems most likely to be Melo, as even though he's never going to see their $29 million salary from the 2019 season again, they could lock up more money long term by opting out of that one year and signing a contract with less money per year, but with more guaranteed years.
As an example here, I've set it at 4 years and $70 million (honestly I'm not terribly comfortable with this contract, but am I using it to show the numbers). If this happens, it looks at least as ugly as scenario one, and to me I'd almost prefer to find someone else to replace Anthony at this price. As good as the idea of the big three would be, I don't know if Anthony at their age is worth the risk at this price, and I'd prefer to retain the others first. Personally I have no interest in any scenario where Adams is traded for salary relief, and I know most here don't either. The outlook:
Obviously this is the scenario where the team has the cleanest cap sheet, but still remains high enough in overall salary to be essentially capped out. Even in this scenario, they're only about $8 million under the cap, and the cap space can't be combined with the Mid-Level Exception (MLE). Since the MLE is about that level of salary anyway, this doesn't really give any significant advantages in ability to sign players but does allow for flexibility under the tax line. It does obviously significantly downgrade the talent level, however.
***
Hopefully this has at least given some idea as to the difficulties the contracts on the current roster present. Given all possible scenarios, I'd almost prefer to see what this team can do and, in an ideal world, I'd like to see if George could be kept first and foremost. Their skillset seems to mesh the best with the roster at hand, and Presti will be tested in the next few years to work within the boundaries presented in the CBA for teams with this level of payroll.
Julie Hamilton has been jailed for two months Credit: West Midlands Police
A carer who systematically abused and deprived an elderly dementia patient of food has been jailed. Julie Hamilton from Willenhall, routinely cut corners, force fed the 88-year-old's meals in minutes to speed up visits, and often threw food away having falsely claimed to have served the dinners. Hamilton's neglect was exposed by a fellow carer who concealed a pin-hole camera inside an alarm clock positioned in the kitchen and lounge at the woman's home in Walsall, after they became concerned by the 88-year-old's dehydration.
Julie Hamilton abused their patient and force fed the 88-year-old's meals Credit: West Midlands Police
It showed the 53-year-old – who visited up to four times a week – barking orders like “open your mouth” when feeding the lady and giving them no time to swallow or digest food. At one stage they are heard to cry out in distress as Hamilton crams food in their mouth. Detectives examined 19 clips caught on the camera between May and June 2014.
Watch Julie Hamilton caught on camera below:
Other footage shows them opening a tin of soup and washing it down the sink before signing paperwork claiming she'd spent time feeding their patient; on that lunchtime visit they spent just three minutes in the house and didn't once check on the lady. And the clip shows Hamilton scoffing a cake they stole from a kitchen cupboard - an act they later defended in police interviews as a “perk of the job”.
Hamilton was charged with two counts of ill-treatment and wilful neglect between December 2013 and June 2014 and at Wolverhampton Crown Court and jailed for two months. Investigating officer, Detective Constable Karen Kirman from West Midlands Police's specialist Vulnerable Adult Protection Unit, said they were determined to get justice on behalf of the lady and their family.
Hamilton shows a complete lack of respect and humanity for a very vulnerable lady under their care; the only time they did their job, adopting a friendly, smiling demeanour, was when a doctor was also present. One of the films shows Hamilton shouting “open your mouth” to the lady while feeding them one-handed and watching the TV…and when they don't comply they tell them “well do without then” and walks off with the plate. At one stage the camera shows them smirking while they threw food away. This case illustrates two extremes of care: Hamilton who was callous and treated their patient as an inconvenience, compared to the whistle-blower who deeply cared for this lady and who uncovered the abuse. They cried when they saw the footage she'd recorded. There was no physical abuse in this case, no aggressive manhandling or assaults, but this was deliberate neglect and I'm pleased the seriousness of Hamilton's actions has been reflected in a term of imprisonment. – Detective Constable Karen Kirman, West Midlands Police
Hamilton immediately resigned their post on being shown the DVD…in a text message to care managers said how they were “disgusted with herself” and how they hoped “she doesn't tell everybody [sic]”. Martin Lindop, District Crown Prosecutor from West Midlands Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), said:
[1] The official seal of the League for Spiritual Discovery, "a mandala - the end-less circle circumscribing a four-leaf lotus made by the double infinity sign."
League for Spiritual Discovery (LSD) was a spiritual organization inspired by the works of Timothy Leary, and strove for legal use of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) for the purpose of meditation, insight, and spiritual understanding. It was in existence during the mid-to-late 1960s, and eventually closed by Leary. The New York Center for the League of Spiritual Discovery, in existence for around a year, was co-founded by Timothy Leary and Nina Graboi in 1966. The center was the first LSD-based meditation center in Manhattan.[2][3]
Origins [ edit ]
Timothy Leary and Richard Alpert were psychedelic researchers at Harvard University in the Psychology Department during the early 1960s.[4][5] In 1962 Leary set up a grassroots nonprofit group with Alpert (later known as Ram Dass) called the International Federation for Internal Freedom (IFIF), in order to carry out studies in the religious use of psychedelic drugs.[6][7] IFIF was subsequently disbanded and renamed the Castalia Foundation (after the intellectual colony in Herman Hesse's The Glass Bead Game), when Leary and Alpert set up a communal group in 1963 at the Hitchcock Estate in Millbrook, New York.[8][9][10][11] Leary and Alpert lived and worked at the Millbrook estate with a small group devoted to the exploration of consciousness-expanding drugs.[8][12] The group's journal was the Psychedelic Review.
The Castalia Foundation hosted weekend retreats on the estate where people paid to undergo the psychedelic experience without drugs, through meditation, yoga, and group therapy sessions.[10] The Castalia Foundation adopted some of the mystic teachings of Gurjieff for their non-drug workshops.[11] During 1965 Castalia Foundation members collaborated with artists, including the media art collective USCO (The Company of US), to reproduce the LSD experience in improvised audio-visual psychedelic shows in Manhattan.[12][13]
The origins of the League for Spiritual Discovery can also be found in the Original Kleptonian Neo-American Church, whose clergy members administered sacraments in the form of psychedelic drugs.[8][14] The church was founded in 1965 by Arthur Kleps, a participant in Leary's circle at Millbrook.[14] The Millbrook residents were a tight-knit group whose goal was to discover and cultivate the divinity within each person, and they regularly took high doses of LSD in group sessions.[9]
Leary was arrested in December 1965 for possession of marijuana.[15][16]
History [ edit ]
On September 19, 1966, Leary reorganized the IFIF/Castalia Foundation under the nomenclature of the League for Spiritual Discovery, a religion with LSD as its holy sacrament.[10] By doing this, they hoped to legalize LSD based on a "freedom of religion" argument.[17][18] They were influenced by the Native American Church's historical peyote use.[13] The League for Spiritual Discovery was incorporated by Leary as a religious organization in New York State.[10][19] Leary's goal was to create a new concept of religion based on their communal experiences at Millbrook, in which people with shared spiritual goals came together to expand consciousness. The organization was also referred to as the League of Spiritual Discovery.[8] Anyone at Millbrook could read publications such as Leary's Psychedelic Prayers (a book of poems inspired by the Tao Te Ching meant to be used as an aid to LSD trips), and underground newspapers to which the group subscribed.[8]
The League for Spiritual Discovery's belief structure was based on Leary's mantra: "drop out, turn on, tune in." Though the more popular "turn on, tune in, drop out" became synonymous with Leary, their actual definition was: "Drop Out – detach yourself from the external social drama which is as dehydrated and ersatz as TV. Turn On – find a sacrament which returns you to the temple of God, your own body. Go out of your mind. Get high. Tune In – be reborn. Drop back in to express it. Start a new sequence of behavior that reflects your vision."[10] Although The Brotherhood of Eternal Love would subsequently consider Leary their spiritual leader, The Brotherhood did not evolve out of the League for Spiritual Discovery. The motto of the group, "Turn on, tune in, drop out"[20] became synonymous with the sixties.
Nicholas Sand, the clandestine chemist for the Brotherhood of Eternal Love, followed Leary to Millbrook and joined the League for Spiritual Discovery. Sand was designated the "alchemist" of the new religion.[21] Owsley Stanley encouraged Sand to shift their operations to California, and offered them the services of their lab partner, Tim Scully. There Sand and Scully manufactured Orange Sunshine LSD - their history is documented in the documentary The Sunshine Makers.[21]
On October 6, 1966, LSD was made illegal in the state of California. Later, on October 24, 1968, LSD was added to the list of Schedule 1 substances, which made it illegal to possess, manufacture, or use for any purpose in the United States.[22][23]
At the end of 1966, Nina Graboi, a friend and colleague of Leary's who had spent time with them at Millbrook, became the director of the Center for the League of Spiritual Discovery in Greenwich Village.[24][25] The Center opened in March 1967.[26] Graboi explained "The League of Spiritual Discovery had only two commandments: Thou shalt not alter the consciousness of thy fellow man, and Thou shalt not prevent thy fellow man from altering their own consciousness."[27][28] Graboi accepted the position as director to disseminate information about the use and misuse of psychedelics, in order to minimize their ill effects.[24] Leary thought their work together could educate people about the constructive use of LSD, as well as serve as a rescue center.[19][29] Leary and Alpert gave free weekly talks at the center, and other guest speakers included Ralph Metzner and Allen Ginsberg.[24][29]
During late 1966 and early 1967, Leary toured college campuses to spread the psychedelic gospel by presenting a multi-media performance called "The Death of the Mind" which attempted to artistically replicate the LSD experience.[8][30] It had initially opened at a theater that became the location for the Fillmore East.[30] Leary said the League for Spiritual Discovery was limited to 360 members and was already at its membership limit, but they encouraged others to form their own psychedelic religions. They published a pamphlet in 1967 called Start Your Own Religion to encourage people to do so.[8]
At the end of 1967, Leary was evicted from the Millbrook estate, and shortly thereafter moved to Laguna Beach, California after Rosemary Leary became their third wife.[10][31] They were arrested on December 26, 1968 in Laguna Beach for possession of marijuana. In 1970, Leary received a ten-year sentence for the marijuana arrest. They escaped from prison with help from the Weather Underground and Black Panthers, but was arrested again in 1973. They were released from prison in 1976.[32]
Around end of 1967/early 1968 the League for Spiritual Discovery was closed down, and the New York Center for the League of Spiritual Discovery was abandoned shortly after Graboi left their position as director.[33]
Leary's papers at the New York Public Library include complete records of the International Federation for Internal Freedom, the Castalia Foundation, and the League for Spiritual Discovery.[4]
Reborn [ edit ]
In October 2006, the League for Spiritual Discovery was restarted, taking all of the original intents of the prior organization as a foundation, but updating the message and expanding the work.
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A bipartisan group of U.S. senators will introduce legislation on Tuesday that would require utilities to generate minimum levels of power from clean energy like wind and solar, after such a measure was stripped from a broader oil-spill bill in July.
Senators Jeff Bingaman, a Democrat who heads the Senate energy committee, and Sam Brownback, a Republican, will unveil the standalone bill in the afternoon.
“I think that the votes are present in the Senate to pass a renewable electricity standard,” Bingaman said in a release. “I think that we need to get on with figuring out what we can pass and move forward.”
Bingaman's office said Senators Sue Collins, a Republican, and Byron Dorgan and Tom Udall, both Democrats, would attend Tuesday's conference unveiling the bill.
In July, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid removed climate measures from the energy bill, saying they could get no Republican votes. Democrats from some states in the Midwest and South that lack strong solar and wind resources had also opposed the measure.
A month later, Reid said they hoped the renewable electricity standard could be added back to the energy bill and be passed in a lame-duck session after the November 2 congressional elections because lawmakers may feel more free to vote for such a program.
A congressional staffer told Reuters on Monday that the standalone bill would be similar to one that passed last year in Bingaman's energy committee, but did not elaborate.
The new bill would set a 15 percent renewable target by 2021 and allow states to meet up to a quarter of the target through energy-efficiency measures.
The staffer said the bill would require utilities to start the program in 2012 and new hydrogen power would count as a renewable fuel. New nuclear power would not count toward the mandate.
Last year, the House of Representatives had approved a similar measure requiring 15 percent renewable power by 2020.
The Energy Department's National Renewable Energy Laboratory said this year that wind energy could generate 20 percent of the power needed by households and businesses in the eastern half of the United States by 2024, but would require up to $90 billion in investment.
Canada is ready to play hard ball with President Trump.
Canadian leaders are pushing back after the Trump administration slapped 20% tariffs Monday night on Canadian lumber, along with individual tariffs on five specific firms that ranged from 3% to 24%.
"When it comes to defending Canada's economic interests, we're going to play hard," Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland told CNN Tuesday.
Freeland's sharp reminder: We like to be nice, but don't mess with us.
"We're nice guys: Politeness is something we believe is a national virtue, but it's not an accident that hockey is our national sport," Freeland noted.
President Trump separately told reporters he's not afraid of a trade war with Canada: "We have massive trade deficits. So when we're the country with the deficits, we have no fear."
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross also said Tuesday at the White House that Canada wasn't being a "good neighbor," alleging it was selling lumber at unfair prices.
"Things like this I don't regard as being a good neighbor, dumping lumber," Ross said, referring to the practice of selling a product at prices competitors can't sell at. Ross emphasized Canada is overall an important ally to the US.
Related: Trump slaps 20% tariff on Canadian lumber
Ross alleged that Canada was subsidizing its lumber companies to allow them to sell the product into the US market at low prices.
Freeland firmly denied that. They also argued that since much of the Canadian lumber goes towards building homes in the US, the tariffs would cause home prices to go up $3,000 to $4,000.
"The big losers in the softwood lumber dispute are American consumers," Freeland argued. "This is going to cost middle-class Americans who want to buy a house a lot of money."
Ross dismissed the idea that US home prices would go up solely as a result of lumber tariffs, saying that the total cost of a home depends much more on the land than the product used to build the home.
Freeland stopped short of saying Canada would retaliate with new tariffs against US exports to Canada. Instead, they pointed out that Canada has won every court case on lumber against the US, suggesting the tariffs would be challenged in court.
The Trump administration's surprise decision to slap tariffs on Canadian lumber reopens a decades-long trade dispute between the two countries. US lumber companies have accused their Canadian counterparts of receiving government subsidies and dumping lumber into the US market -- much of which goes towards building homes.
Related: Who knew Trump would go after Canada
US tariffs on Canadian lumber aren't new. President George W. Bush and President Obama both put temporary tariffs on Canadian lumber.
However, the World Trade Organization sided with Canada in 2004, ruling that it wasn't trading unfairly.
Trump's team chose to hit Canada with tariffs after talks failed to make it easier for US dairy farmers to sell into Canada. US dairy exports face Canadian tariffs of around 300%.
A Canadian government spokesperson stressed that it hadn't changed its policies regarding imports of US dairy. Those tariffs have been in place for decades and are not new.
The trade tensions this week are over a tiny portion of the US-Canada trade relationship. Canadian lumber exports to the US make up only 2% of the country's total shipments to the US. And American dairy exports make up less than 1% of total US exports to Canada, according to Freeland.
Trump's lumber tariffs come just months before the US, Canada and Mexico are expected to come to the table to renegotiate NAFTA, the free trade agreement.
The officials alleged that the agents had charged Rs 25- 30 lakh from their parents (File)
Highlights The teenagers are from Punjab, Haryana and Delhi They were taken to France in the garb of giving rugby coaching CBI today carried out searches in connection to the case
The CBI has registered an FIR after 22 minors from Punjab, Haryana and Delhi were illegally taken to France by three travel agents last year in the garb of giving them rugby coaching and went missing, agency officials said here today.The agency today carried out searches at the premises of the travel agents -- Faridabad-based Lalit David Dean and Delhi-based Sanjeev Roy and Varun Choudhary -- from where documents were seized, they said.The officials alleged that the agents had charged Rs 25- 30 lakh from the parents of each of the minors for sending them abroad.In their visa application, the agents had shown that the 25 children in the age group of 13-18 years were going to attend a rugby training camp in Paris, they said."A group of 25 students shown as students of two Kapurthala (Punjab)-based schools led by private persons (travel agents) embarked at Delhi airport for Paris to participate in a rugby training camp on the basis of alleged invitation received from the French Federation, Paris," CBI Spokesperson Abhishek Dayal said.He said all of them visited Paris and, thereafter, the said 25 students also attended a rugby training camp there for about a week.Mr Dayal said in between, the travel agents cancelled their return tickets but before that two children, anticipating something wrong, returned to India.The minors, who were left behind, were allegedly dumped in a local gurudwara and went missing, CBI officials said.One of them was arrested by the French police which referred the matter to the Interpol, they said, adding the Interpol intimated the CBI.After getting the information, the agency conducted a preliminary enquiry and registered an FIR, they said. The officials said the CBI will soon contact the parents and also collect information if any missing person complaint was registered.
In an effort to reduce loading times for 3rd party watch apps, for a page-based interface, Apple has changed the calling pattern for willActivate() and didDeactivate() . In essence, watchOS will more aggressively call willActivate() on your WKInterfaceController even if it is not visible to cache the view so it can be displayed immediately when you swipe over to it.
While this is effective in reducing loading spinners that users will see, it can cause bugs based on some common assumptions that developers might make.
Let's first take a moment to understand deeply the change in the calling pattern.
In watchOS 1.0, Apple would call willActivate() only just before the page is visible, and didActivate() only just as the page is losing visibility. This pattern could occur if the watch is going to sleep, or transitions between interface controllers.
Here's a trace of a page-based interface with 5 interface controllers.
WatchOS 1.0 Life Cycle
Goichi Suda breaks the hearts of countless Wii owners, suggesting that once No More Heroes 2: Desperate Struggle is finished, the franchise will leave the platform behind.
While No More Heroes and its star Travis Touchdown have captured the hearts of many fans on the Nintendo Wii, Suda's ambition might just be too big for the platform. Once the sequel hits store shelves in early 2010, it could be curtains for the Wii franchise.
"I think ['No More Heroes 2'] is the last ‘NMH' that is going to be developed on the Wii. To expand ‘NMH' to new possibilities, we need a new platform. Wii is a great platform, but we've done everything we can with it now."
While disappointing news for Wii owners, it is a move that makes sound business sense. Despite an excellent reception, the first No More Heroes didn't exactly fly off store shelves. One would imagine that a mature title with the charm of NMH would do amazingly well on the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, or even the iPhone.
Where would you folks like to see No More Heroes go next?
No More Heroes Will "Need A New Platform" [Edge Online via MTV Multiplayer]
Attorney General Jeff Sessions makes a statement at the Justice Department in Washington, Tuesday, Sept. 5, 2017, on President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA program, which has provided nearly 800,000 young immigrants a reprieve from deportation and the ability to work legally in the United States. Associated Press/Susan Walsh
Attorney General Jeff Sessions floated the idea of putting the whole National Security Council through lie detector tests to scope out who leaked information about President Donald Trump's conversations with foreign leaders, Axios reported on Sunday.
Sources familiar with the matter told the news website that Sessions reportedly wants to administer a "one-time, one-issue" polygraph test to every one of the over 100 members of the NSC to narrow down possible suspects.
The attorney general is reportedly zeroing in on the leaked information about Trump's phone call with Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto and Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull because only a small circle of people would have had access to transcripts of the phone calls.
During their contentious conversation with the Mexican leader, Trump asked them to stop publicly saying that Mexico would not pay for the border wall Trump wants to build across the US' southern border. The wall, as well as Trump's promise that Mexico would finance it, was a core pillar of their campaign.
"You cannot say that to the press," Trump said in the call, adding that the funding "will work out in the formula somehow" and "will come out in the wash, and that is OK."
When they spoke to Australian prime minister and staunch US ally Malcolm Turnbull, Trump grew heated over the prospect of accepting 1,250 refugees housed by Australia, a deal that was agreed to by former President Barack Obama. Trump told Turnbull their conversation was "the most unpleasant call all day."
"Putin was a pleasant call," Trump said later in the conversation. "This is ridiculous."
The transcripts of the phone calls were published by The Washington Post in early August.
Sessions' alleged proposal about administering lie detector tests indicates that he's taking the issue of leaking seriously, and they announced a new initiative to that effect in August. During a widely-publicized press conference, Sessions told reporters that the Department of Justice was reviewing its policies on subpoenaing reporters in investigations of information leaks, a move that could compel journalists to break agreements to conceal a source's identity or face legal consequences.
Though polygraph tests have been frequently used in the past, there is little evidence to suggest that their results are consistent and reliable.
WATERVILLE — Waterville Police Chief Joseph Massey said police do not know why a naked, crying woman crawled into a sewer pipe emerging from a cliff 25 feet above the Kennebec River on Sunday morning.
Massey said the 24-year-old Clinton woman was transported to MaineGeneral Medical Center Thayer Campus after Waterville Fire Department rescue personnel rappelled 10 feet down a cliff and pulled them from the pipe emptying into the river.
“We don't know why they were down there,” said Massey about the woman they described as incoherent.
Massey said they did not know if the woman had ingested a new synthetic hallucinogenic drug known as bath salts; they did say their behavior was indicative of a person high on the new synthetic hallucinogenic drug.
“It was an unusual call. People don't run around naked in the daytime. The officers in the fire department did a great job getting to her.”
Massey said about 9:55 a.m. Sunday, an employee at Maine Central Railroad reported a naked woman had run through the railyard on College Avenue toward the river.
Police, said Massey, searched the area, including a 35-foot cliff next to the river.
Massey said one officer heard crying and determined the noise was coming from a large sewer pipe which protruded about 10 feet below the top of the cliff.
“She had climbed down a sheer cliff, which was quite a feat,” said Massey. “She had gotten their feet into the sewer pipe and gotten themselves in without falling. There was water running out of the sewer pipe.”
Earlier this month, Gov. Paul LePage signed emergency legislation which banned the drug bath salts, which can cause agitation, paranoia, hallucinations and suicidal thoughts.
Beth Staples — 861-9252
[email protected]
Share
That figure is on top of the 85,570 similar cameras that it has bought in the past three years, with the total cost running to more than £6.22 million, according to South Korea's Chosun Ilbo newspaper.
Citing Chinese export statistics on its trade with North Korea, the paper quoted analysts as saying that many of the cameras are being positioned at key points along the long border the two nations share in order to detect and capture would-be defectors from the North.
The new regime of Kim Jong-un has carried out a crackdown on people hoping to escape their repressive homeland, as well as anyone uses a mobile phone to communicate across the border and smugglers bringing in banned newspapers, books and recordings of television programmes that show the lives of people in prosperous South Korea.
"All surveillance equipment there has something to do with the regime's attempt to tighten its control over society," a South Korea government official told the paper.
Evidence that North Korea is tightening its control on the lives of the people coincides with a new report by the United Nations high commissioner for human rights that concludes with a request that an international investigation be carried out into Pyongyang's "deplorable" record on its citizens' rights.
Lead 3D Character Animator
Counterplay Games is looking for an exceptionally skilled 3D Lead Character Animator to animate both human and non-humanoid 3D characters for our next PC and Console AAA video game developed in Unreal Engine 4.
Our next game is heavily combat-focused, so the ideal candidate must adore hardcore 3D action combat games.
Responsibilities:
Create combat animations for characters, creatures, bosses, and other assets
Hand animate and/or work with mo-cap animation data
Establish and drive forward the vision for the animation team, pushing the dynamic limits of weight, anticipation, and impact
Pluses:
Experience with shipping a title in Unreal Engine 4
A minimum of 2 years experience in game development animating characters using 3DS Max and/or Maya
Exceptional skills in animating the human bipedal figure as well as other organic forms, including quadrupeds, and monsters
A passion for film, animation, and video games
Art Skills: 2D animation, illustration, modeling, and texturing
Technical Skills: Rigging, Scripting, FX and particle animation
Fans of: Bloodborne, Dark Souls, Nioh, Devil May Cry, and Ninja Gaiden
Please send a short introduction, subject header for the position, demo reel, and a link to your past work to: jobs@counterplay.co
5:03PM: The trade is official, as per a Dodgers press release.
4:23PM: The Orioles are close to acquiring left-hander Vidal Nuno from the Dodgers in exchange for minor league right-hander Ryan Moseley, reports Eduardo A. Encina of the Baltimore Sun.
If Baltimore does acquire Nuno, it would be the second trade involving the 29-year-old in the past three-plus months. The Dodgers previously sent catcher Carlos Ruiz to the Mariners in November for Nuno, who has three years of club control remaining and will make a paltry $1.125MM in 2017. The swingman would provide the Orioles someone with extensive experience as both a starter and reliever – something they lost when Vance Worley departed in free agency – and perhaps push out-of-options southpaw T.J. McFarland off their roster.
In stints with the Yankees, Diamondbacks and M's, the soft-tossing Nuno has combined for 126 appearances (42 starts) of 4.02 ERA pitching with 7.38 K/9 against 2.32 BB/9. They have been particularly tough on left-handed hitters, having held them to a .217/.285/.356 line, while righties have slashed .270/.320/.479. Nuno's currently coming off a two-year stretch in which they recorded a 3.66 ERA, 8.05 K/9 and 2.01 BB/9 over 147 2/3 innings, though they generated ground balls at just a 39.7 percent clip.
The Orioles will have to create 40-man roster space for Nuno, Encina notes, while Ken Gurnick of MLB.com tweets that dealing the pitcher will enable the Dodgers to open up a spot for newly signed outfielder Franklin Gutierrez. They'll also pick up the 22-year-old Moseley, whom the Orioles selected in the eighth round of last June's draft. Moseley disappointed in 2016 at Texas Tech, per Baseball America (subscription required/recommended), which lists a “power-reliever future” as the best-case scenario for the 6-foot-1, 190-pounder. Moseley debuted professionally in short-season ball last year and registered a 3.20 ERA, 8.24 K/9 and 4.12 BB/9 in 19 2/3 innings.
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
Former Republican party presidential candidate Governor Rick Perry speaks during a pro-life event called 'Treasure Life' at the Tampa Aquarium in Tampa, Florida on August 28, 2012. The Republican National Coalition for Life and FRC Action's event, 'Treasure Life,' honored the pro-life contributions of the former Republican party presidential candidates Sen. Rick Santorum, Rep. Michele Bachmann and Gov. Rick Perry for their advocacy for every stage of life, from conception to natural death. AFP PHOTO/MLADEN ANTONOV (Photo credit should read MLADEN ANTONOV/AFP/GettyImages)
By Corrie MacLaggan
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct 25 (Reuters) - A federal appeals court declined on Thursday to reconsider a ruling that would allow Texas to withhold funding for women's healthcare from Planned Parenthood's clinics because the organization also performs abortions.
Texas Governor Rick Perry said after the order by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans that the state would immediately stop paying program participants that are affiliates of abortion providers.
"Today's ruling affirms yet again that in Texas the Women's Health Program has no obligation to fund Planned Parenthood and other organizations that perform or promote abortion," the Republican governor said in a statement. "In Texas we choose life, and we will immediately begin defunding all abortion affiliates to honor and uphold that choice."
A three-judge panel of the appeals court ruled in August that Texas may exclude groups affiliated with abortion providers from the Women's Health Program, which provides cancer screenings, birth control and other health services to more than 100,000 low-income Texas women.
In a filing with the court in September, Planned Parenthood asked the full court to rehear the matter, saying the rule violates its First Amendment rights to speech and association.
Planned Parenthood said on Thursday that further consideration by the full court was needed to protect women's access to preventive health care like breast and cervical cancer screenings and birth control.
"Politics should never come between a woman and their health care, but in this decision, which conflicts with Supreme Court precedent, it appears it has," Kenneth S. Lambrecht, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas, said in a statement.
Lambrecht added that Planned Parenthood was evaluating its options but didn't say how the group would proceed. Options include appealing to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The case could proceed to trial in U.S. district court in Austin, where a trial had been postponed in part because the appeals court was considering the matter.
OTHER FACILITIES TO ABSORB PATIENTS
The federal government, which pays for 90 percent of the $39 million-a-year program, has said it will not renew the funding because Texas decided to enforce a law that had been on the books for several years barring funding for abortion providers and affiliates.
Texas is creating its own program for the women using state funds. It is set to begin Nov. 1.
The state's health and human services chief said last week that the program would shut down if Planned Parenthood were allowed to continue participating.
Planned Parenthood says it does not provide abortions at clinics that participate in the program. The state objects to the family planning group's affiliation with clinics that do provide abortions.
Planned Parenthood says it serves nearly half of the women in the program. A study released this month by the George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services raised questions about whether other facilities would be able to absorb the patients now served by Planned Parenthood.
7:45 PM EST As there are no more proceedings in the trial this week, it is important to make a couple of notes. First, thanks to my assistant, Jeff, who has been helping me keep this space updated during the week.
Thank you to the Freedom of the Press Foundation for the grant. I was able to stay in a hotel nearby Fort Meade and it helped ensure I would not be too tired to keep up with the pace of proceedings.
And, I must note that the book I co-authored with Greg Mitchell, Truth & Consequences: The US v. Bradley Manning, was updated. Mitchell has also been live-blogging the Manning trial, referencing the work I am doing here at Firedoglake often.
3:45 PM EST Bradley Manning was tasked to do a “trend analysis” of the military incident reports from Iraq (Iraq War Logs). Cpt. Casey Fulton said this was to show if there had been an increase or decrease in these reports over time. Manning downloaded all these military incident reports—what have been referred to in the trial as “SigActs” (significant action reports). They used an Excel spreadsheet to organize.
The organized spreadsheet identified what type the “SigAct” was – if it was enemy engagement or a civiliana death.
This would go to the allegations by the prosecution that they had unauthorized possession of this database. If a superior officer gave them a job to do, they had to download the database. They were given no order to delete the contents of the database from their computer after the analysis.
3:40 PM EST Cpt. Casey Fulton was the second witness to testify that there was no “prohibition” or anything to discourage “surfing” the SIPRNet—the secret network with government information. If it was in “the realm of professional development,” it would be fine.
Fulton added that “enemy threat groups” are “global” and, “although we have a mission specific we should be focused on, for professional development they could learn about other enemy threat groups.”
3:20 PM EST Cpt. Casey Fulton, who was a head of the intelligence section where Manning worked, testified. Defense managed to get in a good line of questioning about whether Fulton had any “actual knowledge as to what websites enemies went to get information” or any “particular website where enemies” might go. They said “general knowledge that it's all sorts of websites.” Coombs followed up: “Any actual knowledge as to which websites?” They said soldiers were frequently briefed on social networking sites like Facebook and Google Maps.
None of the websites were, most importantly, WikiLeaks.
3:15 PM EST Court is now in recess for the rest of the week. Proceedings will resume next week on Monday at 9:30 AM ET. I'll add a few more updates here before leaving Fort Meade.
2:30 PM EST Manning apparently had access to a copy of a list of “high-value targets.” Wonder why that was never disclosed to WikiLeaks? Perhaps, because they knew releasing that information would, in fact, aid enemies?
2:25 PM EST Information that officers were receiving to go after high-value targets, according to Chief Warrant Officer 3 Hondo Hack, was not what superior officers were looking for in most cases. Staff. Sgt. Balonek was not doing a good job of giving information. The “targeting effort” was just “not being supported,” Hack confirmed. Analysts were being pushed to provide relevant information.
The judge interrupted here and asked about the line of questioning because “this isn't a dereliction of duty” case. Coombs said they thought prosecutors were arguing that “somehow Manning was derelict in their duties because they were somehow working for WikiLeaks.” The judge asked if this were true and the government admitted that it was partially so Coombs proceeded to finish their line of questioning.
2:20 PM EST Chief Warrant Officer 3 Hondo Hack testified. The government was trying to show Manning was “derelict” in their duties because they were supposed to be giving information on high-value targets that were on a list. But, when the defense cross-examined Hack, it became clear that Manning had not been any worse than the other officers in their unit. In fact, the whole section was doing a terrible job of providing intelligence that could be used for operations to go after high-value targets.
1:25 PM EST Chief Warrant Officer 1 Kyle Balonek testified. The prosecutors wanted them to answer questions about having soldiers sign non-disclosure agreements because they had served as personnel security manager and that was part of their job. They were involved in putting together intelligence “products” or reports that involved analyzing the database of military incident reports from Iraq that Manning confessed to disclosing.
12:35 PM EST Though mostly in line with what they said during the Article 32 hearing in December 2011, Showman said that when CWO3 Hondo Hack had their watch the Apache video released as “Collateral Murder” by WikiLeaks they did not discuss where the actions of the crew were “appropriate.” They talked about whether person targeted (and ultimately wounded and killed) was carrying a camera or an RPG.
12:30 PM EST We're on lunch recess. Showman testified. They told Maj. Ashden Fein, when asked about safeguarding information on SIPRNet (the network containing secret government information, “We treated it like the sensitive material it was.” They signed non-disclosure agreements. They had information training at Ft. Watuka, Arizona, just like Manning.
The prosecution believes that by showing all the procedures their fellow officers went through it will prove they had “knowledge” not to disclose the information on to the Internet.
Original Post
The trial of Pfc. Bradley Manning, who faces charges stemming from the release of classified information to WikiLeaks, continues in a military courtroom at Fort Meade, Maryland.
Former military specialist Jihrleah Showman, who was an immediate supervisor of Manning, will testify first this morning. Then, the prosecutors will have Chief Warrant Officer 2 Kyle Balonek, senior intelligence analyst within the unit, and Chief Warrant Officer 3 Hondo Hack, who was a targeting officer in the unit, and Cpt. Casey Fulton, an officer who was in charge of the intelligence section of Manning's squad, will testify.
The judge has decided that the court will be in recess after today until Monday, June 10. Witness testimony has not taken as long as expected.
The crowd-funded stenographer from Freedom of the Press Foundation (FPF) is here again. Transcripts are going up on the website for FPF.
After a first day when a military prosecutor said in court that over 350 requests from the press for credentials were received from media organizations intent on covering proceedings and only 70 received credentials, we are down to less than 20 reporters in the media center.
Check back for updates at the top of the post throughout the day.
The first computer to use integrated circuits was the Block I, a model of which is shown here. Courtesy: Smithsonian Institution.
Integrated circuits (ICs) helped create the computer industry by providing users with more speed and functionality. But the relationship between computer users and computer manufacturers is symbiotic: the needs and demands of customers also spur the acceleration of new IC designs. Engineers often turn to IC designers seeking a new product that can help them achieve the goals of their own programs. Two examples of this are the U.S space program and the U.S Minuteman missile system.
The first spacecraft of the Mercury series, which were launched in the late 1950s, had no computers on them at all. By the mid-1960s, burgeoning computer technology was advanced enough to equip Mercury with its own on-board digital computer, which was used for navigation purposes. By the early 1960s, with the “Space Race” in full swing, scientists, engineers, and politicians set their sites on the moon. The planning of the Apollo missions, as they were known, coincided with the appearance of the IC.
An early launch of a Minuteman Missile. Courtesy: Boeing
As they went to work designing the first Apollo computer, engineers saw the IC as a way to reduce the size and weight of an on-board computer. The task of designing the computer was given to engineers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 1962, engineers decided to substitute ICs for individual transistors. To suit the special needs of the mission, MIT specified its own IC “logic gate” with three transistors and four resistors. About 5000 of these chips were needed to construct the flight computer. This advancement shook up the IC industry because, at the time, MIT purchased as much as 30% of the total world output of ICs for this single project. Two IC-based computers were designed, the Block I for the unmanned test missions, and the improved Block II for the manned launches. By the time of the 1969 moon mission the Block II was already obsolete because of rapid advances in IC technology. However, the project remained important because it was the first time that an IC computer had gone into space, and because it had given the integrated circuit industry a boost at an important stage in its development. The space program's demand for improved ICs had another consequence: the high demand for ICs drove down the price. Early ICs were much more expensive than circuits made from individual transistors, with the first chips costing about $1000 each in 1960. By 1963, demand created by the Apollo program had driven the price down to about $25. This helped other industries find applications for ICs, and use of the technology spread.
While the relationship between rocket technology and ICs would remain strong, another key project that created demand for ICs and therefore spurred the widespread use of chips was the United State's Minuteman missile program. The Minuteman missile program began in the early 1960s as part of the Cold War nuclear arms build-up. A Minuteman missile is an intercontinental ballistic missile or ICBM, which means it is shot into outer space and then falls to earth. Minuteman missiles could be guided to their targets from earth stations or aircraft, but engineers wanted a design that would have an on-board navigational computer. To do so, they turned to the new technology of ICs. Because hundreds of missiles would be made, each using thousands of chips, the program's demand for ICs was high. Like the demands made by NASA, this meant that certain chips would have to be mass-produced. Engineers met this need and by 1964 Texas Instruments successfully tested a navigational computer based on a set of ICs. While not the only uses for ICs in these years, the guaranteed market and premium prices paid by the NASA and military in the early days of the IC were decisive factors in ensuring the success of this new technology, and led toward mass-produced, low-cost chips for personal computers and other systems.
Alberto Morpurgo and their team of researchers at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands recently attached a micrometer-thick crystal of an organic polymer to a similarly thin organic crystal of a second polymer creating a thin but strongly conducting channel along the junction that acts like a metal. The discovery could lead to a whole new way of making electronics from non-metallic materials, and even new superconductors.
Dr Alberto Morpurgo
(Credit: TU Delft's Kavli
Institute of Nanoscience)
The thin, flexible crystals which conform to each other's shape and stick together due to van der Waals forces are both electrical insulators. Morpurgo's team found that a 2-nanometre-thick strip along the interface between the two crystals conducts electricity as well as a metal. While it was known that a blend of the two materials could conduct electricity, but it does so relatively poorly.
The two materials are physically unchanged when laid side-by-side, but the way electrons behave is subtly altered along the interface where the different materials are in close proximity. Because the two plastics become more insulating at lower temperatures, during testing the combined materials were cooled down, expecting the odd behavior to disappear.Surprisingly, the interface became a better conductor, just as metals offer less resistance to electricity when they are cooled.
While electrons inside each of the materials are usually unable to travel freely Morpurgo thinks that molecules at the interface are able to jump over to vacant spaces known as “holes”, so that they can travel freely, allowing current to flow. “Such an electron-hole system is really something new and it may have interesting electronic properties,” Morpurgo says.
This new interface conducts electricity much better than standard semiconductors and has the power to create new effects, from magnetism to superconductivity.
TFOT recently covered a method to self-assemble metals into complex configurations as well as a new material which is as tough as metal but stretchy and light.
More about the new conducting plastic can be found on the Delft University of Technology website.
New Zealand Prime Minister-elect Jacinda Ardern says overseas buyers will no longer be allowed to purchase existing homes in a bid to tackle soaring property prices (AFP Photo/Marty MELVILLE)
Wellington (AFP) - Overseas buyers will no longer be allowed to purchase existing homes in New Zealand, Prime Minister-elect Jacinda Ardern said Tuesday, as they unveiled a raft of policy deals made with their coalition partners.
The move to tackle soaring property prices was agreed during lengthy negotiations between the Labour Party leader and populist powerbroker Winston Peters to form a new government that also includes the Green Party.
Ardern announced plans to slash immigration and focus on regional development and job creation.
"We have agreed on banning the purchase of existing homes by foreign buyers," they said, specifying that the new rules only applied to non-residents.
"(We) also have plans around farmland and other critical infrastructure," they added.
Anti-immigration campaigner Peters, whose support was crucial for Ardern to form a ruling coalition in the 120-seat parliament, said a message has been sent that New Zealand was "no longer for sale".
The New Zealand First (NZF) leader -- set to be deputy PM and foreign minister in the new government -- ended weeks of negotiations when they confirmed last week they would use their party's nine seats to ensure a Labour, NZF and Green coalition with a three-seat majority.
"There is going to be a change and a clear signal sent internationally that New Zealand is no longer for sale in the way it has been. We're happy with that," they said.
Foreign ownership and a housing shortage in New Zealand's larger cities were prominent issues in the lead-up to the September 23 election, which brought an end to nine years of rule by the conservative National Party.
Ardern, who campaigned on social issues including housing affordability and improved healthcare, has described capitalism as a "blatant failure" when it came to putting a roof over the heads of the poor.
The 37-year-old said priorities for their new government would include raising the minimum wage, environmental issues and tackling homelessness and child poverty.
"You'll see a reduction in inequalities," they said.
#10 The Postman Always Rings Twice
The client MUST NOT use the authorization code more than once. If an authorization code is used more than once, the authorization server MUST deny the request and SHOULD revoke (when possible) all tokens previously issued based on that authorization code.
#9 Match Point
...if the "redirect_uri" parameter was included in the initial authorization request as described in Section 4.1.1, and if included ensure that their values are identical.
#8 Open redirect in rfc6749
OAuth Authorization Server and follow verbatim the OAuth core spec you might end up having an
#7 Native apps - Which OAuth flow ?
It is NOT recommended that native applications use the implicit flow.
recommended that native applications use the implicit flow. Native clients CAN NOT protect a client_secret unless it is configured at runtime as in the dynamic registration case (RFC 7591).
#6 Cross-site request forgery for OAuth Clients
#5 Cross-site request forgery for Authorization Servers
#4 On Bearer Tokens
GET /resource?access_token=mF_9.B5f-4.1Jq HTTP/1.1
Host: server.example.com
The access token ends up being logged in access.log files (being the access token part of the URI) - http://thehackernews.com/2013/10/vulnerability-in-facebook-app-allows.html
People tend to be indiscriminate on what copy and past in public forum when searching for answer (e.g. Stackoverflow).
There is a risk of access token leakage through the referrer - http://intothesymmetry.blogspot.it/2015/10/on-oauth-token-hijacks-for-fun-and.html
#3 The Devil Wears Prada
#2 Lassie Come Home for OAuth clients
If you are building an OAuth client,
Thou shall register a redirect_uri as much as specific as you can
#1 Lassie Come Home for Authorization Server
<snip>
//SHAMELESS SELF ADVERTISEMENT
like OAuth 2.0 and/or you want to know more about it If youOAuth 2.0 and/or you want to know more about it here you can find a book on OAuth that Justin Richer and myself have been writing on the subject.
</snip>
Some time ago I posted a blogpost abut Top 5 OAuth 2 Implementation Vulnerabilities This week I have extended the list while presenting Top X OAuth 2 Hacks at OWASP Switzerland.This blog post (like the presentation) is just a collection of interesting attack OAuth related.I have introduced this 'attack' in last year post . This is for, it is not extremely severe but, hey, is better to follow the spec. SpecificallyIt turned out that evenand did it wrong ... :)To all OAuth Providers be sure to follow section 4.1.3 of the spec in particularShould you fail to do it, this in combination with Lassie Come Home below is game over (even for implementer that support only the Authorization Code Grant flow ).If you want to implentIn a nutshellIf you do not follow this suggestions then you risk this Defined the the Most Common OAuth2 Vulnerability . So do you the state anti CSRF parameter, as long as you use the right library to check and not a broken one :)As per any other website part is important to not forget Cross Site Request Forgery aka CSRF protection in your OAuth provider impelemtation. Some examples are:(if you can avoid) pass the access_token as a URI parameter a lasince:If you are anthat use OAuth for authentication (). If you absolutely have to, you'd better read User Authentication with OAuth 2.0 . Specially if you are using the OAuth Implicit Grant flow (aka Client side).More about the topic in here and here ....and the winner is (again)Well this is hell of a danger.There are way too many example of provider vulnerable to this attack. Just listing few here:At least the mitigation for this issue is damn simple:BTW the slides are here
The always entertaining State Board of Education is scheduled to take up biology textbooks this year, which usually means someone will be pushing to get a whole lot of creationism/intelligent design in there instead of actual science.
One of the big boys in the creationism game, the Foundation for Thought & Ethics, had signalled they were ready to join the fray, but now they have decided to sit things out.
Jon Buell, FTE's president, says the group had long ago decided not to submit proposed instructional materials for biology. "I did not realize until speculations began to surface that a signed letter on publisher's stationery was the only acceptable means stipulated by the TEA for withdrawing from the process," they say. "We now have submitted that official letter."
May 2014 Rule of the Month
Post: May 14, 2014 by Tom Mahoney under category "Rule Interpretation"
must keep to the right of
Rule # RULE DESCRIPTION C, D, & E
1 DAY EVENTS A & B
1 DAY EVENTS STAGE RACES
(AND OTHER MULTI-DAY EVENTS)
8B - Penalties Applicable in Road Races 8B1 – Course deviations, traffic violations, rules of the road 8B1(a) Center Line Rule Warning for accidental crossing ; relegation or DSQ for advancing position; Suspension for dangerous attack Warning for accidental crossing ; relegation or DSQ for advancing position; Suspension for dangerous attack 1st offense --Warning
2nd offense – 30 second penalties
3rd offense – 1 minute
Possible DSQ in all cases if dangerous and flagrant
to the right
on
The rules say you have to stay to the right of it
If you are riding on it, half of your body is over it.
If you are riding on it, half of your handlebars are over it.
Since this is a safety-based rule, it makes sense to err on the side of caution
In the rain, the yellow line is slipperier than the pavement
If you are the motoref, under either interpretation, a rider consistently on the line is messing with you.
If you allow the line, then what part of the line? The right part of a double yellow, the left part of the double yellow, the gap in between the double yellow?
Disallowing the line avoids Clintonesque discussions about what the word, “on” means.
May's Rules of the Month are not new rules at all, but I am motivated to discuss them for reasons that will become apparent in a few more lines:If a course is not closed to traffic, all competitorsthe center line or enforcement line.So this all started with a discipline report of a rider who was riding on, but not over the yellow line. They were consistently on the line, and they passed lots of riders while riding on the line. The motoref with the field disqualified him, and ultimately the situation got ugly enough that it probably won't matter whether the initial move was a foul or not.Just to be funny, I polled about 40 of our top officials and motorefs and asked them if the riding on the line was a foul. Half said yes and the other said no. We can discuss levels of enforcement and how it is really done in the field based on field size, wind, etc, but we should first have a basic understanding of whether the rule means you can or cannot ride on the line. Once we know that then we can talk at length about where to really draw the mental line before you would penalize the rider. After extensive discussions with the most knowledgeable officials out there, we have decided to go with the rule as written in 8B1. You have to stayof the centerline. Thus ridingthe centerline is, indeed, a foul. The logic for this interpretation is based on several things:In summary, it is simpler, easier, and follows the rule to not give them the line but make them stay to the right of it. I will be modifying section 8 to make it clearer that the penalties are for riding on or crossing, not just crossing so that section 3 and section 8 match. I can't believe I survived in this job for 11 years before this question came up (you gotta stay to the right of the line and make my bunk because we are in Germany. Now if we were in Italy…)
Officials at a press conference for the Ashland case on June 18, 2013. Screenshot/WKYC live feed Prosecutors have charged three people in connection with a case of alleged "modern-day slavery" in Ashland, Ohio.
At a press conference Tuesday, federal prosecutors and detectives from the Ashland Police Department said a mother and their 6-year-old child were held captive in a house for two years and subjected to beatings, death threats, and reptile attacks.
Officials at the news conference broadcast by WKYC said the captors "recruited the victims" to come live with them. The mother — whose name has not been released — had "significant physical vulnerabilities" and became disabled after a childhood injury and functions at the level of a 13- or 14-year-old, officials said.
The mother received monthly public assistance payments. The suspects allegedly took over the mother's government benefits cards and PIN numbers and used the money for themselves, according to a press release from the Department of Justice.
Police found out about the captivity after the mother was caught shoplifting a candy bar and they asked to be taken to jail (which, as federal prosecutors pointed out, is unusual).
Jordie Callahan, 26, Jessica Hunt, 31, and Daniel Brown, 33, were arrested and charged with forced labor on Monday, Cleveland news station WKYC reports.
Federal officials said more charges are likely to come later on in the investigation, which is still ongoing.
The mother and their child were allegedly starved, forced to sleep on a cement floor in a padlocked room, clean the house, do laundry, and do yard work, according to 19 Action News reporter Scott Taylor. They were threatened with a 130-pound python and other reptiles, prosecutors said.
The suspects also allegedly forced the mother to hit their child, recorded it on video and said that if they ever tried to leave the video would be shown to police.
The suspects also allegedly took money from the mother's checking account and used their prescriptions. Callaham and Hunt allegedly injured the mother on multiple occasions to obtain prescriptions for pain medication such as Vicodin, according to the DOJ release.
Ohio was in the news recently for another case of people being held captive in a house for years. Three young women were held captive in a Cleveland house for about a decade after they were all allegedly kidnapped from the same neighborhood at different times.
Below are pictures of the suspects:
Daniel Brown
Daniel Brown was charged holding a woman and their child hostage. AP Photo/Department of Justice
Jordie Callahan
Jordie Callahan was accused of "modern-day slavery." AP Photo/Department of Justice
Jessica Hunt
The MLS Regular Season is over. Starting Wednesday the MLS Cup Playoffs will begin. Are we having fun yet? I'm sure there are plenty of pundits out there making their predictions, filling out their brackets, arguing the merits of LA Galaxy and Sporting KC, lambasting upstart teams like New England Revolution and Colorado Rapids. We won't be doing that here. Well, we will, but with a twist.
The analysis contained herein was meticulously performed; no stone unturned, no WAG uninterviewed. Ultimately this lead me to one question, and it was through analyzing this question that I was able to determine the ultimate victor of the MLS Cup Playoffs.
Which Disney character best represents each playoff team?
With that question posed, I was able to easily pull myself away from statistics, formations, injury reports, and matchups and really parse it down into a One vs One. Two Disney characters enter, one Disney character leaves.
The Teams
Eastern Conference
New York Red Bulls
Sporting Kansas City
New England Revolution
Houston Dynamo
Montreal Impact
Western Conference
Portland Timbers
Real Salt Lake
Los Angeles Galaxy
Seattle Sounders
Colorado Rapids
The Characters New York Red Bulls - Jafar
via images4.wikia.nocookie.net
Jafar is driven by one thing: the lust for power. And flashy things. Two things. Jafar is driven by two things. And he'll do anything, literally anything, to get it. Marry a nubile princess by hypnotizing their trusting father? No problem, boss. Hoodwink and kill a poor, charismatic down-on-his-luck street kid? That's like every Tuesday. So much pride weighs them down. They begin to believe their hype. And then ultimately he's defeated.
Sporting Kansas City - Ursula
via images4.wikia.nocookie.net
Take one look at Ursula and you know you're dealing with someone who's got ulterior motives. Sure, at first they might seem all well and good, like everything is tiptop, goody gumdrops, but that's when they steal your magical trident and turns you into some deformed mollusk, doomed to languish under their heels for eternity. Do you grow pearls in your new shell? No, you don't, you get nothing. Don't believe the flashy smile, the honeyed words, behind their mask is a venomous snake, with a soul so black.
New England Revolution - Queen of Hearts
via images2.wikia.nocookie.net
Okay, now this bitch is cray. One minute it's one thing, the next it's another. You get pulled in by the good and burned by the bad. Are you good? Are you evil? Don't trust the Queen of Hearts, lest you lose your mind (which you'd "lose" because they cut off your head, which contains your brain, which is where conscious thought occurs). Don't take them for granted though, as they are dangerous. Very dangerous.
Houston Dynamo - Judge Claude Frollo
via images1.wikia.nocookie.net
Don't let the posh name fool you, my friends, Judge Claude Frollo is dangerous. What makes them so dangerous? Belief; a belief that their way is the right way, and they will use their power to get their way, no matter what, no matter who they have to utterly destroy to reach their ultimate goal. Now, that doesn't sound particularly heinous, but what if their way is the wrong way? What if their way is so despicable, so monstrous, will that stop Judge Claude Frollo? No. They don't care. Win at all costs.
Montreal Impact - Yzma
via images3.wikia.nocookie.net
Look at Yzma. She's so old! How are they still standing? What's holding them together? It's just like skin and bones, maybe a few tendons here and there, those that haven't been disintegrated into dust, ravaged into oblivion over time. Sure, she's got some craftiness left in her, but they have to ride on the back of one or two young men. What happens if those young men aren't there anymore? What have they got left? Magic? Bone dust?
Portland Timbers - Prince John
via www.gannett-cdn.com
Prince John is a placeholder and is overshadowed by their much more important, much more powerful older brother. Their short temper and lust for power drives them in an ultimately superfluous effort to show how important they think they are to the world. They try much too hard and appears at times to be very childish and immature, making them a somewhat sympathetic villain.
Real Salt Lake - Shere Khan
via images2.wikia.nocookie.net
Shere Khan is very powerful, very dangerous villain, and they know it. This awareness of strength and superiority leads to a sense of arrogance, a sense of entitlement, but they couple this pride with a smattering sympathy, of gentlemanship and sophistication. He's not an altogether horrendous creature, just prone to bouts of cruelty and egotism.
Los Angeles Galaxy - Gaston
via img.photobucket.com
Gaston is fully aware of their awesomeness. Narcissistic? Not Gaston, because that's a flaw and they don't have any. What was that? You don't agree? Well, that's because you're stupid and wrong. Gaston will have their way. Or else he'll make your life miserable by throwing your loved ones in jail, if he's not busy stabbing them.
Seattle Sounders - Hercules
via 24.media.tumblr.com
Born from the bosom of the gods, Hercules is pretty incredible. Sure, he's had a rough go of it, but that's because people fear him; they fear their power, their strength, their potential. What happens if Hercules truly begins to understand what he's capable of doing when they put it all together? He's unstoppable. They become a hero. You can't help but love him. And anyway, how does one man even become that handsome? It's unfair, really, just how amazing Hercules truly is.
Colorado Rapids - Hades
via images1.wikia.nocookie.net
Hades gets a bad rap. He's not a bad guy, pretty charismatic, but he's fighting a losing battle. You don't really know if you like them or not, but you're leaning toward not because of that whole dead people thing. That's kind of a black mark. The mood swings take a bit to get used to though. Make up your mind, Hades.
The Resultant Bracket
via img.photobucket.com
The Matchups
Knockout Round
Hercules vs Hades
This is an Olympian event. Son of Zeus versus brother of Zeus. They made a movie about this matchup. Hercules won. Hercules!
Judge Claude Frollo vs Yzma
Seriously, she's so old. He's so devious. Deviousness wins. Judge Claude Frollo!
Conference Semifinals
Shere Khan vs Gaston
Shere Khan free admits that he's afraid of two things: humans and guns. Gaston has got both. Gaston!
Hercules vs Prince John
Seriously? This isn't even a contest. Hercules will dispatch of that thumb-sucker so fast, the whole event will seem like a dream. Hercules!
Jafar vs Judge Claude Frollo
Uh, guys, Jafar's pretty badass. He'll win this one, unless Judge Claude Frollo is particularly dastardly. Jafar!
Ursula vs Queen of Hearts
The inherent randomness of the Queen of Hearts will give Ursula some fits, but the sea-witch is crafty even to see this one out. Ursula!
Conference Finals
Hercules vs Gaston
God versus Man. God wins every time. Sorry Gaston. Go jump off a building. Or get thrown. Either way, we just want you to disappear forever. Hercules!
Jafar vs Ursula
Sure, Ursula's got spells and stuff, and Jafar becomes a pretty powerful genie. Ursula's smart enough to know how to entrap Jafar, but the wizard can just conjure up a ship with a pointy masthead to end the contest with blood and fish-guts. Jafar!
MLS Cup Finals
Hercules vs Jafar
What happens if you destroy a genie's lamp? Some people say it'd kill the genie outright. Some say it'd release the genie from its bonds and the genie would go on a rampage. Hercules could destroy it. Or they could hurl the lamp-and-genie out into space where it'd continue to drift in the vast emptiness for all time. I watched Gravity, I'm kind of an expert on space now. Hercules!
The Champion
Hercules. Duh.
What is asexuality? Does it really exist?
Published 4:00 PM, August 03, 2013
MANILA, Philippines - What is asexuality? Does it really exist?
In this week's episode of #AskMargie, Dr. Margie Holmes tackles a topic that has drawn much interest from the show's followers - many of whom doubt anyone can be asexual
Watch:
Script below:
Our topic today is something most of you have expressed interest in knowing more about: asexuality.
Some of you express doubts that people can be asexual. Here's what you said.
Anonymous: I didn't even consider it as being applicable to humans. To worms maybe, but not us. I think asexuality is still to some extent a form of repression that denies a person of their being human. To be human means to recognize all our drives, the need for sex included. To say that you don't need it may just mean that you're repressing it. I still believe that we are all driven by our urges or at least feel these urges. One need not act on these urges but to claim that you don't have these urges? It's a load of crap.
Maribeth Bie: I think a person is not born asexual, it may be brought about by some sad or bad experience with sex. Because once a person experiences sex with the person he/she loves and enjoyed it, one cannot be asexual.
John Bueno: Not needing sex? I find that hypocritical or funny. Everyone loves that for sure. If they say they don't, they probably are not getting any.
Victoria Rudio: They probably have had traumatic experiences. Even priests and nuns have urges.
Alfie Mella: I suppose people who are asexual should be people who are biologically deprived or lacking in any sexual feelings. Considering this, asexuality may be considered an abnormality.
I find it hard to believe that a normally functioning human would not feel any sexual urge and the need to release this.
Carlos Gonzales: Being asexual is like staying in the friendzone forever with either gender. Platonic relationship lang.
Thank you, Carlos, for such.
Let's define what asexuality means.
DEFINITION OF ASEXUALITY
ANONYMOUS: Didn't know what it meant until now. I imagine it must be boring to not have interest in sex.
We project, that is the reason it's so hard for many of us to understand how another person can not need or want sex as much as we do. PLUS so many people have been brainwashed to think sex is the be-all and end-all of man and here, finally, are people who do not think this way and do not feel any angst about it. What they do feel angst about is that people don't believe this is how they really feel, that just because person A can't get their mind around not needing or wanting sex, they feel everyone else should need and want it.
Mary Acmor shares: People can be taught to sublimate their lustful desires to activities that hyperfocus their minds or bodies.
That they can. But such people are not asexual. Asexuals do not need to sublimate or hyperfocus to not care about having sex. They just naturally have no interest in sex.
These viewers shared these stories with us:
Miradel Abellana: After I separated with my ex, I isolated myself from sex out of fear & for being too emotionally attached to my sex partner. Nakaya ko yun for 6 yrs. But now, I think I have the right frame of mind to do it with the right man whom I think is worth it.
Desiree Sison: Being down in the dumps for months on a stretch makes me asexual. It's a temporary thing though because my sexual interest comes back especially when the dark cloud has lifted.
@Mike_Doria says: Been celibate for over a year now and I'm not the least bit bothered. Reserving it for the deserving one. Else, forget it.
Miradel, Desiree and Mike: TY TY TY for sharing your experiences and showing how understandable it can be to not want to have sex for a while (or for a long time) due to getting over a loved one, clinical depression or a choice. I appreciate your sharing something deeply personal to help us understand the difference between your choices or your situation at a particular time in your life, and thus sharing the difference and asexuals for whom no interest in sex is not temporary but permanent in as far as therapy, withcraft etc, don't work…
Let's move on to your questions:
Lito Asico asks: Sino sino ang mga taong ito? What I mean is sila po ba ang mga taong may mataas na antas ng karunungan or mga taong walang pinag aralan?
Pwede silang maging mataas ang antas walang pinag aralan or anything in between. Ang pagiging asexual ay walang kinalaman sa dunong, yaman o kagandahan. Ang isang bagay lang na naghihiwalay ng asexual sa hindi asexual ay na ang una ay may interes sa sex at ang ikalawa ay wala.
Jose Malvar: If we define sexuality to encompass gender identity and sexual preference, part po ba ng definition of an asexual yung gender that he/she identifies as? Or purely lack of sexual preference ang asexuality?
Hindi, Jose,…hindi gender ang issue nila. What asexuals are fighting for (and there are many who are members of groups whose sole “requirement” to be a member is not needing sex for themselves either) is recognition that asexuality is as valid a sexual orientation as homosexuality, heterosexuality etc. To be sexually attracted to someone of your own sex, the opposite sex, both sexes is recognized; why should not being sexually attracted to no one, no matter what sex they are, not be as valid. Or, to define it in equal terms, an asexual is someone who is not sexually attracted to anyone of the same or to the opposite sex.
We can get into the idea of sex being binary or more, but maybe in another show but thanks talaga for accepting asexuals exist as normal people and not freaks.
Lik Daklit: I imagine it must be boring to not have interest in sex. Pero paano yung romantic relationships nila? Natural yung sexual arousal with someone you love. Do they make love? If they do, how do they do it kung walang interest sa sex?
So happy you mentioned romance, Lik! Asexuals have o problem with moonlight and rose, music and dancing. What they have problems with are others who insist it isn't natural to feel this way: open to romance like other people, open to other people liking, loving and wanting sex, but having others NOT being able to accept them as they are.
Finally, @lamighangin asks: What do you do when you fall hard in love with an asexual?
Let me be corny and make the distinction many people do: If you mean loving, truly loving which includes not only tolerating but actually reveling in whom the person is, then fine. However, most people consider falling in love a different experience: Again, moonlight and roses, candy and jewelry, are fantastic and possible. In other words, Mills and Boon hic hocuses on tender affection is ok; Porn which focuses only on sex is not. And if you your asexual partner/crush loves you just as much as you love him, well, they too will find a way to accommodate your needs and desires,… and how you can without either of you feeling put upon will be a testament not only of your great love for each other, but also to your creativity, imagination.
WRAP UP: different strokes for different folks w asexuals not needing strokes from anyone else…Analogy between the misperception of lesbians as “just not finding the right man” to that of asexuals as “just not finding the right person”
- Rappler.com
Sunday's launch of an unmanned cargo ship toward the International Space Station ended about two-minutes in, when the Falcon 9 rocket that was conducting the liftoff exploded, leading the manufacturer SpaceX to announce it is postponing its next launch.
The Falcon 9 had some successes in the past, but is still comparatively new, and has become effectively the lone supplier of Pentagon rockets after last year's Congressional ban on awarding contracts to ULA, which uses Russian-made engines.
The Pentagon is hoping Congress is going to re-explore that ban now, saying they'd very much like to have two independent sources of rockets, something which would clearly be nice when the other source has a problem with rockets blowing up.
Sen. John McCain (R – AZ), however, is adamant they will block any such efforts to reverse the ban, insisting rockets bought from Russia would mean taxpayer money going straight to Russian President Vladimir Putin. That the Russian rockets aren't blowing up, however, is likely to keep the Pentagon wanting to acquire them.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
STATEN ISLAND — A fast-moving fire engulfed a Rosebank home, injuring 34 people early Thursday and forcing a mother to throw their child from a window, witnesses and officials said.
The blaze started about 1 a.m. inside 205 Chestnut Ave., near Tompkins Avenue, and quickly grew. It took more than 200 firefighters to bring it under control, an FDNY spokesperson said.
As smoke and fire spilled from the windows, a mother threw their daughter into their husband's arms below, neighbor Angel Acevedo said.
"The lady on the second floor threw their baby to their husband to try and catch her," they said.
It was unknown what condition the child was in.
"The fire just kept going. The smell of smoke was intense, everything was just pitch black," said Acevedo's wife, Yelany.
"It's horrible to know that families have lost literally everything," Acevedo's wife said.
Eleven civilians and 23 firefighters were injured in the blaze, the FDNY said. Some suffered serious injuries.
It was not immediately clear which hospital the injured were taken to and how many were transported.
Homes on either side of the fire were burned but it was not immediately known how severe the damage was, the FDNY said.
Fire marshals were investigating what sparked the fire Thursday.
Scientists in the United States have managed to turn human embryonic stem cells into a type of brain cell linked to memory loss in Alzheimer's disease. The research, published in the journal Stem Cells, should help in the development and testing of potential new medicines to treat the neurodegenerative disease which affects around half a million people in the UK.
The researchers at Northwestern University in Chicago managed to coax the stem cells into becoming a type of neuron which dies off early in people with Alzheimer's disease. The cells in question are basal forebrain cholinergic neurons (BFCN), which have a key role in memory function, and their loss is thought to be significant in the early stages of the neurodegenerative condition.
These dishes of cells should provide a near limitless supply of neurons for research. Scientists need to know why these cells - critical for memory function - fail in Alzheimer's disease. It should enable them to test compounds on the laboratory samples in the search for treatments.
One of the authors of the study, John Kessler, chair of neurology at Northwestern University said: "We can literally screen tens of thousands of drugs at a time to find the kind of compound that will keep these cells alive. We can ultimately think about transplanting the cells to help the memory deficit." They said their team had also created the neurons from the skin cells of Alzheimer's patients and from healthy volunteers. They were cautious about when the research might yield treatments but said 10 years appeared "realistic".
The Alzheimer's Society said the study was a "major step forward" but went on to say that further research was needed to find out whether these stem cells actually work in the brain. It urged greater investment in dementia research. The term "major breakthrough" was used on the Today programme on BBC Radio 4 although it was made crystal clear that benefits for patients were a long way off.
Another charity, Alzheimer's Research UK was more cautious. It said the prospect of stem cells being used as a treatment for the disease was still a very long way off and there was no evidence yet to suggest this method would be able to help people with dementia.
I confess I worry about the phrases "major breakthrough" and "major step forward". For me, the former should be reserved for something which is a game-changing piece of research, or a new device or treatment which transforms the way we combat a condition. Like many things it's hard to describe, but you know it when you see it. "Major step forward" is problematic unless you also know how many steps there are left to travel on a journey.
It seems to me that this research is another tantalising example of what MIGHT ultimately be achieved through manipulating human embryonic stem cells - the body's master cells.
Being able to generate the neurons which fail in early Alzheimer's and to test agents on them that may promote survival, will be extremely useful. But families affects by Alzheimer's need to know that there are a whole lot of major steps forward still needed before it yields an effective treatment for the disease.
Jubilee Party supporters cheer Nov. 20 in Nairobi after Kenya's Supreme Court upheld the reelection of President Uhuru Kenyatta in last month's repeat presidential vote. (Baz Ratner/TPX Images of the Day/Reuters)
On Nov. 20, Kenya's Supreme Court upheld Uhuru Kenyatta's win in the repeat presidential election conducted Oct. 26, which opposition leader Raila Odinga boycotted. Kenya's Supreme Court featured prominently in the 2017 elections, most notably by nullifying the earlier Aug. 8 election — a move that led to demonstrations, commercial boycotts and political unrest in coastal and western Kenya.
[Kenya's Supreme Court just declared the Aug. 8 elections invalid. Here's what this means.]
Kenya's 2007 presidential election saw a similar dispute: The chairperson of the election commission declared incumbent Mwai Kibaki the winner, and the chief justice of Kenya's Supreme Court hastily swore the president into office in the dark of night.
Citing massive electoral fraud, Raila Odinga — also the main opposition candidate in 2007 — stated that they would not contest the rigged election in court but instead called their supporters to mass action. In the weeks that followed, more than 1,000 Kenyans died in the most violent post-election period in the country's history.
Not all disputed elections lead to violence
Across Africa, disputed presidential elections degenerated into post-election violence in Ethiopia (2005), Nigeria (2007), Zimbabwe (2008), Ivory Coast (2010) and more recently in Gabon (2016), among others.
But not all disputed elections lead to violence. Opposition politicians disputed the outcomes of presidential elections in Zambia and Uganda in 2016; Angola in 2017; and Ghana in 2012, but none of these countries experienced significant violence after the elections. Instead, the losers filed election petitions in court to challenge the outcome.
In some cases, candidates disputed elections using the courts but also encouraged mass actions that could lead to violence. For example, when Muhammadu Buhari lost to Umaru Yar'Adua in Nigeria's 2007 election, Buhari called their supporters to the streets and also filed an election petition in court.
In 2016, Jean Ping, the opposition presidential candidate in Gabon, lost to incumbent President Ali Bongo Ondimba. Ping disputed the election outcome and filed an election petition, declared themselves the winner and called for mass action.
[What can public opinion surveys tell us about what is going on in Gabon?]
What explains how opposition candidates respond to disputed presidential election outcomes?
In my research on when judiciaries can reduce violence, I've studied the ways opposition candidates respond to African elections outcomes since 1990. Here's what I found: When the judiciary is quasi-independent, opposition candidates tend to engage in post-election violence.
When judiciaries are strong and independent, the opposition has no incentive to use violence because it expects the judiciary will be impartial. Candidates turn to the courts to dispute election outcomes.
If the judiciary is weak and dependent on the appointing powers of the incumbent president, the opposition will also refrain from using violence because there is no expectation that the judiciary will ever rule against a sitting president. In other words, the payoffs for engaging in post-election violence under weak judiciaries are minimal because the violence will not influence the court's ruling since the court is beholden to the incumbent president.
However, in countries like Kenya before 2010, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, Ivory Coast and Ethiopia, which have quasi-independent judiciaries — opposition candidates use post-election violence to create political uncertainty to influence the judiciary to be impartial.
How did this play out over hundreds of elections in Africa?
My research combines existing data from scholars' earlier works on elections, violence and the judiciary. Data on the 390 elections conducted between 1990 and 2012 in African countries characterized as competitive for electoral democracies come from Susan Hyde and Nikolay Marinov's work on competitive elections. Data on election violence during those elections come from the Social Conflict Analysis Database by Idean Salehyan, Cullen Hendrix and others. Finally, the data on judicial independence come from Drew Linzer and Jeffrey Staton's judicial independence around the globe project.
Of these 390 elections, I found that 132 elections experienced significant pre-election violence and 91 saw major post-election violence. These categories refer both to spontaneous and organized election violent episodes by the state or the opposition candidates — where the source of tension is elections.
Countries with high judicial independence like Botswana, Namibia, South Africa and Ghana experienced low levels of post-election violence. When Nana Akufo-Addo narrowly lost to then-incumbent president John Dramani Mahama during Ghana's 2012 elections, Akufo-Addo filed a petition at the Ghana Supreme Court, alleging widespread electoral fraud and collusion between the electoral commission and the incumbent party. Even after losing in court, Akufo-Addo accepted the court's decision and urged their supporters to do the same.
When countries with high judicial independence saw election violence, it typically took place during the founding or second elections following the reintroduction of multiparty politics, often before judiciaries became professionalized. For example, Sierra Leone's founding elections in 1996 and in 2002 were characterized by some post-election violence, but these elections occurred during or just after the country's civil war (1991-2001). Later elections in Sierra Leone in 2007 and 2012 were nonviolent.
There were also countries with low judicial independence that experienced little post-election violence, like the Gambia, Guinea, Togo and Gabon. These were countries in which incumbent presidents held significant control over the judiciary, however.
[Is democracy in a worldwide decline? Nope. Here's our data.]
When Gambia's incumbent President Yahya Jammeh petitioned the Supreme Court to challenge opposition candidate Adama Barrow's 2016 win, the case could not be heard because there were not enough judges on the bench — Jammeh had refused to appoint new justices for the Supreme Court.
African countries that account for most of the post-election violence since 1990 had quasi-independent judiciaries. Take, for example, the Kenyan case: Multiparty elections in 1992, 1997 and 2002 were conducted under a weak judiciary.
The second amendment to the Kenyan constitution gives the president the sole power to make judicial appointments. Under this amendment, the president also can investigate a judge's conduct for the purpose of termination without consulting the judicial service commission. There was piecemeal judicial revamping under Mwai Kibaki in the early 2000s, but the Kenyan judiciary remained quasi-independent until 2010.
The new Kenyan constitution in 2010 empowered the judiciary with clear term limits, and divested the appointment and termination procedures from the president. The 2013 and 2017 Kenyan elections were conducted under an independent judiciary, leading to less post-election violence. As an indicator of faith in the new independent judiciary, election petitions increased from single digits before 2013 to 187 after the 2013 elections and 288 after the 2017 elections.
Courts across the world can mediate disputed elections, but losers will not rely on courts in countries when the judiciary is not independent. Unless judges enjoy security of office with removal procedures divested from the executive or legislature, we should expect to see competitive elections potentially leading to violence.
Meshack Simati is a Jennings Randolph Peace Scholar and PhD candidate in political science at Georgia State University. Their research centers on political institutions, democratization and election violence in Africa.
New Filings In Our Ongoing Lawsuit
from the go-ahead-and-read dept
A quick update in the lawsuit filed against us. Today we filed additional motions for Leigh Beadon, part of the team here, who was also sued. We've filed a motion, on Leigh's behalf, to have the lawsuit thrown out on anti-SLAPP grounds, because this is a strategic lawsuit designed to chill our exercise of First Amendment rights. At the time of our initial filings in the case, Leigh had not yet been served. That happened a few days later, and now we've also filed the motions to dismiss for Leigh as well, and a related memorandum detailing the reasons why they should be dismissed. Please read the filings. Also, just to have them all in one place, we've posted our original filings below as well.
As we noted before, this lawsuit is a huge distraction for us, and we appreciate everyone who has stepped up already to help keep us going and to keep publishing through this ordeal. Please check out the site ISupportJournalism.com to let us know you support our reporting on a variety of important issues. Or, check out some of our t-shirts, hoodies and other gear, as we've been refreshing some old favorites and some new designs as well.
Filed Under: anti-slapp, lawsuit, motion to dismiss, shiva ayyadurai
Companies: floor64, techdirt
The discovery of 13 diffuse interstellar bands with the longest wavelengths to date could someday solve a 90-year-old mystery. Astronomers have identified the new bands using data collected by the Gemini North telescope of stars in the center of the Milky Way.
Nature now reports on its website findings that support recent ideas about the presence of large, possibly carbon-based organic molecules -- "carriers" -- hidden in interstellar dust clouds. The paper will also appear in the Nov. 10 print issue of the journal.
"These diffuse interstellar bands -- or DIBs -- have never been seen before," says Donald Figer, director of the Center for Detectors at Rochester Institute of Technology and a co-author of the study. "Spectra of stars have absorption lines because gas and dust along the line of sight to the stars absorb some of the light."
"The most recent ideas are that diffuse interstellar bands are relatively simple carbon bearing molecules, similar to amino acids," they continue. "Maybe these are amino acid chains in space, which supports the theory that the seeds of life originated in space and rained down on planets."
"Observations in different Galactic sight lines indicate that the material responsible for these DIBs 'survives' under different physical conditions of temperature and density," adds Paco Najarro, scientist in the Department of Astrophysics in the Center of Astrobiology in Madrid.
The low-energy absorption lines Figer and their colleagues discovered provide constraints for determining the nature of diffuse interstellar bands. Future theoretical models that predict wavelengths absorbed by these mysterious particles now must accommodate these lower energies, Figer notes.
"We saw the same absorption lines in the spectra of every star," Figer says. "If we look at the exact wavelength of the features, we can figure out the kind of gas and dust between us and the stars that is absorbing the light."
Diffuse interstellar bands have remained a puzzle since their initial discovery 90 years ago. The 500 bands identified before this study mostly occur at visible and near-infrared wavelengths. The observed lines do not match predicted lines of simple molecules and cannot be pinned to a single carrier.
"None of the diffuse interstellar bands has been convincingly identified with a specific element or molecule, and indeed their identification, individually and collectively, is one of the greatest challenges in astronomical spectroscopy," says lead author Thomas Geballe, from the Gemini Observatory. "Recent studies have suggested that DIB carriers are large carbon-containing molecules."
The newly discovered infrared bands can be used as probes of the diffuse interstellar medium, especially in regions in which thick dust and gas obscure observations in the optical and shorter wavelength bands.
Studying the stronger emissions in the group may lead to an understanding of their molecular origin. Some day laboratory spectroscopy could be used to identify the infrared diffuse interstellar bands. No one has been successful yet at reproducing the interstellar bands in laboratory, Figer notes, due to the multitude of possibilities and the difficulty of reproducing the temperatures and pressures the gas would experience in space.
In addition to Geballe, Najarro and Figer, co-authors of the paper included Najarro's student Diego de la Fuente and former Gemini science intern Barrett Schlegelmilch.
THE HOLY BARBELL
by Australian coach Peter Upham
(The Strength Coach)
“All rise.
Open your hymn books to page 69 and we shall all sing ‘Pump Iron'.
“Please be seated.
“A few announcements before today's sermon; we're praying today for a few of the missionaries that we sponsor, you all remember Ross and Nicole Livingston,……. well as some of you know, they're in Uganda and they've started up the Ugandan Powerlifting Federation and that is an AFPF affiliate. They're doing really well and having their first raw comp this weekend so we pray that that goes well. They're a Barbell based gym and they're doing their comps the right way, Raw is belt and knee wraps only; No elbows sleeves! As it is written in the Technical Manual.
“We're also praying for Daniel Secombe today, as they embark next week on an outreach program in the local strongman community. Daniel is hoping to talk to different strongman athletes about the Holy Barbell and will be inviting them along to a special service we are having next week where they can come and talk about the Barbell, ask some questions, and just get to know Strength the same way that we all do, so Outreach Week is going to be a great opportunity for this gym to see some new faces come along in the future.
CONTINUE READING
“At the conclusion of today's sermon, our Sunday School kids will be moving off to a special day we have planned for them. Our local Federation Commissioner will be holding a special question and answer session that we've been promoting where they can get answers to some of those challenging questions, that I know as a parent of 2 young ones myself, are sometimes hard to answer.
“Today's sermon for the congregation is about injuries. The Technical Manual reading will come today from page 3 and Tracy is going to read for us.
(Tracy)
“…. Verse 17. To Adam the Strength Spirit said, “Because you have listened to your wife and eaten the fruit from the tree of which I said ‘do not eat',
“Cursed is the gym floor because of you;
endlessly will you sweep chalk.
Through painful toil will you eat food to bulk up.
Eating will produce flatulence and painful bowel movements.
By the sweat of your brow will you toil on the barbell,
Injured will your training history be,
until you return to the chalk, because from it you were taken
And to it you will return.”
“This is the word of the Strength,”
(ALL) “Praise be to Strength”.
(Strength Coach)
“We know that man is imperfect. But the Technical Manual tells us that when Strength first created the Heavens and the Earth it was made perfect. Injuries we know were only possible after the Fall, when man first turned their back on Strength and started to try to place agility and endurance and power on the same footing with Strength; in fact, there's still many people in this world who still think that,….. mostly in places like India, they're called polyathletests.
“Injuries are the penalty and price that we pay for disobeying Strength and trying to do things our own way. If we would just listen to the Strength Spirit's word that they have given us through the Technical Manual then we wouldn't get injured so much.
“This week when you go out into the community to your regular jobs and you're mixing with others, think about your opportunity to spread the word of Strength, the Technical Manual says when Strength came to Earth a Man it says in the Book of Arthur Saxon….
“Go back and report to John what you hear and see: The slow speeded up, the crippled walk, those with cancer in remission, the dead are raised, and the good news is preached to the poor.”
“So the Technical Manual has a mandate for preaching the word of Strength, it's a call to spread the Good News that Strength will rise again and take its proper place.”
Later in Sunday School…….
(Gym Sunday School teacher, Miss Conners)
“Children, Mr Eccels is here today to answer your questions just like we talked about last week, what I thought I might do is ask the first question and then anyone can ask a question after that. Mr Eccles is our Federation Commissioner.
“So, Mr Eccles, I've been hearing a lot lately about how dangerous commercial fitness is and bodybuilding, what can you tell us about what those people believe?”
(Federation Commissioner Eccles)
“Well that's a good question. There's a lot of information out there about Bodybuilding. They prey to the Prophet Joe Weider, they believe in Strength but their Technical Manual is different, they don't test strength and you know they don't teach the same things that we do about women. They put women in their own competitions and they can't compete against the men like we do with the co-efficients that the Technical Manual gives us. I just think that's wrong.”
(Little Jimmy)
“How do we know that the Technical Manuel is true?”
(Eccles)
“Well the Technical Manual was given to us by the Strength Spirit so we know that its true. The Technical Manual says that the Technical Manual is true, so we can have faith in it.”
(Little Johnny)
“What's Crossfit?”
(Eccles)
“Crossfit does a lot of things different to us, we're Powerlifters, Crossfit is just a new fancy thing that has started up; they have good marketing, I hear that Tom Cruise is a member, and it's a lot about personality and flashiness. It looks like a bit of a money making scheme to me. A lot of people end up leaving or try to leave and there are a lot of phony friendships that break down. They sometimes try to do what we do. They don't even have a Technical Manual, and the guy who started it used to write Science Fiction (laughing) so how can you believe in that?!!”
(Big Jimmy)
“Some new people moved into the house up the street from me and my brother, they go to an IWF school. Is it true that they're not taught the right Technical Manual?”
(Little Johnny)
“They're weird, they don't even bench!”
(Little Sally)
“Yeah, and they don't deadlift and they squat high bar!”
(Big Jimmy)
“Is that true?”
(Little Johnny)
“Yeah is that true?”
(Eccles)
“If you look in the first few chapters of the Technical Manual it talks about the Strength Spirit's chosen people and how they used to believe, but they kept turning their back on Strength and trying to do things their own way. Then in 1972 they angered Strength by taking away the Press from competition and they've been cursed ever since.
“Now there's a lot of nice people in IWF gyms I've even had them come to our gym and they train in their own way but we just think they're wrong about a few things and remember, the Technical Manual says, ‘Judge not or yee be judged', so its between the Strength Spirit and the individual. Also they have a President who they listen to and think that they are some sort of intermediary between themselves and Strength, and we obviously think that's wrong. At the moment their President is in a lot of trouble for moving on some people from one gym to another who were doing some bad things with steroids. Those people are sick in the head and they went on to re-offend.”
(Big Jimmy)
“Is it an abomination for two people of the same sex to spot each other no-homo-style on the squat?”
(Eccles)
“Yes, the Technical Manuel is very specific about that, it's an abomination. I don't care what you see on television or the internet these days.”
(Sally)
“What's a schism?”
(Eccles)
“Well that's a big word, where did you hear that?”
(Sally)
“I heard my parents talking about it.”
(Eccles)
“A schism sometimes happens if people aren't teaching things from the Technical Manual or they think they can write their own Technical Manual.
(Taps at their AFPF ‘Another Fucking Powerlifting Federation' logo on their shirt)
“See we're AFPF lifters at this gym, that's the pure strain of Strength (makes gesture with hand drawing a line straight down). We follow strictly what the Technical Manual says.”
We have a lot going on these days! Obviously, Firefox continues to surge forward, with new features all the time. That alone would keep us busy, and indeed it does. Jean-Yves Perrier has been heading up Firefox developer documentation work for the last couple of months, and I expect he'll keep doing so for the foreseeable future.
Of course, there's more than just Firefox. The developer tools team has been cranking out amazing new tools to help Web developers (and, in turn, Firefox OS developers), and those need lots of documentation work. Will Bamberg has taken over that work from me, since I've been completely swamped lately. This fits in well with the work he's already been doing with the Jetpack documentation, since many of the same people are involved.
Mark Giffin, working under contract (although he's been working with us so long, it's hard to think of it that way!), has been working hard on the open Web apps documentation. This documentation obviously plays a key role in our plans for Firefox OS, and it's great to have them pounding away at that.
Janet Swisher has been so busy for so long being “distracted” away from writing by their work organizing doc sprints and other community activities that it's in the process of becoming official; they will become our MDN community manager (although I'm not sure precisely what title is involved). She'll be working full-time on building our developer community and helping to organize events. This is going to be fantastic to have someone doing that for real, and I know Janet will continue to do it well — especially once it's their “real” job!
In the meantime, I've been sliding more and more into organization work. There are two kinds of organization involved.
Content organization. I've been working, gradually, on rearranging content on MDN to be more logically structured. The Web apps documentation has been rearranged, as has much of the WebAPI documentation. In addition, I have cleaned up the structure of the Firefox OS content as well. This work will continue for some time, but it's a relief to finally be making some amount of headway. We have big plans for rearranging the so-called “DOM Reference”. For details, you can see the article Web platform documentation hierarchy.
Team organization. As the MDN docs team has grown — both in terms of paid staff and in terms of our awesome army of volunteers — it's become more difficult to keep up with what's going on. This is, of course, exacerbated by the fact that we have so many projects to work on. So going forward, more of my time is going to be spent organizing and coordinating the writing team. I've been doing a lot of writing about documentation processes, and gradually we're nailing down plans for ways to improve how we do things.
One thing you should expect to see soon is pages you can visit to see what each team member is currently working on, as well as a list of upcoming documentation projects and their status.
I'll be blogging more soon specifically about the organizational work we're doing, once the actual plan documents are finished and posted onto MDN.
In addition to organization, I've been working on the MDN Style and User Guide documents. These suites of documents will help us bring new contributors into the fold, and will help us produce better, more consistent documentation in the future. On top of all that, the style guide is going to be used to help inform the design team as they work on designing the next generation UX for the MDN web site. The new design is going to be spectacular, but only if we participate in the process.
I'll blog more about this once these documents are farther along; however, one thing you can look at and help with right now is the MDN page types list. This article is meant to list all the basic kinds of pages we have on MDN, and to list the features each needs to offer. Eventually this will be detailing each type of page all the way down to which visual styles are needed in order to construct them, so that the design team knows what CSS we will need. This information will also be used to help us build better toolbars and to improve the editing experience in general, so if you have frustrations with editing on MDN, this page is a place you should go and contribute to!
So that's what we're up to, in brief.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Pocket
Email
Where West Publishing once stood in downtown St. Paul, a Phoenix-based developer envisions fine dining, a boutique hotel, high-end office space, 300 market-rate housing units, a long-awaited “river balcony” promenade and 2,000 parking stalls descending from the bluff.
All in all, it's a $225 million retail-hotel-residential-office-parking project that will likely require a host of private lenders and financing partners who share the vision of Don Cardon, a former Arizona Department of Commerce director.
“The site is going to be a little bit of a stretch,” said Cardon, who nevertheless believes they can deliver a fully built-out development in three years. “That's what we're trying to do, because we think that has to happen. … This project is a big iconic project. We know that it is.”
On Tuesday, the Ramsey County Board of Commissioners agreed to take Cardon at their word.
Following a presentation from the Cardon Development Group and Deputy County Manager Heather Worthington, they gave their team six months to study the market and put together financing and a timeline for the project's major phases. A master development agreement could be ready by the end of summer, with construction underway next year.
The developer would buy the nearly 5 acres of county-owned land and fully return them to the tax rolls. County officials emphasized Tuesday they are not offering tax increment financing, a type of loan paid back through property tax dollars.
Related Articles Business People: Sunday, Feb. 24
St. Paul company develops Uber-like service for disabled passengers
Rosie Johnsen of Obb's bar dies at 97. They named a street for them once.
Startup Showcase: Satisfying the sweet tooth without the sugar
Real World Economics: Imperial presidency on trade? No thanks Cardon's plan calls for an initial development phase installing 2,000 parking stalls along the bluff, as well as 250 to 325 upscale, market-rate apartments. Other phases would soon add a 180- to 200-unit boutique hotel, 60,000 square feet of high-end or “Class A” office space and 30,000 square feet of ground-level retail.
“The entire street level will be retail,” Cardon said. “I think that's vital.”
Cardon plans to persuade banks and private investors to come aboard for the full package or “critical mass.” That's instead of a more “organic” development approach that would line up financing for a single component, such as a hotel, to test the market and build confidence in later aspects of the development.
County officials agreed that a piecemeal development plan wouldn't draw the right tenants or partners and would mar rather than promote the riverfront.
COUNTY-LED DEMOLITION
Ramsey County officials said they waited almost 15 years to see the development community embrace the former site of the adult detention center and the Ramsey County Government Center West buildings.
The site has been off the tax rolls since 1992, when West Publishing moved to Eagan and the river bluff headquarters converted into government offices.
After years of false starts with potential development partners such as United Properties and the Opus Group, the county took it upon itself in late 2014 to demolish the riverfront properties, which have been cleared from the bluff.
Demolition costs, initially budgeted at $11.5 million, reached $17 million.
Despite the budget challenges, the county has completed demolition at the 4.77-acre site and expects to have a retaining wall under construction along the bluff base complete by fall.
Ramsey County Commissioner Rafael Ortega said new development would create a corridor to the county's Union Depot transit hub in Lowertown and jump-start construction of St. Paul's long-awaited “river balcony,” a 1.5-mile pedestrian promenade.
“This has taken us a long time to get here,” said Ramsey County Board Chair Victoria Reinhardt. “This is nearly a five-acre site, right on the river. … Doing it in pieces will not work. There's a lot going on in downtown St. Paul right now, and this will add to that.”
Added Commissioner MaryJo McGuire, “I love that we're going to commit to the river.”
THE RIVER BALCONY
Cardon, the only developer to present a project proposal for the site, called the river balcony almost essential to the development, which will capitalize on the riverfront.
Partly at the city's request, they want to open up space at St. Peter Street and Market Street to create a better sight line from downtown to the riverfront, and establishing vertical links such as staircases or elevators near Market and Wabasha streets to connect visitors to grade level at Shepard Road.
“This is in my mind somewhat of a front-door approach to the river,” said Cardon, whose local partners include HGA Architects of Minneapolis. “We want corridors that tie into Market and St. Peter and Rice Park.”
Cardon said he's accustomed to dreaming big and building big. Related Articles Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
Residents ask St. Paul City Council to block German Immersion School expansion, church demolition
Ramsey County approves upcoming street construction projects
John Rupp's downtown St. Paul Athletic Club could add community center
St. Paul City Council postpones decision on Concordia University's purchase of Central Midway building
In downtown Phoenix, their team's $800 million CityScape project spans more than 20 restaurants, high-rise housing and retail. They said CityScape required private equity and financing agreements with 19 banks.
He's in the process of relocating an international airport in Williston, North Dakota, a $240 million project. In Glendale, Ariz., an 80-acre planned development community called Aspera will incorporate more than 280 apartments, a senior-living campus, living geared toward developmentally disabled adults and a health center, among other retail options.
Jonathan Sage-Martinson, director of the St. Paul Department of Planning and Economic Development, said in a written statement that “redevelopment on this site will play an important role in further enhancing downtown vibrancy and embracing our position as a river city.”
Construction could occur from 2018 to 2021.
More information about the county's riverfront work is online at ramseyriverfrontproperties.com.
Often we read in the news or on forums about strange laws that people find amusing – laws that appear to involve killing Welshmen in Chester or pregnant women peeing in police officers's helmets. The only problem is that many of them don't actually exist.
But the following ones do. Here are six offences that are still on the books in England and Wales.
1. Handling salmon in suspicious circumstances
Under Section 32 of the 1986 Salmon Act, it is an offence to handle salmon “in suspicious circumstances”. There's not much more that can really be said. Just don't do it.
2. Firing a cannon within 300 yards of a house
In Section 55 of the 1839 Metropolitan Police Act, it is made an offence to discharge any “Cannon or other fire-arm of greater Calibre than a common Fowling Piece” within 300 yards of anyone in London.
If, however, you did have the cheek to fire a piece of artillery in your back garden “to the Annoyance of any Inhabitant”, then you shall apparently be liable to a serious punishment – “A Penalty not more than Five Pounds”, in fact.
3. Jumping the queue on the Underground
Within the first paragraph of the Transport for London Railway Bylaws, it is clearly made against the law to jump the queue on the Tube. The regulation states: “Any person directed by a notice to queue or asked to queue by an authorised person shall join the rear of the queue.”
So remember to think before you fight your way to top up your Oyster card.
4. Touching Pelicans
Deep within the 1997 Royal Parks and Other Open Spaces Regulations, it is made clear in subsection 24 of Section 4 that “touch[ing] any deer or pelican” is an act that is illegal unless you have received the permission of the Secretary of State.
So before you go and bother any pelicans, remember to ask Maria Miller first.
5. Wearing armours in Parliament
One of the oldest statutes that is still on the books in this country dates from 1313 and forbids Bearing of Armour, enacted by Edward II.
This statute, while originally written in French 700 years ago, still states that: “In all Parliaments … Man shall come without all Force and Armour.” The punishment for breaking the wishes of Edward are unclear, although we could ask Michael Fabricant to find out for us.
6. Being drunk and in charge of a cow
Unless you wish to pay the fine of 40 shillings and spend a month in jail, it is not recommended that you attempt to be in charge of cattle after a heavy night out, as, in Section 12 of the 1872 Licensing Act, you are guilty of an offence.
The section concerned also makes it illegal to be drunk and “in charge… [of] a steam engine”.
Last month the annual international auto show invaded the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City, displaying the world's the newest vehicles and concept cars. The Big Apple doesn't get quite the cool debuts that Detroit or Geneva does, (No Volvo Concept Estate for this station wagon lover) but it's still fun to see so much glitz and sparkle in one place.
I'm not in the market to buy a new car, nor do I ever see myself being so. I'm just too frugal to put that much money down on an asset that will depreciate so quickly, and I've got enough loans with Sallie Mae to last my lifetime. I'll just keep tinkering with my old Volvo and do the best I can to keep it on the road in good shape.
In the spirit of making the best of what you've got, I present a competition: my 1992 Volvo 240 wagon versus all of the cars at the NY Auto Show. The competitive criteria will be based on the classic characteristics of the 240 series of Volvos. Boxiness. Cargo room. Slowness. Safety. Longevity. How does the cavalcade of new passenger vehicles stack up against my trusty black brick? Let's find out.
Round 1: Boxiness
The 240 is the gold standard of boxy vehicle design, with a steep windshield and more right angles than a box of t-squares. Over the years the term of derision "boxy" has morphed into a badge of honor. Designers and marketers realize that not every car has to be shaped like a suppository and that it's hip to be square. Nissan even named their cube-shaped subcompact the… Cube. What was once outré is now in.
There were quite a few boxy cars at the NY show, including the Scion xB and the Kia Soul. But these rectangular cars look sleek and aerodynamic when put up against to the box-on-box design of the 240.
Winner: Volvo 240
Round 2: Cargo room
Unlike car buyers in European countries, US consumers have a slim selection of station wagons to choose from. Manufacturers assume that if an American wants more cargo room they'll just buy an SUV rather than a passenger car with a long roofline. The selection at the auto show reflected this assumption. Even carmakers that offer wagons, like BMW and Mercedes-Benz, didn't have any on display on the show floor.
A notable exception was the NY debut of the VW Golf SportWagen Concept. It's a sleek update to the Jetta SportWagen and Volkswagen claims it has 10 percent more cargo room than the outgoing model. According to my calculations, this puts its rear space, with seats folded down, at 73.5 cubic feet, just shy of the 76 cubic feet of the Volvo 240 wagon.
However, while wandering into the territory of Volvo's former step-parents I discovered the Ford Flex. While the Flex is termed a crossover utility vehicle, I find it to be the closest thing to a classic station wagon as you can find. With a max cargo room of 83.2 cubic feet it trumps the Volvo and even has slightly more space with the rear seats up: 43.2 vs 41.1 cubic feet.
Winner: NY International Auto Show
Round 3: Slowness
I had a difficult time finding a car that had less power than the 114hp rated standard red block 240. Even the hamster-powered Kia Soul puts out 164 horses. To find a vehicle that had less power than my lumbering brick I had to travel to the far reaches of the GM annex of the Javits Center, all the way to the back, where I was introduced to the Chevy Spark.
With a 1.2 liter engine, the 84hp Chevrolet Spark had the lowest horsepower rating of any of the cars I saw at the auto show (For the record, I don't think the 70hp Smart fortwo counts as a car. Street legal golf cart, yes; car, not so much). With a five-speed manual transmission the Spark can accelerate from 0-60 mph in about 12 seconds. You can rest assured that a Volvo 240 will accelerate to 60mph also, if you have enough time in the day.
While the Spark has less power than the 240 it also has considerably less weight. At 2269 pounds the Spark's power to weight ratio comes in at .037 hp per 1lb. A Volvo 240 wagon weighing 3200 pounds has a power to weight ratio of .036 hp, thus giving the Volvo a .001 hp ratio disadvantage over the the Spark.
Winner for losing: Volvo 240
Round 4: Safety
According to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, the Volvo 240 wagon was the safest car on the road in 1994, with no deaths reported in any late model 240s from 1989-1993. While that is an impressive feat, car safety has come a long way in the past 20 years.
My 1992 brick has a driver side airbag and ABS. According to the Volvo US website, the new 2015 Volvo V60 Sportswagon offers the following safety features: Collision Warning with Full Auto Brake; Pedestrian and Cyclist Detection; City Safety; Blind Spot Information System; Cross Traffic Alert; Driver Alert Control; Lane Departure Warning; Road Sign Information; Side Impact Protection System; Whiplash Protection System; Tunnel Detection; Pyrotechnical pretensioners; etc.
Winner: NY International Auto Show
Round 5: Longevity
Our last category is longevity. We can't really predict how long any of these new vehicles will last. Volkswagen's latest ad campaign claims that there are more VW cars on the road with over 100k miles than any other brand. That sets the bar pretty low since the current crop of automobiles are more dependable that ever before and can be expected to last over 250k miles. While that kind of durability may be impressive, it's not uncommon to hear stories of Volvo 240s hitting one MILLION miles. And while I'm sure there are plenty of Hondas and Toyotas also reaching one million miles, the current world record for most miles driven by one person in one vehicle is THREE million miles, by Irv Gordon and their 1966 Volvo P1800S. Volvo FTW.
Winner by family association: Volvo 240
And the champion is: Volvo 240 Wagon
This totally unbiased competition puts my 1992 Volvo 240 above the entire inventory of new cars at the New York International Auto Show. Considering I bought it for 10% of the price of even the cheapest new car, it's a bargain too!
About the author: Jay Boucher
Jay Boucher is a weekend DIY mechanic who loves station wagons and redblock Volvos. When he's not scraping their knuckles under their 1992 Volvo 245, he's working as a freelance illustrator and interactive designer in northern NJ. Jay's portfolio is at jayboucher.com and they blog at myblackbrick.com.
If common stereotypes have anything to say on the matter, it's that introverts are socially awkward loners who abhor large crowds and don't like people very much. An introvert may not be a particularly friendly or happy person, but hey, at least they're smarter and more creative than the average extrovert.
Photo credit: KIEFERPIX via Getty Images
Despite comprising an estimated one-third of the general population, introversion may be one of the most frequently misunderstood personality traits. But the silent revolution of introverts -- catapulted into the spotlight largely by the work of Susan Cain, author of Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking -- is shedding light on the experience of introverts living in a culture that tends to value extroverted qualities like assertiveness and outspokenness over solitude and quiet contemplation.
Much of the problem stems from the lack of a simple distinction between introversion and extroversion -- the difference is far more complex than being shy versus outgoing, according to Sophia Dembling, author of The Introvert's Way: Living a Quiet Life in a Noisy World. The introversion/extroversion distinction has its roots in Jungian psychology, which views extroverts as being more naturally oriented towards the outside world, and introverts more focused on their own inner world.
“The description that introverts seem to relate most strongly to is the idea that Jung presented, that introverts are drained of energy by interaction, and gain energy in solitude and quiet, whereas extroverts gain energy in social situations with interaction," Dembling tells The Huffington Post. "It seems to be most strongly an energy thing –- where you get your energy and what takes it out of you.”
If you're an introvert, you might be used to feeling misunderstood (many introvert children are criticized for not speaking up at school, and grow up being told to "come out of their shells") and having your actions (or inaction) misinterpreted. And if you're an extrovert, there's a good chance that you have the least a few misconceptions about those mysterious quiet types in your life. Scroll through the list below for six of the most common false assumptions about introverts -- and why they're wrong.
1. All introverts are shy -- and all shy people are introverts.
Shyness is so often confused with introversion that the two words are frequently used interchangeably -- but in fact, they're remarkably different traits. As Susan Cain pointed out in a Psychology Today blog, Bill Gates is introverted but not shy: He's quiet and bookish, but isn't bothered by what other people think of him.
Whereas introversion, as Dembling explains, is commonly defined as recharging and gaining energy through alone time, shyness has more to do with discomfort and anxiety in situations involving social interaction. Many introverts aren't shy; they may feel confident and at ease around people, but simply require more alone time to balance out the energy they expend in social situations. Similarly, an extrovert may seek the company of others but feel insecure or uncomfortable in groups.
“The number-one misconception about introversion is that it's about shyness,” says Dembling. “The best distinction I've heard comes from a neuroscientist who studies shyness. They said, 'Shyness is a behavior -– it's being fearful in a social situation. Whereas introversion is a motivation. It's how much you want and need to be in those interactions.'"
2. Introverts don't like to be around people.
Although introverts do generally need -- and enjoy -- more solitude than their extroverted counterparts, the idea that introverts are antisocial or don't want the company of others is completely false. They just tend to enjoy social interaction in a different way than extroverts do.
“There are a lot of negative labels placed on introverts -- socially anxious, don't like people, judgmental (because we sit quietly)," says Dembling. "Introverts may prefer one-on-one interaction ... we might enjoy large parties but want to sit and watch the action from the sidelines. Extroverts may interpret this as not wanting to have fun, but this observation is fun for an introvert."
Introversion shouldn't be confused with misanthropy -- introverts do like people, but they typically favor quality over quantity in their relationships, choosing to focus on creating a smaller circle of close friends rather than a large network of acquaintances.
“I like to say that we may like people more than extroverts because we take the time to get to know them ... It's just a completely different style,” says Dembling.
3. Introverts don't make good leaders or public speakers.
Many introverts enjoy and excel in roles that involve leading others, speaking publicly, and being in the spotlight. Bill Gates, Abraham Lincoln, Gandhi and countless other leaders through history have been classified as introverts. These leaders may also foster a better team environment, as research has shown they might work better in groups than extroverts do. And according to USA Today, roughly four in 10 top executives test as introverts.
Research has found that individuals of both personality types can be well-suited to leadership and sales roles.
"The good news ... is that in some sense we are all born to sell and equipped to lead," writes author Daniel Pink in a Washington Post blog. "And that means a hidden but urgent challenge for organizations of every kind is to shatter the stereotype of who's an effective leader."
And when it comes to public speaking, introverts aren't the shrinking violets they're often thought to be, and they might actually have the upper hand over extroverts. Because introverts focus on preparing projects and thinking things through thoroughly before acting, they can be excellent speakers, says Dembling. Susan Cain's charismatically delivered TED talk on the power of introverts, for instance, was one of the fastest TED videos ever to reach one million views -- and it's just one of countless examples.
4. Introverts have more negative personalities.
Because they actually like being alone, introverts are sometimes stereotyped as having more depressive or negative-slanting personalities. This misconception likely stems from the fact that extroverts -- who gain their energy from social interaction -- might feel sad when they don't spend enough time with people, Dembling says.
"When extroverts are in an introverted place for too long, spending time alone or being quiet, they can report feeling sad and depressed," says Dembling. “Because they feel sad when they're alone, maybe they therefore think we feel sad when we've been alone. That misconception is coming from a genuine concern, but it's more putting their feelings on us.”
Most introverts don't connect solitude with loneliness, unless it becomes excessive. That being said, although introverts do not innately have more depressive personalities, they do tend to spend more time thinking and analyzing -- and if this turns to ruminating, it could potentially lead to depression.
"There's a definite link between rumination and depression," says Dembling. "Because introverts do like thinking and being alone, we need to keep ourselves in check.”
5. Introverts are more intellectual or creative than extroverts.
Many of the most celebrated artists and thinkers throughout history -- including Albert Einstein, Marcel Proust and Charles Darwin -- were thought to be quiet types. Introverts are sometimes touted as being "more intelligent, more reflective, more independent, more level-headed, more refined, and more sensitive," as Jonathan Rauch writes in an Atlantic article, "Caring For Your Introvert." But before any quiet types climb atop an intellectual high horse, it's important to note being an introvert doesn't innately make you a loftier, or more innovative, thinker. Extroverts are, of course, often incredibly intelligent and creative; there's just a good chance that their best ideas happen while they're in a more reflective, or introverted, mindset.
“Creativity occurs in an introverted space … but that doesn't mean we've cornered the market on it," says Dembling. "Without both introverts and extroverts, things wouldn't get done. We've got one person thinking it through and one person going out and slaying the dragon.”
6. It's easy to tell whether someone is introverted or extroverted.
Many introverts could easily go out to a cocktail party and talk up everyone in the room -- and they may enjoy themselves doing it. But at the end of the day, they'll look forward to restoring their energy by coming home and reading in bed with a cup of tea. Given our culture's bias towards extroverted personality traits, many introverts have become accustomed to being the wolf in sheep's clothing -- behaving like an extrovert in social situations, and perhaps acting more outspoken and gregarious than they feel on the inside. Or they may enjoy the social interaction and attention, but later crave time alone to recover.
“Most introverts are very good at behaving like extroverts," says Dembling. "A lot of us are out there behaving as extroverts ... but then we have to shut it down. I call it my ‘dog and pony show.' But then you have to be quiet and regain your energy for the next time. The long I'm out there putting on the show, the longer I need to recuperate.”
Before
After
Digi Tutorials Simple way to pencil sketch any image in Adobe Photoshop Step 1: Choose Layer > New > Layer via Copy to create a layer from copied data.
Step 2: Choose Image > Adjustments > Desaturate to convert a color image to grayscale values while leaving the image in the same color mode.
Step 3: Choose Layer > New > Layer via Copy to create a layer from copied data.
Step 4: Choose Image > Adjustments > Invert to invert the colors of the image.
Step 5: Select Color Dodge from the drop-down menu for Blend Mode.
Step 6: Choose Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur to apply an adjustable Gaussian Blur to the image. Set the Radius slider accordingly to your desire. Click OK to apply the changes.
Step 7: Choose Layer > Flatten Image to flatten the image (compressing all layers into one).
Step 8: Merge and Save.
6 January 2015 | jenperkins123
10 | One of the very inspiring people that Johnny Depp "collects"
Johnny Depp, who is intriguing himself, seems to collect other intriguing people as friends. This documentary is about their friend Ralph Steadman, the artist who collaborated with Hunter S. Thompson and did a range of other fascinating work including illustrations for children's' books.
Steadman demonstrates their creative process, discusses their love/hate relationship with Hunter S. Thompson, and talks about what they were and still is trying to achieve with theirs art.
If you enjoy explorations into the intimate, fascinating details about artists and their work, you will love this film. If you've read Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, it will be all the more interesting.
I appreciated that Johnny Depp remained as invisible as possible, making sure Ralph Steadman took center stage. By the end of this movie, I was fascinated by the artist, and I am planning to view some of the books they have illustrated.
Detailed documentaries about artists and their thought processes are not for everyone, but if you are fascinated by this type of film, you will not be disappointed in this one.
Frank Seravalli TSN Senior Hockey Reporter Follow|Archive
The NHL's annual preseason media tour in New York is nicknamed the “car wash,” because it's a steady lineup of stars moving from one room to the next at league headquarters answering questions.
The questions range from silly to serious. One favourite: “When was the last time you cried?”
Winnipeg Jets centre Mark Scheifele was not asked that question, but they aren't all business in their wide-ranging chat with TSN and ESPN last week following their breakout season:
Q: If you were Commissioner Bettman and you could make one rule change to better the game, what would it be?
Scheifele: “Go to the Olympics, I would say. I know I was definitely disappointed with the news last year about the Olympics.”
Q: Why are the Olympics so important to you?
Scheifele: “It's like the next best thing. We all dream of winning the Stanley Cup, but right there is winning a gold medal, playing for Team Canada in the Olympics. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I think when you have even the slightest chance of making the team you want to have that opportunity to play.”
Q: Coming off last season, there has been a significant increase in expectations in Winnipeg. Do you sense that?
Scheifele: “I mean, we scored a lot of goals last year. With the buzz around [Patrik] Laine, a kid like [Nik] Ehlers, then we make pickups like [Steve] Mason and [Dmitry] Kulikov. We have a little bit of buzz around us, maybe a lot more in Winnipeg than around the hockey world, but we all feel those expectations every year.
We know that we've got to make the playoffs. It's not we hope to make the playoffs; we need to make the playoffs. I know I want to be in the playoffs. I want to go on a long run. There's nothing more fun than winning. But I think we're all feeling that pressure to do some big things this year.”
Q: What do you think held the Jets back last year?
Scheifele: “Our whole team just didn't click. One game we'd be great defensively, but we couldn't score. The next game we'd score, but we'd be terrible defensively. We have to be consistent each and every night.
We do have the firepower to score. We have the horses on the back end, and we've got good goaltending that's going to keep the puck out of the net. That's a big thing for us – just finding that consistency together. Not half the time, all the time. Every game we have to know what we're getting out of each other.
It's an exciting time for us. Hopefully we start to make some more waves, start to make the playoffs and make the Stanley Cup. Hopefully we're right up there.”
Q: What's it like having a 19-year-old celebrity in your dressing room?
Scheifele: “We always give it to him; tell them he's a god in Finland.”
Q: Tuukka Rask was just here and they said Laine and Teemu Selanne are the two biggest names back home. He's almost like Teemu Jr.
Scheifele: “Honestly, it's crazy though. We don't think of it because we're in Canada and we don't see a lot of it, but this year with the media attention they had and the stardom they have, it is crazy. There was Finnish media there every day.
I was like, ‘Give this guy a break, he's 18 years old. Let's get them a day off.'”
Q: If we didn't know Laine, how would you describe him?
Scheifele: “He's pretty quiet, actually. He's a pretty humble guy. Pretty soft spoken. He's not talking your ear off, that's for sure. I know in the media they got a [reputation] for being a little too confident, but he's literally the opposite if you were to talk to them outside of the rink.”
Q: Do you think any of that “confidence” is a language barrier?
Scheifele: “A little bit, but I think they also know they are good. He's a really talented hockey player. If they get asked a question, they are going to answer it honestly. But if you talk to them off the ice, he's humble. They want to do the best for their linemates. They want the best for everyone. It's not, ‘I'm the best. I'm the greatest.' It's something that before I met them I probably never would have thought, listening to the media interviews before the draft. The humility and quietness that comes with them was a little bit of a shock.”
Q: How do you pass time on the plane?
Scheifele: “I watch shows and movies. I either sit with [Julian] Melchiori or [Michael] Hutchinson, which is tough because I don't know if either of them will be there this year. I might need to find new buddies. We'll rent a movie or buy a movie or show. I have a splitter so we can both put our headphones in. I watched The OC last year with Hutch. Great show.
With Melchiori, we'd talk the night before and figure out what movie we should watch. We usually pick stupid comedies, but I never saw Inception before this year. I was like, ‘This is awesome.' Mind blown.
It's a good way to decompress. I don't like to think a lot. On the plane, it's like the one time you're not on your phone. You can watch a mindless show or good movie and relax.”
Q: What do you know about Steve Mason?
Scheifele: “Calder Trophy winner. Good goalie. Obviously a little different style [Mason catches with their right hand], though we were kind of used to it with Hutch a little bit. We all know they are a solid goaltender and we're hoping that they continue to progress their game. I read in some interviews they said he's feeling the best he's ever felt in their career. Hopefully he's a good fit with our team and our system.”
Q: What's the feeling going into the season with a new face in net? Would it be nice to not have to answer questions about goaltending anymore?
Scheifele: “I think excitement. We know we have a solidified NHL goaltender. There were always questions: Is it a young guy? Is it Hellebuyck or Hutch? Is it Pav [Ondrej Pavelec]? Obviously, Hellebuyck is an unbelievable goaltender and he's only getting better because he's young - goalies don't reach their peak until a little bit later. They can come in and take the starting job. But I think it's always comforting when you have a veteran, solidified goaltender in net.”
Q: You've made consecutive jumps of 15, 12 and last year 21 points - netting a career-high 82 points last year. What's next? How do you improve on an already good year?
Scheifele: “Everything I worked on this summer. I had a pretty good plan in mind of things I needed to work on. I'm a pretty hard-working guy. I don't want to just be seventh in the league in scoring; I want to be at the top. That's something I can push for, whether it's in the gym or on the ice. No matter what it is, I want to be the best. I try to work harder than any other guy in the league. It's a tough thing to do but you've got to make some sacrifices to do that. I'm definitely willing to put them in.”
Tuesday, Jan. 22 is the day Democrats in the Senate will either vote to make that body function again, or will institute another "handshake agreement" between Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell that works about as well as the last agreement.
As Reid approaches this critical deadline, here are some thoughts for him. They're actually thoughts from them over the past nine months.
Sen. Reid in December: “We're going to change the rules. We cannot continue in this way. So I hope we can get something Republicans will work with us on. But it won't be a handshake. [...] We tried that last time; it didn't work.”
Sen. Reid in November: “I think the rules have been abused, and we are going to work to change them. We will not do away with the filibuster, but we will make the Senate a more meaningful place. We are going to make it so we can get things done."
Sen. Reid in July: “We could have [changed the rules] in the last Congress. But I got on the Senate floor and said that I made a mistake and I should have helped with that.”
And in May, after Senate Republicans blocked the reauthorization of the Export-Import bank, Reid stated, “If there were ever a time when Tom Udall and Jeff Merkley were prophetic, it's tonight. These two young, fine senators said it was time to change the rules of the Senate, and we didn't. They were right. The rest of us were wrong—or most of us, anyway. What a shame. [...] If there were anything that ever needed changing in this body, it's the filibuster rules, because it's been abused, abused, abused.”
Reid is reportedly backing away from the idea of reinstating a talking filibuster, a rule that would require the opposition to a bill or nomination to sustain their opposition vocally, transparently, and through some hard work. That's the least that should be required of our Senate.
On the other hand, Reid is said to be considering a rule that could work to end frivolous filibusters: shifting the burden to the minority to provide 41 votes to prove they have numbers to prevent a vote, instead of forcing the majority to gain 60 votes. That too would end the ability of a single, anonymous senator to block a vote and force the opposition to own their obstruction, making blocking progress much more difficult.
The talking filibuster would be tremendous reform, and flipping the burden on blocking votes would be huge. Adopting them in combination would help make the Senate function again. At the same time, neither would take away minority rights. Votes and nominations could still be blocked by the minority, but that effort would have to once again be out in the open with floor statements and/or recorded votes.
Reid has to put forward at least one of these proposals, preferably both. He's reportedly willing to use the "constitutional option," a 51-vote majority, to pass the reform. They need to make it count.
Please send an email to your Democratic senator/s urging them to pass real filibuster reform including the talking filibuster and/or flipping the burden.
If you don't have a Democratic senator, call Reid's office at 202-224-3542, and tell them to include the talking filibuster and/or flipping the burden of the filibuster.
To start, we might as well revisit the difference between command and control, or at least the accepted version of that difference: control is the ability to throw the ball into the strike zone, while command is the ability to throw the ball to a particular location. While we can easily measure the first by looking at strike-zone percentage, it's also immediately apparent that the second skill is more interesting. A pitcher often wants to throw the ball outside of the zone, after all.
We've tried to put a number on command many different ways. I'm not sure we've succeeded, despite significant and interesting advances.
You could consider strikeout minus walk rate (K-BB%) an attempt, but it also captures way too much “stuff” to be a reliable command metric — a dominant pitch, thrown into the strike zone with no command, could still earn a lot of strikeouts and limit walks.
COMMANDf/x represented a valiant attempt towards solving this problem by tracking how far the catcher's glove moved from the original target to the actual location at which it acquired the ball. But there were problems with that method of analysis. For one, the stat was never made public. Even if it were, however, catchers don't all show the target the same way. Chris Iannetta, for example, told me once that their relaxation moment, between showing a target and then trying to frame the ball, was something they had to monitor to become a better framer. Watch them receive this low pitch: does it seem like we could reliably affix the word “target” to one of these moments, and then judge the pitch by how far the glove traveled after that moment?
How about all those times when the catcher is basically just indicating inside vs. outside, and it's up to the pitcher to determine degree? What happens when the catcher pats the ground to tell them to throw it low, or exaggerates their high target? There are more than a few questions about an approach affixed to a piece of equipment, sometimes haphazardly used.
The results of COMMANDf/x were also interesting from another viewpoint. They suggested that the average pitcher missed their spots by 13 inches, and that even the best pitcher (Dallas Keuchel, in that particular sample), throwing a fastball on a 3-0 count, missed the glove by almost 10 inches. Most catchers and pitchers who've heard this factoid from me have laughed and then expressed their disagreement in some form or another.
You could take away from those last numbers that command is overrated and we should focus on stuff. That might be a good takeaway, considering how difficult it is to command a pitch. One degree of difference in your release angle on the mound means a foot of difference at the plate. Even if we do our best, our bodies and our mechanics are complicated enough to make multiple degrees of difference upon release an inescapable reality.
Or maybe we need to get better at measuring command.
Baseball Prospectus has a great stat called Called Strikes Above Average that attempts to strip out all sorts of context to see the what effect the pitcher has on the probability of a called strike. That's awesome! It even strips out the effect of the catcher's framing, which is important to all of this. One thing it doesn't do right now, though? Account for the swinging strike. Some pitchers get called strikes with command, some use their command to coax a swing out of the better.
One method that I've found compelling in the past is Bill Petti's Edge statistics. They described a location that was the width of a baseball inside the strike zone as the edges and then tracked which pitchers were able to hit that location.
The latest rollout of new Statcast stats and search functions has updated those Edge stats to create a new zone that also includes a baseball's width on the outside of the zone. Enlarging the target area to just outside as well as inside the zone makes sense. You often want to put that ball just outside the batter's reach, especially on a swinging-strike count.
So, let's look at the list of pitchers who can best put the ball within a ball's width of the strike zone, and let's limit it to counts where the pitcher is ahead. Presumably, in those cases, the pitcher isn't trying to throw to the middle of the zone to get a strike.
It's a weird list. Anyone who watched a Michael Pineda start last year — including our own Nick Stellini — would have sworn that command was their problem. Pineda, of course, produced excellent strikeout and walk rates. They also allowed way more runs than their fielding-independent numbers would have suggested they should. Why? Because they allowed loud contact when they aren't missing bats. The sort of loud contact, you'd think, that results from missing a spot.
Perhaps, then, it's because this edge-throwing methodology doesn't account for the fact that Pineda's misses are middle-middle? Pineda was 167th out of 238 in hitting the very middle of the zone in these counts, and is 67th out of 73 so far this year. I don't think that's it. They threw their slider middle-middle 37th-most out of 117 qualifiers last year. Is that it? Slider command? Is it possible that Pineda can miss bats, limit walks, hit the edges better than almost anyone… and yet lack great command?
And then there's the relationship of stuff and command in the other direction. If you don't have great stuff, you have to live closer to the zone and try to get called strikes. Do Kyle Gibson, Jason Vargas, and Tommy Milone have great command, or are they nibblers who have to take little picks and pecks at the zone and make sure they get no closer? Would it change your mind if you knew that nobody has a higher edge-of-zone minus heart-of-zone percentage this year than Gibson? Maybe, in this case, nibbling is command, and it's a lack of raw stuff that's hurting us from understanding it as such.
Our sniff test is all we have in these cases, and while it's nice to see Clayton Kershaw on here — he's the first name out of any pitcher's mouth these days during a discussion on command — there's also Francisco Liriano. Nobody's paragon of command.
I don't know how many times I've stifled a cuss word during a Rich Hill start, when they can't find the zone with their fastball — even while he's hitting their spots with their curveball. So that brings up fastball vs. secondary command, which can greatly vary from pitcher to pitcher. Most pitchers have better fastball command than breaking-ball command, it's just Hill alone on that mountain.
It's tempting to zero in on fastball command, but even when you re-do that list from above for only fastballs, you'll get your head scratchers (Vince Velasquez and Tyler Glasnow?). Maybe they were aiming for low and inside and it ended up low and outside.
The core problem may be unsolvable. In order to best judge command, you'd have to know exactly what the pitcher intended to do with the ball. Without being able to ask each pitcher, we're left guessing at their intent, and that's what causes our issues. Is intent where the catcher puts their mitt? Can we use the count to guide our attempt to understand intent? Is command the same for different pitches?
It seems the best approach would account for as many factors as possible, and it might even need to be run by humans. It might not be measured in inches missed or balls put in a certain zone. Maybe it's best treated as a binary question! Did the pitcher achieve their intent or not?
Perhaps a human could score a game with a few designations — things like hung (secondary pitches too high in the zone on swinging counts), yanked (dirt or low), way off (completely different zone than intended), just missed, missed, and nailed — that they can put on each pitch. A human can watch and say something like “Well, it was clear they wanted that outside and they got it outside but not far enough, or too far” versus “Yeah that was low like they wanted, but low and inside instead of low and outside.” Perhaps we'd differentiate between “missed high/low” and “missed inside/outside.” Perhaps we'd be able to talk about a pitcher's command to different sides of the plate, and differentiate between guys who hang secondaries and those that miss vertically or horizontally.
Without that human to judge the pitch, it's really hard, if not impossible, to figure out exactly what that pitcher meant to do. And that's a prerequisite for judging command.
By Annie Laurie Gaylor
Co-President
Freedom From Religion Foundation
The Republican platform proposals up for a full vote at the convention reveal the continuing aspiration by many to make “GOP” stand for “God's Own Party.”
The platform committee approved language that defines marriage as “the union between one man and one woman,” opposes adoption by same-sex couples, and supports protection of business that deny services to same-sex couples. The platform proposal calls for overturning via constitutional amendment the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling establishing marriage equality, and for appointing judges who “respect traditional family values.” The platform promotes state laws to limit which restrooms transgender people can use.
Those planks were adopted even before Donald Trump chose as their running mate Gov. Mike Pence, whose legislation in Indiana to allow discrimination against gays in the name of religion provoked a national backlash, and who is known for their fundamentalist homophobia.
One of the proposed plank's radical elements is to approve the rights of parents to use “conversion therapy” and enlist a therapist to try and change a child's sexual orientation — a practice banned in a number of states, as The Washington Post points out.
The anti-gay provisions prompted committee member Annie Dickerson to ask, “Has a dead horse been beaten enough yet?”
Of most concern to the work of FFRF is the proposed plank to promote the use of the bible in our public school curriculum as elective courses. The platform says teaching the bible in public schools is “indispensable for the development of an educated citizenry.” (It's strangely silent on the need to teach the Koran, or, say, Richard Dawkins' “The God Delusion.”)
Theoretically, were we in Candide's “best of all possible worlds,” such courses would not be controversial. I took an informative elective six-week course in my progressive public high school on “The Bible as Literature,” in which we primarily read novels that elaborated on some biblical literary (not religious) themes.
But with half of the thousands of state/church complaints FFRF took last year stemming from religious incursions in our public schools, we know it's a fact that many teachers, coaches and even principals view a captive audience of public school students as their own private recruiting territory. At FFRF, we are constantly chasing the Gideon Society and its bible-toting male evangelists out of public schools, and monitoring the imposition of prayer and religious ritual upon students. Those violations can be as blatant as a cross on classroom walls, a painting of praying children in a principal's office or baptism dunkings on school football fields during practice (violations all halted by FFRF).
A well-known study of Pennsylvania science teachers found 13 percent advocated creationism in the classroom, and a majority failed to take a solid stance on evolution, in order to avoid conflict. Fewer than 30 percent took a clear pro-evolutionary stance. So even if teachers aren't fundamentalists or creationists, they often cater to those special interest groups out of fear of reprisal.
In a nation where three in four still see the bible as “the Word of God,” either literally (28 percent) or as divinely inspired (about half), how can we expect most classroom discussion to stay dispassionate?
Well, we can't. And that's why the bible proposal is in the draft plank. According to The New York Times, the hand of Family Research Council President Tony Perkins “could be seen in dozens of amendments on issues like gun control, religious expression and bathroom use.” Another engineer of the platform, also according to The Times, was Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who's “been busy shaping extremist positions in the party platform to suppress immigration, gun controls and same-sex marriage.”
In short, theopolitics is alive and well in what used to want to be known as the Grand Old Party.
FFRF is a national nonprofit dedicated to keeping state and church separate and educating about nontheism. For more information and a copy of our paper, Freethought Today, please click here.
The ghost of Freddie Mercury singing about North Carolina in the new Netflix show "Big Mouth." (Credit: Screenshot/Netflix)
North Carolina might have repealed anti-LGBTQ law House Bill 2 (HB2), but it isn't done as a laughingstock. No wonder, since the repeal was more or less in name only, and discrimination is alive and well in the state.
Netflix's “Big Mouth” is the latest show to take a shot at the Tar Heel state for fostering a hostile environment for the LGBTQ community.
The show's third episode, titled “Am I Gay?,” sees main character Andrew, voiced by John Mulaney, questioning their sexual orientation.
Related: ‘Bohemian Rhapsody' director shares photo of Rami Malek as Freddie Mercury
- - - advertisement - - -
They seek advice from the ghost of Duke Ellington, a reoccurring character on the show, admitting they find the possibility of being gay scary.
“Only if you find disposable income and terrific summer houses scary,” Ellington's ghost laughs.
“Did you know any gay people when you were alive?” Andrew asks.
“Of course,” Ellington says. “I was in show business, the official profession of the gay people.”
They then introduces Andrew to “famous deceased homosexuals” Socrates, Freddie Mercury and Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
That's right, the episode out Scalia from the grave. We will let you watch the episode to hear their explanation of why they wish they didn't stay closeted in life. Suffice to say, it's not exactly SFW.
- - - advertisement - - -
Subscribe to our Weekly Newsletter:
Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
All three of the gay ghosts encourage the youth to accept himself. Mercury tells them “being gay can be bloody brilliant.” But there's a catch, as you can see in the video below.
“When you're gay, every day is a nonstop cabaret,” ghost Freddie sings. “You've got style and flair, you're loved everywhere, except for North Carolina.”
Ouch.
The show handles the issue of a young person questioning their sexuality with surprising delicacy, considering how raunchy and non-politically correct it is willing to be at times.
It has been targeted by the so-called “alt-right,” a rebranding of white nationalism/supremacy, who are claiming to be offended by its portrayal of adolescents going through puberty and battling with their hormones, arguing it promotes pedophilia.
Really, it is all just a continuation of a battle they picked with Netflix over the series “Dear White People,” based on the film of the same name.
You can watch the rest of the episode on Netflix.
64 SHARES Facebook Twitter
- - - advertisement - - -
Posted by Jeff Taylor / Social Media Editor Jeff Taylor is a journalist and artist. In addition to QNotes, their work has appeared in publications such The Charlotte Observer, Creative Loafing Charlotte, Inside Lacrosse, and McSweeney's Internet Tendency. They graduated from the State University of New York at Brockport and has lived in Charlotte since 2006.@jefftaylorhuman.
Team Sky's Richie Porte is in contention for the King of the Mountains jersey behind Chris Froome
Richie Porte, a team-mate of Tour de France leader Chris Froome, claims they were punched during this year's race as spectators rounded on Team Sky.
The Australian says they were struck during stage 10 on Tuesday as Froome won to take a lead of two minutes 52 seconds, an advantage which remains.
Froome, the 2013 winner, has been under scrutiny due to their superiority and has had to deny claims of cheating.
"I was [punched] in the last 3km. I got a full-on punch," Porte, 30, said.
"It was the same atmosphere on Alpe d'Huez two years ago."
Britain's Froome currently leads second-placed Tejay van Garderen after 13 of 21 stages.
After they eked out a lead with a stunning performance on Tuesday, they insisted they were a "clean rider" but said they understood why there were doubts because of the history of the sport.
Former Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong was stripped of seven titles after they admitted doping.
Porte told The Telegraph Cycling Podcast: "They are so anti-whatever we are. Do I deserve to be booed? Does Chris Froome deserve all this? I don't think so.
"Maybe in 10 years' time they're going to see that these victories are legitimate.
"It's a disgrace how some of these people carry on."
Porte approached spectators earlier this week after being abused.
"It's a disgrace they say the same thing to Chris Froome," Porte added. "Just because this team has got its act together.
"We do everything right. Look at the Tour we are having. You can't question that we are getting stuck in for Froomey.
"Seven of us at the bottom for him. No other team had that. It's because we are organised and committed."
Despite claims made about Team Sky, Porte said Froome has a relaxed attitude.
Porte said: "When they were giving them abuse I heard them laugh about it. He's got a thick skin and you need that in the yellow jersey."
Caesar Goodson Jr., one of six Baltimore police officers charged in connection with the death of Freddie Gray, arrives at the courthouse.
June 23, 2016 Caesar Goodson Jr., one of six Baltimore police officers charged in connection with the death of Freddie Gray, arrives at the courthouse. Patrick Semansky/AP
A judge cleared a police driver on all charges. Gray's death from injuries sustained in police custody had set off Baltimore's worst riots in decades.
The scene at the Baltimore courthouse as the officer is acquitted of all charges in Freddie Gray death
The scene at the Baltimore courthouse as the officer is acquitted of all charges in Freddie Gray death
A judge on Thursday found the sole officer charged with murder in the death of Freddie Gray not guilty of all counts, leaving prosecutors without a conviction for the third time in the high-profile case that spurred riots and unrest in the city last year.
The verdict in the trial of Caesar Goodson Jr. is the second acquittal handed down by Baltimore Circuit Court Judge Barry G. Williams in the case. The judge last month acquitted the second officer who went to trial in Gray's death. The first officer's trial ended in a hung jury.
Goodson, 46, drove the van that transported Gray through West Baltimore the morning of April 12, 2015, when the 25-year-old was arrested. Gray suffered a severe neck injury in the back of the van and died a week later.
[Baltimore prosecutors must weigh giving up on Freddie Gray case]
Gray's death triggered demonstrations and looting in the city as the nation was already mired in a fevered debate over fatal police encounters involving young black men. The mayor imposed a citywide curfew, and the governor called in the National Guard amid the riots.
Six Baltimore police officers were charged after Freddie Gray's death and arrest. Here's who they are. (Claritza Jimenez,Erin Patrick O'Connor/The Washington Post)
Over and over again when reading their ruling Thursday, Williams said the state did not have evidence to prove Goodson acted criminally. Prosecutors did not show Goodson gave Gray a “rough ride,” that Goodson knew Gray needed immediate medical care or that Goodson meant to harm Gray by failing to put them in a seat belt.
“There has been no credible evidence presented at this trial that the defendant intended for any crime to happen,” Williams said.
State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby and their team of prosecutors quickly and quietly marched out of the packed courtroom after Williams read the verdict. The subdued scene was a stark contrast to Mosby's news conference on the steps of the city's War Memorial days after Gray's funeral, when they forcefully announced charges against six officers in the case and declared they had heard Baltimore's “call for no justice, no peace.”
The verdict casts serious doubt as to whether prosecutors can win a conviction against the four officers awaiting trial, but Mosby is unlikely to drop the remaining cases, said Jeremy Eldridge, a Baltimore defense attorney who is not involved in the case.
[Timeline and charges in the case]
“Mosby made this part of their political agenda,” Eldridge said. “She made promises to the community about seeking out justice. What we're seeing here is the complete unraveling of the state's case that was laid out the day Mosby announced the charges.”
As Mosby hurried out of the courtroom Thursday, Goodson stayed. In a gray suit and purple tie, they exchanged handshakes and pats on the back with their attorneys and fellow officers while, nearby, their family embraced.
A crowd of about 40 protesters who gathered outside the courthouse greeted the news of Goodson's acquittal with disappointment and outrage.
Carl Dix, who grew up near Gray's neighborhood, said the verdict has sapped their faith in the legal system.
“They're saying you can go deaf, dumb and blind and say you didn't know and get away with it,” Dix said. “To say that no one knew they needed any medical attention really means they can do anything to him.”
At a news conference Thursday evening, Gray family attorney Billy Murphy said the family continues to support Mosby and that they still “hope for justice.”
“This family is enormously frustrated not just for themselves but for the community,” Murphy said. Gray's mother and stepfather stood with them but did not comment.
Goodson faced the most serious counts among the charged officers. They were acquitted of second-degree depraved-heart murder, second-degree assault, misconduct in office, reckless endangerment and three counts of manslaughter.
With more than 30 witnesses testifying over an eight-day trial, prosecutors attempted to convince Williams that Goodson was culpable in Gray's death. As the van driver, prosecutors argued, Goodson had ultimate custody and care of Gray but failed to buckle Gray into the back of the police wagon and to get them immediate medical attention. They said Gray got a “rough ride,” bouncing around the back of the wagon without a seat belt but with their wrists and legs shackled.
[Baltimore prosecutors say Freddie Gray was given ‘rough ride' in police van]
Goodson's attorneys countered that the officer's decision not to enter the narrow van compartment and put a seat belt on Gray was reasonable because Gray was combative during their arrest. Gray did not say they were in pain or show signs of a medical emergency. And prosecutors did not have evidence of a “rough ride” or witnesses who saw Goodson driving erratically.
Lawyers were unable to comment on the verdict because a gag order is in place for the duration of the case.
Following Goodson's acquittal, city Fraternal Order of Police President Gene Ryan said the group is pleased with the ruling and optimistic that the remaining officers will also be acquitted. They called on Mosby to drop the remaining charges.
“It is time to put this sad chapter behind us,” Ryan said.
Goodson remains suspended without pay and their case is under internal review by the department, a police spokesperson said. Having been found not guilty, their pay will probably be reinstated.
As they announced the verdict, Williams hammered the state's “rough ride” theory, calling it “an inflammatory term of art.”
“When uttered, it is not to be taken lightly for, at a minimum, it means there are actions and intent on the part of the individual driving the vehicle,” Williams said.
Williams said video and photos that prosecutors presented did not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Goodson ran a stop sign or recklessly made a wide turn, as the state contended. Witnesses for the prosecution could not specifically define “rough ride.” And only when pressed in closing arguments did prosecutors say a rough ride could be inferred because Gray got hurt while unbuckled in the back of the van.
“The failure to seat-belt may have been a mistake, or it may have been bad judgment,” Williams said, “but without showing more than has been presented to the court concerning the failure to seat-belt and the surrounding circumstances, the state has failed to meet its burden.”
[Complete coverage of the Freddie Gray case]
The judge also said competing testimony from at least four medical experts offered “equally plausible scenarios” as to when and where Gray was injured. And if experts disagreed, “how would the average person or officer without medical training know?”
Testimony showed that Gray told police at multiple stops that they wanted to go to the hospital. But according to the judge, there was no evidence until the van arrived at the final stop that Goodson realized Gray — who had a bloodied face and was unresponsive — was in medical distress.
To win the second-degree depraved-heart murder charge, prosecutors had to prove that Goodson's actions or lack of actions created a very high risk to Gray's life and that despite knowing the risks, Goodson acted “with extreme disregard of the life-endangering consequences.”
Defense attorney and former prosecutor Warren Alperstein, who is not involved in the case, said the state's case crumbled in two places: its presentation of a “rough ride” theory and failure to show that Goodson breached their duty as an officer.
“The state made the ‘rough ride' theory a centerpiece of its case, and when the ‘rough ride' theory was not proven at all, a significant part of the state's case fell apart,” Alperstein said. And if there was no bleeding, bruising or heavy breathing at earlier stops, “how could a reasonable officer know Freddie Gray was in need of medical help?”
University of Maryland law professor Doug Colbert said that though the state has yet to secure a conviction in the case, the trials have been good for the community.
“It is so important,” Colbert said, “that these public trials are held so that people can come to a courtroom and hear what happened to Freddie Gray and then make their own decision about whether that is the practice they want to embrace or whether it is time for significant changes.”
The city remained peaceful throughout the day. As the evening went on, a small gathering of people spoke out against the verdict at the corner of North and Pennsylvania avenues, the epicenter of last year's riots. Nearby, a group of officers and kids played a game of pickup basketball.
Joe Heim contributed to this report.
